A Hostile Geography
A Cold History
Today
Since the Soviet fall , Russian generals , intelligence chiefs and foreign policy personnel have often waxed philosophic about the inevitability of a global alliance to hem in U.S. power — often using the rhetoric of a " multipolar world . "
Central in all of these plans has been not only the implied leadership of Russia , but the implied presence of China .
At first glance , the two seem natural partners .
China has a booming manufacturing economy , while Russia boasts growing exports of raw materials .
But a closer look at the geography of the two paints a very different picture , while the history of the two tells an extraordinarily different story .
If anything , it is no small miracle that the two have never found themselves facing each other in a brutal war .
Russia east of the Urals and the Chinese interior are empty , forbidding places .
Nearly all of Russia 's population is hard up on its western border , while China 's is in snug against its eastern and southern coasts .
There is an ocean 's worth of nothing between them .
But while ships can ply the actual ocean cheaply , potentially boosting economic activity , trade between Russia and China does not come easy .
Moscow and Beijing are farther apart than Washington and London , and the cost of building meaningful infrastructure between the two would run in the hundreds of billions .
With the exception of some resource development and sales in the border region , integration between the two simply does not make economic sense .
Yet , distance aside , there are no real barriers between the two .
Southwestern Siberia is a long stretch of flatness that flows seamlessly into the steppes of Central Asia and the highlands of western China .
This open expanse is the eastern end of the old Silk Road — proof that luxury trade is often feasible where more conventional trade simply cannot pay the transport bill .
But where caravans bearing spice and silk can pass , so can armies bearing less desirable " goods and services .
" Ominously for Russia , there is little to separate the Russian Far East — where most of the Russian population east of the Urals resides — from Manchuria .
And not only is there a 15:1 population imbalance here in favor of the Chinese ( and not only has Beijing quietly encouraged Chinese immigration across its border with Russia since the Soviet breakup ) , but the Russian Far East is blocked from easy access to the rest of Russia by the towering mountains surrounding Lake Baikal .
So while the two parts of Russia have minimal barriers separating them from China , they do have barriers separating them from each other .
Russia can thus only hold its Far East so long as China lacks the desire to take it .
Geography also drives the two in different directions for economic reasons .
For the same reason that trade between the two is unlikely , developing Russia would be an intimidating task .
Unlike China or the United States , Russia 's rivers for the most part do not interconnect , and none of the major rivers go anywhere useful .
Russia has loads of coastline , but nowhere does coast meld with population centers and ice - free ocean access .
The best the country has is remote Murmansk .
So Russia 's development — doubly so east of the Urals — largely mirrors Africa 's : limited infrastructure primarily concerned with exploiting mineral deposits .
Anything more holistic is simply too expensive to justify .
In contrast , China boasts substantial populations along its warm coasts .
This access to transport allows China to industrialize more readily than Russia , but China shares easily crossed land borders with no natural trading partner .
Its only serious option for international trade lies in maritime shipping .
Yet , because land transport is " merely " difficult and not impossible , China must dedicate resources to a land - based military .
This makes China militarily both vulnerable to — yet economically dependent upon — sea powers , both for access to raw materials and to ship its goods to market .
The dominant naval power of today is not land - centric Russia , but the United States .
To be economically successful China must at least have a civil and neutral relationship with the $ 14 - trillion - economy - wielding and 11 - aircraft - carrier - strike - group - toting United States .
Russia barely even enters into China 's economic equation .
And the way Russia does figure into that equation — Central Asia — is not a positive , because there is an additional complication .
Natural gas produced in the Central Asian states until recently was part and parcel of overall Soviet production .
Since those states ' infrastructure ran exclusively north into Russia , Moscow could count on this captive output to sign European supply contracts at a pittance .
The Kremlin then uses those contracts as an anvil over Europe to extract political concessions .
" China " has been around a long time , but the borders of today represent the largest that the Chinese state has ever been .
To prevent its outer provinces from breaking away ( as they have many times in China 's past ) , one of Beijing 's geopolitical imperatives is to lash those provinces to the center as firmly as possible .
Beijing has done this in two ways .
First , it has stocked these outlying regions with Han Chinese to dilute the identity of the indigenous populations and culturally lash the regions to the center .
Second , it has physically and economically lashed them to the center via building loads of infrastructure .
So , in the past 15 years , China has engaged in a flurry of road , pipeline and rail construction to places such as Tibet and Xinjiang .
Merge these two seemingly minor details and it suddenly becomes clear that much of the mineral and energy riches of formerly Soviet Central Asia — resources that Russia must have to maintain its energy leverage over Europe — are now just as close to China 's infrastructure network as they are to Russia's .
And obtaining those resources is one of the few possible means China has of mitigating its vulnerability to U.S. naval power .
All that is needed are some pieces of connecting infrastructure to allow those resources to flow east to China instead of north to Russia .
Those connections — road , pipe and rail — are already under construction .
The Russians suddenly have some very active competition in a region they have thought of as their exclusive playground , not to mention a potential highway to Russia proper , for the past quarter millennia .
Control of Central Asia is now a strategic imperative for both .
The history of the two powers — rarely warm , oftentimes bitter — meshes well with the characteristics of the region 's geography .
From the Chinese point of view , Russia is a relative newcomer to Asia , having started claiming territory east of the Urals only in the late 1500s , and having spent most of its blood , sweat and tears in the region in Central Asia rather than the Far East .
Russian efforts in the Far East amounted to little more than a string of small outposts even when Moscow began claiming Pacific territory in the late 1700s .
Still , by 1700 , Russian strength was climbing while Chinese power was waning under the onslaught of European colonialism , enabling a still - militarily weak Russian force to begin occupying chunks of northeastern China .
With a bit of bluff and guile , Russia formally annexed what is now Amur province from Qing China in the 1858 Treaty of Aigun , and shortly thereafter the Chinese - Russian border of today was established .
China attempted to resist even after Aigun — lumping the document with the other " unequal treaties " that weakened Chinese sovereignty and territorial integrity — and indeed the Russians had more or less swindled China out of a million square miles of territory .
But Beijing simply had too many other issues going on to mount a serious resistance ( the Opium Wars come to mind ) .
Once the Trans - Siberian Railway was completed early in the 20th century , Russia was able to back up its claims with troops , and the issue definitively moved to the back burner — especially as the rising colonial aspirations of Japan occupied more attention than China had to spare .
The bilateral relationship warmed somewhat after the end of World War II , with Russian energy and weapons critical to Mao 's consolidation of power ( although notably , Stalin originally backed Mao's rival , Chiang Kai-shek ) .
But this camaraderie was not to last .
Stalin did everything he could first to egg on the North Korean government to invade South Korea , and then to nudge the Chinese into backing the North Koreans against the U.S. - led U.N. counterattack .
But while the USSR provided weapons to China in the Korean War , Moscow never sent troops — and when the war ended , Stalin had the temerity to submit a bill to Bejing for services rendered .
Sino -Soviet relations never really improved after that .
As part of Cold War maneuvers , Russia allied with India and North Vietnam , both longtime Chinese rivals .
Therein lay the groundwork of a U.S. - Chinese rapprochement , and rapid - fire events quickly drove the Chinese and Soviets apart .
The United States and China both backed Pakistan in the Indo - Pakistani wars .
Some 60,000 Uighurs — a Muslim minority that the Chinese still fear hold separatist aspirations — fled across the Soviet border in 1962 .
In 1965 , the Chinese energy industry matured to the point that Soviet oil was no longer required to keep the Chinese economy afloat .
Later , Washington turned a blind eye to the horrors of the Chinese - bankrolled Khmer Rouge in Cambodia to destabilize Soviet - backed Vietnam .
When all was said and done , the Soviet Union faced a foe to its south every bit as implacable as those on its western and eastern flanks .
But the seminal event that made the Sino - Soviet split inevitable was a series of military clashes in the summer of 1969 over some riverine islands in the Amur.
China and Russia are anything but natural partners .
While their economic interests may seem complementary , geography dictates that their actual connections will be sharply limited .
Moreover , in their roles of resource provider versus producer , they actually have a commercial relationship analogous to that of Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries versus the United States — with all the angst and distrust that suggests .
Strategically , the two tend to swim in different pools , but they still share a borderland .
Borderlands — where one great state flows into another — are dangerous places , as their precise locations ebb and flow with the geopolitical tides .
And the only thing more likely to generate borderland friction than when one side is strong and the other weak is when both sides are strong .
Currently , both China and Russia are becoming more powerful simultaneously , creating ample likelihood that the two will slide toward confrontation in regions of overlapping interest .
So why STRATFOR 's interest in the topic ?
The primary reason the United States is the most powerful state in the international system is that it faces no challengers on its continent .
( Canada is de facto integrated into the United States , and Mexico — even were it stable and rich — would still be separated from the United States by a sizable desert . )
This allows the United States to develop in peace and focus its efforts on projecting its power outward rather than defending itself .
For the United States to be threatened , a continental - sized power or coalition of similar or greater size would need to arise .
So long as China and Russia remain at odds , the United States does not have to work very hard to maintain its position .
Which brings us back to the island battles that cemented the Sino - Soviet split : Russia is giving them back .
On July 21 , Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov put Russia 's final signature — in a deal already signed and ratified by both sides — to a deal that commits Russia to the imminent removal of its forces from 67 square miles of territory on a series of Amur riverine islands .
The Russians call them Tarabarov and Bolshoi Ussuriysky , the Chinese call them Yinlong Dao and Heixiazi Dao .
These are two of the islands over which the Chinese and Soviets battled in 1969 , formalizing the Sino - Soviet split .
The final pullout of Russian forces is expected within a month .
When two states enter into alliance , the first thing they must do is stop treating each other as foes .
There is a bit of wiggle room if the two states do not border each other as the United States and Soviet Union did not during World War II .
But in cases of a shared land border , it is devilishly difficult to believe that those on the other side of the line have your back if they are still gunning for a piece of your backyard .
If China and Russia are going to stand together against the United States — or really , anyone — in any way , shape or form , the first thing they have to do is stop standing against each other .
And that is just about to happen .
There are still plenty of reasons to doubt the durability of this development .
In terms of modern warfare , the islands are strategic irrelevancies , so their surrender is not exactly a huge gesture of trust .
Achieving any semblance of economic integration between the two powers still would be more trouble and expensive than it would be worth , making any deepening of the bilateral relationship difficult .
Russia 's demographic slide instills a perfectly logical paranoia in the Kremlin ; Russians are outnumbered 7 to 1 by their " partner " in terms of population and 3 to 1 in terms of economic size — something that Russian pride will find far harder to accept than merely handing over some islands .
There is no substitute to the American market for China .
Period .
Sharing Central Asia is simply impossible because both sides need the same resources to achieve and maintain their strategic aims .
And neither power has a particularly sterling reputation when it comes to confidence building .
Yet while Moscow is known for many , many things , sacrificing territory — especially territory over which blood has been shed — is not on that list .
Swallowing some pride to raise the prospect of a Chinese - Russian alliance is something that should not pass unnoticed .
Burying the hatchet in the islands of the Amur is the first step on the improbable road to a warmer bilateral relationship , and raises the possibility of a coalition of forces with the geographic foundation necessary to challenge the United States at its very core .
Such a Chinese - Russian alliance remains neither natural nor likely .
But , with the territory handover , it has just become something that it was not a week ago : possible .
In 1992 , Disney announced that it would plant trees in Florida to give something back to the area - so they planted 50,000 pine trees ... in the shape of Mickey Mouse !
See Mickey 's Forest and other fascinating bird 's eye views of Florida : Link - Thanks Dave !
August 22 , 2008
OCCUPIED JERUSALEM , ( PIC ) --
The Israeli premier Ehud Olmert intends to visit Russia to foil a possible arms deal to Syria , according to Yediot Ahronot on Friday .
The paper said that Olmert threatened Syria that Israel will destroy any weapons they buy from Russia telling the Syrians that it would be a loss for Syria to pay money for arms that Israel will work to destroy .
These Israeli reaction were prompted by President Bashar al - Asad 's visit to Russia to express his support for the Russian government in the Caucuses conflict and a probable arms deal .
Israel and the USA have been angered by reports that Syria has accepted Russian deployment of Iskander missile system on its territories .
Syria has officially said that there is no truth to such reports .
Olmert has pre-empted Asad 's visit by a phone call to Russia 's President , Dmitry Medvedev during which he urged President Medvedev not to sell weapons to Syria and tried to belittle the role of Israel in supplying the Georgian army with weapons .
For his part , the Israeli war minister , Ehud Barak , said that Israel is watching the results of Asad 's visit to Russia closely , in particular the negotiations to equip the Syrian army with better weapons .
The Israeli foreign minister Tzipi livni had earlier urged Russia not to conclude any arms deals with Syria and said that both Israel and Russia have interest in Syria not getting long range missiles .
This is the way the question would have proceeded if I was asking the questions .
This is the first of five finalist recipes I ’ll post in the next ten days , before I announce the winner of the 3 - A - Day of Dairy dairy recipe contest .
It ’s been fun so far , and I ca n’t wait to continue sampling the goods .
Once again , thank you to everyone who entered recipes in the contest .
Since I chose the finalists myself , I was able to review each and every recipe , and wound up printing a huge stack of them .
I just hope I live long enough to try them all .
( Fig ’s Cheese Muffins Printable Recipe )
Today we ’re making Cheese Muffins , submitted by Fig .
The recipe appealed to me not just because of the sheer amount of grated cheese in the recipe , but because of its potential versatility : I could picture the muffins alongside a big bowl of soup , with a juicy steak , or next to a big , green salad .
So c’mon — let ’s give ’em a try !
I started by whisking together the dry ingredients : flour , sugar , baking powder , and salt .
Then , according to Fig ’s directions , I dumped in — get this — 3 cups of grated colby / jack cheese !
That ’s just a heckuva lot of cheese , man .
But hey — I ’m not complaining .
I gave the mixture a quick stir , just to combine .
Next , I mixed the wet ingredients : egg , milk , and melted butter .
I made sure the butter was n’t too hot before I poured it in .
Then I added the wet ingredients to the flour / cheese mixture .
Stirring it together , I noticed how incredibly sticky it was !
And the cheese , I saw , was definitely the chief ingredient in the batter .
Because I ’m morally against buttering and flouring pans ( not really — I ’m just lazy ) I sprayed the muffin tin generously with baking spray ( the stuff in the blue can ) .
Then I spooned in the batter so it fit equally into the twelve cups of the tin .
Then I popped ’em into the oven for 20 minutes .
When I pulled them out , I stuck a fork into one of them and took a bite .
I tasted a slight floury / doughy flavor , so I put them back in for five more minutes .
That did the trick .
And mmmm .
They looked — and smelled — wonderful .
Very interesting texture on top … but I could n’t wait to pull one apart .
The verdict ?
Completely delicious and delightful , and I ’m not just saying that to be nice .
They have a ver different texture than an average “ muffin ” — crispy around the outside and airy and extremely cheesy , on the inside .
According to Fig ’s directions , the muffins should be eaten warm … and she ’s right .
Though they ’re tasty at room temperature , warm is definitely where it ’s at .
Thanks ,
Fig , for your entry .
Fig ’s Cheese Muffins
1 1/2 cups flour
1 1/2 tablespoons sugar
1 tablespoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
3 cups shredded colby - jack cheese
1 cup milk
1 egg
1/4 cup ( 1/2 stick ) melted butter ( I used salted )
Whisk together dry ingredients , then stir in cheese .
In a separate bowl , whisk egg , milk , and butter together .
Pour milk mixture into dry ingredients and stir with a spoon to combine .
Bake in greased muffin tins at 375 degrees for 20 - 25 minutes .
Makes 12 .
Fig ’s Cheese Muffins Printable Recipe
Watch for the next finalist recipe shortly .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said on Saturday when the U.S. Congress returns next month from its summer recess , Democrats will offer legislation that could give oil companies drilling access to more offshore areas .
Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi talks about Massachusetts Senator Edward Kennedy in the Capitol in Washington May 20 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque
By moving to open additional federal waters to energy exploration , Democrats could narrow the differences they have with Republicans on tackling America ’s energy problems , a concern that ranks high with voters heading into the November presidential and congressional elections .
Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama has changed his position and said he would be willing to consider new offshore drilling if it allowed comprehensive energy legislation to pass .
His Republican challenger , John McCain , also switched his position and has called for opening most U.S. waters to drilling if the affected states agree .
In the Democrats ’ weekly radio address , Pelosi of California said expanding drilling areas would be part of a broader bill which addresses other energy issues .
“ It will consider opening portions of the ( offshore ) Outer Continental Shelf for drilling , with appropriate safeguards , and without taxpayer subsidies to Big Oil , ” she said .
Pelosi said the legislation would require oil companies to pay billions of dollars in drilling royalties , which would be invested in clean energy resources .
Democrats also want to release supplies from the U.S. emergency oil stockpile to help lower gasoline prices , increase drilling in an Alaskan oil reserve that is already open to exploration and require utilities to generate a portion of their electricity from renewable sources like solar and wind energy .
In addition , Pelosi said , the legislation would seek to rein in excessive energy market speculation that many U.S. lawmakers blame for running up crude oil and gasoline prices .
“ This comprehensive Democratic approach will ensure energy independence which is essential to our national security , will create millions of good paying jobs here at home in a new green economy , and will take major steps forward in addressing the global climate crisis , ” Pelosi said .
House Republican leader John Boehner of Ohio said the Democratic proposal falls short of Republican - sponsored legislation that would open more areas to oil drilling , including the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in Alaska .
“ While the speaker now claims to embrace a comprehensive energy plan that includes more conservation , more innovation , and more American energy production , the fact is her new effort appears to be just another flawed plan that will do little to lower gas prices , ” Boehner said .
He said if Pelosi was serious about boosting domestic oil supplies , she would call the House back into session to take up such a bill .
Congress is scheduled to return on September 8 .
The Likud party 's website ( likud.org.il ) was hacked on Wednesday by a hacker known as Cold Zero , who is a part of a group of hackers known as Team Hell .
The group is known to be as a collection of Muslim hackers , believed to comprise of mostly Palestinian hackers .
The site 's main page was replaced with a message , written in Hebrew , with both grammatical and spelling errors , saying " you kill Palestine children in Gaza ; we will hack into your websites " .
Another message on the site said , ' You think Gilad Shalit will be returned ?
As soon as he is returned , we will kidnap four more like him " .
They were referring to the Israeli soldier who was kidnapped by Hamas in 2006 .
Poetic Hacker Bank of Israel ’s website cracked by Muslim hacker Niv Lillian Muslim hacker quotes Malcolm X on bank 's English - language site , leaves messages against Israeli ‘ occupation ’ , US Iraqi invasion Bank of Israel ’s website cracked by Muslim hacker
Despite the media attention given to these hacks , in most cases the damage done is only superficial .
The hackers would usually plant their own pages or in some cases change the main page of the site , a practice that is known as defacement .
Israeli websites have been subject to these types of attacks on a day by day basis , though in most cases the attacks are aimed at the smaller sites .
Sites belonging to known commercial entities such as the channel 10 website or the bank or Israel website are also targeted .
In this instance , the target was the website of the Likud party .
A spokesperson for the Likud party has said that the problem has been dealt with and that people are welcomed to enter the site again .
Your ‘ Holy Grail ’ when it comes to your sales message or your email subject line is your ability to get your message read .
Once you have discovered your holy grail , this becomes your hook for your headline which is simply a unique piece of your sales story which arouses burning curiosity and FORCES your reader to read your copy .
It is your slant , your uniqueness , which no - one else has .
You will instinctively know when you find your ‘ Holy Grail ’ and then you set about crafting this into a big hook .
You search for some detail of your product which others have paid no attention to .
And this is another reason why you need to research your topic .
Do your due diligence and it opens so many doors for you .
Except this time , you are looking for the “ human ” connection .
When you find your hook , do you know the best place in your copy to use it ?
It is in your Headline !
Here Are 11 Tips to Help You Discover Your Headline ’s Holy Grail :
1. Your Guarantee .
A guarantee can be your hook .
It will need to be sensational , every outrageous .
If it ’s so different , so unusual , it could be your hook .
As long as your product and or service does n’t suck , your guarantee will not bit you on your ass because 99.2 % of people are honest and will not ask you for a refund when they know they never got off their ass in the first place .
2. Testimonials from your satisfied customers .
For example , a 65 year - old fat golfer , who won a tournament beating good opposition – including several pro golfers .
Obviously , the hook here is “ 65 year - old , fat amateur golfer , who had n’t even seen his toes in years . . . out drove , out teed and out played golf pros to wins tournament . ”
3. Create a celebrity .
Get a well - known celebrity to endorse your product and work this into your hook .
Just look at any major products such as nike who have a celebrity endorsing them or the perfumes which have the Hollywood Celebrities or models under contract or when Michael Jackson was signed to Pepsi .
Celebrities work – no exceptions !
4. Competitive Analysis .
Create a spreadsheet and list all your competitors ’ points .
Price , guarantee , major benefit , etc .
And then look for ways to be better than them .
You may find your ‘ Holy Grail ’ and hook right here – at the very least you will uncover better content for your copy .
5 . Do the opposite .
If you find a competitor which has a really compelling hook .
They may be bigger than you and you ca n’t hope to compete with them . . . however what you can do is maybe think of a hook which is the opposite of what they do .
Or maybe something similar but with a different slant .
6 . Book titles .
Visit your local Barnes and Noble or Borders .
Look at the book titles .
Especially the well - known ones .
You may be able to adapt one of them .
Some obvious ones come to mind , but do some research of your own .
There are also some terrific titles in the Public Domain .
Here are a few examples :
Think and Grow Rich ( 1937 version is in the Public Domain )
Eat and Grow Thin ( a book title from the public domain )
How to Win Friends and Influence People
Scientific Advertising ( Public Domain )
Chicken Soup for the Soul
Who Moved My Cheese
7 . Song titles .
Same here .
Let some famous songs inspire you to come up with a great hook .
One which comes to mind is the Beatles song : “ Let It Be . ”
Other song titles are :
Swing Low Sweet Chariot
Pennies From Heaven
Over the Rainbow
Sound of Silence
Love is All Around
Simply Irresistible
8. Movie titles .
Eugene Schwartz ( legendary copywriter ) reckoned you should see every top box office movie to put you into the mindset of your prospects .
Here are a few movie titles for you to consider :
Fatal Attraction
Superman .
Nightmare on Elm Street
The Seven Year Itch
Rebel Without a Cause
The Da Vinci Code
Walk The Line
Cinderella Man
And be careful about the demographics of your prospects .
9. News Stands .
This is great for finding your hook .
Grab a copy of National Enquirer .
See which headlines they are using .
Get a copy of the magazines which cover your niche .
See what headlines are in use .
For sure , they will be tried and tested .
Golf Digest is a particularly good example .
Study some of the articles .
10 . Television Shows .
Another way to try and “ brainstorm ” your hook .
Do this and you will uncover your Headline ’s Holy Grail .
Here are 7 examples :
Big Brother
American Idol
The Apprentice
The Six Million Dollar Man
The Twilight Zone
Who Wants To Be A Millionaire
Deal Or No Deal
11 . Random Words .
Use random words to fire your imagination .
Get topical words to create strong images in your mind .
Here are just a few :
Navy Seals
Bazooka
Scorpion
Cobra
Taipan
Panther
Crocodile
I have used :
“ The Crocodile Dundee of Advertising – Delivers The Biggest Advertising Knife so you can slash your competitors in half and leave them feeling like a one legged duck swimming in a crocodile infested creek ! ”
Mark Joyner , in his book “ The Irresistible Offer ” refers to finding your “ touchstone . ”
And one of the ways he does this is by coming up with random words and finding ways to answer the following questions :
i . What are you trying to sell me ?
ii .
How much does it cost ?
iii .
What ’s in it for me ?
iv .
Why should I believe you ?
What you must NOT do is try to fool your reader .
Your holy grail and your hook must be honest and sincere .
And believable .
Even if it ’s “ almost ” unbelievable .
If you look hard enough you will find it .
And do n’t forget about the Internet as well .
You can visit news websites to check out the hottest stories too which can give you ideas for a hook or for an angle for your copy , an articles etc .
You too can discover your Holy Grail !
Happy Hunting .
‘ Dedicated to kicking your ass until you succeed .
‘ Trevor ‘ Toe Cracker ’ Crook
PS .
You are the best person in the world to create the words which sell you and your products and services .
Do n’t let lame copy cost you sales .
No related posts .
Related posts brought to you by Yet Another Related Posts Plugin .
( Post updated at 1:04 p.m. with Heinrich 's response about the validity of the negative review . )
( Post updated at 8:45 a.m. with response from Heinrich about compensation from Apple . )
Eight iPhone owners have joined an elite clan :
Their Apple gadget is running a program that cost nearly $ 1,000 .
When the iPhone first hit the market in June 2007 , those who paid the $ 499 entry price -- and signed the two - year AT&T contract -- owned a status symbol .
A year later , we have the iPhone 3G , Apple 's speedier , sleeker and , most important , less expensive smart phone , which introduced a section for downloading third - party applications .
Now that the phone is affordable enough for a wider audience , a new status symbol has emerged : a seemingly useless application called I Am Rich .
Its function is exactly what the name implies : to alert people that you have money in the bank .
I Am Rich was available for purchase from the phone 's App Store for , get this , $ 999.99 -- the highest amount a developer can charge through the digital retailer , said Armin Heinrich , the program 's developer .
Once downloaded , it does n't do much -- a red icon sits on the iPhone home screen like any other application , with the subtext " I Am Rich . "
Once activated , it treats the user to a large , glowing gem ( pictured above ) .
That 's about it .
For a thousand dollars .
Apple apparently had some problems with I Am Rich .
After initially approving it for distribution , the company has since removed it from the store .
Heinrich , a German software developer , has yet to hear back from Apple concerning the removal .
" I have no idea why they did it and am not aware of any violation of the rules to sell software on the App Store , " Heinrich said in an e-mail with The Times today .
But Apple could n't pull it down before curious aristocrats -- eight of them -- had purchased it .
Six people from the United States , one from Germany and one from France dropped a grand for the gem in the first 24 hours it was available , Heinrich said .
That 's $ 5,600 in revenue for Heinrich and $ 2,400 for Apple , which collects 30 % of each sale for " store upkeep . "
In the e-mail , Heinrich said there seemed to be a market for the program .
" I am sure a lot more people would like to buy it -- but currently can't do so , " Heinrich said .
" The App is a work of Art and included a ' secret mantra ' -- that 's all . "
A possible explanation for its removal : A screen shot of an App Store review that has been circulating around the Web recently , showing a user 's complaint that he purchased it accidentally .
" I saw this app with a few friends and we jokingly clicked ' buy ' thinking it was a joke , to see what would happen .
...
THIS IS NO JOKE ... DO NOT BUY THIS APP AND APPLE PLEASE REMOVE THIS FROM THE APP STORE , " it read .
I Am Rich is n't the first software that has been removed from Apple 's store .
Box Office , a movie showtime resource , and NetShare , which let users connect a computer to the Internet using the iPhone 's 3G wireless data service , disappeared without a trace .
Apple did not respond to phone calls for comment .
UPDATED : In a follow - up e-mail , Heinrich said he had not yet received his $ 5,600 check from Apple , which has a policy of paying developers at the end of each calendar month .
He 's unsure how the app's removal will affect the payment process .
" I 've got e-mails from customers telling me that they really love the app , " adding that they had " no trouble spending the money , " he said .
UPDATED : Heinrich confirms the validity of the review pictured in the screenshot , and Apple has refunded his and another buyer 's money .
" I do n't want to collect money from people who did this by accident and I am glad that Apple returned the money for two orders , " Heinrich said .
-- Mark Milian
Milian is an intern at latimes.com .
Images courtesy of Armin Heinrich
Barack Obama , please show us that you are no John Kerry .
Or Al Gore .
Or ( fill in Democrat from the last 30 years ) .
This is not to say I do n't think Gore , Kerry et al are not good men .
They are .
But they entered the Democratic cocoon ( not to be confused with the cast of the movie Cocoon - more age appropriate for John McCain ) once nominated by their party for the presidency , and sadly Obama is currently falling into the same trap .
What do I mean by this ?
I mean when Gore was branded a liar and when Kerry was branded a traitor , there was no real defence of the candidates , and more importantly no counterattack .
George Bush was a cheerleader in high school .
He ran multiple businesses into the ground , was bailed out by daddy , was a drunk for years , probably used cocaine , was arrested for drunk driving , went Awol on military service in the Alabama Air National Guard and had only the political experience of being governor of Texas for one and a half terms , the weakest state chief executive in this country ( Texas ' state constitution gives most of its powers to the lieutenant governor ) .
And yet Gore and Kerry could not find a way to portray this man as unworthy of the office he sought to inhabit , so he has gotten to inhabit it for eight long years , while the US has suffered through every disaster short of a plague of locusts descending upon the land .
Amazing .
Democrats were convinced then , and the Obama people seem to be convinced now , that if the people agree with you on most of the issues , you will win , so just ignore the attacks .
Yet , as history has proven , as it did in 2000 and 2004 , if the messenger is discredited , the message is no longer received by the public .
Republicans understand this .
Democrats somehow still do n't .
Which brings me back to Obama .
The past month has seen McCain and outside surrogates put a plan into action that the right has been slowly rolling out for at least a year now .
To turn Obama into the " other " , as Edward Said once put it in his celebrated work Orientalism .
Obama as Muslim .
Obama in an ad with promiscuous , white female celebrities ( which made Paris Hilton 's mom , Kathy , a McCain donor , none to pleased ) .
Obama as " cocky " and " arrogant " ( see uppity ) .
Obama as the one who injected race into the contest .
And suddenly , almost magically , McCain brings up the issue of affirmative action , reversing his previous position ( I think that now brings him down to two consistent positions over the past decade ) on a state ballot initiative in Arizona to now support ending this successful programme .
As with President Bush , responding should be child 's play .
First , senator Obama , defend yourself from these attacks - both conscious and subconscious - on your race .
Run ads on your " American values " , talk about your humble upbringing and do n't be afraid to speak openly about your race and the challenges you have overcome .
You are an American success story , and most Americans will respond to that .
Second , tell the truth about McCain 's character .
Under the banner of " John McCain : too dangerous to be president " , introduce all manner of issues about McCain 's character into this race - his willingness to race bait , his unbearable and volatile temper , his lack of knowledge about economics and his walking lockstep with President Bush on Iraq – and , without much prodding , Americans ' concerns about McCain 's age will fit neatly under this category .
Use some humorous ads , and some that are much more serious .
But put the focus back where it should be : squarely on McCain 's lack of character .
If you do n't ( see Monday 's Rasmussen poll where you have fallen behind for the first time ) , you may just find a way to do what Democrats have mastered over the past generation : snatch defeat from the jaws of victory .
Rochester Physicist's Quantum - " Uncollapse " Hypothesis Verified
In 2006 , Andrew Jordan , professor of physics and astronomy at the University of Rochester , together with Alexander Korotkov at the University of California , Riverside , spelled out how to exploit a quantum quirk to accomplish a feat long thought impossible , and this week a research team at the University of California at Santa Barbara has tested the theory , proving it correct .
Quantum particles behave in ways that from our everyday experience seem utterly impossible .
For instance , quantum particles have wave - like properties and can exist in many places at once .
Why the objects we see around us every day �in what physicists call the " classical " world �do n't behave this way despite being made of these very same strange quantum particles is a deep question in modern physics .
Most scientists have believed that the instant a quantum object was measured it would " collapse " from being in all the locations it could be , to just one location like a classical object .
Jordan proposed that it would be possible to weakly measure the particle continuously , partially collapsing the quantum state , and then " unmeasure " it , causing the particle to revert back to its original quantum form , before it collapsed .
Jordan 's hypothesis suggests that the line between the quantum and classical worlds is not as sharply defined as had been long thought , but that it is rather a gray area that takes time to cross .
In the latest issue of Nature News , Postdoctoral Fellow Nadav Katz explains how his team put the idea to the test and found that , indeed , he is able to take a " weak " measurement of a quantum particle , which triggered a partial collapse .
Katz then " undid the damage we 'd done , " altering certain properties of the particle and performing the same weak measurement again .
The particle was returned to its original quantum state just as if no measurement had ever been taken .
Because theorists had believed since 1926 that a measurement of a quantum particle inevitably forced a collapse , it was said that in a way , measurements created reality as we understand it .
Katz , however , says being able to reverse the collapse " tells us that we really can't assume that measurements create reality because it is possible to erase the effects of a measurement and start again . "
Jordan is currently continuing to probe the differences between the quantum and everyday world .
He 's focusing on nanophysics , which addresses fundamental physical problems that occur on the mesoscopic level .
Also involved in the experiment were Andrew Cleland and John Martinis , the principal investigator of the lab where the experiment was done .
I recently had the need to embed a file in an executable .
Since I 'm working at the command line with gcc , et al and not with a fancy RAD tool that makes it all happen magically it was n't immediately obvious to me how to make this happen .
A bit of searching on the net found a hack to essentially cat it onto the end of the executable and then decipher where it was based on a bunch of information I did n't want to know about .
Seemed like there ought to be a better way ...
And there is , it 's objcopy to the rescue .
objcopy converts object files or executables from one format to another .
One of the formats it understands is " binary " , which is basicly any file that 's not in one of the other formats that it understands .
So you 've probably envisioned the idea : convert the file that we want to embed into an object file , then it can simply be linked in with the rest of our code .
Let 's say we have a file name data .
txt that we want to embed in our executable :
# cat data. txt Hello world
objcopy
# objcopy -- input binary \ -- output elf32-i386 \ -- binary-architecture i386 data.txt data.o
objcopy
-- binary - architecture
objcopy
ld
To convert this into an object file that we can link with our program we just useto produce a " .o " file :
This tellsthat our input file is in the " binary " format , that our output file should be in the " elf32-i386 " format ( object files on the x86 ) .
Theoption tellsthat the output file is meant to " run " on an x86 .
This is needed so thatwill accept the file for linking with other files for the x86 .
One would think that specifying the output format as " elf32-i386 " would imply this , but it does not .
Now that we have an object file we only need to include it when we run the linker :
# gcc main .c data.o
# ./a.out Hello world
main.c
objcopy
_binary_data_txt_start _binary_data_txt_end
_binary_
_start
_end
data.txt
data_txt
hexdump -C
objcopy
When we run the result we get the prayed for output :
Of course , I have n't told the whole story yet , nor shown you .
Whendoes the above conversion it adds some " linker " symbols to the converted object file :
After linking , these symbols specify the start and end of the embedded file .
The symbol names are formed by prependingand appendingorto the file name .
If the file name contains any characters that would be invalid in a symbol name they are converted to underscores ( egbecomes ) .
If you get unresolved names when linking using these symbols , do aon the object file and look at the end of the dump for the names thatchose .
The code to actually use the embedded file should now be reasonably obvious :
#include < stdio.h > extern char _binary_data_txt_start ; extern char _binary_data_txt_end ; main ( ) { char * p = &_binary_data_txt_start ; while ( p ! = &_binary_data_txt_end ) putchar ( * p++ ) ; }
char
int
struct foo_bar_t
char
One important and subtle thing to note is that the symbols added to the object file are n't " variables " .
They do n't contain any data , rather , their address is their value .
I declare them as typebecause it 's convenient for this example : the embedded data is character data .
However , you could declare them as anything , asif the data is an array of integers , or asif the data were any array of foo bars .
If the embedded data is not uniform , thenis probably the most convenient : take its address and cast the pointer to the proper type as you traverse the data .
Is the sun beginning to set on America 's scientific dominance ?
Much like the scientific superpowers of France , Germany and Britain in centuries ' past , the United States has a diminishing lead over other nations in financial investment and scholarly research output in science and engineering , say a group of historians and sociologists led by University of Wisconsin - Madison emeritus history professor J. Rogers Hollingsworth .
Massive investments in recent decades by the European Union , China , Japan , Russia and India have leveled the international playing field in the sciences , according to the essay published in the July 24 issue of the journal Nature .
The trend will likely put an end to the age of the " unrivaled scientific behemoth , " a status the U.S. has enjoyed since the end of World War II .
" What we are seeing is a diffusion of good science centers all over the world , a trend which ultimately may be good for science , " says Hollingsworth .
" But it also means that the U.S. relative to the rest of the world no longer dominates . "
The authors cite China as the most pronounced example .
In 1995 , China ranked 15th among nations in the production of science and engineering papers , according to the research analysis firm Thomson Reuters ISI .
By 2007 , the country ranked second , an increase driven in large part by the country 's economic growth .
China also made dramatic gains in scientific talent .
From 1985 to 2005 , the number of natural sciences and engineering doctorates in China increased seven - fold and elevated the country to third in the world .
Similar major strides in the number of doctorates and the volume of scientific publishing have taken place in India , Japan , Russia and Europe .
Hollingsworth argues that this shift closely parallels the emergence of a global economy and the newfound ability of many nations to compete .
" The decline of the U.S. economy relative to the rest of the world is facilitating the strengthening of science elsewhere , " the authors argue .
Hollingsworth and his co-authors - UW - Madison senior scientist Ellen Jane Hollingsworth and Karl H. Muller , director of the Vienna Institute for Social Science Documentation and Methodology - assert that U.S. science is still strong and performs at a high level .
For example , U.S. researchers still account for more than half of the top 1 percent of most - cited papers in the world .
But the global proliferation of science will present new challenges to the United States .
Hollingsworth says that the biggest threat to U.S. science competitiveness may be the massive size of major research universities , which produce a high volume of published work but not a corresponding increase in " major breakthroughs . "
For example , Hollingsworth says that almost 50 percent of papers published by U.S. scientists are not cited by other scientists , which raises the question of whether the high volume of publishing " is really enhancing our stock of knowledge . "
" I think we have become too obsessed with quantitative measures of science - the volume of papers published , where they 're published and the number of grants attained , " he says .
" To thrive in this transition from a science hegemony to a global competitive landscape , the biggest need will be to become more flexible and more adaptive , " he adds .
" And if you 're not adaptive , you can see what happens with the examples of the auto industry and steel industry in America . "
Hollingsworth recommends a major investment in a new type of nimble and interdisciplinary science in the United States by the National Institutes of Health and the National Science Foundation .
He says the creation of more than two - dozen smaller - scale research institutes that would be autonomous from , but adjacent to , current universities could have great results .
These would operate with little bureaucracy and without the constraints of conventional academic departments , and be more likely to fuel creative thinking , he says .
These institutes would mirror the successes of smaller - scale campuses such as Rockefeller University in New York , the Salk Institute in California and the Santa Fe Institute in New Mexico .
Each of these campuses , Hollingsworth says , produces a high percentage of breakthrough research advances despite their small size , and their successes stem from an organizational culture and structure that is nimble , collaborative and cross-disciplinary .
For the past 15 years , Hollingsworth has been studying research organizations worldwide and looking at whether there are different approaches and structures around the world that are more conducive to promoting innovation .
This essay put his ongoing work in an historical perspective .
Provided by University of Wisconsin- Madison
Explore further New look at satellite data questions scale of China 's afforestation success
Editor 's note : CNN agreed to change the names of the two men in this article to protect their identities .
Rami and Kamal , both gay Iraqis , say they rarely show affection for men in public .
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) -- Kamal was just 16 when gunmen snatched him off the streets of Baghdad , stuffed him in the trunk of a car and whisked him away to a house .
But the real terror was about to begin .
The men realized he was gay , Kamal said , when he took his shirt off and they saw that his chest was shaved .
" They told me to take off my clothes to rape me or they would kill me immediately .
This moment was the worst moment in my life , " he said , weeping as he spoke of the 2005 ordeal .
" I was watching them taking off their clothes , preparing to rape me .
I did not know what to do , so I started shouting loudly , ' Please do not do that !
I will ask my family to give you whatever you want . ' "
Watch the tormented life of gays in Iraq »
His pleas went unheeded .
" The other two kidnappers took off my clothes by force , and , at that time , I saw them as three dirty animals trying to tear my body apart . "
He was held for 15 days , released only after his family paid a $ 1,500 ransom .
He was raped every day .
Only once , he said , was he allowed to talk to his family during captivity .
" I told my family that I was beaten by them , but I did not dare to tell my family that I was raped by them .
I could not say it , it 's too much shame . "
CNN spoke with Kamal , now 18 , and his 21 - year - old friend Rami about what it 's like to be gay in Iraq .
Coming out as gay is not easy in any country , but to do so in Iraq could mean a death sentence or torture .
The two men rarely show feelings toward each other in public .
They spend a lot of time in Internet cafes in Baghdad , surfing gay chat rooms and seeking contacts with other gay men in Iraq and elsewhere .
Since the fall of Saddam Hussein in 2003 , the situation for gays and lesbians in Iraq has deteriorated .
Ridiculed under Hussein , many now find themselves the targets of violence , according to humanitarian officials .
Lesbians are also victims of harassment and violence , but not nearly as often as gay men .
It 's unknown how many homosexuals have been killed by militias in the lawless streets of Iraq 's cities , but some Web sites post pictures of Iraqis they say were killed for being gay .
One photo on the Iraqi Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender site shows a group of men standing around three male bodies sprawled on a street , blood pouring from their heads .
" Gay Iraqi victims of the police and death squads , " the site says .
A U.N. report on human rights in Iraq reinforces the accusations of violence .
Although gays are supposed to be protected by law in Iraq , it says , they face extreme brutality .
" Armed Islamic groups and militias have been known to be particularly hostile toward homosexuals , frequently and openly engaging in violent campaigns against them , " the report said , adding that homosexuals have been murdered .
" Militias are reportedly threatening families of men believed to be homosexual , stating that they will begin killing family members unless the men are handed over or killed by the family , " it said .
The report was issued at the end of 2006 and is the last U.N. study to touch on the subject .
Human rights experts say homosexuals are targeted for cultural reasons as well .
" Gay men and lesbians in Iraq face a lot of risks right now , because homosexuality is sometimes interpreted by people in Iraq as being a Western import , " said Scott Portman with the Heartland Alliance , a group that promotes human rights worldwide .
" So they can sometimes be targeted by insurgent groups or militias , in part , because of animosity toward the West and , in part , because homosexuality is not well - accepted in Iraqi society . "
He added , " the biggest threats right now are from militia organizations , who will attack and actually sometimes kill gay men and women . "
Kamal and Rami say the dangers are all too real in Baghdad -- and they live in secrecy not to shame their families .
" I would rather commit suicide than allow my family to find out I am gay , " Rami said .
Kamal said he often pretends to have girlfriends in social settings and tells his friends he 's dating girls .
" I am also careful with the way I dress -- not to show them that I am gay , especially my family . "
What would his family do if they found out ?
" They will force me to give it up , and I can not do that , " he said .
" The ' normal ' people cannot live in Iraq .
Imagine how the life is for gays . "
Rami added , " I do not know why people hate gays even though so many have this tendency .
But still they hate it . "
Homosexuality is a touchy subject for many Iraqis .
When CNN asked Iraqis in Baghdad how they felt about homosexuals , we found intolerance to be widespread .
One man said he considers gays no different from " criminals and terrorists . "
Another claimed that homosexuality was " illegal under Islamic law , and [ gays ] should be punished by law like criminals . "
Rami said he once fell in love with a man who was part of the Mehdi Army , a Shiite insurgent group loyal to the radical anti-American cleric Muqtada al - Sadr .
Their relationship eventually soured .
" One day he told me he would come over to my house and kill me in front of my family , " Rami said .
" I told him I would come outside and be killed in the street because I do not want my family to find out I am gay . "
Both men hope to escape Iraq .
They say their ideal destination would be San Francisco , California .
For now , both of them keep their feelings secret .
Kamal is still tormented by what happened to him nearly three years ago .
" During my sleep , I only see nightmares , and I start crying .
My family thought it was because they were beating me . "
He paused .
" Only my close friend Rami knows about this secret . "
All About War and Conflict • Iraq War • Gay and Lesbian Relationships
Indymedia is fairly slow to update .
The best and fastest way to stay informed about breaking news is to join the climatecamp twitter .
text join send a text to 07624801423 with the message FOLLOW CLIMATECAMPyou will receive a confirmation message which you must reply to with a username of your choice .
You will not be charged to receive the news alerts but you will pay for the two texts you send to sign up .
SeeP.S.
The police harassment over the last few days is clearly designed to disrupt and intimidate - blatant political policing intended to discourage people from attending and to marginalise the movement .
Do n't let it work !!!
Phone your friends , talk to work mates , get them down here !
· UN resolution would have cut arms sales to Mugabe · Outcome raises doubts over world 's ability to act
British and US efforts to apply punitive pressure on Robert Mugabe were abruptly undermined last night when Russia and China vetoed a UN security council resolution seeking sanctions against Zimbabwe .
The resolution , calling for an arms embargo , and financial and travel restrictions on Mugabe and 13 other regime leaders , was backed by nine nations but foundered on the vetoes of the two permanent members .
The arms embargo would have affected Russian and Chinese weapons exporters .
The outcome at UN headquarters in New York will raise questions about the international community 's ability to act decisively against Mugabe and his Zanu - PF ringleaders who orchestrated the violence that disfigured Zimbabwe 's election run -off last month .
Mugabe was declared the victor after his opponent , Morgan Tsvangirai , pulled out citing the absurdity of holding a vote while dozens of opposition members were being beaten , arrested and killed .
Britain's ambassador to the UN , Sir John Sawers , said the security council " failed to shoulder its responsibility to do what it can to prevent a national tragedy deepening and spreading its effects across southern Africa " .
He said the Chinese followed the Russian lead and that neither had made any effort to discuss the resolution .
" They simply opposed what was on the table . "
David Miliband , the foreign secretary , expressed disappointment at the outcome , and added that the diplomatic stalemate would be " incomprehensible " to the people of Zimbabwe .
He added that Russia 's veto was particularly hard to understand because Moscow appeared earlier this week to back action against Zimbabwe at the G8 summit in Japan .
" In particular , it will appear incomprehensible to the people of Zimbabwe that Russia , which committed itself at the G8 only a few days ago to take further steps including introducing financial and other sanctions , should today stand in the way of timely and decisive security council action . "
Gordon Brown persuaded his G8 counterparts to adopt a tough stance , and thought he had prevailed when the summit issued a statement calling for urgent mediation and the appointment of a UN special envoy , and threatening " financial and other measures against those individuals responsible for violence " .
But security council unanimity was a tougher ask .
South Africa , Mugabe 's leading regional patron , has argued that its neighbour is not a threat to world peace .
China has resisted measures it sees as meddling in Zimbabwe 's internal affairs .
Russia 's UN ambassador , Vitaly Churkin , said there was no mandate to impose sanctions on Zimbabwe because there was no threat to international peace and security .
" The development of the situation in Zimbabwe until now has not exceeded the context of domestic affairs , " said China 's UN ambassador , Wang Guangya .
" It will unavoidably interfere with the negotiation process . "
They were joined by Libya and Vietnam in vetoing the resolution .
The US , France , Britain , Belgium , Burkino Faso , Costa Rica , Croatia , Italy and Panama voted in favour .
Indonesia abstained .
The US insisted that Zimbabwe was a threat to regional security .
" There should be no doubt that what is happening in Zimbabwe affects peace and security in the region , " said a state department spokesman , Robert McInturff .
Violence in Zimbabwe shows no signs of abating .
The opposition Movement for Democratic Change says 113 of its activists have been killed since March .
Many of the wounded have sustained horrific burns and other telltale signs of torture .
Yesterday , the MDC said another official , Gift Mutsvungunu , had been murdered .
His body was found partly burned and with eyes gouged out in a suburb of Harare , Reuters reported .
Regional powers have tried to encourage Mugabe to meet his opponents halfway in a government of national unity .
Low - level contacts have been held in South Africa , under the auspices of South African mediators , but neither side is talking up the process .
Diplomats have in any case become frustrated at the pace and direction of South African intervention .
" Mbeki 's mediation has n't made any progress , " said Sawers .
" We were looking to strengthen those mediation efforts and now will have to look for alternative ways of doing that . "
This is a guest post by freelance environmental writer Tom Schueneman , publisher of GlobalWarmingisReal.com
The debate on whether to lift the Congressional moratorium on offshore drilling and open up the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge ( ANWR ) in Alaska rages on in its acrimonious glory , yet one point has been mostly drowned out in all the posturing – if we need more domestic sources of oil , then why are we exporting 1.8 million barrels of it every day ?
There is at least one voice in government asking this question .
Representative Edward J. Markey , Chairman of the Select Committee on Energy Independence , sent a public letter to George Bush on Tuesday , saying , in a nutshell ,
“ Mr. President , keep our oil at home ”
Oil exports increased to 1.806 million barrels per day in May , the last month for which data is available , an increase from 1.433 million barrels a year prior .
In February of this year , oil exports reached their highest level ever , according to Markey .
Almost 10 % of U.S. daily consumption of oil .
Well , there you go .
An instant source of domestic oil !
No need to wait 10 or 12 years for oil from offshore or ANWR .
As Markey notes in his letter ( pdf ) , the Department of Energy projects that at peak production , around 2030 , offshore oil drilling would produce about 200,000 barrels per day .
We currently export 9 times what increased offshore drilling is estimated to produce at its peak .
Markey points out that by the time the first offshore rig produced the first drop of oil , we ’ll have exported 40 % of the estimated reserves in protected areas offshore .
What gives ?
Why this sudden clamoring for ever more sources of oil development when easier , safer , more effective options exist ?
Sure , Big Oil has a stranglehold on politicians .
But any entrenched status quo is hard to shake loose ; does n’t mean we should throw up our hands and go watch American Idol .
We need also to look at ourselves as a society and our own expectations .
Gas goes to $ 4 a gallon and Americans “ demand action , ” assuming – demanding – that cheap gas and “ easy oil ” last forever .
It ’s time to wake up to the real world .
On one hand we criticize politicians for being “ politically expedient ” and on the other we crucify them if they dare to suggest that we are on an unsustainable path .
We need to ask our politicians tough questions and be willing to accept tough answers .
We could start with asking why 10 % of our daily oil consumption is exported instead of kept at home , and if we ’d really need any offshore drilling if we simply did that ?
The time for delusion and distraction is over .
We get the leaders we deserve .
Ouch , now that hurts !
Photo Credit : iStockPhoto.com
The bridge links Shanghai to the industrial city of Ningbo across Hangzhou Bay , cutting the distance between them from about 250 miles to just 50 miles .
A 22 - mile bridge that its builders claim is the world 's longest sea-crossing structure was formally linked - up Tuesday just south of the business hub of Shanghai .
The 36 km ( 22.5 mile ) road bridge stretches across the mouth of Hangzhou Bay in the East China Sea .
Officials plan to open the structure next year , once feeder roads and toll booths have been completed .
While it is the longest sea bridge ever built , it is around 2 km short of the bridge across Lake Pontchartrain in the US state of Louisiana .
The bridge , which will have six lanes and allow traffic to travel at 100 km /h , will shorten the distance between China 's commercial capital , Shanghai , and the major industrial port of Ningbo by 120 km .
In a break with tradition , private firms provided almost a third of the investment needed for the project , which cost a total of $ 1.4bn .
Watch video online
video 2
In addition to spying on your phone calls and private information , China has been working with engineers to monitor the structural integrity of the
Beijing National Stadium with a special system of hardware and software .
The China Earthquake Administration hired
CGM Engineering and National Instruments to develop and install a structural health monitoring system in the stadium in early 2008 .
Sensors installed throughout the stadium measure vibration frequencies , which are transmitted to a computer with graphical monitoring software ;
a GPS module is used to keep everything in sync .
If frequencies are deemed unsafe , stadium officials can be instructed to make necessary renovations .
Engineers across the globe have been stressing the importance of structural health monitoring , since structures over time only get weaker .
So when you 're visiting China and writing e-mails and blogs backwards , just remember – the government cares about your safety , too .
( Photo credit : Don Domingo / Flickr )
I 'd go a little further myself .
It 's the most irresponsible decision by any leading presidential candidate since Bush picked Quayle .
For Charles , it must be a little insulting to have worked many years thinking about foreign policy in high office , and to be facing a potentially catastrophic period of war in the Middle East and find that a woman whose expertise is in fishing , snowboarding and oil - drilling has been deemed worthy of leading the free world at the drop of a hat .
But that 's how seriously McCain takes national security .
This was about marketing not governing ; hiring for appearance not competence .
And they did it - without apparent irony - on the anniversary of Katrina as another hurricane threatens .
From from being a reversal of the Bush administration 's worst instincts , McCain seems itent on recreating it - as farce .
Heckuva Job , Sarah .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Located on the top of One Rincon Hill in San Francisco , this liquid tuned mass damper is “ an enormous storage tank and it ’s full of water – at maximum capacity , approximately 100,000 gallons of the stuff . ”
Video after the break .
well , one rincon hill ’s water tank is a different technology designed to battle a similar problem .
as the tower sways one way , the water in the tank naturally moves in the opposite direction , the force helping to dampen the building�s movement .
hence the name .
This is a 5:15 p.m. update of a story posted originally at 1:14 this afternoon .
HOLYOKE - Mayor Michael J. Sullivan announced his decision today to suspend three police officers for 15 days without pay due their involvement in a bar fight while off duty on Dec. 18 .
" It 's something I hope the Holyoke Police Department and the city of Holyoke can put behind us , " Sullivan said Tuesday .
But the three officers have appealed the decision to the state .
And a lawyer for one of the officers described Sullivan 's decision to uphold Police Chief Anthony R. Scott 's recommendation to suspend the officers as nonsense since one officer was never charged of any criminal wrongdoing and the two other officers were found not guilty of all charges in court in relation to the incident .
One of the defense lawyers , Aaron Wilson , was critical of the chief for accepting the testimony of the three residents who were involved in the incident over that of the off - duty officers .
" He deserted his men , " he said of Scott .
Wilson represents his son , officer Joseph H. Wilson , who faces a 15 day suspension without pay along with two fellow officers : Timothy D. Skwira and Sean C. Shattuck .
Scott declined to comment on Sullivan 's decision .
Sullivan , who is the appointing authority for the police department , reached his decision Monday after holding a grievance hearing Aug. 4 concerning the suspensions and deliberating for one week .
Sullivan did not publicly release his decision until today since he was unable to contact the officers in person until Tuesday .
Sullivan said he was immediately informed on Tuesday by the president of police officers union that the union was appealing the decision .
The appeal will be decided upon by the state Human Resources Department , Sullivan said .
Such a decision could take several months , Sullivan added .
In the meantime , Sullivan said , the state agency will need to rule whether the officers wait to be suspended or serve their suspensions within the next three months as proposed by Sullivan and be reimbursed later if the state decides to overturn the suspensions .
Sullivan sent a five page letter to each officer outlining the reasons for the suspensions .
Sullivan said Tuesday he based his decision on the officers ' testimony .
" My discipline was all based on their testimony , " Sullivan said .
" They said they were gang members and guns were involved and threats were made to their families . "
Sullivan said that the officers should have reported the incident immediately to a commanding officer .
" They have no one to blame but themselves , " Sullivan said .
During a trial in late May and early June , in which Shattuck and Wilson faced charges of assault and battery in connection with the Dec. 18 incident , the officers testified that they heard one of the patrons in Pal Joey 's bar on Northampton Street talking about a pistol in Spanish .
At the request of the bar owner , the three officers escorted three people out of the bar , including Christopher Martinez , whom the officers were accused of beating up .
The Palmer District Court jury on June 2 found Shattuck and Wilson not guilty of all charges in connection with the incident .
Skwira was never charged .
Aaron Wilson represented his son at the five - day trial .
On Tuesday , he reiterated that the officers did nothing wrong .
" Police officers get threatened every day of their life , " he said .
" It 's no big deal to them . "
As for not reporting the incident immediately to a superior officer , Aaron Wilson said the officers did not do so since an investigation into the case began immediately on the morning of Dec. 18 .
" The truth of the matter is the chief overreacted , " Wilson said .
All three officers were suspended with pay immediately after the Dec. 18 incident .
Skwira reported back to work soon afterwards .
Shattuck and Wilson returned to work on June 6 .
Then last month , Scott requested five day suspensions without pay for all three officers .
Scott also recommended the three officers be suspended without pay for additional time .
Scott requested that Skwira be suspended for an additional 30 days , Wilson for 55 days and Shattuck for 115 days .
Sullivan decided to suspend the officers without pay for 15 days since , he said , " they were all equally culpable .
I do n't think there was any distinction . "
" I owned a bar for 15 years , " Sullivan added .
" I know how to get people out of a bar .
You get people outside and close the door . "
Feingold on FISA : Elect Obama to reverse ' terrible legislation ' Nick Langewis and David Edwards
Published : Wednesday July 9 , 2008
Print This Email This MSNBC's Rachel Maddow asked : " What if Congress had responded to Watergate by immunizing the executive branch 's lawbreakers and giving Richard Nixon sweeping new powers to snoop ?
" Oh , wait !
They just did !
They just took thirty years or so to get around to it . "
H.R. 6304 , updating the 1978 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , was passed by the Senate and awaits a pleased President Bush 's signature Wednesday .
The bill grants the executive branch virtually unchecked power to monitor Americans ' electronic communications originating , or terminating , overseas , and immunizes from civil lawsuits the telecommunications companies that agreed to help the NSA eavesdrop on such communications without obtaining the proper warrants through the FISA court .
The people have a right to be disappointed in the Senate 's approval of the new FISA bill , Senator Russ Feingold ( D - WI ) told Maddow .
However , the best remedy , he said , is a Democratic president , particularly a President Obama .
The legislation is a " catastrophe , " Feingold lamented , and it " needs to be fixed at some point . "
" This is a sad moment , " he said .
" It really is a black mark , not only on the Democrats , but on the Congress and really the history of our country .
And the same thing , Rachel , happened with regard to the PATRIOT Act , when we tried to fix it after it had been passed in a flawed way .
There was this period of strength where Democrats held firm , and then they collapsed ; and the same thing happened again here .
This administration , despite its weakness , somehow is able to raise the specter of being , as they say , ' soft on terrorism , ' and unfortunately , Democrats , who can be so strong on domestic issues , somehow collapse .
And that 's exactly what happened .
This is a terrible piece of legislation .
It 's one of the greatest assaults on the Constitution , I think , in the history of our country .
We are going to have to fix it , but it is a dark hour for the Constitution . "
Opining that Congress was arguing " for its own impotence , " Maddow wondered what effect the 69 - 28 vote would have on the public 's image of either major party 's responsible stewardship of executive power .
Feingold conceded that public disappointment following gains for Democrats in the 2006 elections was understandable , but said that a Democratic president , " in particular , Barack Obama , should allow us to greatly change this mistake . "
" Barack Obama believes in the Constitution , " he continued .
" He 's a constitutional scholar .
I believe that he will have a better chance to look at these powers that have been given to the executive branch , [ even though ] he 'll be running the executive branch .
I think he will understand and help take the lead in fixing some of the worst provisions . "
" I do think that people have a right to be disappointed , " he went on , " but they also have a right to hope for change - - on this issue , in particular -- starting in January . "
" It is heartening to hear your optimism on the prospect of Obama 's presidency on this issue , " Maddow responded , " but of course his vote today let a lot of us who see this as a real abrogation of the Fourth Amendment to be very concerned . "
Among those ranks is constitutional scholar Jonathan Turley , who called the bill an " evisceration " of the Fourth Amendment during a recent interview with MSNBC's Keith Olbermann , returning to Countdown on Tuesday to air his astonishment and disappointment .
Senator and presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama ( D - IL ) , a Harvard Law graduate and former professor of constitutional law at the University of Chicago Law School , backed an amendment to the bill stripping the proposed immunity , but ultimately voted for the final bill with the immunity provisions intact .
More of the interview can be viewed below , as broadcast on MSNBC's Countdown on July 9 , 2008 .
Download video
The InnoDB storage engine has done wonders for MySQL users that needed higher concurrency than MyISAM could provide for demanding web applications .
And the automatic crash recovery is a real bonus too .
But InnoDB 's performance ( in terms of concurrency , not really raw speed ) comes at a cost : disk space .
The technique for achieving this , multiversion concurrency control , can chew up a lot of space .
In fact , that Wikipedia article says :
The obvious drawback to this system is the cost of storing multiple versions of objects in the database .
On the other hand reads are never blocked , which can be important for workloads mostly involving reading values from the database .
Indeed .
Imagine a set of database tables will tens of millions of rows and a non-trivial amount of churn ( new records coming in and old ones being expired or removed all the time ) .
You might see this in something like a large classifieds site , for example .
Furthermore imagine that you 're using master - slave replication and the majority of reads hit the slaves .
And some of those slaves are specifically used for longer running queries .
It turns out that the combination of versioning , heavy churn , and long running queries can lead to a substantial difference in the size of a given InnoDB data file ( .ibd ) on disk .
Just how much of a difference are we talking about ?
Easily a factor of 4 - 5 x or more .
And when you 're dealing with hundreds of gigabytes , that starts to add up !
It 's no secret that InnoDB is n't the best choice for data warehouse looking applications .
But the disk bloat , fragmentation , and ongoing degradation in performance may be an argument for having some slaves that keep the same data in MyISAM tables .
I know , I know .
I can do the ALTER TABLE trick to make InnoDB shrink the table by copying all the rows to a new one , but that does take time .
Using InnoDB is definitely not a use it and forget about it choice -- but what database engine is , really ?.
Looking at the documentation for the InnoDB plug - in , I expect to see a real reduction in I/O when using the new indexes and compression on a data set like this .
( Others sure have . )
But I do n't yet have a sense of how stable it is .
Anyone out there in blog - land have much experience with it ?
Posted by jzawodn at August 12 , 2008 01:05 PM
August 4 , 2008
Violence Against Men
A British taxi driver was robbed of everything -- his family life , his social life , his credibility , his livelihood , his money , and the well - being of his children .
The perp , a 17 - year - old girl who falsely accused him off rape , got off with a two - month wrist - slap : two months in jail .
And they wo n't even print her name in the paper .
Joe Sinclair writes in the Yorkshire Evening Post :
Taxi driver Aftab Ahmed , 44 , of Allerton , Bradford , was accused of rape in January last year after driving the girl home .
The 17 - year - old had been out drinking in Bradford city centre with her sister and friends before they put her in his taxi .
The girl , from Shipley , West Yorkshire , who cannot be identified for legal reasons , pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice when her case came to trial last month .
Speaking after she was sentenced to a four - month detention and training order at Bradford Magistrates ' Court , Mr Ahmed said the girl had " destroyed " his life .
The teenager was told she would serve two months in custody , but the married father of 11 - year - old twin daughters said : " Today is the worst day of my life , I can't imagine that the person who destroyed a whole family got only two months .
...
She should be named and shamed . "
She absolutely should .
And I believe those who can be proven to have falsely accused someone else of rape should be made to serve the time the falsely accused would 've , and pay restitution as well .
That said , how , really , do you ever give this guy back what he lost and repay him for the pain he and wife and his kids must have gone through ?
And , all because he picked up the wrong drunk brat and tried to get her home safely .
Here 's a ruined life a little closer to home : a doctor who lost everything after being accused of rape , and under the most unbelievable circumstances , in an excerpt from a Pulitzer - winning piece by the WSJ's Dorothy Rabinowitz :
They were , indeed , remarkable charges .
If the accusation were to be believed , the defense attorney pointed out , Dr. Griffin had decided in the midst of his examination , to place his tongue in a vagina swimming in fecal matter thanks to the condition in which the patient arrived for her colonoscopy .
And he had chosen to do this in a thinly curtained room surrounded by staff workers four feet away , a room in which his assistants could enter any moment .
Dr. Griffin had , in his career , performed close to 9,000 colonoscopies and endoscopies without ever having shown such proclivities -- and now , the defense argument went , of all the women he might have violated he had decided to sodomize one in this condition ? ...
There would be an additional charge of sex abuse , on Ms. Jeffreys 's complaint , that while performing her colonoscopy the doctor touched her vagina .
On the stand Ms. Jeffreys told of the apprehension she had felt about testifying , the strength she had needed to endure .
As became clear early in the proceedings , the complaining witness had nothing to fear in this courtroom , where she was given singular protection from questions that might raise questions about her credibility .
Judge Kahn prohibited the defense from raising instances of the complainant 's alleged perjury in the civil case against her landlord , and in testimony before the Office of Professional and Medical Conduct .
The defense could not raise her prior meritless litigation , her history of financial trouble , her string of bounced checks , nor could the jury know the millions she was asking in her suit against the doctor -- all issues that could establish motive and a willingness to lie for financial gain .
Shockingly , Griffin was convicted .
The conviction was reversed .
Shockingly , the Manhattan D.A. 's office mounted another trial :
The atmosphere of the second trial and the rulings from the bench bore small resemblance to that of the first .
Unpreoccupied with imperatives like the need to encourage rape victims to come forward , Judge Jeffrey Atlas afforded the defense the standard rights of cross-examination .
The judge also precluded any attempt to inject the race of the complaining witness , a black woman , as prosecutor Fleming had done at the first trial .
At this trial , attorney Callan described the effects of Demerol and Versed , a drug known to produce memory loss and sexual fantasy -- noting , for instance , that women going into labor are not given Versed because its power is such it will wipe out the memory of the birth .
When it was all over , five weeks ago , and the verdict of the jury due , Dr. Griffin went to church to say a prayer and then to court where he waited , head bowed .
He did not have long to wait before the jurors filed in , looking straight at him , some smiling , and then the foreman announced his acquittal .
The doctor broke down in tears and there were tears , too , in the eyes of some of the jurors -- whose views of the prosecutors ' case was evidently shared by the judge .
After the trial , Judge Atlas asked attorney Callan why the doctor had n't waived a jury trial .
" I would have had your client acquitted two days ago , " the judge told him .
Uncertainly gathering the shards of a career , the doctor -- still stripped of his medical license -- has , as they say , no immediate plans .
It will take a lot more than a license to restore the world lost to him when the tort lawyers and the District Attorney 's Sex Crimes Unit descended .
via Glenn Sacks
*
Compared to past conventions , lawmakers , lobbyists and candidates are n’t beating a path to St. Paul .
Enthusiasm gap plagues GOP convention
While excitement is building for a Democratic Party convention capped by Barack Obama ’s historic acceptance speech before a sold - out , 75,000 - seat football stadium , the GOP convention the following week is shaping up to be a considerably more staid affair , marked by the conspicuous absence of many of the usual convention attendees .
Republicans are n’t exactly planning to avoid the convention in droves .
But compared to past conventions , lawmakers , lobbyists and candidates are n’t beating a path to St. Paul either .
Advertisement
Of the 12 Republicans running in competitive Senate races — five of whom are incumbents — only three have said they will be attending the convention .
Six are definite no - shows , and three are on the fence .
“ Nobody likes a funeral , ” said a Senate Republican press secretary who spoke on the condition of anonymity , citing “ the overall climate of general malaise about the party ” as the reason for hesitance on the part of Republicans .
On the House side , according to a report in The Hill , during a July 31 conference call National Republican Campaign Committee Chairman Tom Cole of Oklahoma discouraged congressional hopefuls from attending , saying that doing so would potentially be a “ waste of time . ”
At least a handful of Republican incumbents , ranging from vulnerable incumbents such as Jon C. Porter and Dean Heller , both of Nevada , to safe veteran members such as Jim Sensenbrenner Jr. of Wisconsin and Sue Myrick of North Carolina , have also decided to stay home this year .
“ While the congressman believes spending time with the delegates and the party faithful is productive , he is focused on campaigning in his district and ensuring that we keep Nevada red , ” said Matt Leffingwell , Porter 's press secretary .
The political environment is just one explanation behind the absence of convention fever .
Many GOP lobbyists also have decided the convention is n’t worth the trip — despite the seemingly limitless networking and schmoozing opportunities — in part because of logistics and location .
In 2004 , D.C. - based conventioneers could zip in and out of New York City by train .
The 2000 convention in Philadelphia was an even shorter ride .
St. Paul , by contrast , requires a flight halfway across the country from Washington — and , of course , the maddening hassle of air travel .
The convention dates are n’t great either because opening day falls on Labor Day , which for parents marks the beginning of the school year .
That ’s asking a lot of attendees , some of whom question whether , as a destination , the Twin Cities will be worth the aggravation .
“ I would definitely say that people are n’t as excited about going to Minneapolis as they were about going to New York City , ” said Matthew Keelen , president of the Keelen Group , a D.C. - based lobbying firm .
“ Minneapolis is a nice city , but it does n’t quite have the environment and reputation of a New York City , and I think 2004 was a unique convention and a lot of it had to do with where it was , ” he said .
“ Overall , Republicans have an intensity problem , ” added a top Republican lobbyist who requested anonymity .
“ I have a lot of friends that are just not going that have gone in years past . ”
One Republican lobbyist interviewed by Politico said that of all the Republicans in his firm , only half were attending this year 's convention .
The lack of enthusiasm has been a source of frustration for venue owners close to the convention hall at the Xcel Center .
Some of them were struggling until recently to meet their reservation expectations .
“ We certainly were n’t alone , a lot of venues had n’t heard anything and were kind of wondering what might of happened , ” said David Miller , general manager of the St. Paul Hotel .
Republicans are n’t the only ones who appear less than passionate about their national convention .
TV
One , a new cable network aimed at African - American viewers , plans to cover the Democratic convention but not the GOP’s .
Rock the Vote , a nonpartisan group that strives to promote youth involvement in the political process , has an elaborate “ Ballot Bash ” fundraiser scheduled in Denver , which features , according the group ’s website , “ a live concert featuring exclusive performances and collaborations by marquee artists ” in addition to an after - party of “ world class DJ ’s VIPS and celebrity guests . ”
But for the GOP convention , Rock the Vote has more modest aspirations , featuring a “ Premier Women ’s Event : Political Chicks A Go Go , ” sponsored by Lifetime television network and Right Now ! with no notable music acts or VIPs .
“ As of right now there ’s not an equal amount [ of events ] but we ’re working to get it that way , ” said Rock the Vote spokeswoman Stephanie Young , who cited “ space issues ” as part of the reason for the disparity .
Regardless , the Republican National Committee says the level of excitement will be parallel to that of past conventions .
" We 're confident that we 're going to have a great national convention with enthusiastic participation from Republicans nationwide who are working hard every day to elect John McCain in November , ” said Amber Wilkerson , an RNC spokeswoman .
Several of the Republicans interviewed contended that the goal is n’t necessarily to compete with the Democratic convention .
“ We ’re not having a rock concert at a stadium , but yet Republicans are looking at good polling data right now , they ’re looking at a candidate who ’s getting his sea legs right now , ” said Edward Kutler , a Republican lobbyist for Clark and Weinstock .
“ I really think there is growing enthusiasm about what John McCain is doing and saying . ”
Wt is a freely available library and application server ( www.webtoolkit.eu/wt) that lets C++ programmers write modern web applications using a familiar C++ GUI programming style .
Wt then renders the C++ applications to the web browser .
Figure 1 , for instance , is a running
Wt application a functional look - alike of the GMail composer , fully AJAX enabled , and written entirely in C++ using CSS for the markup .
From a programmer 's perspective , the Wt API is similar to those offered by libraries such as Qt , Gtk , wxWindows , and the like .
However , instead of rendering widgets to Windows / X11 / windows ,
Wt incrementally renders the widgets in web browsers .
Wt completely hides the underlying web technologies ( HTML , AJAX , XML , CGI , JavaScript , and DHTML ) , chooses a rendering and session - management strategy depending on browser capabilities , and deals with browser dialects .
Browser - side events such as button clicks , mouse movements , and drag - and - drop events are transparently converted into server - side events using
Wt 's signal / slot mechanism .
Wt comes with a dynamic C++- to - JavaScript translation mechanism to avoid the high - latency server roundtrip for simple visual updates , while sticking to a single C++ specification of the event - handling code .
While
Wt 's rendering engine preferably uses AJAX for incremental rendering of updates made to the widget tree , Wt applications also work when AJAX or JavaScript are not available ( or disabled ) .
By exposing only a widget - level API , the library can guarantee protection against the most common cross - site scripting ( XSS ) attacks , by built - in and automatic filtering of displayed strings for malicious tags .
Figure 1 : A running Wt application .
Being a native C++ library , web applications developed with
Wt typically enjoy greater efficiency and a smaller footprint than Java or Ruby solutions .
As such , Wt lends itself to devices where efficiency and footprint matters , like in embedded applications .
afterdowningstreet.org
By David Swanson
Your hard work has resulted in Congress cracking open the door to impeachment , justice , and peace .
How can you keep it open ?
A lot of us have our own favorite impeachable offenses – mine is the Iraq war – but a lot of them are not about to go anywhere in Congress .
The impeachable offenses that appear to have the most traction among congress members ( i.e. very little ) are :
1 . The numerous violations of laws combined with the announcement of the intention to violate those laws through signing statements .
( I say it in this longwinded way , because just abbreviating it to “ signing statements ” allows people to pretend to miss the point . )
2 . The numerous refusals to comply with requests , subpoenas , and contempt citations .
It has always been predictable , and predicted , that these would have the most traction ( because nonpartisan , non-controversial , no congressional complicity , no investigation needed , clearcut and simple ) , and it has become clear that – as predicted – they DO in fact have the most traction .
We ’d all LOVE to nail these fascist bastards for our favorite offenses , but we ’d also all HATE for them to get off scott free , thereby establishing a precedent for future presidents ; and when they nailed Al Capone for tax fraud everybody understood exactly why they ’d done so .
What is needed is pressure on every member of Congress to themselves pressure Conyers , including by signing Wexler ’s letter at http://wexlerwantshearings.com
So , please call your Representative every day at ( 202 ) 224-3121 , focus on the issues that have the most traction , and urge them to ask Conyers to hold a real impeachment hearing .
Remember that in an impeachment hearing the excuse of “ executive privilege ” is not allowed .
A subpoena must simply be obeyed or those who refuse to obey it can be impeached .
Of secondary value is trying to get your Representative to introduce new articles of impeachment or new resolutions calling for impeachment hearings .
So , any lengthy communications with your Rep should include that ask .
The third most important thing to do is to contact media outlets and urge them to cover impeachment , and contact polling companies and urge them to poll on impeachment .
The fourth most important thing to do is to support pro-impeachment candidates for Congress and make certain the incumbents know about it .
Do n’t just send a check .
First send a photocopy of it to the incumbent letting them know why they are n’t getting one .
Now is the time to move on this with everything we ’ve got .
We ’ve opened the door and must not allow it to close again .
( Original Article )
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Monday , June 2 , 2008 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH Creating Malicous PDF Files Posted by Mikko @ 19:46 GMT
Yesterday 's post discussed a mystery PDF file that was booby trapped to drop a backdoor .
Today we 'll look at how these documents are created .
Here 's an example of a tool called Y08 - 40 aka GenMDB .
When run , it displays this user interface :
The apparent purpose of this tool is to create trojanized PDF files .
You select which EXE you want to embed , which PDF file you want to trojanize , and which platform you expect the victim to be using .
Cool .
Now , the real question is this :
How on earth did we get our hands on such a tool ?
You 'd never guess it .
We received it inside a trojanized PDF file .
Here 's what we believe happened :
Someone , somewhere was using this tool for the first time .
They did a test run , selecting a random PDF file and a random EXE to create a trojanized PDF , just as a test .
As a random EXE , they selected — wait for it — GenMDB.EXE itself !
Then the perpetrator was probably curious to find out if the trojan PDF would be detected by virus scanners or not .
So he uploaded the trojanized PDF to an online scanner .
Hey , thanks .
Keep up the good work .
Greens Support Ban On Water !
" The Green Party 's support for a ban on water in New Zealand shows how naïve and unscientific the Greens are and illustrates why the Government should ignore their extreme views to ban genetic technologies from New Zealand " , says National 's Environment spokesperson Nick Smith .
In an email response to a spoof highlighting all the dangers and deaths from water , Green MP Sue Kedgley 's office said she was ' absolutely supportive ' of a ban on dihydrogen monoxide in New Zealand .
" The Greens ' support for a ban on dihydrogen monoxide shows just how scientifically illiterate the party is .
They would ban anything if it has a slightly scientific name , regardless of the fact that all life would cease without water , " Dr Smith said .
The email on dihydrogen monoxide points out it is a colourless , odourless , tasteless chemical used in all sorts of dangerous industries and that in gaseous form it causes thousands of burns ; in liquid form millions of deaths from overdose ( drowning ) , and in its solid state causes tissue damage .
" This spoof pulled on the Greens is not indifferent to that which they have pulled on New Zealanders in their campaign against gene technology .
They have highlighted all of the dangers of gene technology , but ignored the huge benefits the new technology can offer to mankind .
The 31,000 diabetics who survive because of GM - produced insulin is just one example .
" Gene technology , just like water , offers both benefits and risks .
The Government must reject the scientifically illiterate Greens and instead support the Royal Commission 's proposals for sensible controls on this new technology , " Dr Smith said .
Ends
© Scoop Media
The Twin Towers collapsed after being hit by hijacked airliners Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has described the 9/11 attacks on the Twin Towers in New York as a " suspect event " and queried the death toll .
" A building collapsed and they said 3,000 people had been killed but never published their names , " he said in a speech in the holy city of Qom .
He did not mention the planes hijackers flew into the twin skyscrapers .
On the fifth anniversary , the names of 2,749 people killed in New York were read out at a ceremony .
" Four or five years ago a suspect event took place in New York , " President Ahmadinejad said .
" Under this pretext they [ the United States ] attacked Afghanistan and Iraq and since then a million people have been killed only in Iraq , " he said in the speech broadcast on state - run television .
In figures : Iraq violence Estimates of the number of lives lost in Iraq vary .
A World Health Organization survey in January this year suggested that 151,000 civilians had died between March 2003 and June 2006 .
This was roughly in line with Iraqi government estimates , although one study in the Lancet medical journal put the toll at 655,000 , while a UK - based polling agency suggested in September 2007 that up to 1.2 m people may have died because of the conflict .
The Iranian president made similar remarks about 9/11 last week , on the country 's national nuclear day .
" How is it possible that with the best radar systems and intelligence networks , the planes could crash undetected into the towers ? " he asked .
Mr Ahmadinejad did not say on Wednesday who he believed had been behind the attacks .
In November 2001 , his predecessor as Iranian president , Mohammad Khatami , condemned " the horrific terrorist attacks " of 9/11 in a speech to the UN General Assembly in New York .
They had , he said , been carried out by " a cult of fanatics who had self - mutilated their ears and tongues " .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
For months , the Democratic - controlled Congress and the Bush administration have been locked in a potentially historic battle over whether top White House aides will ever testify about the controversial firings of federal prosecutors in late 2006 .
But now these two branches of government may have hit a roadblock on their way to a constitutional confrontation .
A federal judge on June 23 appeared very reluctant to rule on the administration 's broad claim of executive privilege in the case .
Historically , the judiciary has been hesitant to meddle in this area unless the stakes are clear and high .
" Whether I rule for the executive branch or I rule for the legislative branch , I 'm going to disrupt the balance [ of powers ] , said US District Judge John Bates .
For Bush officials this attitude may be a bit of good news .
It means a new president will likely be in office before the dispute is resolved – and the next administration , or the next Congress , may decide to just drop the whole thing .
Judge Bates " might just let the clock run out on this , " says Carl Tobias , a law professor at the University of Richmond in Virginia .
At issue in a three - hour hearing in a federal courtroom on June 23 was a demand from the House Judiciary Committee for documents and testimony from the president 's chief of staff , Joshua Bolten , and former counsel , Harriet Miers , about the US attorney dismissals .
Panel members say they need that information to help determine whether the Bush White House improperly politicized some of the nation 's top federal prosecutor jobs .
The Bush administration argues that Mr. Bolten and Ms. Miers are immune from such requests due to executive privilege – the legal doctrine stating that discussions between a president and his advisers can be kept secret .
Congessional - White House disputes over executive privilege are fairly common , but most are settled short of a lawsuit , say analysts .
Courts do n't like to handle them , and for the disputants they take too much time , money , and attention away from other business .
They are generally settled in the political arena , with either Congress or the White House backing down .
Or Congress can use other methods of trying to enforce compliance , including employing its power of the purse to withhold funds requested by the administration .
Judge leery of White House claims
At times in the June 23 hearing , Bates seemed skeptical of the administration 's claims .
In the case , the Justice Department is holding that senior presidential advisers under all circumstances are immune from congressional subpoenas .
But the judge also appeared to side with the argument that Congress perhaps had issued its subpoenas too quickly .
Lawmakers could have refused to confirm further judicial nominees , he said , and waited to see if such pressure produced the desired testimony before rushing to the courthouse .
Bates even mentioned that the House could hold Miers and Bolten in contempt , and order their arrest and detention in the Capitol .
In response , House counsel Irvin B. Nathan said he doubted that arresting a member of the administration would bring a tidy end to such a dispute , and filing a lawsuit was a better way to proceed .
The administration 's claims of executive privilege in this case are exceptionally broad , notes Professor Tobias .
The White House is essentially arguing that all conversations of all senior officials – even those that do n't involve the president – are exempt from court - ordered disclosure .
" Congress probably has the better of the argument here , " says Tobias .
But even if the White House is asking for too much , Congress is asking for quite a bit in terms of disclosure as well , he adds .
The Bush administration may resent what it feels is a fishing expedition , and Bates – a Bush nominee – might agree .
" This is really a very difficult case , " says Tobias .
But it may not be the last such case of the Bush administration .
On June 20 , the president asserted executive privilege in withholding from the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee documents related to the decision of the Environmental Protection Agency to weaken decisions on the control of smog and greenhouse gases .
Claims of interference with EPA
The chairman of the House Oversight panel , Rep. Henry Waxman ( D ) of California contends that the White House intervened with the EPA to produce more industry - friendly smog standards , and to deny California and a dozen other states permission to control greenhouse gases on their own .
The administration has already produced thousands of pages of papers dealing with these decisions , but panel investigators claim some important documents are still being held back .
" I have a clear sense that their assertion of this privilege is self - serving and not based on the appropriate law and rules , " said Representative Waxman on June 20 .
• Material from the Associated Press was used in this report .
Crews in Houston picked up adult diapers all morning long , that spilled off an overturned 18 - wheeler .
The big -rig created some traffic headaches for many morning commuters , while officials picked up the mess .
It 's still not clear what caused the truck to tip on its side .
There were no reported injuries .
Wednesday morning I attended a rooftop “ Convention Conversation ” at the Denver Athletic Club sponsored by The Denver Post , Politico , and Yahoo !
The event featured former Senator Tom Daschle , presidential historian Michael Beschloss , and Representative Rahm Emmanuel .
And though I thought I was late when I rolled in at 8:26 , the busy Rahm Emmanual arrived fashionably late at just around 9 for the 8 AM event .
Fortunately , the breakfast - time meeting did n’t kick off until about 8:45 , after this under - rested , hungry blogger was able to capitalize on some free coffee , fruit and bagels .
The topic on the docket was whether or not Barack Obama had “ the right stuff ” to be the President of the United States .
Panelists discussed the personal qualities that have distinguished the nation ’s greatest presidents and whether or not Obama possesses them .
And while the two Democrats on the panel obviously had a pony in this race , historian Beschloss addressed the issue quite succinctly by saying , “ [ T ] here are lots of qualities that make a good President , but the number of terms in Congress is not usually one of them . ”
Beschloss reminded attendees to look at Lincoln and to look at Reagan , who had never spent a day in Washington before assuming the role as President ( metaphorically speaking ) .
As an aside , I should mention that after hearing and watching Beschloss several times in the past , I have always been impressed with his ability as a raconteur .
A good historian is not only someone who can tell you what happened , but can tell you about what went on behind the scenes when that was happening , and Beschloss definitely has that knack .
Emmannuel ’s angle on the subject was an important one .
He noted the critical job a president has in selecting the inner circle .
“ When you look up from behind the desk in the Oval Office who do you want to see ? ” Emmannuel noted .
On that , when former Senator Daschle got up to leave for another engagement ( as he said he would at the outset ) , Rep. Emmanuel said , “ [ T ] he key to being a good Chief of Staff is knowing when to leave . ”
Perhaps a harbinger of things to come ?
We ’ll see .
Related Posts :
All Photos : © Tim Hurst
SAINT - DENIS DE LA REUNION ( Reuters ) - Ringed by volcanic rock , sandy beaches and the blue swell of the Indian Ocean , France ’s Reunion island is hardly a major polluter .
Jean - Francois Martin , an engineer , checks photovoltaic panels used for tests on top of Reunion 's Technical School ( Institut Universitaire de Technologie ) at Sainte - Pierre in the south of Reunion Island , July 17 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Ed Harris
But hit by rising fuel costs and worried about the impact of global warming , particularly on its delicate flora and fauna , the small island nation has set itself the ambitious goal of cutting its greenhouse gas emissions to zero .
By 2025 , the French territory wants to use renewable energy sources to produce 100 percent of its electricity , and to power all of its transport by 2050 .
“ We have water , sunshine , we even have an active volcano .
We have more energy than we need for our development , ” Paul Verges , president of Reunion ’s regional council , said after Group of Eight ( G8 ) leaders agreed a 50 percent cut in carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) emissions by 2050 .
“ We will be fighting 100 percent against CO2 at the same date that you ( the G8 rich nations ) will be at 50 percent , ” Verges told journalists in July on the sidelines of a biodiversity conference .
Some 36 percent of Reunion ’s electricity already comes from renewables , mostly hydroenergy and sugar cane fiber , bagasse .
But it wants to boost that figure by expanding its existing sources , cutting inefficiencies and exploring new technologies .
“ What ’s possible in Reunion should also be possible in France , and should also be possible for the planet , ” France ’s Overseas Territories Minister Yves Jego told Reuters .
Reunion is expanding its photovoltaic , hydro and wind energy projects to produce up to 750 megawatts ( MW ) , 120 MW and 60 MW respectively , said Jules Dieudonne , head of the Regional Plan for Renewable Energies and the Rational Use of Energy ( PRERURE ) .
“ Our ambition is to have 750 hectares of ( photovoltaic ) panels eventually installed , ” he said .
Some 115 million euros ( $ 180 million ) of public money is being spent between 2007 and 2017 to reach the targets , while preferential costings mean private energy firms get more money to produce electricity from renewable sources than from fossil fuels , he added .
“ Today , we ( wind energy ) are at about 15 megawatts , 16 megawatts .
So there are other projects , which are feasible , ” Serge Borchiellini , the Reunion representative for renewable energy firm Aerowatt , told Reuters , as an onshore breeze made wind turbines behind him whirr .
Biomass from sugar cane fiber and waste will also be part of Reunion ’s power future , while scientists are testing the potential of hydrogen , geothermal energy from La Piton de la Fournaise , one of the world ’s most active volcanoes , and even ocean energy .
Dieudonne said the temperature difference between sea water at the surface and at a 1,000 - metre depth is about 22 degrees Celsius ( 71 F ) .
“ This difference in temperature can allow us to make electric energy , ” he said , also citing possible kinetic energy from the ocean swell .
GROWING DEMAND
But as in other countries , the island ’s rapidly growing energy demands threaten to delay the targets .
Living mostly along the coastline , Reunion ’s population is set to grow more than 20 percent to more than one million people by 2030 from about 800,000 at present .
Reunion ’s average energy consumption per person is growing at 5 percent per year , according to official figures .
“ The big problem in Reunion is the summer heat -- everybody wants air conditioning , ” said Pierre - Yves Ezavin of Reunion ’s Regional Energy Agency ( ARER ) , adding air conditioning accounts for about 80 percent of office electricity bills .
While Reunion ’s traditional homes made good use of wood and plenty of windows , low - cost housing of recent years was built with concrete using cheaper methods that trap the heat inside .
“ We have to take care of construction , ” Ezavin said .
His agency is running a public information campaign to encourage the use of green technologies such as better construction methods and materials , solar water heaters -- already a common sight -- and bicycles .
But attitudes are slow to change .
“ We ’ve heard about it ( renewable energy ) .
I do n’t know what to think , ” Jean - Francois Sery , a taxi driver , said .
“ It has n’t yet entered people ’s thinking , ” he said , adjusting his air conditioning while he waited in a traffic jam that snaked along the coastal road .
Accounting for 70 to 75 percent of Reunion ’s energy use , transport is the key issue for reducing its greenhouse gases .
And seeking to counter the extra 30,000 cars -- about 10 percent of existing traffic -- that appear on Reunion ’s congested roads every year , the island is set to complete the first 34 - km ( 21 - mile ) phase of an electrically powered tram - train by 2013 at a cost of 1.4 billion euros , PREURE ’s Dieudonne said .
Ironically perhaps , Reunion is also building an enormous road in the west , la Route des Tamarins , in a bid to ease congestion .
And with tourism a major source of jobs and income , airplanes are not part of Reunion ’s energy targets .
“ Our ambition is not to invent a new ( carbon neutral ) airplane .
Our ambition is to do everything we can do in Reunion to become independent of fossil fuels , ” Dieudonne said .
( Editing by Janet Lawrence )
@fastm3driver : that would be during landing , which requires a lot more horizontal airspace .
during takeoff it 's kind of all or nothing .
you either make it to space or you explode .
during landing there are abort paths if things start to go haywire after you enter the atmosphere .
and since you 're coming in at some ridiculous speed ( 18000 miles an hour or something equally crazy ) , your main and alternate approach paths are about a quarter of a world long , hence fiji was grounded .
Modified Skull II
Android - Pietà V
The Priestess and the Guard
Print available
37 signalsのパートナーであり 、Ruby On Railsの開発で有名 なDavid Heinemeier Hansson氏（通称DHH）による講
演" The Secret to Making Money Online " が面白い 。
これは、4月19日にスタンフォード大学で開催された" Startup School 2008 " なるイベントでの講演で、起業家を目指す学生たちへのメッセージとなっている。
( 講演す るDavid Heinemeier Hansson 氏 Omnisioより ）
DHH の主張は、シンプルかつ有効である。（その割にはあまり語られていない）
起業家は 、Facebook 、Myspace、YouTubeのようなメガヒットベンチャーになろうという妄想を捨て、「いい製品を作り、価格を設定し、利益を上げる」という持続可能なビジネスを行うことに集中するべし。
以下は 、DHHの講演の要旨。
多くの起業家/予備軍は、自分でお金を稼ぐのではなく、どこかに会社を買収されたり、IPOをしたりすることを考えすぎている。
「 いい製品を作り、価格を設定し、利益を上げる」、これこそシンプルな持続可能なビジネスの基本である。（もちろん、価格をつけたとして、簡単に利益があがるわけではないが…）
みんな 、Facebook 、Myspace、YouTubeのようなメガヒットベンチャーを作り出そうと思い込みすぎている
そんな確率は、低いので、もっと、地に足がついた目標を掲げるべし。
たとえば、100万ドルのビジネスを考える。（ベンチャーキャピタルは10億ドル規模のビジネスを考える）
2000 人の顧客が月40ドルを12か月払えば、100万ドルになる。
少ない顧客を対象にすることで、次のトレンドを掴まえるといったことを考えずに、ほかの人よりも少しだけいいものを作ることに集中すればいい。
イタリア料理店を開くとして、世界最高級のイタリア料理を作ることはなく、町でなかなかいいイタリア料理を目指せばいいのと同じだ。
では、どうやって顧客を集めるか。（2000人に月々払ってもらうことは、それでもかなり難しい）
" backpack " 開発の経験から、コンシューマを対象にして、月々払ってもらうのは、かなり難しい。（事実、リリースから2年経過していたが2か月前に、ビジネス向けに方向転換した。結果、たった2か月で収入はこの2年よりも倍増した）
ビジネス向けといっても、大企業＝Fortune500ならぬFortune500万ともいうべき、小さいな事業をターゲットにすることで、持続可能なビジネスができる。
だからといって、家族経営の小さなビジネスというわけではない。大企業と、家族経営の小さなビジネスの間に、さまざまなビジネスがあり、何かを犠牲にすることなく人生を楽しむことができる。
自分が楽しみながらできる仕事で、100万ドル稼げるとしたら、それを見捨てるのはばかげている。
無理して会社を大きくし、売り抜けてから人生を楽しむんだ、という人がいるが、その人は本当に人生を楽しめるのだろうか。
一般的なビジネスは、映画ビジネスではない。つまり、メガヒットは必須ではない。
" バイラルマーケティング " や " ネットワーク効 果 " については、この際、忘れたほうがいい。
" Basecamp " は、ほかの仕事もある3人で開発。兼業だったことで、集中できた。実際、私（DHH）は週に10時間しか" Basecamp " の開発に充てていない。
少ない時間しかないことで、集中することができる。（余計な時間があっても、必要ない機能などを付け加えてしまうのがおちだ）
最後に、気楽にやること。この先、やることが減ることはないのだから。
David Heinemeier Hansson氏による講 演" The Secret to Making Money Online " は、以下で見られる 。
（スライドとシンクロしている。吹き出しコメントは画面にマウスオーバーして現れるスイッチでoffにできる）
< p >< p>&lt ; p&gt ; &amp ; lt ; div&amp ; gt ; &amp ;lt ; a href= '
http://www.omnisio.com'&amp;gt;Share and annotate your videos&amp;lt ; / a&amp ; gt ; with Omnisio ! &amp;lt;/ div&amp ; gt;&lt;/ p&gt;</p></p>
David Heinemeier Hansson at Startup School 08 | Omnisio（ビデオ）
Justin.tv - DHH
Talk - Startup School 2008 - HackerTV - Live Streaming Video（ビデオ）
David Heinemeier Hansson 's Speech about Making Money at Startup School 2008 , by Vlad（講演録）
The secret to making money online - ( 37signals )
2008 Startup School
By Alastair Lawson
BBC News , Oxford
The microscope revealed ' the yeti ' suffered from split ends Scientists in the UK who have examined hairs claimed to belong to a yeti in India say that an initial series of tests have proved inconclusive .
Ape expert Ian Redmond says the hairs bear a " startling resemblance " to similar hairs collected by Everest conqueror Sir Edmund Hillary .
He told the BBC the Indian hairs are " potentially very exciting " .
After extensive microscope examinations , the hairs will now be sent to separate labs for DNA analysis .
They say that the tests on Thursday were a " process of elimination " in which the hairs from India were compared with hairs from other animals known to live in the area around the Garo hills of the north - eastern state of Meghalaya .
The little known Indian version of the legendary yeti - or abominable snow man - is an ape - like creature called mande barung - or forest man .
We are very excited about the preliminary results although more tests need to be done
Ian Redmond
The BBC was given the hairs by passionate yeti believer Dipu Marak , who retrieved them from a site in dense jungle after the mande barung was allegedly seen by a forester for three days in a row in 2003 .
Mr Marak says the hairs may provide compelling evidence of the existence of a black and grey ape - like animal which stands about 3 m ( nearly 10 ft ) tall .
There have been repeated reports of sightings over many years by different witnesses in the West , South and East Garo hills .
Mr Marak estimates the creature weighs about 300 kg ( 660 lb ) and says it is herbivorous , surviving on fruit , roots and tree bark .
Sophisticated microscopes Preliminary test by the scientists in the UK have not so far disproved his belief .
" We now know for definite that these hairs do not belong to Asiatic black bear , they do not belong to a wild boar and they do not resemble hairs from various species of macaque monkeys .
These hairs remain an enigma , " said wildlife biologist and ape conservation expert Ian Redmond .
In pictures : ' Yeti ' hunt " Another thing I can confirm is that if these hairs do indeed belong to a yeti then they - like human beings - suffer from split hair ends ! " he joked .
The tests were carried out at Oxford Brookes University in central England with award - winning primatologist Anna Nekaris and microscopy expert Jon Wells from the university 's anthropology department .
Using some of the most sophisticated microscopes in Britain , the hairs were magnified up to 200 times and then compared with a database of other hairs provided to Mr Redmond from Oxford 's Natural History Museum and the primatology department at Oxford Brookes University .
To make the results as definitive as possible , the scientists took a cast of one of the two hairs brought over from India using nail varnish .
" When the varnish dries the mould which it forms creates a much better two - dimensional image of the cuticle scale pattern than the hair itself , " explained Ms Nekaris .
Disagreement
After the test were completed , Mr Redmond - who is also a senior consultant for the UN's Great Ape Survival Project - and Ms Nekaris were able to rule out the " obvious candidates " to whom the hairs might belong .
Mr Redmond said that on first glance , the hairs from India had the same cuticle pattern to hairs brought back to the UK by Sir Edmund Hillary and donated to the Natural History Museum .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Both Mr Redmond and Ms Nekaris agree there is " every chance " they could belong to an unknown species of primate .
" Only two years ago a new species of macaque was discovered in northern India .
It 's perfectly possible that there are pockets of jungle there where a previously undiscovered primate could exist , " he said .
The two scientists also pointed out that not that long ago a huge species of ape known as gigantopithecus roamed around the area .
This species was not known about until relatively recently , Mr Redmond explained , and had no fossil record .
" It was only identified 80 years ago when Western scientists discovered teeth found in Chinese apothecaries which it was claimed were dragons ' teeth to be used for medicinal purposes .
" The teeth were examined and it was revealed that in fact they belonged to a an ape - like creature estimated to be 3 m tall which was named gigantopithecus , " he said .
The scientists say that if the Meghalayan yeti does exist it is not impossible that it was some kind of descendant of this creature .
" It could easily be an unknown primate even if it's not a yeti , " said Mr Redmond .
The DNA tests should cast more light on the matter .
" We are lucky that the Indian hairs have clearly identifiable follicles containing cells so there is every chance we will be able to get even closer to the truth , " Mr Redmond said .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Is it possible to work less and still impress your boss , wife , husband and friends ?
In other words , is it possible to do less and accomplish more ?
Everyone seeks the answer to this question .
We all want to generate the greatest noticeable impact with the least amount of effort , as quick as possible .
It ’s the way of the modern knowledge worker .
We strive to work smarter , not harder .
The answer to the question is : YES !
With the right combination of skills , tactics and tools , you can work less and still impress .
It requires thinking outside of the box … and then implementing strategies that directly increase the visibility , impact and “ wow - factor ” of your labors .
The list below is not comprehensive , but leads in the right direction , providing six basic strategies geared for increasing your impressiveness without increasing your workload .
Learn Skills Few People Know – Find a niche function ( or two ) that ’s currently in high demand and master it .
If very few people can perform this needed function , your effective value to others will skyrocket into the stratosphere .
You will become the “ go to guy ” .
Even if it ’s only a temporary gig , you will be able to make a significant impact in a short timeframe .
And if you play your cards right , you will find yourself doing less actual work and getting 10 times more credit for your efforts .
Provide Value from Within a Black Box – Mystery is a huge proponent of impressiveness .
In order to achieve the ultimate level of impressiveness your efforts must make someone think , “ Wow !
How does he / she do that ? ”
They can easily see your inputs and your results , but are n’t 100 % sure how you got from point A to point B .
In other words , you have to provide ( or innovate ) tangible value without disclosing the specifics of the mastery .
This is similar to my point on learning a rare skill , but instead relies more on emotional curiosity and less on the end result .
Human beings are curious creatures .
If you can give them something they want while simultaneously stimulating their curiosity , you will always be more impressive than the guy who cranks out the most widgets .
Focus More on Less – A jack of all trades may do very well in life , but supreme impressiveness is achieved via specialization .
Elite expertise attracts attention much faster than a run of the mill juggling act .
This is because gradual increases in skill level have an exponential effect on the public opinion of overall impressiveness .
Think in terms of Karate : A black belt seems far more impressive than a brown belt .
But does a brown belt really seem any more impressive than a red belt ?
The bottom line : Society elevates experts high onto a pedestal .
Hard work matters , but not if scattered in diverse directions .
Focus on mastering your trade .
Only Use Quality Tools – Trying to cut through a thick piece of fresh lumber with an old , dull handsaw would be a pretty foolish endeavor .
You would have to work extremely hard to make the even the slightest impact .
This principle applies to everything in life .
Do n’t let inefficiency defeat you .
If the tools in your toolbox do n’t fit the requirements of the job , find someone who has the right tools and barter with them , hire them , invite them into the process .
Possessing the right tools ( and skills ) can easily shrink a mountainous task into a molehill .
Always Under - Sell to Over - Deliver –
The crooked salesman constantly over - sells the capabilities of his product .
He sets the bar so high that the product ends up falling short of his client ’s expectations .
If you want to boost your impressiveness , do the exact opposite .
Slightly under - sell your capabilities ( or product , service , deadline , etc. ) so that you ’re always able to over - deliver .
It will seem to others like you ’re habitually going above and beyond the call of duty .
Follow the 80/20 Rule –
The 80/20 rule states that 80 % of your results come from just 20 % of your efforts .
If you can identify and focus on the 20 % that matters most , you can be more productive ( and impressive ) without increasing your workload .
Try to automate or delegate the less productive 80 % whenever possible .
When random emails and phone calls start pushing you off course , remind yourself of the 80/20 rule and make an immediate course correction .
If an emergency arises and you absolutely need to eliminate something from your schedule , make sure it ’s not part of the vital 20 % .
A Swiss government ethics committee has issued guidelines on the thorny issue of the " dignity of plants " in relation to biotech research after the country 's 2004 Gene Technology Law declared that " the dignity of creatures " should be considered in any grant - funded research .
According to Nature , while this phrase attracted plenty of flak for its " general woolliness " , it certainly includes plants .
The powers that be therefore mandated the committee two years ago to clarify the matter .
Member Markus Schefer , a constitution lawyer at the University of Basel , said : “ My first reaction was - what the heck are we doing considering the dignity of plants .
But this very broad provision exists , and we have to help to prevent a legal mire . ”
He added : " At the moment not even authorities who decide on grants know what the ' dignity of plants ' really means .
That 's why we were asked to deliberate . ”
The upshot of the deliberations is that " all plant biotechnology grant applications must now include a paragraph explaining the extent to which plant dignity is considered " .
Specifically , the committee has issued a " decision tree presenting the different issues that need to be taken into account for each case " .
It has also presented " concrete examples of what type of experiment might be considered an unacceptable insult to plant dignity " .
While it has conceded that GM modification of plants does n't automatically offend said dignity , experiments which caused them to " lose their independence " would do so .
This independence might be exemplified by the ability to reproduce - the removal of which would breach the guidelines .
Nonplussed biologists have pointed out this is at odds with " traditional plant - hybridization technologies , for example in roses , which require male sterility , and the commercial development of seedless fruits " .
®
Dear Opednews editors :
This matter was circulated by the ACLU and they asked that it be forwarded to others .
Reprinting should be okay and the matters at stake are absolutely urgent .
Please print this !
Thank you .
Subject :
No laughing matter
This sounds so outrageous , it seems like a joke or something out of " The Onion . "
Attorney General Michael Mukasey is demanding that Congress issue a new declaration of war so that anyone that this president or the next one declares to be an " enemy combatant " can be held indefinitely without a trial .
The new declaration of war would make the entire globe — including the United States itself — a “ battlefield ” where the president decides who will be locked up forever .
With only five weeks left in the Congressional schedule and only six months left in the Bush presidency , Mukasey ’s ridiculous power grab should be laughed out of town .
But given this Congress ’ track record , the Mukasey proposal is no laughing matter .
Especially because it also includes a cover-up of the Bush administration ’s systemic torture and abuse of detainees .
We ca n’t take for granted that Congress will reject this ourtageous proposal .
We have to meet it with an immediate wall of protest that says to Congress : “ Do n’t you dare . ”
I just told my members of Congress to reject the dangerous Bush / Mukasey plan .
You can do the same thing here :
Environmentalism , says Czech President Vaclav Klaus , is the new communism , a system of elite command - and - control that kills prosperity and should similarly be condemned to the ash heap of history .
The provocative Mr. Klaus , an economist by training and former prime minister , said in an interview that today ’s global warming activists are the direct descendants of the old Marxists who trampled on individual freedoms and undermined free markets in pursuit of a greater good .
“ I understand that global warming is a religion conceived to suppress human freedom , ” he told editors and reporters at The Washington Times .
“ It is used to justify an enormous scope for government intervention vis-a - vis the markets and personal freedom . ”
The 66 - year - old Mr. Klaus was in Washington this week for talks with senior U.S. officials , including Vice President Dick Cheney , and to tout his new book , “ Blue Planet in Green Shackles , ” about the dangers to life , liberty and prosperity posed by the modern environmental movement .
His Washington meetings included discussions on a pact to situate key parts of a U.S. missile defense shield in the Czech Republic .
A top Bush administration priority , the system is designed to defend against attacks from rogue states such as Iran .
Mr. Klaus said he expected the Czech parliament to ratify the pact by the end of the year , but acknowledged it “ wo n’t be an easy debate . ”
Russia has fiercely opposed the system , something the Czech president said may actually build public support for the plan back home .
“ The stronger the Russian position opposing the system , the easier it is in the Czech Republic to get support , ” he said .
Having experienced decades of Soviet domination during the Cold War , Czechs are “ extremely sensitive to any patronizing from that part of the world , ” he said .
Mr. Klaus was a leading figure in the first Prague governments after the collapse of the Soviet Union , and was prime minister when the former Czechoslovakia broke into two countries in the “ Velvet Divorce ” of 1993 .
He barely won a second five - year term as president in February amid divisions in the rival Social Democratic Party .
An admirer of conservative former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , he has emerged as a leading voice in Europe for free markets and individual rights .
He opposed the first drive for a European Union constitution , which collapsed when French and Dutch voters rejected it .
The Czech parliament is expected to ratify an amended EU constitution by the end of the year .
The outspoken Mr. Klaus does not appear to mind being out of step with his government at times .
He criticized the Czech Republic ’s decision last week to recognize the independence of Kosovo from Serbia , over the fierce objections of Belgrade .
Mr. Klaus said his experience with the breakup of Czechoslovakia convinced him that any separation had to come from within and accepted by all parties .
“ If we had had U.S. or EU commissioners coming into Czechoslovakia telling us how to divide the country , there would have been shooting , ” he said .
“ I ’m sorry that in [ the United States ] , the substance of this argument was not appreciated . ”
That formative experience growing up under communism , said Mr. Klaus , has led him to his own strong views on the modern environmental movement , which he charged has failed to do a basic cost - benefit analysis in its drive to force people to obey its dictates .
While saying he was not a “ total libertarian , ” Mr. Klaus observed , “ For most of my life , I lived under a regime where the public debate was manipulated .
That is why I feel so strongly about this . ”
Former Vice President Al Gore - whom Mr. Klaus has challenged to a public debate - won the Nobel Peace Prize and the Czech Republic ratified the Kyoto climate treaty seven years ago , but Mr. Klaus insisted he had the world ’s “ silent majority ” behind him in the green debate .
“ I do n’t feel alone , ” he insisted .
He rejected the “ fashionable ” idea of a cap - and - trade pollution control system , endorsed by Republican presidential hopeful Sen.
John McCain and his two Democratic rivals , Sens. Barack Obama and Hillary Rodham Clinton .
Under cap - and - trade , the government would set a ceiling under which companies could trade “ credits ” on how much carbon they produce .
“ It ’s a scheme to play the market and I refuse to accept that concept , ” he said .
“ Please do n’t try to play the market . ”
More practically , he said , government bureaucrats will be so afraid of setting the cap too low - stifling all economic activity - that they will set the ceiling too high , making it “ meaningless . ”
Mr. Klaus pointed to the sharp rise in global energy prices as a sign the market is a far better engine for social change than politicians or bureaucrats .
The recent price increase “ is so much more than any government would dare to do , ” he said .
“ Can you imagine if the U.S. Congress tried to introduce such a tax to cut consumption ?
The Congress would disappear tomorrow morning . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Well , sorta .
Check out this stroke of genius .
IBAF changes rules for extra innings DURHAM , N.C. ( AP ) â € ” Extra innings will have a new look in what could be baseballâ€™s last Olympic appearance .
Each teamâ€™s at - bat in the 11th inning and beyond will begin with runners on first and second bases .
Teams may start the 11th at any point in their batting order under format changes announced Friday by the International Baseball Federation and adopted in time for next monthâ€™s Beijing Games .
You read that right .
In the hotly contested championship game , after a game where both starting pitchers have gone 10 perfect innings , the top of the 11th will begin with Cuba ’s leadoff and # 2 hitters on base and their # 3 , 4 and 5 guys coming to the plate .
Wow , talk about tradition taking the mother of all nard - stompings .
If this does n’t junk up the game sufficiently , and just in case the game remains tied after the 11th , here are some other tiebreaking ideas the IBAF ( the International Bureau of Asshat Fuckwits ) might consider :
after the 11th inning : aluminum bats ( or do they already use aluminum in the Olympics ?
I ca n’t remember )
after the 12th inning : Ball 1 – take your base !
after the 13th inning : steroids are legal
after the 14th inning : substitute a high - tech ball that ’s the size of a softball and flies like a golf ball
after the 15th inning : fielders can’t use gloves
after the 16th inning : pitcher has to throw underhanded
after the 17th inning : pitcher has to throw underhanded from second base
after the 18th inning : coach - pitch
after the 19th inning : a fan is selected randomly to pitch
after the 20th inning : screw pitching – batter now gets to hit off a tee
after the 21st inning : baserunners can use motorcycles when stealing
after the 22nd inning : game will be decided by ESPN Major League Baseball on X - Box
Can you tell how I feel about this idea ?
The police boat turned out to be a fishing boat , and so no one was forced to jump into the ocean .
But four hours later , as they approached the Florida coast , they hit a reef , and one of the engines failed .
They slowed to a creep .
The sun rose , and they became visible .
“ That ’s when a plane came over , and they saw us , ” recalls Osbek .
The boat was achingly close to the shore .
“ The water was n’t dark but light blue .
And we could see the beach . ”
Out of nowhere came a pair of U.S. Coast Guard cutters .
Everyone in the boat knew that if they got to the beach they were free — they ’d be granted asylum .
But no one thought to swim for it , mainly because the cutters had big guns trained on them .
“ The Coast Guard shot bullets into the engine that turned it off . ”
Osbek was taken off one boat and put onto another , where , for the next six days , he was questioned by various Americans in uniforms .
He begged them to take him to Guantánamo , but they handed him back to the Cuban authorities instead .
“ The first Cuban police guy I talked to asked , ‘ What are you going to do now that you can never play baseball again ? ’ ” What he was going to do was try to get out again .
In Cuba , not only was he banned from baseball , but his former teammates did n’t want to be seen with him or even talk to him on their cell phones .
He was at risk of being jailed .
He did n’t know who Javier was , but prayed that he ’d call again .
He was the only hope of getting out of Cuba .
Getting into Cuba , it turns out , is also a problem , especially if you have anything to do with baseball .
It may still be possible to sneak in , but you ’d be insane to try .
The governments of the United States and Cuba now agree on at least one thing : Americans with a commercial interest in springing Cuban ballplayers should be jailed for pursuing it .
Gus Dominguez is now serving a five - year sentence in a California prison .
In 1996 another American sports agent , Juan Ignacio Hernandez , was sentenced to 15 years in a Cuban jail for traveling to Cuba and trying to persuade ballplayers to leave .
“ When you roll into Havana and they figure out you ’re from Major League Baseball , ” says the Braves ’ McMichael , “ right away they shut you down .
I ’ve seen guys try it .
I ’ve seen guys try to get a radar gun in [ to clock pitches ] .
And they get put right back on the plane going out .
To know what a Cuban player is is now just this side of impossible .
You ca n’t legally lay your eyes on them . ”
The Florida jury that convicted Dominguez was onto something : the flow of information and of baseball players out of Cuba is slower now than it has been in a long time .
“ What ’s strange about Cuba , ” says agent Joe Kehoskie , “ is that the money given to Cuban defectors is increasing .
But the number of Cuban defectors is decreasing . ”
You are n’t even likely to be allowed to enter Cuba as an American baseball journalist — at least not without an extraordinary amount of hassling from the Cuban government , which , since Fidel took ill , has become much more vigilant in preventing foreign reporters from going where they want to go and seeing who they want to see .
But there remains a path from the outside into Cuban baseball .
It runs through Canada — specifically through a 59 - year - old retired high - school history teacher named Kit Krieger .
Krieger lives in Vancouver , where for 17 years he taught in the public schools .
In 1997 , by what he describes as a series of accidents , he was elected head of British Columbia ’s 41,000 - member teachers ’ union .
He began a tradition of sending teachers and school supplies to Cuba twice a year .
“ Because of Cuba ’s isolation they have very few friends , ” says Krieger , “ and my union quickly became Cuba ’s best friend . ”
Much as he loved teaching , Krieger loved baseball more .
He is n’t an ordinary fan .
He is the sort who when asked for the date Babe Ruth made his debut not only will give it to you off the top of his head , but will also list the lineups of both teams , along with their batting averages for that year .
He is also the sort of fan who from a shockingly young age hounded professional baseball players for autographs .
When he was 13 he leaned over the outfield wall and asked Joe DiMaggio what it was like to be married to Marilyn Monroe .
( DiMaggio ignored him . )
“ Mickey Mantle told me to fuck off once , ” he says with a hint of pride .
Dear Lysol ,
I ’m quite fond of your product .
Here ’s the deal , when I smell the fresh clean scent of Lysol , I know that shit is clean !
It ’s only when I walk in someplace and they are mopping with some mildly sudsy water and my sinuses do n’t open up and my eyes do n’t water that I question whether they are actually managing to get everything disinfected and sanitized .
I mean , if you ca n’t smell the Lysol is it even clean ?
What ’s the point at that point ?
It ’s just going through the motions if you ask me .
I know some people are n’t particularly fond of the odor , but I happen to not be one of those people .
I love it .
I grew up with Lysol and when I smell that scent I get all nostalgic .
I also feel like perhaps people are taking things seriously when they clean with Lysol rather than just soap and water .
I ’d never eat off the floor , but I like to imagine I could if I ’d recently mopped with your product .
That would actually make a kind of funny commercial .
A whole family eating off the kitchen floor without concern .
Or perhaps some guy picking up some dropped food and someone else saying , “ Whoa dude , five second rule ! ” and that guy could be like , “ Nah , I mopped with Lysol this morning .
I ’m good . ” I know , now I am just being silly .
Anyway , I am writing for reasons .
My partner and I keep arguing over how safe Lysol is .
She keeps thinking it ’ll kill the cats , or at least be bad for them , or us .
I maintain that Lysol is what makes us safe from those little furry disease vectors .
So how dangerous is Lysol for cats or children ?
We do n’t have kids , but my partner is pretty small , and I do n’t want her getting sick from exposure either if we can avoid it .
I think she ’s mostly worried about the cats , but it ’d be nice if she could stay heathy as well .
So just let me know if I can tell her that Lysol is perfectly safe for cats or if we need to discontinue use of your product around our pets .
Apparently , getting rid of the cats is n’t an option .
Sincerely ,
Christopher L. Jorgensen
Read : Lysol Reply
Sent : March 11 , 2020
Als erstes muss ich mal eine Lanze für den Preis brechen - ok im ersten Vergleich zur Tower Brigde mit 4287 Teilen und einem Preis von 219,99 erscheint der Death Star für 419,99 relativ teuer - Aber als erstes sind die Lizenzgebühren an George Lucas Ltd. so hoch und zweitens sind diesem genialen Set - 24 Minifiguren beigefügt .
Allein die Figuren haben einen
Wert von aktuell ca. 250,00 Euro ( Preise zwischen 5,90 und 24,90 Euro pro Minifig ) - allein die 6 exclusiven Minifigs die nur in diesem
Set enthalten sind haben einen
Wert von ca. 120,00 Euro .
Der Wertverlust bei Sammelsets von Lego Star
Wars ist gleich NULL - im Gegenteil : Wer die Modelle pfleglich behandelt kann nach Ausverkauf bei LEGO sogar noch mit einem Plus rechnen auf diversen Plattformen - Also nicht über den Preis meckern - sondern einfach dieses geniale Set kaufen - aufbauen - genießen - mit spielen - anschauen - genießen - umbauen - abbauen - wieder aufbauen - in die Vitrine stellen - genießen - mit spielen - usw .
;-) -
Ich liebe jedes der 3803 Teile des Sets ;-) ) )
Der Aufbau erschien mir nicht sehr schwer - die Altersempfehlung von 14 + passt also sehr gut zum Modell - Wer ein wenig Erfahrung mit Lego hat sollte im Schnitt ca. 8 bis 10 Stunden benötigen je nach Muße des Aufbauers - Ich habe mir etwas Zeit gelassen - da ich vom Aufbau gleichzeitig einen Stop Motion Film gedreht habe ;-) ) )
Mein Fazit ist also : Absolute Kaufempfehlung und ein MUSS für jeden Lego Star Wars Fan ;-) ) )
AeorVironment has just received $ 4.6 million from DARPA to develop Stealthy , Persistent , Perch and Stare UAS Based on Wasp .
Yes , we scratched our heads at this too .
The Wasp is is an Unmanned Aircraft System ( UAS ) that has a 29 inch wingspan and weighs about 1 pound .
The Wasp can be operated manually or programmed to use GPS .
The press release states :
The goal of the Stealthy , Persistent , Perch and Stare program is to develop the technology to enable an entirely new generation of perch - and - stare micro air vehicles capable of flying to difficult targets , landing on and securing to a “ perch ” position , conducting sustained , perch - and - stare surveillance missions , and then re-launching from its perch and returning to its home base .
See the entire press release here .
Link via ( The Register )
Web Directory Submission
Directory submission service to submit to directories
We offer Manual Internet directory submission package at affordable price to suit small website owner and corporate with any advertising budget or Internet marketing estimates .
We has expert directory submitter to execute submission jobs with care to get you maximum directory listing approvals .
Our Directory Submitter do hand submission to free , non reciprocal search engine friendly directories at affordable prices .
Our directories submission plan or price start from .08 cent per submission .
Learn More
You must understand the benefit of getting included in directories which will justify your investment made in directory inclusion services and will prove optimized return on you investment .
このところ、named_scop e関係のバグの原因と対処法を調べるために ActiveReco rdのEager Loadingの実装を調べていました。 ActiveReco rdのEager Loadingは、 Rails2.1から、若干生成するSQLが変化しています。
Rails 2.1 Eager Loading
上記サイトでも紹介されているように、 今までは LEFT OUTER JOIN を使って、 一回のクエリで全て読み込むよう なSQLを生成していたのですが 、 Rails2.1からは、複数回のクエリに分割するようになりました。
ということで 、Eager Loadingを実際にやっているコードを調べてみたのですが、自分で好きなタイミングでEager Loadingを行う方法を見つけたので紹介します。
ActiveReco rd:: Baseクラスのprotectedメソッド ActiveReco rd.preload _associati ons を利用します 。
1 articles = Article . all ( : limit => 5 ) 2 Article .
send : preload_as sociations , articles , [ : user => : face ]
1行目は普通 にEager Loadingせず にArticleリストを取得していますが、 二行目を実行することで、各ArticleのアソシエイションがEager
Load されます。あとは、
1 articles .
first .
user .
face
WASHINGTON -- Voters are crying out for more solar and wind energy -- but that does n't mean they are opposed to drilling for more oil at the same time , according to a Wall Street Journal - NBC
News poll .
The poll 's findings suggest any political advantage Democrats or Republicans hope to get from the national debate over energy policy will depend on how skillfully they package their positions .
Democrats have opposed expanded offshore drilling and stressed alternatives to oil .
Republicans have called for expanding oil exploration to areas currently off limits .
Leaders in both parties have begun scrambling for ground somewhere in the middle , where a big chunk of voters appear to stand .
According to the Journal - NBC poll , 72 % of the respondents said developing alternative energy sources could " accomplish a great deal . "
When the question was asked another way , 61 % of respondents chose " developing alternative energy sources " as the step that should receive the most emphasis from policy makers .
Twenty - five percent responded that " exploring and drilling for oil " in the U.S. should get the most emphasis , and 12 % picked " having Americans conserve and use less oil . "
When asked whether expanding areas for drilling for oil off coastal states was a step in the right direction , 63 % said it was , with 44 % saying it would accomplish " a great deal . "
Only 27 % said that allowing more drilling off coastal states was a step in " the wrong direction . "
Asked about building more nuclear plants , 53 % said it was a step in the right direction .
Thirty - one percent said it was a step " in the wrong direction . "
It might not be as elegant or technologically - advanced as a Segway or a motorized unicycle , but this easily constructed 2 - wheeled robot might be a fun project for a free afternoon .
The heart of the balancing mechanism is an SPDT switch with a button cell attached that reverses the motor when the robot begins to tip in one direction .
It ’s not controllable and it tends to fall over quite a bit , but it ’s a good starting point and could be refined by lowering the center of gravity or figuring out a simple way to change the motor speed based on how far the robot has tipped over .
There are no accelerometers or tilt switches so the components could be sourced from a parts bin , and its simple design definitely leaves a lot of room for improvement .
Wall Street Journal that Bruce Ivins was polygraphed only once in connection with the Amerithrax investigation , and that his having passed it excused him from a second round of polygraph screenings to which some of his colleagues were subjected :
Quote :
http://online.wsj.com/public/article/SB121824122279026121-jvAl3N_9OfFg_bE9oMrQZt...
In Anthrax Case , Hindsight
Shifts View of Ivins
Actions to Aid
Probe Appear
Now As Cover -Up
By ELIZABETH WILLIAMSON and SIOBHAN GORMAN
August 9 , 2008 ; Page A2
WASHINGTON --
One night in autumn 2001 , as the U.S. reeled from the worst act of bioterrorism in its history , Bruce Ivins was alone in his cluttered Fort Detrick , Md. , office , scrubbing phones , walls and furniture .
For colleagues , this was proof of the anthrax scientist 's attention to safety .
From a distance of seven years , it might be evidence of his guilt .
Bruce Ivins , shown in a 2003 photo , took an overdose of painkillers and died in an apparent suicide last week .
The FBI said the government scientist was close to being charged in 2001 's deadly anthrax attacks .
Like the detective in Agatha Christie 's play " Mousetrap " who turned out to be the murderer , Dr. Ivins played a haunting dual role in the anthrax mystery , federal law - enforcement agents say .
He was part of the team that examined the poisoned letters .
Investigators say he implicated other scientists and submitted incomplete samples to throw them off - track .
The Pentagon even adopted tips he offered to guard against the dangers of experimenting with anthrax .
The scientist 's daily presence at the alleged scene of the crime is fuel for the continuing debate as to whether the U.S. government has its man .
Friends and colleagues say the conundrum makes it impossible to differentiate between clues left by Dr. Ivins the investigator and Dr. Ivins the suspect .
Dr. Ivins killed himself last week after being informed that the Federal Bureau of Investigation planned to charge him in the murders of five people who handled the anthrax - laced letters .
His lawyer said the FBI 's case , made public Wednesday , is flawed and that Dr. Ivins would have been cleared in court had he lived .
Dr. Ivins himself seemed to think he might be two people , a sign of mental imbalance he largely hid from colleagues , according to court documents .
" Other times it 's like I 'm not only sitting at my desk , I 'm also a few feet away watching me , " he wrote in an email to an unidentified friend in April 2000 .
Colleagues held a memorial for him Wednesday at Fort Detrick .
More than 200 colleagues packed its chapel while the FBI , 50 miles south , unveiled its case against him .
Col. John P. Skvorak , commander of the army institute , saluted Dr. Ivins 's " openness , his candor , his humor and his honesty , " according to Dr. Ivins 's lawyer , Paul Kemp , who wrote the remarks down .
In the days after attacks , suspected samples of anthrax began pouring into the U.S. Army Medical Institute of Infectious Diseases .
In Room 19 of the bacteriology division , Dr. Ivins 's office was jammed with desks for six more staffers where once there had been just Dr. Ivins and perhaps one other .
" We were scared , " says Col. Arthur Anderson , who at the time was chief of laboratory medicine in the diagnostic - systems division .
Many of the scientists were seeing for the first time the weaponized version of a microbe they had worked with for years .
They were also fascinated , particularly Dr. Ivins , who talked repeatedly about the refinement of the spores sent with the Oct. 9 letter to then - South Dakota Sen .
Tom Daschle .
The spores nearly floated out of the envelope .
" The stuff just came out without any prompting , " he told Gerald Andrews , his boss at the time .
Dr. Ivins , his colleagues said , argued that al Qaeda was responsible .
" He was very passionate about this , " former boss Jeffrey Adamovicz said .
" He was very agitated . "
In these conversations , Dr. Ivins dwelled at one point on a purported link between Florida victim Robert Stevens , a photographer for American Media , and an apartment rented to 9/11 ringleader Mohammad Atta , Dr. Adamovicz said .
( The FBI discounts that as an explanation . )
To his colleagues , this kind of talk was n't unusual .
Dr. Ivins was expressing a theory commonly held in the lab and he often got emotional in the pursuit of scientific debate .
That winter , the FBI asked Dr. Ivins to take his first and only lie - detector test , according to a law - enforcement official .
The polygraph was part of the bureau 's vetting of investigators .
The FBI has n't released the results .
Dr. Ivins retained his role in the investigation .
In April 2002 , researchers noticed an anthrax - laced deposit on the outside of a flask outside the biocontainment area .
The contamination spawned an investigation and a 361 - page Army report , during which Dr. Ivins admitted his unauthorized office cleanup .
He told Army investigators that he had cleaned his office the previous fall , and then again without permission in April , because " I had no desire to cry ' Wolf ! ' " and blame someone else for the spill .
The Army cleared him and adopted his recommendations to improve " cleaning inside the suites and maybe surveillance . "
By this time , all of the scientists in the bacteriology division were under the FBI 's investigative microscope , people working there at the time said .
One after another , they submitted to a 3 ½ - hour polygraph test .
Dr. Ivins " was in the safety zone " because he had already passed his polygraph , Dr. Andrews said .
Dr. Ivins was never tested again , a law - enforcement official said .
A siege mentality began to build in the division , and Dr. Ivins shared in his colleagues ' resentment .
" Ever since they started calling back the people in the bacteriology division for polygraphs , they all sort of got quiet about things , " Col. Anderson said .
" Bruce was n't the only person who stopped talking . "
Meanwhile , Dr. Ivins developed hypotheses about other suspects .
In a search of his house , the FBI found an email in which Dr. Ivins names two fellow scientists , providing 11 reasons for their possible guilt .
He sent the email from a personal account to his Army account .
It is n't clear whether Dr. Ivins was puzzling over the case or whether he was plotting to divert suspicion .
He grew more critical of the investigation when it began pointing toward him in late 2006 .
In lunchtime conversations , he told colleagues he thought the FBI might be trying to set him up , Dr. Adamovicz recalled .
Dr. Ivins began poking holes in efforts to link him to the attacks , saying a positive DNA match between the anthrax in the letters and that stored at Fort Detrick would mean little " because those labs are shared , " Dr. Adamovicz said .
This spring , Dr. Ivins told a colleague , W. Russell Byrne , that he was planning to retire in September .
Dr. Byrne asked Dr. Ivins to let him know about the retirement party .
Dr. Ivins responded : " I do n't know if I 'm going to have one , " Dr. Byrne recalled .
Write to Elizabeth Williamson at elizabeth.williamson@wsj.com and Siobhan Gorman at siobhan.gorman@wsj.com
In Anthrax Case , HindsightShifts View of IvinsActions to AidProbe AppearNow As Cover-UpBy ELIZABETH WILLIAMSON and SIOBHAN GORMANAugust 9 , 2008 ; Page A2WASHINGTON --
One night in autumn 2001 , as the U.S. reeled from the worst act of bioterrorism in its history , Bruce Ivins was alone in his cluttered Fort Detrick , Md. , office , scrubbing phones , walls and furniture .
For colleagues , this was proof of the anthrax scientist 's attention to safety .
From a distance of seven years , it might be evidence of his guilt .
Bruce Ivins , shown in a 2003 photo , took an overdose of painkillers and died in an apparent suicide last week .
The FBI said the government scientist was close to being charged in 2001 's deadly anthrax attacks .
Like the detective in Agatha Christie 's play " Mousetrap " who turned out to be the murderer , Dr. Ivins played a haunting dual role in the anthrax mystery , federal law - enforcement agents say .
He was part of the team that examined the poisoned letters .
Investigators say he implicated other scientists and submitted incomplete samples to throw them off - track .
The Pentagon even adopted tips he offered to guard against the dangers of experimenting with anthrax .
The scientist 's daily presence at the alleged scene of the crime is fuel for the continuing debate as to whether the U.S. government has its man .
Friends and colleagues say the conundrum makes it impossible to differentiate between clues left by Dr. Ivins the investigator and Dr. Ivins the suspect .
Dr. Ivins killed himself last week after being informed that the Federal Bureau of Investigation planned to charge him in the murders of five people who handled the anthrax - laced letters .
His lawyer said the FBI 's case , made public Wednesday , is flawed and that Dr. Ivins would have been cleared in court had he lived .
Dr. Ivins himself seemed to think he might be two people , a sign of mental imbalance he largely hid from colleagues , according to court documents .
" Other times it 's like I 'm not only sitting at my desk , I 'm also a few feet away watching me , " he wrote in an email to an unidentified friend in April 2000 .
Colleagues held a memorial for him Wednesday at Fort Detrick .
More than 200 colleagues packed its chapel while the FBI , 50 miles south , unveiled its case against him .
Col. John P. Skvorak , commander of the army institute , saluted Dr. Ivins 's " openness , his candor , his humor and his honesty , " according to Dr. Ivins 's lawyer , Paul Kemp , who wrote the remarks down .
In the days after attacks , suspected samples of anthrax began pouring into the U.S. Army Medical Institute of Infectious Diseases .
In Room 19 of the bacteriology division , Dr. Ivins 's office was jammed with desks for six more staffers where once there had been just Dr. Ivins and perhaps one other .
" We were scared , " says Col. Arthur Anderson , who at the time was chief of laboratory medicine in the diagnostic - systems division .
Many of the scientists were seeing for the first time the weaponized version of a microbe they had worked with for years .
They were also fascinated , particularly Dr. Ivins , who talked repeatedly about the refinement of the spores sent with the Oct. 9 letter to then - South Dakota Sen .
Tom Daschle .
The spores nearly floated out of the envelope .
" The stuff just came out without any prompting , " he told Gerald Andrews , his boss at the time .
Dr. Ivins , his colleagues said , argued that al Qaeda was responsible .
" He was very passionate about this , " former boss Jeffrey Adamovicz said .
" He was very agitated . "
In these conversations , Dr. Ivins dwelled at one point on a purported link between Florida victim Robert Stevens , a photographer for American Media , and an apartment rented to 9/11 ringleader Mohammad Atta , Dr. Adamovicz said .
( The FBI discounts that as an explanation . )
To his colleagues , this kind of talk was n't unusual .
Dr. Ivins was expressing a theory commonly held in the lab and he often got emotional in the pursuit of scientific debate .
In April 2002 , researchers noticed an anthrax - laced deposit on the outside of a flask outside the biocontainment area .
The contamination spawned an investigation and a 361 - page Army report , during which Dr. Ivins admitted his unauthorized office cleanup .
He told Army investigators that he had cleaned his office the previous fall , and then again without permission in April , because " I had no desire to cry ' Wolf ! ' " and blame someone else for the spill .
The Army cleared him and adopted his recommendations to improve " cleaning inside the suites and maybe surveillance .
" A siege mentality began to build in the division , and Dr. Ivins shared in his colleagues ' resentment .
" Ever since they started calling back the people in the bacteriology division for polygraphs , they all sort of got quiet about things , " Col. Anderson said .
" Bruce was n't the only person who stopped talking .
" Meanwhile , Dr. Ivins developed hypotheses about other suspects .
In a search of his house , the FBI found an email in which Dr. Ivins names two fellow scientists , providing 11 reasons for their possible guilt .
He sent the email from a personal account to his Army account .
It is n't clear whether Dr. Ivins was puzzling over the case or whether he was plotting to divert suspicion .
He grew more critical of the investigation when it began pointing toward him in late 2006 .
In lunchtime conversations , he told colleagues he thought the FBI might be trying to set him up , Dr. Adamovicz recalled .
Dr. Ivins began poking holes in efforts to link him to the attacks , saying a positive DNA match between the anthrax in the letters and that stored at Fort Detrick would mean little " because those labs are shared , " Dr. Adamovicz said .
This spring , Dr. Ivins told a colleague , W. Russell Byrne , that he was planning to retire in September .
Dr. Byrne asked Dr. Ivins to let him know about the retirement party .
Dr. Ivins responded : " I do n't know if I 'm going to have one , " Dr. Byrne recalled .
Write to Elizabeth Williamson at elizabeth.williamson@wsj.com and Siobhan Gorman at siobhan.gorman@wsj.com
Elizabeth Williamson and Siobhan Gorman write for thethat Bruce Ivins was polygraphed only once in connection with the Amerithrax investigation , and that his having passed it excused him from a second round of polygraph screenings to which some of his colleagues were subjected :
www.thornwalker.com/ditch/snieg_conc1.htm
Table of contents .
Reader response .
The war on Iraq :
Conceived in Israel
By STEPHEN J. SNIEGOSKI
© 2003 Stephen J. Sniegoski
All rights reserved .
In a lengthy article in The American Conservative criticizing the rationale for the projected U.S. attack on Iraq , the veteran diplomatic historian Paul W. Schroeder noted ( only in passing ) " what is possibly the unacknowledged real reason and motive behind the policy  security for Israel . "
If Israel 's security were indeed the real American motive for war , Schroeder wrote ,
It would represent something to my knowledge unique in history .
It is common for great powers to try to fight wars by proxy , getting smaller powers to fight for their interests .
This would be the first instance I know where a great power ( in fact , a superpower ) would do the fighting as the proxy of a small client state . [ 1 ]
Is there any evidence that Israel and her supporters have managed to get the United States to fight for their interests ?
To unearth the real motives for the projected war on Iraq , one must ask the critical question :
How did the 9/11 terrorist attack lead to the planned war on Iraq , even though there is no real evidence that Iraq was involved in 9/11 ?
From the time of the 9/11 attack , neoconservatives , of primarily ( though not exclusively ) Jewish ethnicity and right - wing Zionist persuasion , have tried to make use of 9/11 to foment a broad war against Islamic terrorism , the targets of which would coincide with the enemies of Israel .
Although the term neoconservative is in common usage , a brief description of the group might be helpful .
Many of the first - generation neocons originally were liberal Democrats , or even socialists and Marxists , often Trotskyites .
They drifted to the right in the 1960s and 1970s as the Democratic Party moved to the antiwar McGovernite left .
And concern for Israel loomed large in that rightward drift .
As political scientist Benjamin Ginsberg puts it :
One major factor that drew them inexorably to the right was their attachment to Israel and their growing frustration during the 1960s with a Democratic party that was becoming increasingly opposed to American military preparedness and increasingly enamored of Third World causes [ e.g. , Palestinian rights ] .
In the Reaganite right 's hard - line anti-communism , commitment to American military strength , and willingness to intervene politically and militarily in the affairs of other nations to promote democratic values ( and American interests ) , neocons found a political movement that would guarantee Israel 's security . [ 2 ]
For some time prior to September 11 , 2001 , neoconservatives had publicly advocated an American war on Iraq .
The 9/11 atrocities provided the pretext .
The idea that neocons are the motivating force behind the U.S. movement for war has been broached by a number of commentators .
For instance , Joshua Micah Marshall authored an article in The Washington Monthly titled : " Bomb Saddam ? :
How the obsession of a few neocon hawks became the central goal of U.S. foreign policy . "
And in the leftist e-journal CounterPunch , Kathleen and Bill Christison wrote :
The suggestion that the war with Iraq is being planned at Israel 's behest , or at the instigation of policymakers whose main motivation is trying to create a secure environment for Israel , is strong .
Many Israeli analysts believe this .
The Israeli commentator Akiva Eldar recently observed frankly in a Ha'aretz column that [ Richard ] Perle , [ Douglas ] Feith , and their fellow strategists " are walking a fine line between their loyalty to American governments and Israeli interests . "
The suggestion of dual loyalties is not a verboten subject in the Israeli press , as it is in the United States .
Peace activist Uri Avnery , who knows Israeli Prime Minister Sharon well , has written that Sharon has long planned grandiose schemes for restructuring the Middle East and that " the winds blowing now in Washington remind me of Sharon .
I have absolutely no proof that the Bushies got their ideas from him .
But the style is the same . " [ 3 ]
In the following essay I attempt to flesh out that thesis and show the link between the war position of the neoconservatives and the long - time strategy of the Israeli Right , if not of the Israeli mainstream itself .
In brief , the idea of a Middle East war has been bandied about in Israel for many years as a means of enhancing Israeli security , which revolves around an ultimate solution to the Palestinian problem .
War and expulsion
To understand why Israeli leaders would want a Middle East war , it is first necessary to take a brief look at the history of the Zionist movement and its goals .
Despite public rhetoric to the contrary , the idea of expelling ( or , in the accepted euphemism , " transferring " ) the indigenous Palestinian population was an integral part of the Zionist effort to found a Jewish national state in Palestine .
Historian Tom Segev writes :
The idea of transfer had accompanied the Zionist movement from its very beginnings , first appearing in Theodore Herzl 's diary .
In practice , the Zionists began executing a mini-transfer from the time they began purchasing the land and evacuating the Arab tenants .... " Disappearing " the Arabs lay at the heart of the Zionist dream , and was also a necessary condition of its existence ....
With few exceptions , none of the Zionists disputed the desirability of forced transfer  or its morality .
However , Segev continues , the Zionist leaders learned not to publicly proclaim their plan of mass expulsion because " this would cause the Zionists to lose the world 's sympathy . " [ 4 ]
The key was to find an opportune time to initiate the expulsion so it would not incur the world 's condemnation .
In the late 1930s , David Ben-Gurion wrote : " What is inconceivable in normal times is possible in revolutionary times ; and if at this time the opportunity is missed and what is possible in such great hours is not carried out  a whole world is lost . " [ 5 ]
The " revolutionary times " would come with the first Arab - Israeli war in 1948 , when the Zionists were able to expel 750,000 Palestinians ( more than 80 percent of the indigenous population ) , and thus achieve an overwhelmingly Jewish state , though its area did not include the entirety of Palestine , or the " Land of Israel , " which Zionist leaders thought necessary for a viable state .
The opportunity to grab additional land occurred as a result of the 1967 war ; however , that occupation brought with it the problem of a large Palestinian population .
By that time world opinion was totally opposed to forced population transfers , equating such a policy with the unspeakable horror of Nazism .
The landmark Fourth Geneva Convention , ratified in 1949 , had " unequivocally prohibited deportation " of civilians under occupation . [ 6 ]
Since the 1967 war , the major question in Israeli politics has been :
What to do with that territory and its Palestinian population ?
It was during the 1980s , with the coming to power of the right - wing Likud government , that the idea of expulsion resurfaced publicly .
And this time it was directly tied to a larger war , with destabilization of the Middle East seen as a precondition for Palestinian expulsion .
Such a proposal , including removal of the Palestinian population , was outlined in an article by Oded Yinon , titled " A Strategy for Israel in the 1980s , " appearing in the World Zionist Organization 's periodical Kivunim in February 1982 .
Yinon had been attached to the Israeli Foreign Ministry and his article undoubtedly reflected high - level thinking in the Israeli military and intelligence establishment .
The article called for Israel to bring about the dissolution and fragmentation of the Arab states into a mosaic of ethnic groupings .
Thinking along those lines , Ariel Sharon stated on March 24 , 1988 , that if the Palestinian uprising continued , Israel would have to make war on her Arab neighbors .
The war , he stated , would provide " the circumstances " for the removal of the entire Palestinian population from the West Bank and Gaza and even from inside Israel proper . [ 7 ]
Israeli foreign policy expert Yehoshafat Harkabi critiqued the war / expulsion scenario  referring to " Israeli intentions to impose a Pax Israelica on the Middle East , to dominate the Arab countries and treat them harshly "  in his very significant work , Israel 's Fateful Hour , published in 1988 .
Writing from a realist perspective , Harkabi concluded that Israel did not have the power to achieve that goal , given the strength of the Arab states , the large Palestinian population involved , and the vehement opposition of world opinion .
He hoped that " the failed Israeli attempt to impose a new order in the weakest Arab state  Lebanon  will disabuse people of similar ambitions in other territories . " [ 8 ]
Left unconsidered by Harkabi was the possibility that the United States would act as Israel 's proxy to achieve the overall goal .
U.S. Realpolitik
In the 1970s and 1980s , U.S. Middle Eastern policy , although sympathetic to Israel , was not identical to that of Israel .
The fundamental goal of U.S. policy was to promote stable governments in the Middle East that would allow oil to flow reliably to the Western industrial nations .
It was not necessary for the Muslim countries to befriend Israel  in fact they could openly oppose the Jewish state .
The United States worked for peace between Israel and the Muslim states in the region , but it was to be a peace that would accommodate the demands of the Muslim nations  most crucially their demands involving the Palestinians .
Pursuing its policy of ensuring the security of Middle East oil supplies , by the mid 1980s Washington was heavily supporting Iraq in her war against Iran , although for a while the United States had also provided some aid to Iran ( viz. the Iran - contra scandal ) .
Ironically , Donald Rumsfeld was the U.S. envoy who in 1983 paved the way for the restoration of relations with Iraq , relations which had been severed in 1967 .
The United States along with other Western nations looked upon Iraq as a bulwark against the radical Islamism of the Ayatollah 's Iran , which threatened Western oil interests .
U.S. support for Iraq included intelligence information , military equipment , and agricultural credits .
And the United States deployed the largest naval force since the Vietnam War in the Persian Gulf .
Ostensibly sent for the purpose of protecting oil tankers , it ended up engaging in serious attacks on Iran 's navy .
It was during this period of U.S. support that Iraq used poison gas against the Iranians and the Kurds , a tactic that the U.S. government and its media supporters now describe as so horrendous .
In fact , U.S. intelligence facilitated the Iraqi use of gas against the Iranians .
In addition , Washington eased up on its own technology export restrictions to Iraq , which allowed the Iraqis to import supercomputers , machine tools , poisonous chemicals , and even strains of anthrax and bubonic plague .
In short , the United States helped arm Iraq with the very weaponry of horror that administration officials are now trumpeting as justification for forcibly removing Saddam from power . [ 9 ]
When the Iran / Iraq war ended in 1988 , the United States continued its support for Iraq , showering her with military hardware , advanced technology , and agricultural credits .
The United States apparently looked to Saddam to maintain stability in the Gulf .
But American policy swiftly changed when Iraq invaded Kuwait in August 1990 .
Neoconservatives were hawkish in generating support for a U.S. war against Iraq .
The Committee for Peace and Security in the Gulf , headed by Richard Perle , was set up to promote the war . [ 10 ]
And neoconservative war hawks such as Perle , Frank Gaffney , Jr. , A.M. Rosenthal , William Safire , and The Wall Street Journal held that America 's war objective should be not simply to drive Iraq out of Kuwait but also to destroy Iraq 's military potential , especially her capacity to develop nuclear weapons .
The first Bush administration embraced that position . [ 11 ]
But beyond that , the neocons hoped that the war would lead to the removal of Saddam Hussein and the American occupation of Iraq .
However , despite the urgings of then - Defense Secretary Richard Cheney and Undersecretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz , the full conquest of Iraq was never accomplished because of the opposition of General Colin Powell , chairman of the Joint Chiefs , and General Norman Schwarzkopf , the field commander . [ 12 ]
Moreover , the United States had a UN mandate only to liberate Kuwait , not to remove Saddam .
To attempt the latter would have caused the U.S. - led coalition to fall apart .
America 's coalition partners in the region , especially Turkey and Saudi Arabia , feared that the elimination of Saddam 's government would cause Iraq to fragment into warring ethnic and religious groups .
That could have involved a Kurdish rebellion in Iraq that would have spread to Turkey 's own restive Kurdish population .
Furthermore , Iraq 's Shiites might have fallen under the influence of Iran , increasing the threat of Islamic radicalism in the region .
Not only did the Bush administration dash neoconservative hopes by leaving Saddam in place , but its proposed " New World Order , " as implemented by Secretary of State James Baker , conflicted with neoconservative / Israeli goals , being oriented toward placating the Arab coalition that supported the war .
That entailed an effort to curb Israeli control of her occupied territories .
The Bush administration demanded that Israel halt the construction of new settlements in the occupied territories as a condition for receiving $ 10 billion in U.S. loan guarantees for Israel 's resettlement of hundreds of thousands of immigrants from the former Soviet Union .
Although Bush would cave in to American pro-Zionist pressure just prior to the November 1992 election , his resistance disaffected many neocons , causing some , such as Safire , to back Bill Clinton in the 1992 election . [ 13 ]
To part two
20年後といえば僕は51歳で、下の子がストレートなら学部を卒業して就職が決まってるかも知れない時期か。2038年問題、、、とか書いたけど、これは30年後だね。30年後にはCを扱える組込系プログラマが2000年問題の時のCobolプログラマのように方々で駆り出されてコードレビューとかやるんだろうか。
20年前といったら1988年、僕は11歳でEPSONのワープロで独自フロッピーとか50音キーボードを使ってた。調べてみるとHTMLはなかったけれどSGMLはあったし、TCP/IPもEthernetもあったんだね。ちょうどWIDEができた年か。
20 年後、 HTML は残っているか
HTTP は残っているか
TCP / IP は残っている か
上にレイヤーが追加されるか
下のレイヤーから入れ替わるか どういう時代が来るんだろうか、そのとき僕は 46 歳。
下のレイヤーが入れ替わるかって、10GbEの仕様とかみると最早CSMA/CDとかない訳で、それ名前だけEthernetだけどEthernetじゃないよね。経路制御もルーティング・プロトコルは生き残ったけれど、バックボーンではATMチックなラベルスイッチが増えているし。NGNなSIPの使い方みて「これ何てATM SVC」と考えさせられた。似た悩みを抱えて座礁しているが。
TCP も古式ゆかしきはスロースタートだったけど、それじゃパイプが埋まらないというんで、様々な拡張が施されている。お陰でWindows Vistaになって、超速ADSLとか入れなくても速くなったし、IPスタック周辺のレジストリを触っても大幅な性能向上はなくなったはずだ。
間違いなく20年後もTCP/IPは生き残っているだろうし、けれどもそれが今日のSNAみたいな過去の遺物なのかバリバリの現役なのか、アーキテクチャでみて換骨奪胎されているのか元々の思想が生き残っているのか、みたいなところは気になる。下位層では無線とか衛星通信で最適化しようとするとIPは厳しいし、上位層では遅延が大事になるとIPじゃないだろという気はする。
HTMLは十数年で換骨奪胎され尽くしているし、これからもRIAとか諸々で当分は換骨奪胎され続けるのだろう。けれどもSemantic Webに もObject Webにもならなかった 。Web 2.0 っ てOpen Source以上に中身のな いBuzz Wordだと思うよ 。Tim O'Reilly がWeb 2.0とかいう前から、CGMもpeer reputation もAJAXもあった訳でさ。オブジェクト指向なLLも十数年前からあった。
20 年前という とWindows 3.0の出る前で、やっと窓が重なるようになって、WindowsアプリとしてMacintosh Excelが移植された。Windowsの次はOS/2で、その後にUNIXの時代が来ると信じられていた。みんなDOSの上で直接ハードを叩くプログラムを書いていて、PCをリセットするために特定アドレスにジャンプするとか平気でやっていた。セグメントを超えるメモリをみるのは大変だったし、ネットとCD-ROMを同時に使おうとするとコンベンショナルメモリが足りなくなった。それは下々の話で研究室でSONY NEWSを使えれば今のPC-UNIXと似たような環境があったし、NeXT CubeではiPhoneのベースとなるプログラミング環境が既に使えた訳だ。
そういった意味で、この20年で何が最も大きな変化だったかというと恐らくテクノロジーの民主化で、20年前はカネで未来が買えたけれども、いまどきアキバの店頭に並んでいる環境と、恵まれた大学の金満研究室の環境とで大差ないのではないか。閑話休題。
まあ20年後も間違いなくWebは残っている。Web的な世界に関しては媒介するTCP/IPが今と似たようなかたちで残っている可能性が高い。いちばん変化が大きいのは最近だとAjaxみたいなプログラミングモデルのところだ。いまは強引にCometでやってるようなプッシュ通信は、もっと望ましい方法があるだろう。あとVoIPみたいな世界は本当にIPでやるべきかから疑問はあるんだけど、別のインフラに乗っている可能性がある。
いまTCP/IPで原理的に難しいのは恐らく低遅延とかマルチパスで、遅延を解こうとするとIPを捨てたくなるし、マルチパスしたければTCPを捨ててSCTPのようなTransport Protocolが欲しい。低遅延の話をすると、対戦ゲームとかロボット制御なんかで使い道がありそうだけど、それだけで新たな網を構築する投資がペイするほど大きな市場があるかは怪しい。けれどどちらも、Web的な世界の延長線上で欲しいかというと微妙だ。
IPは昔からマルチキャストとかQoSも苦手で、やるための規格は昔から山のように出てくるのだが、いつまで経っても安定しないしIPの良さが出てこない。NGNでもうまくできていないし、やっぱ難しいのかな、と。あと移動通信で電波や電池の有効利用を考えるとTCP/IP的にレイヤを切るだけでなく、上から下まで一気通貫で最適化したくなる。それがBWAとしてMobile WiMAXよりLTEが成功しそうな理由のひとつ。LTEも広い意味でコアネットワークをIP化してはいる。けれども移動通信屋さんのいうIPはアーキテクチャ的にIPなのか、単にIPヘッダのフォーマットを踏襲しているだけで、アーキテクチャとしては遠く離れたところにいるのではないかな。
どっちにして もWebもIP もEthernetも最早ブランドであって設計思想としては気付かぬように換骨奪胎されており、これらはブランドとして20年後も生き残り続けるだろうけれども、別の領域では全く違った進歩とかもあるかも知れないね、けれどもそこは僕らWeb時代の住民が頑張って開拓するところなのか、それともその時代の若者からみてWeb世代は今日のCobolプログラマーみたいな扱いを受けるのか、気になるところではある。
20年前といえばi386命令セットが既にあった訳だけど、CISC/RISC論争とか諸々を乗り越えて、これが20年近く生き残ったのは本当に奇跡じゃないかな。NTの仕様書を読むとi860向けに開発してからi486に移植してるんだよね。i80x86よりMC680x0の命令セットの方がずっと奇麗だし、いま考えると信じられないけれど、あの時代は遠からずCISC 32bitなんか陳腐化して、RISCかVLIW、そして64bitに移行すると思われていたはず。1988年にタイムスリップして、2008年になってもPCがi386命令で動いていて、MacまでIntel CPUに移行したなんて話した日には、誰からも信じてもらえずフルボッコされるんじゃないかな。
There is a war in society — Christianity versus humanism .
Too few Christians realize that the essence of the conflict lies firmly at the foundational level — creation versus evolution .
After a lecture , a young man approached me —
“ What you said … it ’s suddenly like a light bulb lighting up in my head ! ”
A young lady standing nearby stated , “ I realized today that my understanding of Christianity was like starting in the middle of a movie — you took me back to the beginning — now I understand what it is all about . ”
A middle - aged man approached , “ This information is like a key .
It not only unlocks the reason as to why we have problems in society today — it ’s the key to knowing how to be much more effective in witnessing for Jesus Christ . …
Thank you . ”
These are challenging days .
On the whole , society is becoming more anti-Christian .
We are seeing steady increases in homosexuality , support for abortion on demand , unwillingness to obey authorities , unwillingness to work , marriage being abandoned , clothing being abandoned , an increase in pornography , and an increase in lawlessness , to name but a few areas .
Christians are fighting for their freedom even in so - called “ Christian ” nations .
What has happened in society to bring about these changes ?
Why is it that many people are cynical when you talk about Christ and seem to be closed to the gospel ?
There must be some foundational reason for this change .
In this book we will discover the basic reasons why modern society has turned away from Christ .
More importantly , a biblical ( and hence , successful ) way to reclaim lives for our Saviour will be outlined for you .
Years ago , our society was based on Christian absolutes .
People knew what was right and what was wrong .
Behaviors such as sexual deviancy , easy divorce , public lawlessness , abortion on demand , pornography , and public nudity were considered to be wrong .
Varying punishments for offenders were meted out by society .
Value judgments were basically built on biblical principles ( for example , the Ten Commandments ) .
Most people accepted or respected a belief in God .
Recently more and more people have rejected the God of the Bible .
As belief in God has been abandoned , people have questioned the basis of the society in which they live .
For instance , if there is no God , then why should they obey the Ten Commandments ?
Why should anyone say that homosexuality is wrong ?
Why should women be barred from having abortions whenever they desire ?
Once people eliminated God from their consciences , they set about to change any laws based on Christian absolutes that held God as Creator ( and thus owner ) of everything .
Christian absolutes have been diluted or removed as the basis of society and replaced with a world view that says , “ We do not have to accept that the Christian way of doing things ( basing our world and life view on biblical principles ) is the only way ; we must tolerate all religious beliefs and ways of life . ”
However , this “ tolerance ” really means an intolerance of the absolutes of Christianity .
This false idea of tolerance has subtly undermined Christianity , and most Christians have not recognized what was really happening .
Many Christians have been deceived into believing they have no right to impose their views on society .
We are told , for instance , that anti-abortionists have no business impressing their particular bias on society .
Have you ever heard anyone say this about the pro-abortion groups ?
The result is one bias being imposed on society by the pro-abortionists — legalized abortion on demand !
No matter what you do , you cannot avoid the fact that a view is being imposed on someone by someone .
There is no such thing as neutrality , although many Christians become ensnared in the trap of believing there is .
It is like the many theological and Bible colleges that say , “ We do not take a dogmatic stand on Genesis .
We tolerate all views . ”
But what happens when someone comes along and says , “ Will you allow the view that says you must take Genesis literally ? ” “ Oh , no ! ” they say , “ We can not allow that view because we tolerate all views ! ”
In reality , they have taken a dogmatic stand to teach a dogmatic view to their students — a view that you do not have to take Genesis literally if you do not want to do so .
At one lecture I gave , a person said in an angry tone , “ This is not fair .
You are insisting that we take Genesis literally , that God actually took six days , that evolution is not true , and that there really was a worldwide flood .
You are being intolerant of other people ’s views .
You must show tolerance for people such as I who believe God used evolution and that Genesis is only symbolic . ”
I then asked , “ Well , what do you want me to do ? ”
The person replied , “ You must allow other views and be tolerant of opinions different to yours . ”
“ Well , ” I said , “ My view is that the literal interpretation of Genesis is the right view .
All other views concerning Genesis are wrong .
Will you tolerate my view ? ”
The person looked shocked , and he hesitated .
I could almost hear him thinking , If I say yes , then I ’ve allowed him to say you ca n’t have another view such as mine ; if I say no , then I ’ve obviously been intolerant of his view — what do I do ?
He then looked at me and said , “ That ’s semantics ! ”
What he really meant was that he had lost the argument and did not want to admit his intolerance of my position .
The fact is , he had taken a dogmatic , closed - minded position .
Occasionally people are upset when dogmatic statements are made .
They say , “ You can not be dogmatic like that . ”
This in itself is a dogmatic statement .
Many think that some people are dogmatic and others are not .
It is not a matter of whether you are dogmatic or not , but of which dogma is the best dogma with which to be dogmatized !
At one time , a group called “ Toleration ” began .
They were insisting on a tolerance of all religious ways , beliefs , and customs .
They said that we had to stop intolerance in society .
In their promotional leaflet explaining their viewpoint , it was interesting that they listed all the things they were against .
And most of the things of which they were intolerant were related to Christianity .
What they really meant was that they wanted a tolerance of anything in society , except Christianity !
The idea of open - mindedness comes from the notion that there is no such thing as absolute truth , or that truth cannot be absolutely known .
Some say , “ There are no absolutes . ”
Ironically , this premise has become their one absolute .
Such ideas are derived from an anti-biblical philosophy which holds that everything is relative .
Christian absolutes — those truths and standards of Scripture which cannot be altered — are becoming less and less tolerated in society .
Eventually this must result in the outlawing of Christianity .
When Christian absolutes were the basis of society , immoral activities such as homosexual or lesbian lifestyles and pornography were outlawed .
There has been a fundamental shift .
Our society is now based on a relative morality : that is , a person can do what he likes and is answerable to no one but himself as long as the majority of people can be persuaded that their interests are not being threatened .
This results in society ’s being told that no one can say anything against those who choose to be sexual deviants , go naked publicly , or do whatever they want ( within the limits of the law , which is also changing to become more “ tolerant ” of people ’s actions ) .
God ’s absolutes dictate that there are rules by which we must abide .
Christianity cannot co-exist in a world community with relative morality as its basis .
One or the other will yield .
There are two world views with two totally different belief systems clashing in our society .
The real war being waged is a great spiritual war .
Sadly , today many Christians fail to win the war because they fail to recognize the nature of the battle .
It is my contention that this spiritual conflict is rooted in the issue of origins ( creation / evolution ) .
Although the thought may sound strange or new to the reader , biblically and logically this issue is central in the battle for men ’s souls .
Most people have the wrong idea about what the creation / evolution question involves .
Instead of perceiving the real issue , they have been deceived into believing that evolution is science .
It is not a science at all ( refer to chapter 2 ) .
It is a belief system about the past .
We do not have access to the past .
We only have the present .
All the fossils , all the living animals and plants , our planet , the universe — everything exists in the present .
We cannot directly test the past using the scientific method ( which involves repeating things and watching them happen ) since all evidence that we have is in the present .
It is important to understand that special creation , by definition , is also a belief about the past .
The difference is that creationists base their understanding of creation upon a book which claims to be the Word of the One who was there , who knows everything there is to know about everything , and who tells us what happened .
Evolution comes from the words of men who were not there and who do not claim to be omniscient .
This whole issue revolves around whether we believe the words of God who was there , or the words of fallible humans ( no matter how qualified ) who were not there .
It is astonishing in this so - called “ scientific age ” that so few people know what science really is or how it works .
Many think of scientists as unbiased people in white laboratory coats objectively searching for the truth .
However , scientists come in two basic forms , male and female , and they are just like you and me .
They have beliefs and biases .
A bias determines what you do with the evidence , especially the way in which you decide that certain evidence is more relevant or important than other evidence .
Scientists are not objective truth seekers ; they are not neutral .
Many people misunderstand bias , thinking that some individuals are biased and some are not .
Consider an atheist , for example .
Such a person believes there is no God .
Can atheists entertain the question , “ Did God create ? ”
The answer is , “ No . ” As soon as they even allow it as a question , they are no longer atheists .
So , to an atheist scientist looking at the fossils and the world around him , it would not matter what evidence he were to find .
It could have nothing to do with biblical events , such as Noah ’s flood .
Even if he found a big boat on the top of Mount Ararat he could never allow that evidence to support the claims of the Bible regarding Noah ’s ark .
As soon as he did , he would have abandoned his atheistic religious framework .
An atheist is one hundred percent biased .
This should be kept in mind whenever one reads a textbook or sees a television program produced by an atheist .
I have seen many examples of bias exhibited in various ways .
I was on a talk - back radio show in Denver , Colorado , and the radio announcer said I had seven minutes to give the evidence for creation .
He would just sit back and listen .
So I went into detail about what the Bible says concerning Noah ’s flood , the Tower of Babel , and other related topics .
I explained how evidence from various cultures and from the fossil record supported what the Bible said .
Various other aspects of creation were explored to demonstrate the truth of the Bible .
At the end of the seven minutes the announcer made this comment on the air , “ Well , I did n’t hear any evidence for creation at all ; so much for that ! ”
Of course , what he meant was that he was not prepared to accept the evidence that I had given him because he wanted to hold on to his own bias — agnosticism .
An agnostic is one hundred percent biased .
He believes one cannot know anything for sure , so , no matter how much evidence he hears , he can still say , “ I do not know . ”
As soon as he knows , he has stopped being an agnostic .
From a biblical perspective , Romans 1 teaches that the evidence for creation is all around us and , therefore , anyone who does not believe in the Creator and Saviour is condemned .
It is also important to recognize that one does not have to see the Creator to recognize the fact of special creation .
Just because one cannot see the architect and builder who designed and constructed a house does not mean that there was not an intelligent designer behind it .
But what about a revelationist , that is , a person who believes that the God of history has revealed the truth about himself by means of a book ?
( A book which claims over three thousand times to be the Word of God . )
Can such a person consider the opposite question , that God did not create ?
No !
Because he starts with the premise that God is Creator and His word is true .
Atheists , agnostics and revelationists ( and theists ) hold to religious positions ; and what they do with the evidence will again be determined by the assumptions ( beliefs ) of their religious positions .
It is not a matter of whether one is biased or not .
It is really a question of which bias is the best bias with which to be biased .
Glaring examples of bias can be seen in public education in response to the creation ministry .
The following conversation , which is rather typical of students in the public school system , shows what bias is all about .
After a presentation on creation , one student stated , “ There is no way Noah ’s ark could be true — he could n’t have fitted all the animals on board . ”
I then asked the student , “ How many animals would he have needed to have put on board ? ”
He gave the usual reply : “ I do n’t know , but it certainly could n’t have happened . ”
I then asked him “ how big was the ark ? ”
Again he answered , “ I do n’t know , but he could n’t have fitted the animals on board . ”
In other words , here is a student who did not know how big Noah ’s ark was , or how many animals God would have needed to put on board , but he has already decided it is a fairy tale that could not have happened .
At one town a keen supporter of creation ministries told how he had spoken to fellow academics at a local university concerning Noah ’s flood .
They , of course , mocked and scoffed at the idea .
He then mentioned that someday someone may find Noah ’s ark on Mount Ararat .
One fellow academic turned to him and said that even if they found a big boat that looked like Noah ’s ark on the top of Mount Ararat and dragged it to the main street of the city , he would still refuse to believe it .
His bias was showing .
There have been many occasions where I have been able to give a convincing and logical presentation to the students .
Many of them then looked to their teachers to try to make some point that could demonstrate where I was wrong .
It is easy to read the expressions on the students ’ faces .
They are saying that this all sounds convincing but surely there must be something wrong with it because they really do not want to believe that the Bible is true .
A teacher may respond by asking a question that sounds to the student as if the teacher has proven me wrong .
In the students ’ eyes there is no way that I would be able to answer the question .
Often students spontaneously break into applause ( their way of rejoicing over what they think is my demise ) .
However , it is interesting to watch their faces and see their jaws drop when I am able to give a reasonable answer to the question — they are back where they started .
It is sad to see that , for many of them , they have already made up their minds and decided they really do not want to believe the Bible .
I am often asked how people change their biases .
This is a good question .
As a Christian , the only way I can answer is to say that in this area it has to be a work of the Holy Spirit .
The Bible teaches that we either walk in the light or in darkness ( Acts 26:18 ) , gather or scatter , are for Christ or against Him ( Matt. 12:30 ) .
The Bible clearly declares that no person is neutral and that each one does have a bias .
Since it is the Holy Spirit who convicts and convinces people of the truth , it is only through the work of the Holy Spirit that our biases can change .
As Christians , our job is to bring the Word of God to people in a clear and gracious way , and pray that the Spirit might use our words to open hearts and minds to Christ .
I believe Christians understand bias better than others .
All Christians were once lost sinners biased against God .
They have seen how Jesus Christ can change their bias as He transforms their lives through the power of His Spirit .
Basis Influence Bias Atheism
No god exists
Ca n’t consider creation 100 % Agnostic
Do n’t care
Ca n’t know
Do n’t know Must exclude definite role of God
Open ?
100 % Theism God deduced
No absolutes 100 % Revealed God revealed to man Absolute reference points 100 %
One of the reasons why creationists have such difficulty in talking to certain evolutionists is because of the way bias has affected the way they hear what we are saying .
They already have preconceived ideas about what we do and do not believe .
They have prejudices about what they want to understand in regard to our scientific qualifications , and so on .
There are many examples of evolutionists who have totally misunderstood or misinterpreted what creationists are saying .
They hear us through their “ evolutionary ears , ” not comprehending in the slightest the perspective from which we are coming .
As creationists , we understand that God created a perfect world , man fell into sin , the world was cursed , God sent Noah ’s flood as judgment , and Jesus Christ came to die and be raised from the dead to restore all things .
In other words , our message is one of creation , Fall , and redemption .
However , because evolutionists are used to thinking in “ uniformitarian ” terms ( i.e. , basically the world we see today — the world of death and struggle — has gone on for millions of years ) , they do not understand this creationist perspective of history .
An interesting example came when Dr. Gary Parker was debating a professor from LaTrobe University in Victoria , Australia .
One of the evolutionist ’s “ refutations ” of creation centered around his assertion that there were too many imperfections in the world to have been made by a Creator .
This particular evolutionist would not understand , even after it was clearly presented , that the world we are looking at today is not the same world that God created because of the effects of the Fall and flood .
To understand the creation / evolution issue correctly , one must have a complete understanding of the beliefs adhered to by both creationists and evolutionists .
In another example , an evolutionist biologist said that if God made all the animals during the fifth and sixth days of creation , why do n’t we find parakeets and mice in the Cambrian strata alongside trilobites ?
Dr. Parker then explained that parakeets and mice do not live in the same environment as the trilobites .
Dr. Parker explained to this scientist that the fossil record should be seen in terms of the sorting action of a worldwide flood .
Because animals and plants live in different areas , they would have been trapped in sediments representative of their particular environment .
Again , we see bias causing a misunderstanding that so many have of the creationist position .
The reader needs to be aware that , when we discuss creation / evolution , in both instances we are talking about beliefs , that is , religion .
The controversy is not religion versus science , as the evolutionists try to make it out .
It is religion versus religion , the science of one religion versus the science of the other .
Evolution is a religious position that makes human opinion supreme .
As we shall see , its fruits ( because of rejection of the Creator and Lawgiver ) are lawlessness , immorality , impurity , abortion , racism , and a mocking of God.
Creation is a religious position based on the Word of God , and its fruits ( through God ’s Spirit ) are love , joy , peace , patience , kindness , goodness , faithfulness , gentleness , and self - control .
The creation / evolution issue ( is God Creator ? ) is the crux of the problems in our society today .
It is the fundamental issue with which Christians must come to grips .
The creation / evolution issue is where the battle really rages .
When Rowan Williams was appointed Archbishop of Canterbury almost exactly six years ago , one Church of England bishop is said to have rolled his eyes heavenwards and murmured : " God save us from a holy bishop . "
That was not the general view at the time .
Williams 's appointment as the 104th archbishop since St Augustine was broadly welcomed , both within the church and even from the massed choir of leader - writers and commentators , as an inspirational one .
At last , after decades of decline , dismay and disillusionment under dull , wily or managerial primates , there was to be a leader who was not only an intellectually brilliant theologian , but someone who was a wonderful speaker , almost ostentatiously spiritual , a deep thinker and self - evidently holy .
If anyone could reverse the decline and lead the renewal of the established church , Williams was that man .
He might even be its last chance .
At the time , the anonymous bishop 's remarks seemed out of joint .
But now many are not so sure whether holiness is enough and Williams can handle the crisis tearing Anglicanism apart .
As he prepares to welcome the bishops of the worldwide Anglican communion to their once - a - decade meeting at the Lambeth conference tomorrow , his first as Archbishop of Canterbury , Williams knows that as many as a quarter will not turn up and that there are open challenges to his leadership of the third largest Christian denomination , both from across the world and within the Church of England .
Last week , as the Anglican general synod in York overruled his advice to provide stronger safeguards for those opposed to women bishops - even though he himself is in favour of women in the episcopate - he sat with his head in his hands .
Derided by conservatives , despaired of by progressives , his leadership flounders in division and dismay .
One archbishop from outside the church said : " There is an unholy alliance of Church of England dissidents and the disaffected .
The potential for further disintegration is clear .
Quite honestly , his personality and way of doing things are not geared for conflict diplomacy .
He means well .
He 's a godly man , but he 's theorising when what is needed is action .
" Is he the wrong person to deal with this ?
He looks for consensus where there is none and , when you listen to everyone , you end up losing sight of the plot .
The gifts for which he was chosen are being stifled .
It 's a tragedy .
I am sorry for a man who wants to do what 's best but does n't see it in terms of leadership .
He has all the gifts to be a professor or an academic , but not an archbishop .
What is needed is someone who can get their sleeves rolled up and provide some downright unintellectual leadership . "
With the Anglican communion crumbling around his ears ; with revolt among the remaining rump of high Anglo - Catholics over the church 's palsied progress towards women bishops ; with conservative evangelicals around the world in alliance with some African primates against any accommodation with gay people and with a fierce internecine struggle over authority and property in the sister American Episcopal church , Williams must wonder whether it would n't have been better to do what he considered as a student and become a Catholic instead .
As he shuts the double doors leading to his family 's gloomy second - floor flat in Lambeth Palace , among its gothic battlements and surrounded by the high wall that once kept out the London mob , the archbishop must reflect on what on earth he has taken on .
" He thinks it 's horrible , " says one close to him .
Even worse , he must ask himself whether he might be the last Archbishop of Canterbury to preside over the worldwide Anglican communion , which stretches across 164 countries in 38 church provinces and still claims to be the third largest Christian denomination .
It notionally embraces 70 million followers , though as a third of those are English , of whom fewer than a million go to church in any given week , the number of true believers is much smaller and - as with many other denominations - sinking .
Power struggle
If this ever was a dispute about what the church thinks men get up to in bed together , or even , as evangelicals like to claim , about scriptural authority and obedience to the Bible , it now looks much more like a highly politicised power struggle for the soul of Anglicanism , with the archbishop stuck in the middle , trying to hold the show together .
Are they people of the Book , or people of the Spirit : governed by indelible words and rules laid down 2,000 years ago , or by the evolving spirit of Christian understanding in a changing world ?
Some evangelicals are demanding a church within a church with their own disciplinary structures and self - appointed tests for orthodoxy ; some archbishops claim loudly that the church is broken ; others will not share communion - the fundamental test of fellowship - with those they deem unclean because of their liberalism towards gay people .
Although archbishops of Canterbury have only seen themselves as leading a truly international church in the last 50 years , just as the British empire evaporated , the office has always remained a central focus of Anglicanism .
Part of the definition of being an Anglican is that you are in communion with Canterbury .
But now Anglicans are at each other 's throats , seemingly obsessed to the exclusion of what might be thought rather more important matters of faith and Christian concerns , such as world poverty .
Williams himself has come under almost continuous , virulent and often vicious attack from Anglicans who think of themselves as Christians .
Is the game worth the candle ?
Is it worth all the effort to keep Anglicans singing from the same hymn sheet ?
" There is a martyrdom complex there , " says one senior cleric who has known the archbishop for many years .
" He believes this is a cross he has to bear .
I 've heard him say it . "
There is also concealed anger , according to another friend , a former primate .
" He is exploding with anger ...
He can hardly bear to hear the names of some of the bishops who are causing him grief . "
And not only bishops .
This is David Virtue , an American blogger of the spittle - flecked variety : " Williams puts collegiality ahead of gospel truth .
That wo n't fly with these folk any more .
The schism has already been caused by the liberals and pan-sexualists .
If there is a break ... it is precisely because of the intransigence of the liberals and Affirming Catholics like Williams who want to change what revealed truth is .
" The post - colonial mentality of Williams and the Church of England hierarchs ... are appalling examples of xenophobia .
The vast majority of the Anglican communion will no longer take it .
They are done .
Their leaders have tolerated the patronising tones of Williams long enough . "
This is just the small change of daily abuse from Virtue and other online commentators and so far the reverse of truth or reason as to be risible .
Although Anglicanism has gone through previous crises , this is the first to be fomented and exacerbated by the internet .
Not so long ago , it would have taken weeks to get a letter to Nigeria and then a response .
Now , Peter Akinola , Archbishop of Abuja , one of the leaders of the conservative faction , a man who says homosexuals are worse than beasts , can be juiced up to outrage within minutes .
This was him at a meeting of conservative Anglicans in Jerusalem last month : " We must rescue what is left of the Church from the error of apostates ... we cannot dare not to allow ourselves and the millions we represent to be kept in a religious and spiritual dungeon ...
We can no longer trust where some of our Christian leaders are taking us . "
Not all African Anglicans think like Akinola .
Njongo Ndungane , recently retired Archbishop of Cape Town , says : " There is a lack of charity , tolerance and magnanimity , a lack of listening and understanding , and Rowan has been taken advantage of .
Our strength is unity but instead colleagues are focusing on the disintegration of the communion .
They are fixated on one issue .
It 's a power - play going on . "
Williams has tried hard to steer a middle course .
It has not stopped him suffering regular abuse , more repeatedly , harshly and degradingly than most - he has had dog excrement in the post - but on a more concerted and organised scale than his predecessors .
He 's meekly taken it too : " The trouble with Rowan , " Richard Chartres , the Bishop of London , once boomed , " is he 's too damn Christian towards these people . "
Not that Williams has the united support of the English bishops .
Factionalism is rife with ambitious men such as Rochester 's Michael Nazir - Ali , overlooked when Williams was appointed and again when John Sentamu was made Archbishop of York , scarcely giving Williams his support .
Nazir - Ali may be a darling of the rightwing press for saying rude things about the Islam of his forebears , but he is not collegiate , or broadly liked even by fellow evangelicals among his colleagues - some of whom regard him as arrogant and patronising .
Nazir - Ali was one of two English bishops to attend the Jerusalem gathering where he spoke in barely veiled terms about his disdain for the church leadership .
He will boycott the Lambeth conference , 20 miles down the road from his diocese .
Conservative evangelicals in the C of E never liked Williams 's appointment .
From the start they harangued him as a heretic and false teacher , words which ring archaically in the 21st century even from men ( it 's always men ) who go on to tell you seriously that the 17th - century Reformation still needs to be finished .
Philip Jensen , dean of Sydney Cathedral and brother of the city 's archbishop , Peter , who is one of the leaders of the insurgency , even called him a " theological prostitute " .
Such men would not allow the Archbishop of Canterbury to preach anywhere near their pulpits lest he infect their congregations with falsehood .
What they do n't like is that Williams has in his academic past suggested that sexually active , partnered gay people might actually have a part in church life .
In a lecture in 1989 , long before he became a bishop , while he was still Oxford 's Lady Margaret professor of divinity , he said : " If we are afraid of facing the reality of same - sex love because it compels us to think through the processes of bodily desire and delight in their own right , perhaps we ought to be more cautious of appealing to scripture as legitimating only procreative heterosexuality . "
Williams has never recanted his views .
But he has also never been forgiven by gays and liberal Anglicans for forcing Jeffrey John , a celibate gay theologian , to stand down after he had previously agreed to his appointment as suffragan bishop of Reading in 1993 .
The climbdown came following pressure from conservative evangelicals who enlisted support not only from bishops but from leaders such as Akinola .
Williams , less than a year in office , thought the appointment would split the communion .
It did n't help that the American diocese of New Hampshire was at the same time electing ( in contrast to the church here , where soundings are taken and then prime ministers appoint and the Queen approves ) a partnered gay bishop of its own , Gene Robinson - and he could not be forced to resign .
Five years on , the fury remains .
Here 's Marilyn McCord Adams , the American theologian who is Oxford 's regius professor of divinity : " He has undermined us big time .
He 's not a good leader - he'd be better to be what he was before , a bishop in a small diocese .
" With its current attitudes to gays and women , what intelligent English person is going to think it is good to be part of the Church of England ? "
Or Richard Kirker , leader of the Lesbian and Gay Christian Movement in Britain : " I wonder whether Rowan 's desire to hold the communion together has been more important to him than making it clear where he stands .
Leadership is about clarity of vision , not appeasing factions with irreconcilable differences .
The evangelicals have never been in the compromise business .
They 've been indulged and emboldened . "
Confused
The US and Canadian churches also feel confused and abandoned .
Robinson 's election was the excuse for some conservatives in the traditionally socially liberal Episcopal church to launch their attempt to dissociate themselves by setting up their own networks , supervised by province - breaking African bishops .
The Africans have even started making some of the conservatives bishops in their own churches - Rwanda has nearly as many American bishops in its church as Rwandans - entirely against Anglican traditions of episcopal autonomy .
Liberal American bishops - many of them old friends of Williams , who knows the US well - have been baffled by his apparent unwillingness to understand their democratic polity .
Although some who consecrated Robinson privately now say it was a mistake because it upset the rest of the communion so much , they insist that he was properly chosen and rightfully elected .
It exasperates them that the archbishop has spoken as though the Episcopal church is evenly divided , when actually its schism involves half a dozen dioceses out of 113 , and that it took Williams four years to attend a meeting of the US bishops in New Orleans last September .
By all accounts , they were distinctly unimpressed - and he and his staff were surprised to find that the Americans were serious and godly men and women , not the atheistic ogres painted by their opponents .
There are complaints on all sides about the calibre of the archbishop 's staff - mediocre , indolent and out - of - touch , say many , preferring to keep their man walled up at Lambeth .
But they can point to what happens when he gets loose , as with his much - criticised speech on incorporating aspects of sharia law into the English legal system .
Williams did not consult his staff before making the speech , otherwise they would have advised him to reword it .
But he does n't always listen to that sort of advice , from men less clever but more worldly then he is .
There is still something of the don about him .
He has lots of study time and last year , amid the Anglican crisis , took three months off in which he completed a 110,000 - word book on Dostoevsky .
Admirable though such detachment is , it leaves an impression of drift , often dressed up as an example of his reflectiveness , allowing time for wounds to heal , for the greater good to prevail .
Actually , it may be just cluelessness .
One former primate says : " I once asked Rowan what his strategy was .
He twitched his eyebrows and said , ' There is no strategy . '
That shocked me . "
The crisis has just got worse , however , with the vacuum of leadership .
Williams sometimes seems to bear the imprint of whoever last sat on him , translated as , in the words of Akinola , overheard chortling to colleagues at a primates ' meeting : " He 'll do what we tell him . "
But Williams 's supporters say this is deliberate : he does n't " do " leadership like his predecessors : his is a collegiate , consensual approach .
Martyn Percy , principal of Ripon College Cuddesdon , the theological training college near Oxford , says : " He is deeply unpopular because he looks dithery and prevaricative , but the institution is woolly and thick - knit .
He has this theological vision to hold all this together .
Rowan is calling the church to account and sacrifice .
There should be no reason to break apart : that would be failure .
He 's a priest and teacher , not a CEO . "
Nevertheless the void has been filled by more determined and aggressive characters than he and disaffection is spreading .
The recent meeting of evangelicals in London attracted far more attendees than the organisers expected .
Stupid
" It was n't just the usual suspects , " one evangelical English bishop said .
" The church will have to take them more seriously , but the House of Bishops is n't ready to do that .
He 's lost the respect of liberal catholics over the gay issue and conservative evangelicals do n't like him because they are too stupid to understand his theological nuances and think he is n't a proper Christian .
History will judge Rowan to have been much more effective than people like to suggest .
The Lambeth conference and the Anglican communion are busted flushes now , but that 's not Rowan 's fault for trying . "
The insurgent coalition remains confused : American high church Catholics making convenient common cause with English , African and Australian evangelicals such as the Jensens who say they could never attend a high church mass .
They want their definition of Anglican orthodoxy imposed , but not by an archbishop with views such as Williams's .
They insist they are not leaving , but that is possibly because they mostly have nowhere else to go .
Anglicanism remains , in the old evangelical phrase , a convenient boat to fish from : outside the seas are dark and choppy .
They would not have the status of the institution , its buildings or its resources .
Alister McGrath , one of the most respected moderate evangelical academics , said : " It is not Rowan 's fault that he is left looking like King Canute .
Big cultural forces are causing the church to split and what held it together in the past is no longer there .
While there are undoubtedly theological issues , it is also profoundly political .
" Rowan has a very high view of unity and has worked hard , but it is not going to be enough .
It is virtually impossible to achieve consensus and it is very difficult to exercise leadership in that context .
Leadership is about more than finding consensus - you also have to map out the route that you believe to be right . "
What is constantly overlooked is that the archbishop of Canterbury has purely symbolic influence , not power .
He can't impose his will even on the Church of England , let alone the other provinces of the worldwide communion .
What the position has is authority .
What it has lost is respect .
CV
Background Born 1950 , in Swansea , where his father was a mining engineer .
Married to Jane , with whom he has two children , Rhiannon and Pip .
Education Christ 's College , Cambridge , BA 1971 , MA 1975 .
Wadham College , Oxford , PhD 1975 .
Work Theology lecturer , College of the Resurrection , Mirfield , West Yorkshire 1975 - 77 ; ordained priest in 1978 ; canon theologian , Leicester Cathedral 1981 - 1982 ; dean and chaplain , Clare College , Cambridge 1984 - 1986 ; Lady Margaret professor of divinity , University of Oxford 1986 - 91 ; Bishop of Monmouth 1991 - 2002 ; Archbishop of Wales 1999 - 2002 ; elected as Archbishop of Canterbury in 2002 .
Publications Prolific author and essayist on philosophy , theology and religious aesthetics .
Recent work examines contemporary cultural and interfaith issues .
Recreations music , fiction , languages
Sometimes towards us , mostly away .
All too often things that seem so hard for me , seem to come easily to others .
Two cats , and a dog in the yard .
The cats in my life are feral , and the dogs pit bulls .
I keep plugging along .
Even if I do n't have a fireplace , I 'll light the fire , in my heart , in my soul .
The meanest alley , in the roughest neighborhood can still yield a dandelion or milkweed , a flower , that can be placed in a jar .
I 've been told that cardboard furniture is the new " chick " thing in interior design .
Although I really need it now , I 'm tempted to list the old box that serves as my table on Craigslist .
You never know , after all , life does turn on a dime .
This could be my lucky day .
May I recommend for your enjoyment : Can I speak my mind ?
You may also enjoy reading :
You could always trust good old Maggie
I am by no means ready to die !
So , with that fact established , let 's begin at the beginning :
See links for all the Genesis posts to date : Genesis Through My Eyes
In my not too distant past , if I were to see a street person , a bum , sleeping in a door front or on a park bench , I would have kept my distance and perhaps shrugged my shoulders . :
He had the " smarts " to ask someone where to go , I did n't
Fortune has allowed me to come full circle and return to my earlier interest in photography .
I am at that age were some weight loss would be beneficial .
I certainly do n't believe all photographers need to starve , but my initial goals are realistic , if not humble .
The industry has changed tremendously , but the possibilities are unlimited .
I am grateful that my parents ' gave me a generic name .
It 's allowed me to explore numerous paths unhindered .
" I continue to seek exquisite beauty in my images , exploring all techniques , old and new " .
web blog : Epicurean Health
web blog : Comics Legends and Lore
web blog : Timeless Snippets
Time - less- imageGoogle +
103806632217634359479
I always knew being a professional athlete meant making serious sacrifices and that gymnasts do n’t really have a childhood , but this like modern day torture to me .
It ’s nice to compete and win a title for your country but I have to wonder if it ’s worth going through all this …
As a parent I could n’t let my kids go through anything like this , no matter how much I wanted them to be successful in sports , it ’s just too much .
Matt Martin Thursday 21st August 2008
Share this article Share
Companies in this article id software
id Software 's CEO Todd Hollenshead has stated that he believes PC manufacturers ' acceptance of piracy and the sharing of content the user does not pay for is the PC hardware industry 's " dirty little secret " .
According to Hollenshead , manufacturers are secretly happy with levels of piracy in the industry as it helps to sell hardware .
" I think that there 's been this dirty little secret among hardware manufacturers , which is that the perception of free content - even if you 're supposed to pay for it on PCs - is some sort hidden benefit that you get when you buy a PC , like a right to download music for free or a right to download pirated movies and games , " said Hollenshead in an exclusive interview published today .
" I think that if you went in and could see what 's going on in their minds , though they may never say that stuff and I 'm not saying there 's some conspiracy or something like that - but I think the thing is they realise that trading content , copyrighted or not , is an expected benefit of owning a computer . "
Hollenshead - famed for PC titles Doom , Quake and the forthcoming Rage - believes that PC manufacturers will obviously speak out against piracy in public , but the enormity of the problem is evidence that it 's being largely ignored by hardware companies .
" I think that just based on their actions ... what they say is one thing , but what they do is another .
" When it comes into debates about whether peer - to - peer file - sharing networks that by - and - large have the vast majority , I 'm talking 99 per cent of the content is illicitly trading copyrighted property , they 'll come out on the side of the 1 per cent of the user doing it for legitimate benefit .
" You can make philosophical arguments that are difficult to debate , but at the same time you 're just sort of ignoring the enormity of the problem , " he said .
The title might be inaccurate , because if you ’re anything like me then the more terrible the movie , the more I love it …when it comes to Lifetime Movies .
Give me a bad soundtrack , overacting and horrible cinematography and I ’m a happy camper .
In other words , give me a Lifetime original movie .
Truthfully , though , many of these movies have redeeming qualities .
I ca n’t quite remember what they are , but I ’m certain they have them .
In fact , most Lifetime Original Movies have a moral to the story … some wisdom to impart on the masses … so we can all learn and grow as people while we watch snippets of movies between ads for Target and Benefiber .
Without further ado , here are the top ten worst Lifetime Movies :
10 . Cyber Seduction : His Secret Life
He was a good kid who had it all … until he discovered adult movies .
Or did they discover him ?
Either way , after the adult films he was n’t such a good kid anymore .
He became secretive and soon it became an addiction .
Lucky for him his unsavory travels led him right to the hot but fast girl at his school ( that ’s one heck of a social networking story , folks ) who intends to deflower him .
Does he get deflowered ?
Does he disappoint his worried mother ( played by Kelly Lynch , who has played some pretty sexy roles herself ) ?
Do you really care ?
9. Imaginary Playmate
See a clip from the movie .
Dina Meyer ( pretty Dizzy from Starship Troopers and of the Saw movies ) marries a perfect hunky guy with an adorable little daughter .
Her ideal view of life is shattered when she realizes that not only do her husband and little stepdaughter love their deceased wife / mother more than her , but that the aforementioned wife / mother is haunting them !
Hunky husband man does n’t believe her , even when the ghost lady makes her miscarry .
Hunky but disheveled man friend believes her , and maybe ( maybe , because we ’re never told ) THEY live happily ever after , since after the ghost lady tries to kill her daughter she presumably kills her husband , leaving stepmommy and daughter to …what ?
Be haunted by both of them ?
Move on with their lives ?
I guess it leaves it up to you , the viewer , to decide .
8. Baby For Sale
OK .
Really bad title .
The premise is interesting .
The Johnsons are unable to conceive a child .
Mrs. Johnson ( Dana Delany ) does n’t feel great about the adoption process so she looks into buying a baby .
Illegal ?
Yes .
But ( according to the movie ) only a misdemeanor .
They hook up with a Hungarian lawyer who finds them a little Hungarian baby and they are all ready to sign the bill of lading or whatever when all of the sudden … the price goes up !
What ?
All of the sudden the Johnsons are stuck in an all - out bidding war for this black market Hungarian baby .
On second thought , maybe this should have been number one …
7. A Face To Kill For
Come with me on this , because you ’re going to be confused when you read the first part of number six .
Allison ( played by Crystal Bernard ) is a horse ( trainer ?
rider ?
jockey ? ) with a disfigured face .
She has a creepy husband who frames her for a crime and she gets sent to prison for it .
In prison she meets a friend who tells her to stand up for herself .
She gets out of prison , gets all empowered and gets plastic surgery .
Then she sets out to get even with the bad guy .
As a side note , stay tuned for the upcoming list Top Ten Worst TV / Movie Crimes Committed By Stars of the Show Wings .
6. A Face To Die For
It should be a sequel , right ?
Nope .
Emily is a poor disfigured - faced girl whose rat friends set her up for robbery .
She goes to prison , and somehow manages to get some plastic surgery making her into the beautiful Emily , hell - bent on revenge and played by none other than Yasmine Bleeth .
Costarring Robin Givens .
Maybe based on the same book as A Face To Kill For. Certainly just as crappy .
5. A Killing Secret
High school sweethearts Nicole and Greg have a great and wholesome relationship …except for the fact that Greg meets up with a poor girl from the wrong side of the tracks for sex .
Sex !
In an abandoned shack , no less .
Old Greg thinks he has it good until he meets his hovel ho for a romp and she tells him she ’s ( gasp ! ) pregnant !
Oh no !
That wo n’t do !
The pregnant girl ( played by Punky Brewster herself , Soliel Moon Frye ) tells Greg she wants to keep the baby .
Greg then does the only thing he can do .
He kills her , wraps her body in plastic , and dumps it .
Nice girl that she is , Greg ’s girlfriend Nicole gets worried when she finds out a poor girl from school ’s gone missing .
She finds out Greg ’s secret , and he tries to kill her before breaking down and having a big sissy crying fit .
4. I Do , But I Don’t
Denise Richards .
Need we say more ?
OK .
Denise Richards in a total ripoff of The Wedding Planner .
Still need more ?
Denise Richards as a wedding planner ’s assistant whose every move and thought is narrated by voice - over .
Denise Richards as a wedding planner ’s assistant who falls for who she thinks is the client ’s GROOM ( and still flirts with him anyway , even though she ’s divorced from a mean husband and presumably really , really values the commitment of marriage ) but it turns out that the guy ( played by Dean Cain ) is really the groom ’s BROTHER .
Totally predictable except for the characters hop in the sack at the first possible opportunity , and then have an excruciatingly drawn out sex scene to the tune of “ The Way You Look Tonight ” and grin maniacally at each other the whole time .
Good times .
3. More Of Me
Oh please no .
Molly Shannon and Stephen Weber ( of Wings and Single White Female fame ) star in this crapulent piece of work about an overworked mom who wishes incarnations of herself into being .
The result is a Multiplicity ( remember that movie with Michael Keaton ?
Yeah .
Us either . ) type romp with the other Molly Shannons wrecking even more havoc on her already out - of - control life .
I read somewhere that Stephen Weber looked embarrassed to be in this movie , and then I remembered that he was willing to die from a stiletto heel in the eye , and as long as you ’re known as the “ death - by - stiletto ” guy , you really should n’t be sanctimonious like that .
2. My Stepson , My Lover
Tell us you do n’t really need to know more about this movie .
What ’s in a name ?
The basic plot : nice nurse falls in love with mean , mustached husband ’s son .
Mean mustached husband is played by Terry O’Quinn ( Locke on Lost ) and the hunky , lusty stepson is played by Joshua Morrow of Young and The Restless Fame .
The nice nurse is played by British actress Rachel Ward ( of the Thornbirds ) who attempts a North Carolina accent with Mr. Higgins ’ marbles presumably still in her mouth .
Nursey is acquitted of her husband ’s untimely demise , only to find out that loverboy killed his dad to have Nursey all to himself .
Gee .
That plotline sounds kind of familiar .
Nursey finds out her boy toy is a murderous patriciding fiend and he , in a fit of rage , falls of a cliff .
Thus Nursey is a rich widow with a poor invalid stepson who fill finally consent to buttoning his shirt all the way up .
Fantastic .
1. Maternal Instincts
The funniest thing about this flick is that I did n’t know ( and after some internet research realize that others had the same question ) whether this was supposed to be real or a spoof .
Tracy Horton , a woman desperate to have a baby .
Turns out that she has cancer , and the only way to save her life is to give her a hysterectomy .
She is , sadly , not awake for this decision so her husband and best friend make it for her .
A shrieking and overacting Delta Burke plays Tracy who goes for vengeance , killing her husband , breaking pencils , and chasing her pregnant doctor around a boiler room with an enormous wrench .
Bottom line is that Delta puts the “ hysteria ” into hysterectomy , and even though it ranked worst , it is the first Lifetime Original Movie I would recommend .
So there .
Liked it ?
Take a second to support Toptenz .net on Patreon !
Other Articles you Might Like
Astute observers might have noticed my name on the release note for the latest version of Scala .
Alas , not because I ’ve been involved in reengineering the compiler from the ground up and making Scala into a dependently typed purely functional language with backwards in time debugging , but because I ’ve added a bunch of collections implementations to the standard library .
This post is just a brief introduction to them .
Performance disclaimer :
All numbers I mention in this post should be assumed to be referring to specific results in specific tests run on one computer .
Consequently they ’re at most a guideline and should n’t be assumed to be hard and fast rules about performance
Immutable collections
There are a number of immutable map implementations included .
The principle inspiration for this is that I have a bit of a hatred of the standard immutable HashMap implementation .
It ’s mutable behind the scenes , which means that it has to synchronize in weird ways and is thus unsafe for passing between multiple threads .
Additionally it means that it has a lot of correctness problems , and has performance characteristics more like that of a mutable map ( in particular a very low degree of sharing between distinct instances )
All three immutable map implementations I ’ve provided are truly immutable .
They do n’t use mutation behind the scenes and will have a fairly high degree of sharing between distinct instances .
They do n’t synchronize and should generally be rather more reliable .
Unfortunately they ’re also somewhat slower .
The numbers for this are all a bit suspect as they ’re extremely dependent on number of cores , cache size , etc . so vary from computer to computer , but because of the tree based implementation instead of the array based one they may be about a factor of two slower on get and update ( on the other hand , Ismael Juma has reported them being somewhat faster on get in some tests on his machine .
Like I said , the numbers are hard to make precise ) .
Curiously , and I ’m not entirely sure why in some cases , they appear to be dramatically faster on bulk operations like map , foreach and filter .
Additionally in algorithms which can benefit heavily from sharing they may give you a better algorithmic complexity .
When should you use these ?
Well , I ’m probably going to use them by default when I want immutable maps , and not just because I ’m biased . :-)
They ’re never dramatically slower than the standard immutable HashMap and are occasionally dramatically faster .
Additionally there are a lot of nice correctness advantages ( at least , I hope so !
I certainly do n’t promise that they ’re bug free , but I ’ve tested them reasonably heavily ) .
As a general point of advice : None of the immutable collections performance is that great .
If you need to build a collection once and then never modify it and you have fairly stringent performance requirements , you may be better building a mutable one and then calling readOnly on it .
It wo n’t give you an order of magnitude speedup , but it will definitely be faster .
immutable .
IntMap & immutable .LongMap
This is a pair of data structures specialised for integer and long keys respectively , implementing Okasaki and Gill ’s “ Fast Mergeable Integer Maps ” .
As well as the standard operations for immutable maps they offer a number of additional methods for merging two maps together ( most of which I think should probably be added to immutable .
Map ) .
immutable .
TreeHashMap
TreeHashMap should be a drop in replacement for the standard immutable .
HashMap .
Its implementation is as an IntMap of hash codes to lists of key value pairs ( well , it ’s not literally a List [ ( K , V ) ] , but it ’s the same idea ) .
Mutable collections
By and large there are n’t correctness problems with Scala ’s mutable collections .
The main problem with them is that they ’re a bit slow .
So I added two alternative implementations which should be significantly faster .
ArrayStack
The most natural way to build an iterator over a tree is by using a stack to simulate recursion .
So that ’s what I did when I built the iterator for IntMap .
To my great surprise it was incredibly slow .
About 5 times slower than that of HashMap’s .
So I rewrote it to use a special purposed implementation of a fixed depth stack and it promptly sped up by an order of magnitude ( so it ’s now about twice as fast as HashMap ’s ) .
This was a little shocking , so I investigated and discovered that the mutable stack in the standard library was not exactly brilliantly implemented and was based on a linked list .
This was a bit sad , so I provided this implementation based on a growable array .
It also contains some useful methods for stack shuffing that the existing one does n’t .
OpenHashMap
When I was benchmarking the immutable map implementations I also tried them against the mutable implementations and discovered that jcl .
HashMap was significantly faster than mutable .
HashMap .
This was a bit sad , so I decided to fix it by providing a faster mutabe map implementation .
After some experimenting I settled on this implementation which is based on an open hashing scheme approximately borrowed from Python ’s dictionary implementation .
Interfacewise , it ’s just another mutable map .
However it does have the nice feature of providing guarantees about certain types of mutations you can do during iteration .
Specifically , you are allowed to delete keys and modify the values of existing mappings ( but not add new mappings ) while iterating .
" If we do n't believe in freedom of expression for people we despise , we do n't believe in it at all . "
- Noam Chomsky
Is it acceptable for a student to hotly contest his professor ?
When may an apprentice argue with his master ?
Or when may a lowly skeptic like myself loudly disagree with a widely known and respected figure ?
Suppose a top politician , entertainment figure , or sports star said it did n't really matter who shot Lincoln or why , who attacked Pearl Harbor , the Alamo or the USS Liberty .
Imagine the derision .
Imagine the ridicule .
Imagine the loss in credibility and marketing revenue .
Now imagine if a well - respected academic " who should know better " said exactly the same thing .
It does n't really matter who committed a great crime ; history had nothing to teach us ; we should never waste precious time trying to apprehend the perpetrators , nor understand their motives but focus only on the outcome of their foul deeds .
Well , that is exactly what Noam Chomsky appears to believe .
Do not focus on the plot or the plotters or the clever planning of any crime but only the aftermath .
Strangely , I had always thought Linguistics was the scientific study of language rather than a lame attempt at disinformation .
Noam Chomsky is a brilliant man .
According to his Wiki Bio , Chomsky holds honors and degrees from well over forty colleges and universities .
His books enjoy a wide popularity and critical acclaim .
He holds a PHD in Linguistics and lectures worldwide , and much of what he has said or written resonates with a certain insight that might appeal to the Founding Fathers .
Recently one of his overseas lectures caused a firestorm of controversy , but if you simply got your news and opinion from the mainstream media , you would never have known .
Chomsky spoke of a topic he had written about " 911 -- and yet brushed the topic aside with an off - hand remark .
Seems Chomsky spoke to a modest gathering of acolytes in Budapest , Hungary .
On the video , we see Chomsky relaxed , surrounded by wine bottles , banners in the background .
The moderator asked him a two - part question regarding the repercussions of 911 and towards the end he says : " Even if ( 911 conspiracy theories ) were true , which is extremely unlikely , who cares ?
It does n't have any significance .
It 's a little bit like the huge energy that 's put out on trying to figure out who killed John F. Kennedy .
Who knows ?
And who cares ?
Plenty of people get killed all the time , why does it matter that one of them happened to be John F. Kennedy ?
If there was some reason to believe that there was a high level conspiracy , it might be interesting .
But the evidence against that is just overwhelming .
And after that , if it happened to be a jealous husband , or the mafia , or someone else , what difference does it make ?
It 's just taking energy away from serious issues onto ones that do n't matter . "
Who cares ?
As one respondent to the YouTube video wrote : " This guy has lost all credibility when he says investigating mass murder and coups d'etat takes energy away from ' serious matters ' .
What could be more serious ? "
Unfortunately for Mr. Chomsky , nearly a half million ( and counting ) viewers have watched that rare six minute performance , captured at an odd moment of frankness .
Indeed , nearly twice as many viewers have heard Noam , s true opinion of two catalytic events that spawned imperial American hubris then have bought Noam , s book on 9 - 11 .
Is Chomsky relevant anymore ?
Seriously , a public figure , lauded as the most brilliant intellectual of his day , who brushes aside two key events that triggered massive US policy change , enormous changes that affected the rest of the world ; does this intellectual retain any merit as a clear thinker ?
To remark flippantly , " who cares " about the assassination of a American political leader despised by The Pentagon , the FBI , CIA and Mafia , not to mention oil tycoons and arms dealers , is the sort of inanity normally reserved for Fox News hosts .
Especially curious , since Chomsky stated : " People will want to know what you mean .
Why did you say that ?
You 'd better have a lot of evidence . "
Yes .
Evidence is ammunition , as any good CSI knows .
But suppose this evidence is never allowed in a court of law , never allowed in the mainstream media , never allowed a forum in the very controlled system Chomsky derides ?
Clearly , here is a man who adheres to a widely held theory of attacking the branches of evil .
1 . Speak from an ivory tower but rarely take a cutting tool in hand , unless when advising others .
2 . Lecture at length , inspire others to unselfish acts of civil disobedience or quiet resistance , but rarely perform such acts yourself .
3 . Become a widely - heralded critic of the state from within a respected state institution .
In 1963 , at the time of the JFK assassination , Chomsky was a tenured professor at MIT .
Did he ever discuss world events such as this in the faculty lounge with his fellow professors ?
Did any of them ever draw conclusions ?
Did any of them observe the immediate escalation of the Vietnam War by LBJ ?
If not , how could any of these men , or anyone else for that matter , consider themselves intellectuals ?
Only after FOUR YEARS of escalation did Chomsky deign to pen an essay for The New York Times Review of Books .
At the time he claims , " I was very much involved in the resistance movement in the 1960's .
In fact , I was just barely -- the only reason I missed a long jail sentence is because the Tet Offensive came along and the trials were called off .
So I was very much involved in the resistance , but I was never against the draft . "
Resistance ?
By penning an essay to the NYT Review of Books ?
By 1968 I was in a military jail .
Sentenced to thirty five days for AWOL , car theft and refusing to become a Security Policeman , likely bound for Vietnam .
But then , I had never heard of Noam Chomsky ; I had simply listened to my conscience and determined the war in Vietnam did not require my presence there , nor did it to my sworn oath to protect the Constitution from all enemies , foreign or domestic .
Consider then Chomsky on dissenting discussion : " The smart way to keep people passive and obedient is to strictly limit the spectrum of acceptable opinion , but allow very lively debate within that spectrum - even encourage the more critical and dissident views .
That gives people the sense that there 's free thinking going on , while all the time the presuppositions of the system are being reinforced by the limits put on the range of the debate . "
Brilliant , would n't you say ?
But then Chomsky himself limits the discussion of the pivotal events of 911 or JFK , with exactly the same derision , as the mainstream media .
But since Chomsky wrote a book called 9 - 11 , one would think that to " allow very lively debate , " would include discussion of the very topic he wrote about .
I mean if you wrote a book called " Bass Fishing , " and people attempted to discuss the myriad ways of bass fishing and you waved them away , most fishing aficionados would rightly conclude you were either a hypocrite , a poseur or a pompous ass .
Previous to the 9 - 11 attack , talk radio host , Alex Jones remarked : " Chomsky , you 're a New World Order shill , and I 've got twice the brain you 've got with both arms tied behind my back . "
Since Jones predicted the attack prior to 911 , and what that event might mean to the average American , Jones appeared to be right .
Noam no longer mattered .
Many of Chomsky 's biggest fans have noticed an aversion to connect 911 with huge crimes of the state .
The off - hand remarks on YouTube only verify what many feel .
For many Americans , 911 was the key that fully opened Pandora , s Box , releasing this up - armored imperialism , this New World Order .
Why , many wonder , is Chomsky averse to speak out against the imperial juggernaut that used this singular event to launch an American Blitzkrieg in the Middle East ?
As top detectives always ask : Cui bono ?
Dissident , novelist and resident skeptic , Douglas Herman resides near Bullhead City , Arizona and knows less than he claims and more than given credit for .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) 
Snack lovers , rejoice : Munching on potato chips just got a little healthier .
Four food manufacturers agreed to reduce levels of a cancer - causing chemical in their potato chips and french fries under a settlement announced Friday by the state attorney general 's office .
California sued H.J. Heinz Co. , Plano - based Frito - Lay , Kettle Foods Inc. , and Lance Inc. in 2005 , alleging they violated a state requirement that companies post warning labels on products with carcinogens .
The companies avoided trial by agreeing to pay a combined $ 3 million in fines and reduce the levels of acrylamide in their products over three years , officials said .
" Other companies should follow this lead , " Attorney General Jerry Brown said , calling the settlement " a victory for public health . "
Acrylamide forms naturally when starchy foods are baked or fried .
Studies have shown the chemical , which also has industrial uses , causes cancer in lab animals and nerve damage to workers who are exposed to high levels .
The Food and Drug Administration is researching whether acrylamide in food poses a health risk .
" Everybody 's trying to figure out how to lower levels ( of acrylamide ) without significantly , adversely affecting taste , " said Michele Corish , an attorney for Lance , which produces Cape Cod chips .
Corish said the modified snacks will be available nationwide .
Messages left with the other three companies were not immediately returned Friday night .
The attorney general 's office said the levels of acrylamide in most Cape Cod chips are already near the compliance level as defined by the settlement .
However , Brown said Cape Cod Robust Russets contain 25 times the acceptable amount .
Corish said " Robust Russets " chips are no longer being sold .
According to the terms of the settlement , Frito - Lay , which is owned by PepsiCo Inc. and produces most of the chips sold in California , will pay $ 1.5 million and chip - maker Kettle Foods will pay $ 350,000 in penalties .
Heinz , which produces frozen fries and tater tots , agreed to pay $ 600,000 .
Lance will pay $ 95,000 .
The state also sued McDonald 's Corp. ; Wendy's International Inc. ; Burger King Corp. ; KFC , a subsidiary of Yum Brands Inc. ; and Procter & Gamble Co. over acrylamide levels in 2005 .
Those lawsuits were settled after the companies agreed to either properly label their products or lower levels of the chemical .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The Bush administration took office amid heavy criticism of Mr. Clinton ’s last - minute pardons , most notably to Marc Rich , the fugitive financier whose ex-wife had donated to Mr. Clinton ’s presidential library .
Image Michael Milken , the former junk bond king turned philanthropist , as he left Federal Court in Manhattan in April 1989 .
Credit ... Keith Meyers / The New York Times
Against that backdrop , Mr. Bush has made little use of his clemency powers , granting just 157 pardons and six commutations .
By comparison , over eight years in office President Ronald Reagan granted clemency 409 times and Mr. Clinton 459 times .
More than half of Mr. Clinton ’s grants came in his final three months .
Fred F. Fielding , the White House counsel , declined to be interviewed about clemency plans .
Erik Ablin , a Justice Department spokesman , said the administration was committed to “ giving each clemency petition received the careful review that is necessary to make an appropriate recommendation . ”
Mr. Ablin noted that any cases left unresolved by Mr. Bush would stay open for his successor .
As the administration wrestles with the cascade of petitions , some lawyers and law professors are raising a related question : Will Mr. Bush grant pre-emptive pardons to officials involved in controversial counterterrorism programs ?
Such a pardon would reduce the risk that a future administration might undertake a criminal investigation of operatives or policy makers involved in programs that administration lawyers have said were legal but that critics say violated laws regarding torture and surveillance .
Some legal analysts said Mr. Bush might be reluctant to issue such pardons because they could be construed as an implicit admission of guilt .
But several members of the conservative legal community in Washington said in interviews that they hoped Mr. Bush would issue such pardons  whether or not anyone made a specific request for one .
They said people who carried out the president ’s orders should not be exposed even to the risk of an investigation and expensive legal bills .
“ The president should pre-empt any long - term investigations , ” said Victoria Toensing , who was a Justice Department counterterrorism official in the Reagan administration .
“ If we do n’t protect these people who are proceeding in good faith , no one will ever take chances . ”
Last week the satanic Dwemthy ’s Array was released into the quiet , pious town of Java programming .
{
A , B } Both Java permutations used reflection to emulate some dynamic properties of the original , a recipe for sad exception handling if there ever was one .
But it was helpful to be reminded of a few techniques to fight the clutter beast in Java code , even if defeating it is impossible .
The crux of the Ruby original is probably that method_missing can make an array act as one of its elements , which is the sort of thing Ruby is good at .
An interesting topic to explore !
But the game itself is cool , and after seeing the comment
# lettuce will build your strength and extra ruffage # will fly in the face of your opponent !!
it became pretty impossible not to translate it into the house favorite language , Scala .
There is no sense in imitating the dynamic typing pirouettes of the original using Scala , but this Dwemthy permutation will try to make up for the lost dynamic awesome with other kinds of awesome that Scala is good at , like functional programming and mostly painless typing .
And , Scala like Ruby allows you to define methods that look like operators , declare multiple base types in one file , and it has an interpreter .
That way the player can load a single source and play within the interpreter , which is the real ultimate power of Dwemthy .
The Java implementations , with their class source file ensembles and keyboard input loops , have shown up at the beach wearing business casual yet again .
// clock - seeded pseudorandom sequences are for sharing !
object Random extends Random trait Creature { val life :
Int val strength :
Int val charisma :
Int val name : String // abstract type to escape from square braces [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] type Copy <: Creature def copy ( life : Int ) : Copy def rand ( until : Int ) = Random.nextInt( until ) def hit ( damage : Int ) = copy ( ( rand( charisma ) match { case p_up if p_up % 9 == 7 => printf ( " [ %s magick powers up %d ! ]
" , name , p_up ) p_up / 4 case _ => 0 } ) + life - damage match { case death if death <= 0 => printf ( " [ %s has died . ]
" , name ) death case l => l } ) }
A Creature is something that can be hit with damage and that has certain attributes .
Note that these are immutable .
The hit method returns a new copy of the Creature with a new life value , thus it requires an abstract method to produce this copy and an abstract type to say what that copy will be .
Otherwise , the value returned by hit would simply be a Creature and we could no longer use the wonderful weapons that only the rabbit possesses .
You can do the same thing with type parameters , but the abstract type is self - documenting and does n’t clutter up the class / trait introduction with distracting symbols .
Pattern matching !
If you want to know why it ’s used here instead of a plain old if s , the answer is that match gives you a nicely scoped reference to its input object .
That makes it easier to write functions that evaluate to a single expression instead of a series of expressions and a bunch of values for things that you need to use just twice .
Although , it seems like there may be an even more awesome way to do this kind of thing ; if you know one , please do n’t keep it to yourself !
trait Enemy extends Creature { // enemies beget enemies type Copy = Enemy // and hold one ( 1 ) weapon val weapon : Int }
Yep .
In the Ruby version , rabbit has a weapon value that is n’t used in normal gameplay , so here in pedantic typing land we will just put that right in Enemy where it belongs .
Also now the Copy type is set once and for all enemies with this trait .
case class Rabbit ( rem_life : Int , bombs : Int ) extends Creature { // and rabbits make ...
MORE RABBITS type Copy = Rabbit val life = rem_life val strength = 2 val charisma = 44 val name = " Rabbit " def fight ( enemy : Enemy , weapon : Int ) = if ( life <= 0 ) { printf ( " [ %s is too dead to fight ! ]
" , name ) ( this , enemy ) } else { //
Attack the opponnent val your_hit = rand ( weapon + strength ) printf ( " [ You hit with %d points of damage ! ]
" , your_hit ) val damaged_enemy = enemy hit your_hit //Retaliation println ( damaged_enemy ) ( if ( damaged_enemy.life >
0 ) { val enemy_hit = rand( damaged_enemy.weapon + damaged_enemy.strength ) printf ( " [ Your enemy hit with %d points of damage ! ]
" , enemy_hit ) this hit enemy_hit } else this , damaged_enemy ) } def copy ( life : Int ) = new Rabbit ( life , bombs ) // little boomerang def ^ ( enemy : Enemy ) = fight ( enemy , 13 ) // the hero 's sword is unlimited !!
def / ( enemy : Enemy ) = fight ( enemy , rand ( 4 + ( enemy.life % 10 ) * ( enemy.life % 10 ) ) ) // lettuce will build your strength and extra ruffage // will fly in the face of your opponent !!
def % ( enemy : Enemy ) = { val lettuce = rand ( charisma ) printf ( " [ Healthy lettuce gives you %d life points !!]
" , lettuce ) Rabbit ( life + lettuce , bombs ) .
fight ( enemy , 0 ) } // bombs , but you only have three !!
def * ( enemy : Enemy ) = if ( bombs <= 0 ) { println ( " [ UHN !!
You 're out of bombs !! ] " ) ( this , enemy ) } else Rabbit ( life , bombs - 1 ) . fight ( enemy , 86 ) } object Rabbit extends Rabbit ( 10 , // life 3 ) // bombs
( Ruffage is condensed roughage . )
This is pretty self explanatory maybe .
All case classes get a halfway decent automatic toString that prints their constructor values .
The deal with fight and all the weapon - specifc methods is , they return a tuple made up of your guy and the enemy .
We need this because both usually change in one turn , thanks to retaliation .
// the P is for '' ' ' PRIME '' '' case class Enemy P ( life : Int , strength : Int , charisma : Int , weapon : Int , name : String ) extends Enemy { // https://lampsvn.epfl.ch/trac/scala/ticket/321 grrr !!!
def copy ( life : Int ) : Enemy = Enemy P ( life , strength , charisma , weapon , name ) } //
Critters are easy to define trait Critter extends Enemy { def copy ( life : Int ) : Enemy = Enemy P ( life , strength , charisma , weapon , name ) }
Done !
Now we can conjure ScubaArgentine .
object ScubaArgentine extends Critter { val life = 46 val strength = 35 val charisma = 91 val weapon = 2 val name = " Scuba Argentine " }
And have an interpretive fight .
scala > var play = Rabbit / ScubaArgentine
[ You hit with 5 points of damage ! ]
Enemy P ( 41,35,91,2 , Scuba Argentine )
[ Your enemy hit with 27 points of damage ! ]
[ Rabbit has died . ] play : ( Rabbit , Enemy ) = ( Rabbit ( - 17,3 ) , Enemy P ( 41,35,91,2 , Scuba Argentine ) )
Aw .
You can see that toString is not ideal .
We ’ll get back to that , and the names .
For now , replay the match until rabbit survives a round .
play is the only variable in this game , so that it can be updated and reused with each turn .
scala > play = Rabbit / ScubaArgentine
[ You hit with 2 points of damage ! ]
Enemy P ( 44,35,91,2 , Scuba Argentine )
[ Your enemy hit with 0 points of damage ! ] play : ( Rabbit , Enemy ) = ( Rabbit ( 10,3 ) , Enemy P ( 44,35,91,2 , Scuba Argentine ) )
Now we ’re talking .
And to play the next turn :
scala > play = play ._1 % play._2
Or
scala > play = play match { case ( r , e ) => r % e }
And so on !
( The interpreter ’s input history is helpful . )
Now for the evil DwemthysList .
// is - NOT - a - list - but - * has * - one and that will have to do class Dwemthys List ( head : Enemy , tail : List [ Enemy ] ) extends EnemyP ( head.life , head.strength , head.charisma , head.weapon , head.name ) { override def copy ( life : Int ) = if ( life <= 0 ) { if ( tail.isEmpty ) { println ( " [ Whoa .
You decimated Dwemthy 's Array ! ] " ) head.copy ( life ) } else { printf ( " [ Get ready .
%s has emerged . ]
" , tail.head.name ) new DwemthysList( tail.head , tail.tail ) } } else new DwemthysList ( head.copy ( life ) , tail ) } // but can - construct - as - a- list !
implicit def list2dwemthy ( list : List [ Enemy ] ) = new DwemthysList( list.head , list.tail )
The awesome dynamicy implicit was J. I. ’s idea .
That list2dwemthy will turn a regular list into a DwemthysList whenever one is required .
And finally , code is data or whatever .
object IndustrialRaverMonkey extends Critter { val life = 46 val strength = 35 val charisma = 91 val weapon = 2 val name = " IndustrialRaverMonkey " } object DwarvenAngel extends Critter { val life = 540 val strength = 6 val charisma = 144 val weapon = 50 val name = " DwarvenAngel " } object AssistantViceTentacleAndOmbudsman extends Critter { val life = 320 val strength = 6 val charisma = 144 val weapon = 50 val name = " AssistantViceTentacleAndOmbudsman " } object TeethDeer extends Critter { val life = 655 val strength = 192 val charisma = 19 val weapon = 109 val name = " TeethDeer " } object IntrepidDecomposedCyclist extends Critter { val life = 901 val strength = 560 val charisma = 422 val weapon = 105 val name = " IntrepidDecomposedCyclist " } object Dragon extends Critter { val life = 1340 // tough scales val strength = 451 // bristling veins val charisma = 1020 // toothy smile val weapon = 939 // fire breath val name = " Dragon " } val dwlist = List ( IndustrialRaverMonkey , DwarvenAngel , AssistantViceTentacleAndOmbudsman , TeethDeer , IntrepidDecomposedCyclist , Dragon )
Now you can attack the list .
scala > var play = Rabbit / dwlist
Maybe you will win — anything is possible !
Hint , try not to forget the game is played in a programming environment .
Dwemthy did n’t say anything about writing recursive functions , so , why not .
Simple algorithms have been known to get to the dragon , but probably can’t beat him without overflowing int .
Yeah it ’s that serious .
And about that toString — lame .
Ruby has a much nicer display of the attributes than the case class is giving , at least the way it ’s used here .
Lamer still is the fact that we ’re naming the creatures with Strings instead of using type information , but , that ’s harder than it looks .
Can you even get that information at construction time ?
In a trait ?
Maybe a lazy val would work , but then the case class wo n’t output it ?
There has got to a way to improve the name and status printing without a bunch of uglycode .
And since the source above is hosted at the new technically .us git node , you can totally clone and branch .
But whatever you do , do not put a variable in there or Dwemthy will personally show you a whole new world of hurt .
Tellingly , the type of companies placing bets on the field has started to expand .
The earliest were small start - ups founded by people with more technological vision than business experience .
Now some of the giants of global business , including Honeywell , Dupont , General Motors , Shell and BP , are taking stakes in the nascent industry .
The dream of making fuel from plants is almost as old as the internal combustion engine .
Henry Ford himself was fascinated by the idea , and it re-emerges in periods of fuel scarcity and high prices .
These days , advancing technology has made the notion more plausible .
Virtually any material containing hydrogen , carbon and oxygen could potentially be turned into motor fuel .
That includes plastics , construction debris , forest and lawn trimmings , wood chips , wheat straw and many other types of agricultural waste .
The potential fuels include ethanol , which can be blended with gasoline , or other liquids that could displace gasoline or diesel entirely .
Government studies suggest the country could potentially replace half its gasoline supply in this way — even more if cars became more efficient .
The government is pushing to get the industry off the ground .
Legislation passed last year mandates the use of 36 billion gallons of biofuels a year by 2022 , less than half of it from corn ethanol .
Almost all the rest is supposed to come from nonfood sources , though the requirement could be waived if the industry faltered .
“ One has to say upfront that what Congress has done is remarkable in its bravery , ” said David Morris , vice president of the Institute for Local Self Reliance , a group in Minneapolis that advocates biofuels .
Image KL Process Design is using pine waste to make ethanol .
The lab manager , Audra Locke , right , with a sample .
Credit ... Dick Kettlewell for The New York Times
Much of the new money flowing into the field is coming from Silicon Valley , where the venture capitalists who gave the world the Internet revolution see an opportunity to do something similar with the fuel supply .
A C.D.C. spokeswoman said Dr. Alcabes ’s estimates were incorrect because the new figures could not be used to calculate the total number of people with H.I.V .
The C.D.C. does not know the total number but is expected to determine it later in the year .
The C.D.C. , the federal agency responsible for tracking the AIDS epidemic in the United States , said its new monitoring system provided more precise estimates than were previously possible of new infections in specific populations .
Infection rates among blacks were found to be seven times as high as for whites ( 83.7 per 100,000 people versus 11.5 per 100,000 ) and almost three times as high as for Hispanics ( 29.3 per 100,000 people ) , a group that was also disproportionately affected .
The C.D.C. has known of the new figures since last October , when the authors completed a manuscript and sent it to the first of three journals .
But the agency refused to release the findings until they were published in a peer - reviewed medical journal .
The first two journals rejected the authors ’ request for a fast - track review .
The paper is being published in the Aug. 6 issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association .
The journal and the disease centers had planned to release it at a news conference on Sunday at the opening of the 17th International AIDS Conference here .
But the paper was released on Saturday because the embargo was broken .
A number of leading health experts have criticized the agency for not releasing the information earlier .
On Nov. 21 , C.D.C. officials told AIDS advocacy groups and reporters that the data would be released soon .
In an editorial on June 21 , The Lancet , an internationally prestigious journal published in London , severely criticized the disease centers for failing to release the information and said , “ U.S. efforts to prevent H.I.V. have failed dismally . ”
Dr. Gerberding , in defending the decision not to release the data earlier , said : “ This paper has been scrutinized by some of the best statisticians in the country and is much better now than when we started this process .
It was so complicated that even I , who has some expertise in this area , could not stand by it without making sure we had gone through the review process . ”
She added , “ This is one of those examples where getting the external review process to really scrutinize the paper , pick it apart , build it back up , has in my opinion fundamentally improved it . ”
The healthy English breakfast .
Mathematics is often used to study evolution , whether that be the evolution of animal species , the evolution of viruses or the evolution of language .
A recent study has taken this one step further by modelling the evolution of national cuisine , and it was found that even though there are wall - to - wall celebrity chefs on television these days trying to broaden our culinary horizons , our cultural cuisines are largely the same as they were almost 100 years ago .
The paper
The non-equilibrium nature of culinary evolution , published in the Institute of Physics ' New Journal of Physics , shows that three national cuisines — British , French and Brazilian — have their own idiosyncrasies that have remained largely unchanged over time , despite many other cultural changes in the countries .
Osame Kinouchi , Adriano J. Holanda and Antonio C. Roque from the Departamento de Física e Matemática , Rosa W. Diez - Garcia from the Departamento de Clínica Médica , and Pedro Zambianchi from Faculdade Bandeirantes — all from the University of São Paulo — compiled statistics on national culinary traits by examining recipes from the medieval cook book Pleyn Delit and three authoritative cook books from Britain , France and Brazil — The New Penguin Cookery Book , Larousse Gastronomique and Dona Benta respectively .
The authors found that national cuisines are affected by the founder effect , an effect most often concerned with biology .
In biology , the effect refers to the loss of genetic variation when a new colony is established by a very small number of individuals from a larger population .
Traits that may be unpopular within the larger group as a whole may become more established in the new group if its founders randomly had a higher proportion of that trait .
For example , imagine a population of ants is 90 % brown and 10 % yellow .
If a new colony of ants is founded by a random collection of 5 brown and 7 yellow ants who get separated from the main group , the new colony will have more yellow ants than the original group — there is a nice animation of this on the Evolution website .
In terms of food , the founder effect explains why some idiosyncratic ingredients occur and perpetuate in the national cuisines .
The authors examined time , the number of ingredients and the number of recipes published in each cook book as variables to assess how diets have evolved .
By using three editions of the Brazilian cook book Dona Benta ( from 1946 , 1969 and 2004 ) , they found that the rank and importance of idiosyncratic local ingredients , such as chayote , remained much the same despite the change in Brazil from a regional food profile to a more globalised cosmopolitan profile .
The authors said of these occurrences : " Some [ improbable ] ingredients present in the initial recipes have a strong difficulty of being replaced and can even propagate during culinary growth .
They are like frozen ' cultural ' accidents . "
The researchers found that the statistical hierarchy of ingredients in each country 's cook book can be represented by Zipf 's law .
Zipf 's law arose out of an analysis of language by linguist George Kingsley Zipf , who theorised that given a large body of language ( that is , a long book — or every word uttered by Plus employees during the day ) , the frequency of each word is close to inversely proportional to its rank in the frequency table .
That is :
whereis close to 1 .
This suggests that the most frequent word will occur approximately twice as often as the second most frequent word , which occurs twice as often as the fourth most frequent word , etc .
A famous study of the Brown Corpus found that its words accorded to Zipf 's law quite well , with " the " being the most frequently occurring word ( accounting for nearly 7 % of all word occurrences — 69,971 out of slightly over 1 million ) , and " of " the second most frequent ( 3.5 % of all words ) .
The São Paulo authors found that this statistical distribution holds true for each cook book with the idiosyncratic ingredients having higher positions in their national lists .
The rankings of ingredients in the Brazilian cook book remained stable over time , despite the cultural changes of the country .
By comparing ingredients with similar rankings across the cook books the authors concluded that national menus evolve in similar ways .
So , next time you are tucking into your English breakfast , Aussie BBQ , American hamburger , German sausage or Canadian pancake , do n't feel so bad — there are evolutionary reasons for eating such fatty food !
Plus extra :
Never one to turn down a challenge , Plus set about seeing if the frequency of words on all Plus pages matches the Zipf distribution .
As you can see in the chart below , it fits remarkably well !
The most popular word on Plus is " the " .
" The " is mentioned 114001 times , or 6.86 % of all words .
Second in line is " of " occurring 62964 times , and third is " to " , occurring 45045 times .
Unsurprisingly , the word " maths " features more highly than in normal usage , coming in at 40th place having been mentioned 4829 times .
" Mathematics " is at 51st and " mathematical " at 54th .
" Plus " comes in at 76th , having been mentioned 2454 times .
Only words mentioned more than 10 times were plotted .
The frequency of words on Plus fit the Zipf distribution very well .
A similar test has been done on word usage in wikipedia .
It was found that Zipf 's law holds true for the top 10000 words .
How ' Conspiracy Kooks ' Became
More Credible Than the White House
by Maureen Farrell
A BUZZFLASH READER COMMENTARY
" Basically , all the conspiracy theories about
secret societies wanting
to take over the world are wrong . "
- Daniel Pipes
Anyone who 's ever tuned into the History Channel 's " Secret Societies " recognizes these quotes from its opening segment .
As part of the " History 's Mysteries " series , " Secret Societies " is a fun , often sensational journey inside the world of would - be cabals and plots for world domination .
Featuring volleyed testimony from various experts , the program mixes factual information and historical trivia with open speculation on the role secret societies may have played in these events .
" Do shadowy and clandestine groups really rule the world ? " host Arthur Kent campily inquires , before hinting at hidden subtext behind historical moments .
During the 1980 presidential campaign , for example , the History Channel reports that Ronald Reagan repeatedly expressed a distrust of secret societies and promised that Skull and Bonesman , Council on Foreign Relations ( CFR ) member and Trilateral Commission alumni George Bush would not be offered a position in his administration .
Yet during the Republican Convention , Reagan broke tradition by making a late - night dash from his hotel room to the convention floor and declaring George Bush his running mate .
The Iran hostage situation was miraculously resolved the day Reagan was sworn in .
Ever since Prescott Bush was penalized for trading with the Nazis during World War II and the words " George Bush of the CIA " surfaced on a 1963 FBI report on the JFK assassination , the Bush family has been tied to speculation .
And certainly , October Surprises and Iran / Contra add to the intrigue while links between the Bushes and the Hinkleys and Bushes and bin Ladens have not gone unnoticed .
Regardless how entertaining this speculation may be , however , reasonable people have historically heard the word " conspiracy " and rejected theories outright -- even those theories that later proved to be true .
And given a choice between the conspiracy theorists and debunkers , they 've tended to take the road less kooky .
In the History Channel - extracted exchange above , for example , CFR member Daniel Pipes clearly asserts the more sensible view .
Serving on three editorial boards and working on four presidential campaigns , this author of CONSPIRACY : How the Paranoid Style Flourishes and Where It Comes From once headed the Foreign Policy Research Institute , which is funded , in large part , by conspiracy - monger Richard Mellon Scaife .
Pipes is also known for his latest endeavor , Campus Watch , ( http//www.campuswatch.org) wherein he actively encourages " the paranoid style " by targeting professors who do n't tow his politically correct line .
Monitoring Middle East Studies professors , Pipes ' group scours educators ' work for bias and enlists students and academics who are " interested in promoting American interests on campus " to spy and tattle .
A professor who is concerned about Dick Cheney 's $ 73 million in business transactions with Iraq ( even as sanctions continued to kill 5,000 Iraqi children monthly ) , for example , might be wise to keep his mouth shut , else possibly be listed on Pipes ' website and become besieged with hate mail and death threats .
What was Pipes saying about paranoia , again ?
Now that debunkers like Pipes have been linked to conspiracies to squelch dissent and Bush 's official national security policy openly expresses a desire for dominance and control , is it any wonder conspiracy theories thrive ?
From the 2000 election to unanswered Sept. 11 questions to outright fabrications over Iraq , the president has repeatedly proven that he will lie shamelessly in order to garner more power for himself and his cronies .
The shroud of secrecy under which the administration operates only serves to fuel speculation , while last minute GOP sneakiness , like the maneuvers that ballooned the 32 page Homeland Security Bill to nearly 500 pages virtually overnight , prove once again whose side theses folks are on .
One hastily added amendment to the Homeland Security bill , for example , which was rumored to have been added at the White House 's request , is the provision under which pharmaceutical companies would be protected from lawsuits .
Currently , 150 lawsuits have been filed against vaccine manufacturers , alleging that mercury preservatives within measles , mumps and rubella vaccines caused their children 's autism ( the New York Times recently dubbed this " the not - so - crackpot autism theory " ) .
This amendment , which has nothing to do with Homeland Security , would limit compensation to $ 250,000 .
Even more sinister , however , is that this provision reintroduces proposals which were previously rejected by most states in last years '
Model State Emergency Health Powers Act ( MEHPA ) .
Calling for mandatory vaccination , MEHPA allows for confiscation of real estate , food , medicine and other property ; and outlines plans to herd afflicted citizens into stadiums .
Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson urged state legislatures to adopt the act , providing all the proof conspiracy theorists needed to prove that the U.S government was using 9/11 to impose a reign of tyranny .
The mysterious deaths of 15 microbiologists following the attacks did n't help .
Yet according to the American Association of Physicians and Surgeons , under this Homeland Security provision , MEHPA would be all but reborn under section 304 , subsection C of the bill .
Tommy Thompson would be given sweeping powers to unilaterally declare an emergency and order forced vaccinations , detainment and quarantines .
Bemoaning that the provision was " snuck into the bill at the last minute , " Rep. Ron Paul ( R - TX ) said , " It is hard to think of a more blatant violation of liberty than allowing government officials to force people to receive potentially dangerous vaccines based on hypothetical risks . "
Some , like Dr. Len Horowitz , long ago speculated that the Bush administration might use a biological attack to suppress civil liberties .
" This is standard Machiavellian theory in practice , " he said .
" These political and public health problems are created to effect outcomes that have been prepared for in advance and are consistent with economic , political and ideological orientations consistent with population control , better known as genocide .
In summary , it is managed chaos and very deadly . "
If that 's too X - Filish , others merely point out how dangerous new vaccines might be , given the rise in the number of Americans suffering from neurological and autoimmune disorders since 1971 , when smallpox vaccines were halted .
Today , twice as many children and young adults suffer from asthma and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) , three times as many suffer from diabetes , and autism has increased 200 to 600 percent .
As Barbara Loe Fischer reported for the National Vaccine Information Center , a vaccine for smallpox " would be given to children already receiving 37 doses of 11 other live virus and killed bacterial vaccines , including diphtheria , pertussis , tetanus ( DPT ) , polio , measles , mumps , rubella , ( MMR ) haemophilus influenzae B , hepatitis B , chicken pox , and pneumococcal vaccines . "
Thirty years ago , most American children were only receiving immunizations for DPT , polio , measles and rubella .
Representative Paul also complained that Homeland Security Bill " expands the federal police state " and " gives the federal government new powers and increases federal expenditures , " while media watchdog groups reported that other provisions added would make requests under the Freedom of Information Act easier to squelch .
Sen. Patrick J. Leahy ( D - VT ) said the disclosure rules represent " the most severe weakening of the Freedom of Information Act in its 36 - year history , " adding they had been inserted in the bill " behind closed doors . "
Sen. Robert Byrd also voiced concerns that the amendments would " give the president carte blanche to expand the culture of secrecy that now permeates this administration . "
If passed , last minute changes to the bill would also give the federal government permission to monitor citizens ' internet use , e-mail , travel plans , credit - card purchases and other personal data .
Headed by John Poindexter , in the Information Awareness Office , Americans can rest assured that " bringing dignity to the White House " means hiring a five - time felon to keep an eye on them .
The Information Awareness ' logo , an all - seeing eye hovering atop a pyramid contains the slogan " Scientia Est Potentia " ( " Knowledge Is Power " ) and is eerily similar to the illuminati symbol on the dollar - which fuels conspiracy theorists all the more .
" What people are going to see is going to make their hair curl , " David Icke promised the History Channel .
" What 's been going on , in front of their face and behind their back , all their lives , while they thought a completely different story was unfolding . "
After the latest example of stealth legislation designed to take away liberties under the guise of national security , our hair is already Shirley Temple tight .
Provisions snuck into Homeland Security legislation make mockery of " the land of the free , " and it 's hopeful that the good Senators who still consider themselves public servants will apply the brakes to this legislation .
But the very fact that these provisions have been considered , and have already been snuck through the House , is troubling in itself .
At the moment , conspiracy theorists seem far less extreme than those hell - bent on ruining the America we love .
source :
http://www.buzzflash.com/
Notice : TGS HiddenMysteries and / or the donor of this material may or may not agree with all the data or conclusions of this data .
It is presented here ' as is ' for your benefit and research .
Material for these pages are sent from around the world .
If by chance there is a copyrighted article posted which the author does not want read , email the webmaster and it will be removed .
If proper credit for authorship is not noted please email the webmaster for corrections to be posted .
Consumer - price inflation in the developed world rose to a seven - year high in May as energy costs rose , the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development said .
The Paris - based group said annual inflation in its 30 member countries rose to 3.9 % from 3.5 % in April -- the highest level since June 2001 , when inflation was 4.1 % .
The numbers ...
Reddit Email 0 Shares
I ’ve been traveling again and so only just saw Edward Luttwak ’s ridiculous column about Barack Obama being considered an “ apostate ” in the Muslim world .
It is just so discouraging that such an ignorant and illogical comment was made by a prominent American pundit , and that the New York Times leant its pages to this complete drivel .
Of course , this column is a stealth way of bringing back up the myth of Obama being a Muslim , and it is profoundly dishonest .
The argument is that Obama ’s father was a Muslim and therefore Obama would be considered a Muslim apostate by fundamentalists , even though Obama ’s mother was a Christian ; even though his father abandoned them and Obama did not really know him ; even though Obama never practiced Islam ; and even though his father was himself a secularist who was known to like a stiff drink .
Luttwak even alleges that the law of apostasy is in the Qur’an ( Wael Hallaq has argued convincingly that it is not ) .
So here is what the academic literature has to say about Islamic law on this issue ( Rudolph Peters and Gert J. J. De Vries
Die Welt des Islams , New Series , Vol. 17 , Issue 1/4 ( 1976 – 1977 ) , pp. 1 -25 ) :
“ Not only the act of apostasy is subject to certain conditions in order to be legally valid , but also with regard to the perpetrator ( murtadd ) specific qualifications have been laid down .
He can perform a legally effective act of riddah [ apostasy ] only out of free will ( ikhtiyar ) at an adult age ( bulugh ) , being compos mentis ( `aqil [ of sound mind ] ) , and , as emphasized by the Malikite school , after his unambiguous and explicit adoption of Islam . ” [- p. 3 ] [ P. 2 , n. 3 : “ It is equally stated that this Islam needs to be evident in both qawl [ speech ] and `amal [ deed ] ; a person who embraced the faith by merely pronouncing the shahadah [ profession of faith ] would not be considered qulified to perform a legally valid act of apostasy – Cf. Mawwaq in the margin of Hattab , Mawahib al - Jalil , VI , pp. 279-80 ] ”
Barack Obama never accepted or practiced Islam as an adult ( which would be age 15 in Islamic law ) and therefore according to classical Islamic jurisprudence cannot be an apostate .
Peters and DeVries are Arabists and are among the foremost scholars on Islamic law , unlike Luttwak , who does not have the slightest idea what he is talking about .
Luttwak has no doubt been misled by some Salafi , modernist - fundamentalist fatwa , which departs from the great Islamic legal traditions , and he has mistakenly taken it to be representative of Islamic law .
Or , I do n’t know , maybe some minor jurist in the minority Hanbali tradition dissents .
But to characterize these minority traditions or idiosyncratic views as representative of Islam as a whole would be like declaring Pat Robertson ’s interpretation of Christianity more legitimate than that of Saint Thomas Aquinas .
The authoritative Encyclopedia of Islam , after noting some of the extremist modern positions of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad of Ayman al - Zawahiri and others goes on to say ,
‘ The view that the law of apostasy applies only to those [ adult Muslims ] who have deliberately and unambiguously broken with Islam is , for instance , still held by the majority of Hanafi jurists .
Some jurists have proposed the abolition of all penalties for apostasy from Islam ( Shaltut , M. , Islam .
` Aqida wa - shari`a ( Cairo 1966 ) , 287f . ; Saeed , A. , and H. Saeed , Freedom of religion .
Apostasy and Islam , Aldershot 2004 ) .’ ( S.v. “ Apostasy . ” )
Luttwak even goes so far as to speculate , on the basis of no evidence whatsoever , that some Muslims might want to kill Obama for “ apostasy ” and suggests his life would be in danger on state visits to Muslim countries .
But as we have seen , classical Islamic law would not lead to this conclusion at all .
Another error is to see persons of Muslim heritage as necessarily religious .
Frankly , most Muslims nowadays do n’t pay any attention to those kinds of minutiae .
Indonesia ’s Muslims elected relatively secular parties when they were allowed to vote .
Hundreds of millions of Muslims in Muslim - majority states lives under secular governance and laws – Turkey , Indonesia , Tunisia , Algeria , Jordan , Syria , etc .
Moreover , Luttwak ’s column is ahistorical .
There have been lots of “ apostasies ” in modern Middle Eastern history .
The Shihab dynasty in the 19th century Levant had been Sunni Muslims but converted to Christianity .
They were recognized as the rulers of what is now Lebanon by the Ottoman Empire and by other Ottoman principalities .
Nothing bad happened to them because of their conversion even though it did meet the classical definition of apostasy .
People do n’t always act the way the obscure law books suggest .
Or for a contemporary example , let us take Turkish Chief of Staff Yasar Buyukanit , a pillar of the Kemalist , anti-Islam establishment in Ankara .
He visited Egypt quite safely even though he certainly would be considered an apostate by Muslim fundamentalists .
He called activist Islam a “ center of evil ” that threatens Turkey ’s secular and democratic traditions .
Fundamentalist Muslim Turks consider Buyukanit not only an apostate from Islam but also a secret convert to Judaism .
Yet Buyukanit is arguably among the more powerful persons in the Middle East and travels freely in the region .
Or there is Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev , who obviously apostatized from Islam to Communism and then from Communism to some other form of secularism .
And yet Nazarbayev freely visits the Middle East .
Former Cairo University Professor Hamid Nasr Abu Zaid was accused of apostasy ( not heresy , apostasy ) in the Egyptian court system , on the grounds that his academic writings on the Qur’an denied its status as divine revelation .
He was actually found guilty by a Cairo court , though the ruling was later suspended and an embarrassed Egyptian government said it would work to prevent it happening again .
Was Abu Zaid sentenced to death by the official court ?
No .
The punishment ?
He was ordered divorced from his Muslim wife , since a non-Muslim male may not be legitimately married to a believing Muslim woman .
The couple fled to Holland .
This incident was a horrible miscarriage of justice and an affront to human liberty , but it directly refutes Luttwak ’s silly argument that a finding of apostasy would necessarily lead state institutions to impose a death penalty .
Many Middle Eastern states do not even have hisba or sharia benches that could make such rulings .
Iran is among the few places where it could happen , and there are other reasons for one to be fearful for an American president ’s safety in Iran .
Likewise , those radicals who brandished death threats at Abu Zaid would kill an American president even if they did n’t think him an apostate , as Ali Eteraz pointed out .
A lot of observers think Obama is a ‘ natural ’ candidate for Muslims abroad to support .
But why ?
They see him as just another American , and they have n’t had a good experience with American policies .
In Pakistan , 50 % of a sample said that they would like to vote in the upcoming American election .
Of that group , 30 % said they would vote for Hillary Clinton , 14 % said they would vote for Obama , and 8 % said they would vote for John McCain .
So Luttwak ’s assumptions are incorrect in every way .
Pakistanis do n’t care about Obama ’s background , they care that he threatened to bomb their country .
American reporters are always asking if Hillary Clinton can get respect in the patriarchal Muslim world ; but she is is the one the Pakistani public would vote for !
Pakistani Muslims elected a female head of state , after all , something the patriarchal Americans have n’t yet managed .
An American president might be in danger in the Middle East .
But it would be because of the hatred for the United States provoked by the brutal military tactics of the Bush administration and by its blithe unconcern for the welfare of Palestinians and other local people .
It would be because Bush is the apostate , since he was born under the US constitution but he left it for a faith in torture , killing innocents , neo-colonialism , and mass murder ( as at Fallujah ) .
That ’s the apostasy that Middle Easterners most mind .
By Jason Palmer
Technology reporter , BBC News
BT hopes future networks will be more autonomous
Insights from artificial life could soon be helping run BT 's networks .
The telecommunications firm wants to give its networks life - like abilities so they can self - regulate , recover from injury and respond to changing demands .
BT is keen to use these techniques to make wireless networks more reliable and adaptable and help distribute net - based services .
It unveiled its research at the Artificial Life XI conference taking place in Winchester this week .
Making life
At the ALife conference biologists , computer scientists , roboticists , and philosophers are debating ways to borrow ideas from life to either mimic it in hardware or software or create it from scratch .
" If we look at the biological world , there is a huge amount of change , complexity , and adaptation , " said former biologist Paul Marrow who works in BT 's Broadband Applications Research Centre .
" These artificial life ideas are a very useful source of inspiration as the products and services we provide become increasingly complex and demanding in terms of resources . "
Anything you can do with self - organisation is basically a ' free lunch '
Dr Fabrice Saffre
One parallel is in the division of labour .
The graphical interface users see on their computers is the result of many different kinds of tasks which may include processing , memory storage , encryption , or multimedia content .
In the telecommunications industry , cleanly dividing these different tasks and distributing them across different parts of a network is called " encapsulating " and is analogous to the tasks allocated to different parts of a living cell .
To address this and other issues BT is collaborating with Telecom Italia , universities and research organisations on a project called Cascadas .
This aims to optimise the division of tasks around a network by giving them more autonomy and self - awareness by making them more modular and more applicable to different programs that may call on them .
This , it hopes , will make the division of labour more efficient .
Autonomic systems Lessons from life look like they will inspire a better way to distribute those different processes .
BT hopes to tap the secrets of another of life 's defining features called self - organisation - this does away with a single , overarching control for whole systems .
" With self - organisation , you have very simple rules governing individual units that together perform a bigger task a typical example is ant colonies , " said Fabrice Saffre , principal researcher at BT 's Pervasive ICT Research Centre .
The simplicity of the rules makes for less computation , and therefore is easier on the network .
" It 's a very economical solution especially for problems that are very dynamic .
Anything you can do with self - organisation is basically a ' free lunch ' , " said Dr Saffre .
Ants can make a nest though none of them are in charge At Alife XI Dr Saffre 's team will demonstrate a biologically inspired program called Embryo , a predecessor of Cascadas , which allows self - organising behaviour among servers in a network .
As tasks are allocated among the servers , each analyses its particular load .
If a given server is required by too many users for a particular task , it will send out a message to its nearest neighbours in the network to find out which has that application available .
If in turn those neighbours do n't have the application , they contact their nearest neighbours , and so on .
When a server with the application is found , the task is reallocated .
Each server is independently balancing its load , and only communicating with the servers to which it is directly connected , rather than the network as a whole .
The overall effect on the network is called ' load balancing ' : a fair and even distribution of tasks network - wide even though there is no overall control .
Moreover , Dr Marrow said , the approach is more robust to failures .
" If you were to have a rigid control system that depended on a fixed set of rules , that could fall apart if any part of the network is lost . "
Dr Saffre is collaborating with academics at the University of Sheffield to develop this kind of fault tolerance also for wireless networks and will present preliminary results at the conference this week .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
To the Editor :
Re “ The Joy of Graduating : The Frenzied Battle to Be Valedictorian Is Giving Some Administrators Pause ” ( regional sections , June 29 ) :
As a current medical student and a recent graduate of Yale , I question whether this numbers game is worth the pressure it places on teenagers .
I attended the Fieldston School in Riverdale in the Bronx .
Fieldston did not offer Advance Placement courses , calculate grade point averages or rank students .
Instead of having the school choose some overachiever to speak at our high school graduation , the class elected three students to give speeches , regardless of their grades or what college they would be attending in the fall .
My high school experience was enjoyable and certainly less stressful than that of the students mentioned in the article because I did not measure my self - worth and define myself by a number .
Without A.P. courses , I was able to take classes I was genuinely interested in , and my teachers had flexibility with the curriculum instead of being obligated to “ teach to the test . ”
When I entered Yale , I soon encountered students with 10 or 12 A.P. credits , while I had one ( I took the Calculus BC A.P. test independently ) .
Almost everybody in my class at Yale had been a high school valedictorian , while I did n’t even know what my G.P.A. had been .
Delve into the world of divination , tarot , spells , magic , and all the mysteries of the universe .
To provide news on these interesting subjects , with a scientific and sometimes political touch .
RADAR ALERT :
ABA Refuses to Get Their Facts Straight – Now Let 's Cut Off Their Funding !
The American Bar Association can't kick the habit .
Two years ago the ABA published " 10 Myths about Custody and Domestic Violence , " a report that purports to demolish falsehoods that surround child custody and DV.1
But it 's a sham .
In the name of stopping lies , the ABA " fact - sheet " actually invents new lies and expands on the old ones .
Here 's just one example : " Among false allegations , fathers are far more likely than mothers to make intentionally false allegations . "
The truth , of course , is no good research has ever shown that , and mothers are usually the ones who make false accusations .
All this is spelled out in RADAR 's Special Report , " Myths of the ABA Commission on Domestic Violence : Summary Report . "
2
Last week we asked everyone to contact the ABA president , William Neukom , and tell him to remove the offending report .
( If you have n't done so , here 's his email : ) But the situation could get much worse .
That 's because the ABA now wants the American taxpayer to pay for these lies .
That 's right , the ABA is shamelessly backing the National Domestic Violence Volunteer Attorney Act , H.R. 6088 , a proposed $ 55 million earmark to set up a network of attorneys to invent even more false allegations in family court .
If that sounds unbelievable , yes , it is unbelievable .
So it 's critical that every person who reads this Alert take 3 minutes NOW to halt this perversion of justice .
This is what we are asking you to do : Go to http://www.mediaradar.org/docs/RADARflyer-HR6088-S1515-Earmark-for-Lawyers.pdf and print out a copy of RADAR 's flyer , " Domestic Violence Lies Cost Lives . "
At the top of the flyer , print " Say ' No ! ' to H.R. 6088 " and add your name , city , and ZIP code .
Get the fax number of your member of the House of Representatives ( you can find it by going to http://www.house.gov, then going to the webpage of your Congressman )
Fax the flyer to your elected Representative .
THAT'S ALL THERE IS TO IT !
Thanks for protecting families from the misrepresentations of the American Bar Association !!
With your help , we 're going to win this battle !!!
1 http://www.abanet.org/domviol/custody_myths.pdf
2 http://www.mediaradar.org/docs/RADARreport-Myths-of-ABA-Commission-on-DV-Summary.pdf
Date of RADAR Release : July 29 , 2008
Want to improve the chance that they 'll pay attention to your letter ?
Click here .
R.A.D.A.R. – Respecting Accuracy in Domestic Abuse Reporting – is a non-profit , non-partisan organization of men and women working to improve the effectiveness of our nation 's approach to solving domestic violence .
http://www.mediaradar.org
Elite XC : " Unfinished Business " is set go off LIVE from the " Stockton Arena " in Stockton , Calif. , TONIGHT ( July 26 ) !
MMAmania.com will provide LIVE blow - by - blow , round - by - round coverage of the main card bouts , beginning with the 8 p.m. ET telecast on Showtime and the continued CBS broadcast , which starts at 9 p.m. ET .
In addition , we will deliver up - to - the - minute quick results of the under card action at around 7:30 p.m. ET .
Many of our readers check - in before , during and after the dual telecast to share their thoughts on the action .
Therefore , feel free to leave a comment or 10 before you leave and chat with many of our readers during the show — it always turns out to be a great discussion .
Keep in mind that we will also be the spot for the latest news , recaps and post - fight analysis after " Unfinished Business . "
Without further delay , see below for the latest Elite XC results .
( Note : This will go from the bottom up ; therefore , scroll toward the bottom for the latest detailed round - by - round action ! )
ELITE XC " UNFINISHED BUSINESS " QUICK RESULTS :
" Ruthless " Robbie Lawler defeats Scott " Hands of Steel " Smith by technical knockout ( strikes ) at 2:35 of Round 2 to retain his Elite XC middleweight title
Jake Shields defeats Nick " The Goat " Thompson by submission ( guillotine ) at 1:03 of Round 1 to become the first ever Elite XC welterweight champ
Nick Diaz defeats Thomas " Wildman " Denny by technical knockout ( strikes ) at 0:30 of Round 2
Cristiane " Cris " Cyborg defeats Shayna Baszler by technical knockout ( strikes ) at 2:48 of Round 2
Antonio Silva defeats Justin Eilers by technical knockout ( strikes ) at 0:19 of Round 2 to become the first ever Elite XC heavyweight champion
Wilson Reis defeats Brian Caraway by unanimous decision ( 30 - 27 , 30 - 27 , 30 - 27 )
Rafael Feijao defeats Travis Galbraith by technical knockout at 3:00 of Round 1
David Douglas defeats Marlon Mathias by technical knockout ( striked ) at 0:12 of Round 1
Anthony Ruiz defeats Jeremy Freitag by unanimous decision ( 29-28 , 29-28 , 29-28 )
Carl Seumantafa defeats Mike Cook by technical knockout ( strikes ) at 3:39 of Round 1
Drew Montgomery defeats Brandon
Tarn via technical knockout ( cut ) at 4:22 of Round 3
ELITE XC " UNFINISHED BUSINESS " BLOW -BY - BLOW LIVE MAIN CARD COMMENTARY :
CBS telecast ( Begins at 9 p.m. ET ) :
Elite XC Middleweight Champion " Ruthless " Robbie Lawler vs. Scott " Hands of Steel " Smith
Round one : Lawler tries a high kick .
Smith answers with a leg kick .
Smith is stalking .
Jumping high kick from Lalwer .
Combo and then high kick attempt again from Lawler .
Another kick hits Smith 's arm now .
Smith charges back with a combo and head kick of his own , and Lawler back pedals and punches out .
They exchange again with shots from both guys .
Smith throws and misses a leg kick .
In the clinch now .
Lawler lands a knee .
Big elbow from Smith , and Lalwer answers with a big right hand .
Elbow from Lawler now and they break out .
Smith charges and throws a big high kick .
Straight kick now from Smith .
Lawler lands a right hand and then three or four unanswered jabs .
Two big kicks from Lawler look to have Smith hurt a bit .
Nice head kick from Lawler .
Smith charges back with a flurry that puts Lawler on the defensive .
He circles out and lands a couple punches .
Smith lands another hard shot and the round comes to an end .
I say Lawler 10 - 9 .
Round two : Leg kick from Smith .
They 're circling .
Smith with a big elbow now in the clinch and they 're both throwing wild punches .
Lawler is bleeding from his head .
Lawler now with three huge punches to Smith that go unanswered .
Smith now battles back .
Lawler has Smith against the cage now , and he 's working the strikes from there .
Big body punches from Lawler .
There 's blood everywhere .
Knee from Lawler , and more punches .
Smith tries to push out , but Lawler stays on him .
Elbow from Lawler .
Knee from Lawler , another one , and Smith goes down .
He 's hurt bad !
Herb Dean looks like he wants to stop it , but he let 's it go .
Lawler rains down punches and Smith tries to stand .
Lawler grabs the back of his head and lands a big knee !
Smith goes down again , and now Lawler is throwing nasty kicks to Smith 's body .
Smith is covered up and not fighting back .
Herb Dean steps in and stops the fight , and Robbie Lawler retains his Elite XC middleweight title .
Final result : Robbie Lawler defeats Scott Smith by technical knockout ( strikes ) at 2:35 of Round 2 to retain the Elite XC middleweight title
-end -
Jake Shields vs. Nick " The Goat " Thompson for vacant Elite XC welterweight championship
Round one : Shields has got a determined look on his face .
He sprinted to the cage when his name was announced .
This is going to be a great fight .
Good staredown !
Here we go .
Jab and kick from Shields .
Shields shoots for a single and gets the takedown .
He has a full mount .
Thompson is scrambling , but can't get out .
Good control from Shields .
Thompson finally spins out , but Shields grabs a deep deep guillotine and is cranking it hard .
This is deep .
Nick Thompson taps out , and Jake Shields has just won the first Elite XC welterweight title over a very good opponent , in dominate fashion .
Very impressive .
Final result : Jake Shields defeats Nick Thompson by submission ( guillotine ) at 1:03 of Round 1 to become the first ever Elite XC welterweight champion
-end -
Nick Diaz vs. Thomas " Wildman " Denny
Round one : Denny with a body shot and he eats some straights from Diaz .
Denny clinches and gets a takedwon .
Diaz gets back up and Denny attacks with punches .
Denny is looking decent early .
Leg kcik from Denny .
Denny with some more punches and he pushes Diaz to the cage and gets a takedown .
Diaz is looking to get an arm , but Denny looks to have escaped .
Denny has Diaz 's back from here , but Diaz grabs his leg and drives him to the cage .
Diaz with a nice right , and Denny charges right in with two or three of his own .
They push out and Denny lands a kick after a few punches from Diaz .
They clinch again and both guys are staying active with the punches .
Diaz 's punches look to be taking a toll on Denny and he stumbles for a moment .
Diaz stays on him and Denny tries to clinch .
Diaz pushes out and stays on the attack .
Denny looks to have recovered and tries a superman punch .
They clinch and Diaz has him against the cage .
He lands some punches from there and they separate .
Diaz with a big one two combo that lands squarely .
Denny stumbles backward and Diaz chases him .
Denny is showing heart by fighting back and staying on his feet .
Wild exchanges from both guys to end the round .
GREAT ROUND !
I give it to Diaz 10 - 9 .
Round two :
Denny throws a wild combo right away and they 're back at it .
Diaz stays in there and lands some of his own .
Diaz is now landing big punches with Denny 's back against the cage .
Denny is taking big shots and he falls to the mat .
Diaz moves in for the kill and lands a big right hand to end the fight .
The crowd is going crazy .
This was an exciting fight .
Thomas Denny came to scrap .
Final result : Nick Diaz defeats Thomas Denny by technical knockout ( strikes ) at 0:30 of Round 2
-end -
Shayna Baszler vs. Cristiane " Cris " Cyborg
Round one : Cyborg charges with punches right away .
She slips , but recovers and they clinch .
Baszler gets a tripping takedown and goes right to work on the ground .
She looks to have a toe hold , but Cyborg escapes .
Cyborg now works some nasty ground and pound from the top .
Baszler is holding on to a leg , but Cyborg muscles her off and stands up looking to rain down some punches and kicks .
Baszler grabs one of the kicks and pulls Cyborg to the mat .
Baszler lands a couple punches from her back with Cyborg in her full guard .
Cyborg postures up and lands a couple big shots .
She hears a warning from Mazz to watch the back of the head , and the round comes to an end .
I give it 10 - 9 to Cyborg .
Round two :
Wild charge from Cyborg to start the round .
She gets Baszler against the cage and lands some nice knees and some big punches .
Baszler looks tired and in trouble .
She gets out but looks very tired .
Cyborg lands a big knee and a nice straight punch .
Baszler is really tired , and Cyborg 's Mauy Thai looks great .
Cyborg lays into Baszler and Baszler drops .
Cyborg thinks she has the fight won and jumps to the top of the cage to celebrate .
In the meantime , Baszler looks confused as to why somebody is n't hitting her anymore , and Mazz is yelling at Cyborg to keep fighting .
When she finally realizes the fights not over she goes right back on the attack with charging punches .
Baszler tries to battle back with punches of her own , and eventaully is able to pull guard .
Cyborg stands right up and tells Baszler to get up .
Cyborg wins a couple more exchanges and lands some big elbows .
Mazz yells for her to fight back .
She throws some lazy punches and then gets drilled with a big right hand and drops straight to the ground .
Big knockout for Cyborg .
The camera pans to Gina Carano for some nice foreshadowing .
Final result : Cristiane Cyborg defeats Shayna Baszler by technical knockout ( strikes ) at 2:48 of Round 2
-end -
Showtime telecast ( Begins at 8 p.m. ET ) :
Antonio " Bigfoot " Silva vs. Justin Eilers for vacant Elite XC heavyweight championship
Round one : Eilers looks like a light heavyweight .
This looks like a mismatch for sure .
Lets see if Eilers puts up a fight .
The bell rings and the gloves touch .
Nice leg kick from Silva .
Body shot from Eilers .
Eilers throws a left , misses and eats a very nice three punch combo from Silva .
Silva looks quick .
Nice jab from Eilers .
Leg kick from Silva .
He throws a big head kick that gets blocked by Eilers .
Nice counter jabs from Silva .
Silva shoots and gets a big double leg takedown .
The size advantage is definitely noticeable on the ground .
Silva takes Eilers back and throws some big punches from there , one of which hits Eilers hard in the back of the head .
Herb Dean steps in , stops the action and deducts a point from Silva .
Silva lands a big kick and gets another takedown right away when the actions started back up .
Eilers works his way back to his feet , and they 're back up .
Nice left hook from Silva and they 're clinched against the cage now .
A couple knees from Eilers and Silva answers with some of his own .
Eilers punches out and gets separation .
Silva with a big left hand , right hand combo .
Both guys exchange jabs .
Another big leg kick from Silva .
Nice left hook from Eilers to end the round .
I score it 9 - 9 because of the deduction .
Round two :
They come out and Silva lands a HUGE left hook right away that sends Eilers mouth piece flying .
Silva sees Eilers is rocked and he stays on him with relentless punches .
Eilers tries to turn and get away , but Silva gives him nowhere to run and eventually Herb Dean has to step in and pull Bigfoot off .
Big win for Antonio Silva .
He 's the first Elite XC heavyweight champion .
Final result : Antonio Silva defeats Justin Eilers by technical knockout ( strikes ) at 0:19 of Round 2 to become the first ever Elite XC heavyweight champion
-end -
Wilson Reis vs. Brian Caraway
Round one : Reis slips while circling , but quickly is back up .
Reis with a leg kick .
Caraway lands a jab , but Reis shoots in for a single .
He gets the leg and earns a takedown .
Reis is now in Caraway 's full guard .
Reis transitions to half guard and lands a few punches from there .
He 's looking to pass , and now has side control .
He stands and rains down a couple big punches before going back into the guard .
He gets full mount for a second , but Caraway scrambles and they 're back to their feet .
Both guys exchange big right hands .
Neither guy doing much , and Reis shoots in for another single .
He gets it again and goes right to Caraway 's half guard .
Now to full mount .
Caraway gives up his back and Reis is looking for the rear naked .
Caraway stands and escapes somehow .
Both guys back on their feet now .
Caraway misses on an exchange and lands a knee , but pays for it with another single leg takedown from Reis .
The round ends seconds later .
I give that round 10 - 9 to Reis for sure .
Round two : Reis shoots again and easily secures another takedown to start round 2 .
He looks for mount , but Caraway scrambles and is back to his feet .
Huge knee from Caraway that lands squarely !
Caraway is on the attack , and Reis is in trouble .
He weathers the storm and gets the fight back to a good position for himself .
He 's on top now , in half guard .
Caraway looked like he was going to do something there for a moment , but good recovery from Reis .
Reis now has side control and he 's landing punches .
There 's blood now coming from Reis .
Reis continues to work the ground and pound , and is controlling Caraway at the moment .
Caraway scrambles again and gets back to his feet .
Reis grabs for a leg right away and picks Caraway up and ends up with a lazy takedown .
Caraway somehow spins to get the top control , and now he 's looking for mount .
Nice reversal by Reis , who spins to the top now , and side control .
More ground and pound from Resi , and he takes Caraway 's back and lands one last knee from the side to end the round .
I have to give that round to Reis 10 - 9 as well .
He was in trouble for a moment , but he still controlled that round .
Round three : Small exchange and Caraway with a nice body kick and knee .
Reis shoots in and grabs another single leg .
He gets the takedown and is in Caraway 's half guard .
He 's working the punches and elbows from here .
Caraway gets back to full guard , but he 's eating a lot of ground and pound from Reis .
Reis stands momentarily and eats an upkick .
He drops right back to Caraway 's half guard .
The ref warms Reis to advance his position and he obliges by going to mount .
But Caraway reverses and takes the top .
There 's a scramble and both fighters stand .
Caraway with a big punch and Reis back pedals .
Another big knee from Caraway and Reis grabs the leg for another takedown .
Reis looks for side control and continues to do a nice job with the ground and pound .
Reis throws a wild punch and slips and lands on his head .
The crowd liked it , but Caraway could n't capitalize .
Back to their feet now and Caraway looks for another big knee , but falls victim to another takedown .
He gets right back to his feet , but time is out , and the fight is over .
I score that round and this fight for Wilson Reis .
Final result : Wilson Reis defeats Bryan Caraway by unanimous decision
-end -
Rafael Feijao vs. Travis Galbraith
Round one : Feijao looks focused .
Lets see what he 's got .
Feijao works the leg kicks , and lands a big one .
He momentarily slips , but recovers .
They clinch now and Galbraith has Feijao against the cage .
Both guys are throwing knees from this clinch .
Feijao pushes out and they 're separated for a second before going right back to the clinch .
The ref warms them to work , and Feijao scores a big slamming takedown .
Feijao stands and Galbraith holds on to a leg .
Feijao pushes out and they 're both back to their feet and into the clinch again .
Feijao punches out and lands a nice combbo with three straight knees .
He eats a few punches , then grabs the Thai clinch again and lands three or four more huge knees .
Galbraith falls to the mat and Feijao pounces .
He lands two or three more big shots before the ref has to step in .
Final result : Rafael Feijao defeats Travis Galbraith by technical knockout at 3:00 of Round 1
-end -
Hhealth news and Medical advice alcohol , detoxification , Naltrexone , pharmacological , REVIA doctornewser 9:25 pm
– What method is based pharmacological detoxification ?
– Detoxification ( the release of opiate receptors by drugs ) is performed with the help of drugs antagonists – NARKANA ( nalaksona ) REVIA ( Naltrexone ) and NUBAINA ( nalbufina ) – the latter is a Semisynthetic analgetik agonist / antagonistic actions .
Treatment 5 - 7 hours and is performed under general anesthesia ( pharmacological sleep ) .
Once the detoxification Designate protivoretsedivnoe treatment with the obligatory taking REVIA in a dose of 50 mg daily .
Treatment of residual mental function is carried out strictly individually .
Only after the removal of physical and part psychological dependence , but against the backdrop of the admission REVIA may conduct rehabilitation .
Hazardous whether used drugs ?
– Intravenous appointment therapeutic doses NARKANA absolutely safe and has no adverse reactions , addictive and addiction .
NARKAN / firm Du Pont ( USA ) / permitted for use in Russia .
REVIA / firm Du Pont ( USA ) is also quite safe , has no side effects , does not cause addiction and prison , does not affect the function of the liver .
The drug is permitted for use in Russia .
REVIA widely used in the U.S. and the vast majority of European countries .
– Antagonisty opioid drugs and alcohol .
– Net opioid receptor antagonists – REVIA and the NARKAN , which are used to treat addiction can be used to treat alcohol addiction , alcohol deliriya .
In this connection , you must control and limit the consumption of alcohol in the treatment REVIA .
– Sexual life and REVIA .
– Heroin and derivatives opioids reduce the possibility of sexual rights , so after the lifting of physical dependence and against the backdrop of the admission REVIA can be expected awakening of sexual activity and the restoration of intensive develop endorfinov .
– How can I be treated with drug and alcohol addiction ?
– Treatment ( kupirovanie abstinence syndrome ) is available in an intensive care Chief Military Clinical Hospital named after Academician N Burdenko .
The duration of treatment for three days ( day and day of income statements is considered to be one day ) .
With this method of treatment process of dismantling shortened to 5 - 7 hours instead of 7 - 12 days .
The main differences pharmacological detoxification programs from other migraine & other episodic disorders treatment is that this comprehensive program includes mandatory full freedom from physical dependence and partly from the emotional dependency , and the continuation of protivoretsedivnoy ( or supporting ) therapy is a welcome REVIA 1 tablet ( 50 mg ) Daily for 5 - 6 months .
All of this therapy is based on advanced technologies ( little known narcologist ) and safe treatment , as a result of continuous monitoring of major vital organs and systems .
– How the patient feels after detoxification ?
– The patient is experiencing some weakness during the 4 - 6 hours after the detoxification procedure , but after 6 - 8 hours of discomfort and weakness pass , diarrhea , chills , goose skin and muscle pains in the back there .
A patient ’s clear conscience , there is appetite , the ability to perceive read , etc. Pharmacological podnarkoznuyu detoxification conducted by experienced doctors – Anaesthesiology equipped with the most modern equipment and with a specialization in Addiction , which allows to ensure the safety of the procedure .
– What is REVIA ( naltrexone ) ?
– REVIA ( naltrexone ) – net antagonist in the fight to opioid receptors in narcotic drugs ( morphine , heroin , etc. ) .
The drug is safe , well - transferred patients , almost no side effects , to REVIA not addictive and dependency .
Naltrexone prevents the development and blocks the euphoric effects of heroin , suppressing physical dependence on drugs .
Clinical studies show that 50 mg REVIA blocked for 24 hours pharmacological effect of 25 mg of heroin imposed intravenously .
Admission REVIA inside against a backdrop of drug - dependent patients provokes the emergence of their abstinence syndrome .
– How long should I take REVIA ?
– As protivoretsedivnogo treatment REVIA need to be taken within 5 - 6 months .
Some patients had REVIA in 11 - 12 months with a “ disturbing ” or vital points .
– What is the difference between farmakologogicheskaya detoxification from other treatments ?
Stay ( 5 - 7 hours compared to 7 - 12 days with other methods of treatment ) .
Ad hoc additional studies on hepatitis B and C , syphilis and HIV infection .
Detoxification successfully performed in patients suffering from such diseases as hepatitis B and C , HIV - infected , with asthma and other related conditions without any serious complications .
The procedure is performed comfortable for the patient , he has no symptoms cancel accompanying “ lomku . ”
Once the patient is assigned protivoretsedivnaya therapy ( based on a REVIA ) , antidepressants and antipsychotic drugs .
– Would it treated ?
Treatment less dangerous than receiving the drug .
Many addicts who have already had the experience of so - called “ dry break ” ( without medical support ) is very afraid of repetition .
Comfort treatment is to conduct pharmacological detoxification under general anesthesia , which takes place entirely safe , because it involved a very experienced doctors , Anaesthesiology , and the main body ’s vital functions ( breathing and blood circulation ) monitored in monitoring mode .
And this is not fiction .
Development of anesthesiology allows a safe and painless to ensure a very comfortable way to the lifting of abstinence syndrome than mere 7 - 14 day abstinence from drugs or engaging in alternative therapies .
– Are there any contraindications to sverhbystroy pharmacological detoxification ?
– As with any procedure for the sverhbystroy pharmacological detoxification have contraindications :
Acute mental disorder ;
Acute or progressive hepatitis , cirrhosis of the liver and cirrhosis of the liver with Varikoznoe rasshirenie esophageal veins and bleeding ;
AIDS in the midst of disease ,
Diseases ;
Severe chronic cardiac and cardiovascular disease ;
Heavy nonspecific lung disease , lung tuberculosis , diabetes ( severe ) .
The absolute reluctance ( refusal ) patient and / or members of his family ’s treatment .
– What is needed laboratory diagnostics ?
An overall analysis of blood platelets , clotting time .
An overall analysis of urine .
Poison profile of urine ( alcohol , opiates , cocaine , barbituary , LSD , amphetamine ) – selectively
Biochemical studies : transaminases ( AsAT , AlAT ) , alkaline fosfotaza , bilirubin , creatinine and urea nitrogen , blood glucose , cholesterol , total protein , potassium , sodium , chlorine .
Pregnancy test , hepatitis ( B , C ) , HIV ( required ) , syphilis .
ECG and R - graph chest .
The physical status of patients should not exceed the performance of Class 1 - 3 on the scale of ASA ( American Association of Anesthesiologists ) .
Leave a Response »
One of Saudi Arabia ’s arbiters of sharia law has been arrested in Dubai for possession of drugs .
DUBAI - A Saudi judge who served as head of an Islamic court has been arrested in the Gulf emirate of Dubai on charges of possessing and using drugs , a newspaper reported yesterday .
Hamad Salim bin Naif , who served as head of a Shariah ( Islamic law ) court in Saudi Arabia , was arrested along with his Moroccan wife after police raided their room in a Dubai hotel on Friday and found four grams of hashish in his possession , the Khaleej Times said .
The suspect confessed that he and his wife take drugs and said he brought the confiscated hashish from Saudi Arabia for their personal use , the English - language newspaper reported , citing a Dubai police source .
The ‘ birds of prey ’ have landed at McCain campaign headquarters
Oddly enough , when I started going through the news this morning , I noticed a story about John McCain criticizing lobbyists , and thought that would have to be the big political story the day .
That , of course , was before I noticed that McCain could n’t keep track of all the houses he owns .
Nevertheless , overshadowed or not , this really is pretty crazy .
Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) called lobbyists “ birds of prey ” Wednesday and vowed to enforce a lifetime ban on lobbying for members of his administration .
“ Whenever there ’s a corrupt system , then you ’re going to have these birds of prey descend on it to get their share of the spoils , ” McCain said in a half - hour interview with Politico following a town - hall meeting in the southern part of this swing state . [… ]
The senator went so far as to say : “ Lobbyists do n’t come to my office .
Because they know they ’re not going to be an earmark .
They know they ’re not going to get a pork - barrel project . ”
Even by McCain standards , this is transparent nonsense .
Putting aside the fact that McCain , like every other senator , has sought and received earmark , the reality is lobbyists do come to McCain ’s office , and as a rule , once they get there , they ’re given influential jobs in the McCain campaign .
McCain ’s campaign manager is a lobbyist .
His chief strategist is a lobbyist .
His top foreign policy advisor is a lobbyist .
The man he tapped to run the Republican convention is a lobbyist .
His top two senior advisors are both lobbyists .
His campaign is being financed by donations from lobbyists , bundled by other lobbyists .
In one rather dramatic anecdote , McCain actually had a corporate lobbyist conducting business directly aboard his campaign bus .
Of all the lobbyists involved in the McCain campaign , the most prominent is [ Charles ]
Black , who has made a lucrative career of shuttling back and forth between presidential politics and big - time Washington lobbying ….
[ E]ven as Black provides a private voice and a public face for McCain , he also leads his lobbying firm , which offers corporate interests and foreign governments the promise of access to the most powerful lawmakers .
Some of those companies have interests before the Senate and , in particular , the Commerce Committee , of which McCain is a member .
Black said he does a lot of his work by telephone from McCain ’s Straight Talk Express bus .
By one count , McCain has at least 159 lobbyists , on leave from their firms , running his campaign operation .
It ’s why McCain has defended lobbyists and the lobbying industry over and over again .
“ Whenever there ’s a corrupt system , then you ’re going to have these birds of prey descend on it to get their share of the spoils . ”
It sounds like the corrupt system McCain is describing is his own presidential campaign .
" That would be doing her a disservice , it would n't be fair to either party , " Mr Desmond said earlier this month .
When Judge Punshon refused the application — saying he would not have a jury empanelled that excluded Greek people —
Mr Desmond then made the application on behalf of his client " in fairness " to him .
Asked by Judge Punshon what the issue was with his client , Mr Desmond replied : " I do n't want a Greek juror empathising with a Greek complainant ( the woman ) , your honour . "
Judge Punshon responded : " I 'm not going to have a jury selected on the basis of race , nationality . "
The discussion took place on July 8 as Mr Desmond 's client and two other men represented by other barristers prepared to plead not guilty to a number of charges .
The trial ended last week when Mr Desmond 's client was acquitted and the other men were found guilty .
In a transcript of the exchanges , Mr Desmond began his submission by telling Judge Punshon it would be appropriate that there be a " general exemption for a category of potential juror to be inquired of in the case here " .
Asked by Judge Punshon what was the issue of fairness to the complainant , Mr Desmond replied : " Greeks .
" See , the allegation here , this is a Greek complainant and her nationality will be established on the evidence , your honour , it 's part of the narrative and there are allegations here of anal penetration and there 's a common misunderstanding in the community that Greeks like anal sex and she might readily then be seen to be compliant and in fact wanting it .
" That would be doing her a disservice , it would n't be fair to either party . "
Asked by Judge Punshon what he meant by not being fair to either party , Mr Desmond said : " Well , there 's a misconception in the community that Greeks readily engage in anal sex . "
Judge Punshon : " Is there ? "
Mr Desmond : " They ( the jurors ) should determine this case upon the evidence , not on the misconceptions . "
Judge Punshon : " I will tell them that . "
Mr Desmond : " We should avoid the risk , your honour . "
Judge Punshon : " Pardon ? " Mr Desmond : " We should avoid the risk . "
Judge Punshon : " Well , I 'm not going to have a jury empanelled where no Greek people can sit on the jury . "
Mr Desmond : " Well , it may be there 's only two or three on the panel , your honour , I can't … " Judge Punshon : " There will be , but I 'm not going to exclude someone simply because they are Greek . "
The final composition of the jury is unknown .
George Washington ’s Blog
Tuesday , August 5 , 2008
Bestselling journalist Ron Suskind has revealed that the White House ordered the CIA to forge and backdate a document falsely linking Iraq with Muslim terrorists and 9/11 . . . and that the CIA complied with those instructions and in fact created the forgery , which was then used to justify war against Iraq .
Suskind also revealed that “ Bush administration had information from a top Iraqi intelligence official ‘ that there were no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq – intelligence they received in plenty of time to stop an invasion . ’ ”
This is a stunning revelation in its own right .
But what does it say about the government ’s claims that 9/11 was an attack by Muslim extremists which the U.S. government could not have anticipated ?
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Well , if the White House ordered the CIA to forge documents falsely implicating the people against which they wanted to wage war ( Iraqis ) , and falsely linking supposed Al Qaeda terrorists with someone they had no connection with ( Saddam Hussein ) , is it possible that a similar thing occurred as to who carried out 9/11 ?
Let ’s take a look :
The flight manuals and other evidence supposedly “ accidentally ” left behind by the terrorists were in fact planted .
For example , the Pulitzer prize - winning reporter who uncovered the Iraq prison torture scandal and the My Lai massacre in Vietnam wrote :
“ Many of the investigators believe that some of the initial clues that were uncovered about the terrorists ’ identities and preparations , such as flight manuals , were meant to be found .
A former high - level intelligence official told me , ‘ Whatever trail was left was left deliberately — for the F.B.I. to chase ' ”
The top expert on Osama Bin Laden has said that Bin Laden ’s “ confession ” video is fake ( and see this statement by a video expert )
And imagine if a piece of evidence could not be authenticated according to basic science .
For example , let ’s say an apparent confession note was found at an arson crime scene where the entire building had been turned to fine ash particles and nothing else survived .
That would raise suspicions , right ?
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Well , a passport from one of the alleged hijackers was “ found ” a couple of blocks from the Twin Towers .
And yet the government claims that the areas inside the Twin Towers where planes crashed were infernos so hot that they caused the collapse of the massive steel cores in the center of the towers .
Indeed , the passport - owner ’s hijacked plane was allegedly almost completely lodged in the building ’s core .
How could the passport have survived and ended up a couple of blocks away ?
And if the above - described documents were in fact forged , is n’t that strong evidence that elements of the U.S. government actually aided and abetted the 9/11 attack ?
For example , the “ initial clues that were uncovered about the terrorists ’ identities and preparations , such as flight manuals ” , had to have been planted before or immediately after the 9/11 attacks ?
For those still skeptical about the possibility that the government intentionally created false evidence , please remember that Norad intentionally lied about what happened on 9/11 ; indeed , the co-chairs of the 9/11 Commission said that the 9/11 Commissioners knew that military officials misrepresented the facts to the Commission , and the Commission considered recommending criminal charges for such false statements ( free subscription required ) .
And remember that the government intentionally and falsely linked Muslims with the anthrax attacks , when it was obvious that the attacks came from white Americans .
At the very least , is n’t it likely that the White House instructed the intelligence agencies and the 9/11 Commission to ignore any evidence which contradicted the narrative that would justify wars in the Middle East ( euphemistically called “ the war on terror ” ) – that 9/11 was carried out solely by Arabs ?
In connection with Iraq , Suskind writes that “ the Bush administration had information from a top Iraqi intelligence official ‘ that there were no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq – intelligence they received in plenty of time to stop an invasion . ’”
And an ex-CIA official confirms that evidence that there were no WMDs in Iraq was ignored .
In connection with 9/11 itself , obstruction of an accurate assessment is equally clear .
This article was posted : Tuesday , August 5 , 2008 at 7:07 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Denver officials were n’t planning to reveal details about where activists would be detained in the event of mass arrests during the Democratic National Convention until after the event had started , but those plans were quickly dashed this week when CBS 4 News reporter Rick Sallinger not only revealed that protesters would be locked up in a city - owned warehouse , but he also obtained clear video footage inside the facility , a building that includes barbed wire - topped cages and signs warning of stun - gun use .
The convention jail is located in a warehouse northeast of Denver , and when Sallinger arrived unannounced with a camera crew to shoot the facility , the door was wide open , allowing the disturbing images of caged holding pens to be broadcast on TVs across the metro area :
Investigative reporter Rick Sallinger discovered the location and managed to get inside Tuesday for a look .
The newly created lockup , in a warehouse northeast of Denver , contains dozens of metal cages made of chain - link fence material , topped by rolls of barbed wire .
Each of these fenced - in areas is about 15 feet by 15 feet , with a lock on the door .
A sign on the wall reads " Warning , electric stun devices used in this facility . "
A representative with the Sheriff ’s Department later showed up to kick Sallinger and his posse out of the warehouse area and would n’t comment on the building or the cages .
Although the city is now expected to release a statement on the jail next week , such an astounding discovery is no doubt a gargantuan gaffe and embarrassment for the Sheriff ’s Department .
In a recent interview with the Colorado Independent , Marie Kielar , the Denver Sheriff ’s Department ’s first female division chief and overseer of detention operations during the convention , stated there were no plans to release information about where protesters would be detained until after the convention had started and that the city was preparing for 1,200 + arrests .
She also noted that the state Department of Corrections would be involved with detention efforts .
Convention jails share a controversial legacy , as was reported by this paper in January :
At the 2004 Republican National Convention in New York City , more than 1,000 people — a reported record for a convention — were detained at Pier 57 , a long , concrete pier off the Hudson River that was converted into a detention center for arrestees .
The New York Police Department formed an agreement with the Hudson River Park Trust to use the pier as a massive makeshift jail .
According to documents obtained by the New York American Civil Liberties Union , police were allowed to use the 140,000 - square - foot facility and its parking lot to process and hold arrestees .
Razor - wire security fencing around the pier ’s parameter was also installed before the convention .
Along with the mass arrests came accusations of civil rights violations from within the detention area , where detainees claimed that long exposure to motor oil and other contaminants from the pier left many arrestees sick .
Now that the secret is out about Denver ’s own convention lockup , civil rights advocates can get a head start on questioning the conditions in the facility .
The American Civil Liberties Union of Colorado plans to do just that and is asking the city how prisoners will be treated , and how they will have access to food , bathrooms and attorneys .
USDA Gift to Monsanto
The US Department of Agriculture ’s give - away insurance rates for GM crops risk bankrupting the public coffers .
Prof. Joe Cummins
Excerpt from Water Carnival - the images of organisms discovered in Mae - Wan Ho 's laboratory within a quantum jazz soundscape .
Download the full video from the online store .
The Federal Crop Insurance Corporation ( FCIC ) is part of the Risk Management Agency ( RMA ) that serves under the USDA ( United States Department of Agriculture ) , a Federal Executive Department ( or Cabinet Department ) .
The USDA - FCIC safeguards the economic stability of agriculture through a system of crop insurance and provides the means for research in devising and establishing such insurance .
It is managed by a Board of Directors , subject to the general supervision of the Secretary of Agriculture .
On 12 September 2007 , the FCIC Board of Directors approved a Biotech Yield Endorsement ( BYE ) pilot programme submitted under section 523 ( d ) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act .
The result is that farmers growing Monsanto ’s genetically modified ( GM ) maize receives crop insurance at a greatly reduced cost of between 20 and 70 percent .
The BYE programme was crafted by the Monsanto Corporation and its first beneficiary is limited to its GM maize .
This insurance bonanza is intended for farmers planting Monsanto ’s GM maize that has
Bt genes against corn borer and root worm stacked with a gene for tolerance to Round - up herbicide .
The FCIC Board of Directors , at its 14 August 2008 meeting , approved additional seed technologies for premium rate reduction for producers planting certain corn hybrid varieties ; i.e. , those containing
Bt genes for corn borer and rootworm stacked with genes for tolerance to herbicides such as glyphosate and glufosinate .
The companies benefiting from the largesse of the USDA give - away insurance include besides Monsanto , Dow , Syngenta and Pioneer Hi-Bred [ 1 , 2 ] .
The crop insurance policies insure producers against yield losses due to natural causes such as drought , excessive moisture , hail , wind , frost , insects , and disease [ 3 ] .
It is clear that the stacked GM maize lines are protected against corn borer and rootworm , but not particularly well protected against drought , excessive moisture , hail , wind , frost and disease , nor against the numerous insect pest that are likely to take advantage of reduced competition from borer or root worm .
It may be that the stacked maize lines will benefit from a USDA give - away insurance that specifically protects against any such secondary insect pests ; for they have indeed already emerged in China and India as the result of growing Bt cotton [ 4 , 5 ] ( see Why Prince Charles is Right , SiS 40 and Deadly gift from Monsanto to India , SiS 39 )
FCIC is presuming that the stacked GM maize lines will consistently produce more than conventional or organic maize , but that has not been proven scientifically .
It is based solely on an act of faith on the part of the USDA bureaucrats .
Why then do these new GM constructs deserve the gift of reduced insurance cost at the US taxpayers ’ expense ?
Have the taxpayers been consulted before such egregious largesse has been doled out to well - heeled farmers and the corporations who licence the GM seeds ?
The rest of the farming community may feel especially aggrieved at this blatant display of favouritism on the part of the FCIC .
After all , insured organic farmers were not compensated for damages from epidemics of fungal disease , even though the conventional fungicides were ineffective against the fungus disease .
It seems that FCAC is taking on the role of sugar daddy to the GM industry and compliant farmers .
And that may go a long way towards promoting universal GM farming practices and bankrupting the public coffers .
Article first published 26/08/08
References
Prices are up and sales are down .
All across the globe , the story seems the same and there is n’t much good news to be found .
That is , unless you ’re working with online advertising and sales .
The best place to be bullish right now ( other than perhaps commodities ) is online marketing .
Through a combination of factors , the internet economy continues to grow and shows signs of strength building up for many more years .
Google released its 2nd quarter revenue and profit report today ( link stopped working so it has been removed ) – the results showed continued growth in online advertising and overall online traffic .
Here are the major factors contributing to increased revenues in the internet economy :
Technology costs :
While the price of commodities like gas and fuel is rising due to scarcity , the costs of technology and electronic goods is still decreasing thanks to improvements in available methods and materials .
Website and hosting prices have stayed flat , yet the providers have been able to offer more resources , better software , and more support .
Coupons and promotional deals keep prices even lower for would - be webmasters .
Consumer efficiency : People still need to make purchases , but since its time to cut back on costs one way to save money is to compare prices and buy products online .
Not only does it save consumers gasoline and miles on the car , it can save time : all of which are things in short supply these days .
Logging on and making a few web searches can save a whole day of shopping around – and low - cost shipping deals can even save a trip to the cheapest store .
Advertiser efficiency : Perhaps the number one reason why internet sales continue to dominate and expand despite an overall economic slowdown .
Online , advertising is specifically targeted for what consumers want , based on the type of searches they make and websites they visit .
Sellers know that this type of advertising has high conversion rates , and this type of targeted marketing connects sellers and buyers better than other forms of advertising like tv or radio .
Growth and more future growth , too :
The other big thing about the internet is that each year , more people log on for the first time .
Yes , even in 2008 there are a lot of people who are n’t regularly online so total traffic is only going up .
Internet growth and sales growth is truly global , and economic slowdowns in one nation do n’t necessarily effect the overall trend of more people going online with more total money to spend .
If you ’re thinking about building a website for financial purposes , whether you have a product for sale or just ideas you want to share , there are a lot of advertising opportunities available and there ’s still plenty of money to be had online .
Next year , there ’s probably going to be even more .
On Tuesday , the White House released a statement on Richer 's behalf .
In it , Richer declared , " I never received direction from George Tenet or anyone else in my chain of command to fabricate a document ... as outlined in Mr. Suskind 's book . "
The denial , however , directly contradicts Richer 's own remarks in the transcript .
" Now this is from the Vice President 's Office is how you remembered it -- not from the president ? "
Suskind asked .
" No , no , no , " Richer replied , according to the transcript .
" What I remember is George [ Tenet ] saying , 'we got this from '-- basically , from what George said was ' downtown . ' "
" Which is the White House ? " Suskind asked .
" Yes , " Richer said .
" But he did not -- in my memory - - never said president , vice president , or NSC .
Okay ?
But now -- he may have hinted -- just by the way he said it , it would have -- cause almost all that stuff came from one place only : Scooter Libby and the shop around the vice president . "
" But he did n't say that specifically , " Richer added .
" I would naturally - - I would probably stand on my , basically , my reputation and say it came from the vice president . "
" But there was n't anything in the writing that you remember saying the vice president , " Suskind continued .
" Nope , " Richer said .
" It just had the White House stationery . "
" Exactly right . "
Later , Richer added , " You know , if you 've ever seen the vice president 's stationery , it 's on the White House letterhead .
It may have said OVP ( Office of the Vice President ) .
I do n't remember that , so I do n't want to mislead you . "
Being able to secretly watch women in various states of undress was the fantasy of many Porky 's fans ( hell , it probably still is ) .
But when it comes to doing so with modern technology instead of excitedly peering through a hole in the wall of the women 's shower , the stakes are higher as concerns about privacy and identity theft become more common .
One such Peeping
Tom learned that the hard way recently , after installing software on a woman 's computer that allowed him to use the camera on her machine to secretly take some 20,000 photos of her and her friends .
It all started when Marisel Garcia started having laptop problems while visiting friends in Gainesville , Florida , last month .
Her friends recommended going to a student at the University of Florida who was known for his computer - fixing skills , 23 - year - old Craig Matthew Feigin .
She left the machine with him overnight and went on her way — until she noticed her computer having new issues several weeks later .
In addition to reduced battery life , Garcia told the Gainesville Sun that her laptop 's light turned on every time she got near it — a light that many of us know signals that the built - in camera is in use .
Garcia then took her machine to another computer expert — a trusted friend this time — who discovered that Feigin had installed two pieces of software onto her machine : Log Me In and Web Cam Spy Hacker .
Web Cam Spy Hacker may have been written by Feigin himself ( the address on the site was the same as his home address ) , and it allowed him to upload the various photos taken on the machine to a remote server .
Unfortunately for Garcia , that included 20,000 photos of her , her friends , and her boyfriend .
Since the laptop mostly resided in her bedroom , some of them were taken while she was not clothed .
Feigin apparently wasted little time ' fessing up to the deeds and even told police that he had installed the software on other women 's computers too .
" We have eight or nine more potential victims that we know of now , " Gainesville Police detective Joseph Mayo told the newspaper .
Feigin was arrested late last week and was held in jail on Friday night on a $ 20,000 bond .
He was charged with modifying computer data and disrupting or denying computer system services which , according to Florida Statute 815.06 on computer - related crimes , could be treated as a felony and punishable by prison time .
Although experienced computer users may be able to keep tabs on every program installed on their machines and might readily notice peeping Tom spyware , less - savvy users are less likely to keep a detailed list or even remember what half the apps on their machines are supposed to do in the first place .
Garcia 's experience is a reminder that , if you have a webcam , keep an eye out for that light !
A Scarcity of Gas Giants ?
We ’d all like to think our Solar System is a run-of - the - mill place , filled with the kind of planets , including our own , likely to be found around other stars .
But maybe it ’s not so ordinary after all .
For recent work suggests that stars like the Sun are n’t all that likely to form planets the size of Jupiter or larger .
So while small , rocky worlds may or may not be common — we ’re still finding the answer to that one — the combination of rocky worlds and gas giants we take for granted may actually be distinctive .
Once again I ’m reminded how many conjectures go into our projections of habitable worlds .
Here ’s one possibility :
Without a large gas giant in the outer solar system to act as a gravitational shield for the inner system , planets in the habitable zone of a star might be so pelted by space debris that life would be unlikely to form on them .
So it ’s conceivable that any findings about the scarcity of gas giants are a blow to our astrobiological hopes around other stars .
At least , around stars like our own .
The work in question looks at the Orion Nebula , that fertile breeding ground for new stars .
Only a million years old , an infant in cosmic terms , this is quite a dense place , from which the view must be striking :
Pack a thousand stars into a cube several light years to the side and you ’ve got the idea .
The Sun ’s origin some four billion years ago is commonly thought to have occurred in a dense , open cluster like Orion .
These clusters come apart with age , their stars gradually separating until no trace of the original cluster remains .
Using the Combined Array for Research in Millimeter Astronomy ( CARMA ) , researchers from the University of California at Berkeley , Caltech , and the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics have found that only eight percent of the stars in Orion ’s central region have the surrounding dust needed for a gas giant .
That would be a disk with a mass greater than one - hundredth the mass of the Sun .
Indeed , the average mass of a protoplanetary disk in this region was only one - thousandth of a solar mass .
Only one in ten of the stars showed radiation characteristic of any dust disk whatsoever .
The paper on this work explains the ramifications : “ Evidently , giant planet formation is either advanced ( having thus depleted the small dust grains in the disk ) or impossible around most stars in the ONC [ Orion Nebula Cluster ] . ”
Image : While a Hubble Space Telescope image of visible light emitted by a protoplanetary disk in the Orion Nebula called proplyd 170 - 337 shows hot , ionized gas ( red ) surrounding and streaming off of a disk ( yellow ) , 1.3 mm radio observations by CARMA and SMA reveal the dust disk hiding within the hot gas ( contours ) .
This protoplanetary disk has a mass more than one hundredth that of the sun , the minimum needed to form a Jupiter - sized planet .
Credit : Bally et al 2000 / Hubble Space Telescope & Eisner et al 2008 / CARMA , SMA .
The findings may well relate to how tightly packed the Orion stars are .
John M. Carpenter ( Caltech ) , relating the work to previous studies of the Taurus cluster ( where twenty percent of the stars showed enough dust to form planets ) , had this to say about Orion :
“ Somehow , the Orion cluster environment is not conducive to forming high mass disks or having them survive long , presumably due to the ionization field from the hot , massive OB stars , which you might expect would photoevaporate dust and lead to small disk masses . ”
This ( from the paper ) is also interesting , while highlighting the obvious need for further work :
… our observations show no clear correlation between stellar mass and disk mass , but suggest that massive disks may be more likely to be found around lower mass stars .
The percentage of detected disks is lower for stars more massive than 1 M ⊙ , and the most massive disks detected are associated with the relatively low stellar mass stars in the sample .
However , larger numbers of stellar and disk mass measurements in the ONC are needed to build up better statistics and further constrain the relationship between stellar and disk properties .
Let ’s relate all this this to broader exoplanet findings .
Six percent of the stars thus far surveyed have planets the size of Jupiter or larger .
This does not mean that smaller disks of the sort that could give rise to rocky planets are not out there , and perhaps in abundance .
Improved instrumentation , like the unfinished Atacama Large Millimeter Array ( ALMA ) now being built in Chile , may tell us how numerous they are .
But it does imply that what we assume to be a common way of producing stars like the Sun is less likely to deal up Jupiter - class worlds , with ramifications not yet fully understood .
( See the comments re a slight change to the text above ) .
An abridged version of the paper is available online .
It ’s Eisner et al. , “ Proplyds and Massive Disks in the Orion Nebula Cluster Imaged with CARMA and SMA , ” accepted for publication this August in the Astrophysical Journal .
For the second time this week , Fox News Channel was driven to respond to criticism over on - air statements about Barack Obama , in this case for screen text that described the Democratic presidential candidate 's wife as " Obama 's baby mama . "
The term is often applied pejoratively to unwed mothers .
Television news organizations , facing unprecedented scrutiny , have often expressed contrition for poorly chosen words during this election season .
In a campaign that includes the first viable African - American presidential candidate , the lines of appropriate speech have become fuzzy .
News organizations are under pressure from a broad network of self - appointed watchdogs , including organized groups like Media Matters and individuals .
These watchdogs are likely to remain vigilant about gaffes , misstatements and potentially biased language through the November vote .
Just this week , Gina McCauley , a well - known blogger in Austin , Texas , started michelleobamawatch.com to track the portrayal of Mrs. Obama in the news media .
In this campaign cycle , television news organizations have issued at least 10 apologies in total over on - air expressions .
On Tuesday , a Fox News anchor , E.D. Hill , said she regretted suggesting that a celebratory hand gesture between Barack and Michelle Obama might be a " terrorist fist jab . "
On Monday , NBC News correspondent Andrea Mitchell apologized for calling southwest Virginia " redneck country . "
Fox News is owned by News Corp. , which also owns Dow Jones & Co. , publisher of The Wall Street Journal .
I wrote a post a few weeks back about using the movie Star Wreck ( a Finnish - language Star Trek parody ) to learn Finnish for those that have gotten to around mid-level and can't find much online to get past that and towards a real kind of fluency .
One problem there however is that sometimes with simply dialogue in one language and a translation in another , you 're not always sure how the whole sentence works grammatically .
This is especially true the longer a sentence gets .
Luckily Google 's automatic translation service is now available for Finnish , and it 's surprisingly helpful .
Take a look at the first line of the movie for example :
Keisari , pahoittelen häiriötä , mutta
suosittelisin teitä harkitsemaan vielä kerran .
I would like to suggest , Emperor ,
that you reconsider your plan .
Emperor , I apologise for the inconvenience , but
recommend you to consider once again .
Keisari .
Pahoittelen .
Häiriötä .
Mutta .
Suosittelisin . Teitä . Harkitsemaan .
Vielä . Kerran .
Emperor .
I am sorry .
Disturbances .
But .
Would recommend .
You .
Harkitsemaan .
Yet .
Once .
Oikeestaan ainoa hyvä juttu tavallisen ihmisen
elämässä oli purilaiset .
Tupla -cheddarilla .
The only good thing in the life of
the man in the street was burgers .
With extra cheddar .
Correct the only good thing for ordinary people
life was purilaiset .
Dual - cheddar .
Obviously purilaiset means burgers .
A bit of searching around shows that this is short for
Oikeestaan .
Ainoa . Hyvä. Juttu . Tavallisen .
Ihmisen .
Elämässä . Oli. Purilaiset .
Tupla -cheddarilla .
Which becomes :
Right .
The only .
Good .
The case .
The ordinary .
People .
Life .
Was .
Purilaiset .
Dual - cheddar .
This translator wo n't tell you though about the cases but on the end of the words , so it 's certainly not for absolute beginners , but for those with a pretty fair familiarity with Finnish this is probably the best tool to come out this year to learn the language .
This translator wo n't tell you though about the cases but on the end of the words , so it 's certainly not for absolute beginners , but for those with a pretty fair familiarity with Finnish this is probably the best tool to come out this year to learn the language .
Obviously purilaiset means burgers .
A bit of searching around shows that this is short for hampurilaiset .
Let 's break it down again word by word :
Which becomes :
The English translation for this is : Okay , so now we know what it means .
But what would a more literal translation be ?
Google gives us this for the line in Finnish : Not bad at all .
Now here 's another trick for when using the automatic translator .
Take an entire sentence and put a period in between each word .
Now the Finnish we 'll be putting into it looks like this :
And putting that into the translator gives us the following :
Far better than looking up words in the dictionary one by one .
The translations are not always perfect of course ( and they certainly do n't work when you have characters speaking in a dialect or an obvious Russian accent so do n't even try feeding those in ) but Google has certainly made it that much easier to learn Finnish .
Here 's another interesting example where Pirk talks about how the only good thing about the 21st century were cheeseburgers :
English subtitles : Google 's translation :
Here 's the entire dialogue in Finnish , and here in English .
Oh , there 's also a Latin translation too .
Developer Timesink : Name Paralysis Posted by Louis Brandy on 26 August 2008
I 've recently become aware of a phenomenon that really hurts the productivity of software development teams when it arises .
Once I recognized it , I began to realize how frequently it actually occurred .
It was when I heard other people describing their workplace that I realized that this might be an omnipresent programmer hurdle .
The most interesting part ( and the reason for this post ) was the simple act of recognition solved the problem .
Here 's a simple example of how it might happen :
You and your team sit around and decide you really need to wrap up some set of ( messy ) functionality into a nice clean interface .
This new module can replace a half a dozen semi-hacks that are used in different places and will provide a ton of flexibility .
Sounds like a great idea .
After a bit of discussion about the requirements of this module , you go sit down but you can't start working .
Why ?
Because in order to create that new header file ( or module or package or whatever ) you need to know what to name it .
Everyone is going to be using this thing , you think .
Seems like a big decision .
Maybe you need to take a moment to figure that out .
You get into a tiny argument with yourself .
All your naming ideas stink .
Hmmm ...
Solution # 1 : Make a Decision
I called it name paralysis .
Name paralysis happens when you get stuck on a naming issue and nothing is done until the name crisis is solved .
And it happens at every level .
I 've known people who can't write a line of code for some new application until they figure out what the name , logo , and icon should be .
Same for web pages .
Same for entire websites .
Hell , even the same for entire companies .
There are people who cannot do any work on their start - up idea because they need a name and a logo first .
I 'm not an expert but that 's definitely not healthy .
And it goes down to header files or modules .
Even individual functions .
Most cases go away quickly because some self - evidently perfect name bubbles to the top .
But sometimes it does n't .
Sometimes your cube neighbor can solve the problem for you .
Sometimes , though , someone overhears this conversation with said cube - neighbor , and now there are three .
God forbid , however , that this conversation happens inside a meeting .
Name paralysis ' effect on time - wasting is geometric with the number of people .
It can get absurd .
Ever tried to come up with the main website tabs in a group of 10 ?
If you can agree on that inside of 30 minutes , congratulations .
People will sit around and discuss the pros and cons of what are essentially synonyms for dozens of minutes .
It 's just human nature .
I do n't know why , but it 's unavoidable .
The issue is n't that the names do n't matter .
We have n't written a lick of code and we have 10 people arguing over something that can be changed with sed in all of 45 seconds .
Do n't be afraid of making a name that people will want to change .
It 's better than the alternative .
If you paralyze everyone for 30 minutes to come up with a good name , you 'll start a big argument and probably not get a name everyone likes .
If , on the other hand , you just name it something , even if it is awful , people will think about it on their own time and someone will come by at some point and mention a better name .
The second scenario is infinitely more efficient .
I once named a package and accompanying source files " imageprocessing " .
That was an awful name .
I got so much shit for that name .
In our business , that 's the equivalent of naming something " math " or " thelibrary " .
I mean half our code base does image processing .
People 's visceral hatred of that name made them motivated to come up with a better name ( on their own ) and eventually we renamed it to something we came up with ( in the course of casual mockery of me and my naming ) over lunch .
Another co-worker once had to name a function that took an angle and returned a polygon .
The higher the angle , the more pointed we'd want the polygon in some particular direction ( you can get an idea from our gallery to see what I mean ) .
He named some internal function " calculatepointiness " .
That 's an awful name .
I do n't think he meant it to be permanent .
But it ended up being kind of charming and the vocabulary has stuck .< br id =" l8x1 " />
Solution # 2 : Table It
Solution # 3 : Suffer
Once I was aware of the ability of large groups of people to become paralyzed by a naming discussion , I just started interrupting everyone by saying " this is name paralysis " and the problem just went away .
We got into an argument about a web page 's section names and I just said " Ok , this is name paralysis " and the conversation moved on .
The name seemed descriptive enough that everyone immediately understood what was happening .
It was a pointless and premature argument .
Let 's talk about something that matters .
And everyone seemed to agree .
It seemed to me that the very act of naming it and pretending it was some trap we tended to fall into made everyone instantly aware of the time that was being wasted .
Sometimes , it has to happen .
Names do matter .
If it 's late in the game , you do n't have a choice .
If your website is about to launch and you still can't figure out a name for that third tab .
It 's time to call a meeting and suffer .
Having already developed dozens of projects for other companies with an eye on sustainable development , Opus Northwest is going green in its own back yard with an expansion of its headquarters in Minnetonka .
The Minnetonka - based developer has set its sights on having the project certified by the nonprofit U.S. Green Building Council 's Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design ( LEED ) building program .
Established in 2000 , the LEED system rates buildings in a variety of areas , including water and energy conservation , use of recycled or environmentally friendly materials and indoor quality .
The number of LEED - certfied buildings nationwide has jumped from 38 in 2002 to more than 1,500 so far this year , according to the council , based in Washington , D.C .
Minnesota has 14 certified commercial projects , up from just four a year ago , while the number of developments seeking certification has grown to more than 170 .
In Minnesota Opus is pursuing LEED certification for the Excelsior Crossings office complex in Hopkins and new office buildings in Minnetonka for Syngenta Seeds and UnitedHealth Group .
" Virtually all our new speculative projects are geared toward sustainable development , " said Opus Senior Vice President Tim Murnane .
" We decided that with our own building it was important for us to walk the walk . "
Work on the 148,000 - square - foot building , made in part with recycled construction materials , has been going on for several months .
Other environmentally friendly features include the use of low - vapor paints , adhesives and sealants , and high - performance glazing and glass to maximize energy efficiency .
But work on perhaps the most ambitious energy - saving feature of the building just began .
Earlier this month two rigs began the task of drilling 299 wells , each about 185 feet deep , on the land surrounding the new building .
The wells are part of a geothermal system that will use the relatively constant temperature of the ground to heat and cool the building .
Marcie Thedinger of Kansas City , Mo. , holds a book critical of John Kerry as she listens to the benediction at the close of the opening session of the Republican National Convention in New York , Monday , Aug. 30 , 2004 .
Wild theories of ' Obama Nation ' author
The folks behind “ The Obama Nation , ” the wildly successful but factually disputed new book trashing presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama , are casting it as a scholarly , thoroughly researched work .
But its author has left a trail of wild theories , vitriol and dogma that have called into question his credibility .
Advertisement
Jerome Corsi , who rose to prominence as the co-author of a book attacking 2004 Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry , penned another tome asserting oil is a nearly infinite resource that continues to generate naturally , and posted a series of online comments through 2004 , including suggestions that Hillary Rodham Clinton is a lesbian and Muslims worship Satan .
In an interview with Politico , Corsi pointed out that he ’s apologized for Internet postings ripping Muslims and Catholics , and said they do n’t undermine the integrity of his new book .
“ I wrote those to be provocative and I said I would not use that kind of politically incorrect language again , and I do n’t believe I have , ” he said .
The outrageous allegations have n’t stopped Corsi , who boasts a Ph.D. in political science from Harvard , from achieving mainstream success .
The Obama book was published by a new Simon & Schuster imprint that is run by Mary Matalin , a top Republican strategist and media personality .
The New York Times on Wednesday featured an excerpt of the book and a front - page write - up .
The story , though , spent considerable space challenging some of the book ’s specific claims , including that Obama has “ extensive connections to Islam , ” that he never made clear he ceased using drugs after his admitted youthful dabbling and that he sat through a particularly inflammatory 2007 sermon by his former pastor the Rev. Jeremiah Wright .
Corsi called such challenges “ nitpicking and not getting my core argument . ”
The book questions whether Obama ’s drug use continued into adulthood , Corsi said , because Obama ’s assertions to the contrary are “ unreliable . ”
It raises the racially charged rhetoric in a specific Wright sermon because Corsi said it was consistent with the worldview of Obama ’s church .
Though he conceded that the conservative blog post from which he got the sermon date may have been wrong , Corsi said he did n’t intend to investigate or issue a correction .
“ It ’s not a material enough error to have mattered , because it ’s a very peripheral point , ” he said .
Some of the allegations in Corsi ’s attack book on Kerry , “ Unfit for Command , ” were similarly challenged .
Still , both “ Unfit for Command ” and “ Obama Nation ” reached No. 1 on the Times nonfiction best - seller list , highlighting both the lucrative nature of the attack - book genre and the intense interest in all things Obama .
Sales undoubtedly have been boosted by recent appearances on top conservative talk radio shows and Fox News shows , including " Hannity & Colmes . "
Corsi is an unabashed partisan .
In 2006 , he mulled a run for president under the hard - right Constitution Party ’s banner and last year he signed on as a senior strategist for a group that intended to become to the right what MoveOn.org is to the left .
But his outrageous assertions and fringe theories — which include allegations that President Bush worked to eliminate the borders with Mexico and Canada and the assertion that Kerry is a Communist — have hurt his credibility on the right , as well .
Corsi ’s co-author on the Kerry attack book , Swift Boat Veterans for Truth spokesman John O'Neill , downplayed Corsi ’s role after the left - leaning press watchdog group Media Matters exposed Corsi ’s venomous postings in the conservative blogosphere .
On the blog FreeRepublic.com , Corsi wrote that pedophilia “ is OK with the Pope as long as it is n't reported by the liberal press , ” that “ RAGHEADS are Boy - Bumpers as clearly as they are Women - Haters ” and that Kerry is “ Anti-Christian , Anti-American . ”
Last year , Corsi released a book charging President Bush was secretly plotting to create a North American Union by merging the U.S. with Canada and Mexico .
The idea that there is a secretive plan for a North American Union is a favorite bogeyman for small - government conservatives but has been derided as baseless by mainstream thinkers and officials .
In blasting Corsi and the theory , a columnist at the influential conservative blog Human Events wrote , “ I do n't think Corsi is any more worthy of being taken seriously than those who think Jews rule the world or the ‘ Truthers ’ who think President Bush is responsible for 9/11 . ”
KARL ROVE’S BRILLIANT ANALYSIS …..
Looking back at Karl Rove ’s campaign analysis from earlier this month , this might be the single funniest thing I ’ve read in a long time .
Republican strategist Karl Rove said on Face The Nation Sunday that he expects presumptive Democratic nominee Barack Obama to choose a running mate based on political calculations , not the person ’s readiness for the job .
“ I think he ’s going to make an intensely political choice , not a governing choice , ” Rove said .
“ He ’s going to view this through the prism of a candidate , not through the prism of president ; that is to say , he ’s going to pick somebody that he thinks will on the margin help him in a state like Indiana or Missouri or Virginia .
He ’s not going to be thinking big and broad about the responsibilities of president . ”
Rove singled out Virginia governor Tim Kaine , also a Face The Nation guest , as an example of such a pick .
“ With all due respect again to Governor Kaine , he ’s been a governor for three years , he ’s been able but undistinguished , ” Rove said .
“ I do n’t think people could really name a big , important thing that he ’s done .
He was mayor of the 105th largest city in America . ”
Rove continued : “ So if he were to pick Governor Kaine , it would be an intensely political choice where he said , ` You know what ?
I ’m really not , first and foremost , concerned with , is this person capable of being president of the United States . ”
Anna Arutunyan
Moscow News
August 13 .
2008
Russia underlined its right to a “ preventive ” nuclear strike this week in what military analysts interpreted as a move to introduce more clarity into the nation ’s defense doctrine .
The statements , made by Chief of General Staff Yuri Baluyevsky on Saturday , were followed by naval exercises in the northern Atlantic that will feature over 40 aircraft of the Air Force .
Though unrelated , the developments pointed to a Russia not so much on the offensive as a one that was eager to bring its defense doctrine in line with that of the Western world and make it more up to date with contemporary military demands .
“ We are not planning to attack anyone .
But our partners should clearly understand … that the armed forces will be used if necessary to protect the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the Russian Federation and its allies , including on a preventative basis , including with the use of nuclear weapons , ” RIA Novosti quoted Baluyevsky as saying Saturday at a scientific conference in Moscow .
He underlined , however , that “ military force can and must be used to demonstrate the decisiveness of the top leadership of the country ” only as “ a last resort ” and when all other methods have failed .
“ This is the clarification of the nuclear doctrine , ” Sergei Karaganov , a defense expert and the dean of the International Politics Department at the Higher School of Economics , told The Moscow News .
“ What [ Baluyev­sky ] means is the enhanced deterrence doctrine , which was created in the United States ” and used by NATO for decades .
And while Karaganov believes the statements might be interpreted more aggressively in the West , they are mostly meant to have a psychological impact .
“ We have adopted the concept of preemption , ” he says , noting that it was previously not part of Russia ’s nuclear doctrine .
General Gennady Yevstafyev , a former military intelligence officer , believes that though General Ba­luyevsky made some very important and necessary clarifications , there is nothing “ extraordinary ” about the statements .
They are in line with the doctrine President Vladimir Putin began spelling out in 2000 , which announced Russia ’s readiness to use nuclear weapons for the defense of itself and its allies .
Yevstafyev pointed out , however , that Baluyevsky ’s comments should be understood in a context that includes some of the other statements made at the conference .
“ Soon we will not be able to maintain missile defense , ” Yevstafyev told The Moscow News , echoing Col. Gen .
Alexander Zelin , who told a conference at the Academy of Military Sciences in Moscow that over the next 12 years foreign powers will “ obtain fundamentally new means and systems ” and integrate intelligence , communications and navigation , leaving almost all of Russia ’s territory vulnerable .
“ Under these conditions a potential enemy will gain the ability to carry out high - precision strikes , coordinated in terms of time and space , on practically any target on Russian territory , ” RIA Novosti quoted him as saying .
As for Baluyevsky ’s statements themselves , experts doubt they will have any serious impact on relations between Russia and NATO .
“ This is not news for NATO , ” Karaganov said .
“ As for our allies , we will see who ’s ready to join our nuclear umbrella . ”
Asked what potential allies might benefit from this kind of protection , Karaganov pointed to countries in Asia .
The statements came against a backdrop of the biggest military exercises staged in the Atlantic since the end of the Cold War as warships and nuclear bombers successfully test fired supersonic cruise missiles close to the Iberian Peninsula .
The Moskva missile cruiser of the Russian Black Sea Fleet staged a successful live fire exercise , while 40 aircraft , including Tu-160 Blackjacks are set to take part .
Col. Gen. Yuri Soloviev , meanwhile , announced this week that the Moscow Region would have a second unit operating a S - 400 Triumph zenith anti-missile system by the end of the year .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
There has been much discussion recently – including on this blog – about whether English nationalism can be reconciled with progressive politics ; and whether progressives need to espouse the nationalist cause , associate it with left - of - centre values , and thereby prevent it from falling into the hands of the far right .
I would go further .
I would say not only that English nationalism could and should be taken up as a progressive cause but that it should also be at the forefront of the great cause célèbre of the moment : the fight to preserve our civil liberties , currently being championed by the former Conservative shadow home secretary David Davis through the by - election he has called to force a public debate on the issues .
I would recommend to my readers the excellent article by Anthony Barnett of the OurKingdom blog on David Davis ’s stand and its significance , if they have n’t already come across this .
I left a long ’ish comment on it , which I reproduce here , as it summarises my thinking and leads to the point I want to make now :
“ This is why we should have the confidence to celebrate the fact that a leading politician is taking issues of principle and government to the people , irrespective of his party politics .
“ Especially in Britain ( or should I say England , as arguably Alex Salmond has already done this in Scotland ) . ”
Naturally , I see this caveat – “ or should I say England ” – as key .
You wo n’t see Scottish or Welsh nationalists mounting your barricades , as they ’re not interested in building open , representative and constitutional British democracy .
The way I ’m interested in framing the issue is as follows : is the British state and parliament losing its democratic legitimacy as a consequence of measures such as 42 days and identity management ; or is its recourse to such measures a consequence of the fact that it is losing its legitimacy ?
One of the truths that the database society manifests is that government no longer trusts the people ; and it no longer trusts the people because it has lost the trust of the people .
But it ’s not just about government but about the state : the British state , in particular .
You ’re right to link the ‘ transformational government ’ programme to the break down of the unitary state that the Labour government itself initiated through devolution .
The whole British establishment knows that it is engaged in a battle for its very survival and that its legitimacy to represent and speak for the different nations of Britain has been fundamentally and fatally undermined .
And this is why , in more than a merely metaphorical or rhetorical sense , every citizen becomes a potential terrorist : someone whom the government suspects of wishing the British state as presently constituted to fall apart – which growing ranks of its citizenry do in fact wish .
42 days and systematic identity management across all government departments are of a piece , in that they are about – as you put it , quoting from ‘ Who do they think we are ? ’ – discovering the “ deep truth about the citizen ( or business ) based on their behaviour , experiences , beliefs , needs or desires ” .
In other words , it ’s about finding out who is an enemy of the state : the enemy within .
For most of us , ID cards and CCTV surveillance are ‘ sufficient ’ for the state apparatus to reassure itself that we are not a serious threat .
For the rest of us , there ’s 42 days .
But the danger is in the blurring , in the eyes and state machinery of paranoid control , between legitimate , democratic antagonism towards the state , and illegitimate , physically violent hostility : terrorism .
I ’m an enemy of the British state , in that I ’d like to see it replaced by a federal state or abolished altogether ( i.e. through Scottish and English independence ) .
And if we had a federal state , this should have much less central power , with most of the national - level decisions taken by an English parliament and a much stronger local - government sector .
Does this make me ‘ suspect ’ in the eyes of the database state ?
Probably , yes : and therein lies its true danger .
But we need to be clear that the fight is not just with ‘ the state ’ in some universal sense ; but with the British state .
And this is because it ’s primarily an English struggle , as the Scots and Welsh are pursuing their own paths towards constitutional democracy .
And what will emerge , if the libertarians are successful in the present fight , will almost certainly not be a new written constitution , bill of rights and representative democracy for Britain but for England .
Indeed , it ’s fundamentally because the people of England have lost their faith in the legitimacy of the British state to govern them that the government is so concerned to manage and orchestrate their British identity in the first place .
And it is to popular English national sentiment , and to the sense of our traditional English liberties , that the libertarian cause will have to appeal if it is to touch the hearts and minds of the Sun-reading class .
What I want to say here follows on from these points .
The libertarian and nationalist cause in this country have fundamentally the same goals and should see themselves as natural allies .
‘ This country ’ being England , let it be understood .
Put simply , we ’re both pushing for an end to the British state as currently constituted , and want a proper representative democracy – responsive to the needs , concerns and sentiments of the people – backed up by a new constitutional settlement and preferably a bill of rights .
But the reality that the libertarians need to get their head round is that this new constitutional settlement must radically address and resolve the asymmetry with which the different nations of the UK are presently governed .
There is no way back to the old unitary UK , and the new constitution cannot be one that applies in a monolithic way to the whole of ‘ Britain ’ .
The unitary UK no longer exists , and to pretend that it does – as the government has attempted to do since devolution – is either wilful deceit ( an attempt to suppress English aspirations for democratic self - governance ) or blind self - deception .
Similarly , there is no stock of idealism , aspiration , energy and commitment that could unite the English , Scots and Welsh behind a common cause for a new British constitution and a system of governance that pretended to accommodate and perpetuate the present muddled and iniquitous devolution settlement .
The only way forward for the libertarian movement is to accept that there can be no unitary - British process of constitutional reform : the Scots and the Welsh are seeking and articulating their own way forward , and the aspirations of those countries for national self - determination cannot simply be subsumed and channelled into a single British constitutional process .
Which means that , for the rest of us , the process is of necessity an English process .
The difference , for the time being at least , between the libertarian and the nationalist is merely that the latter regards this necessity as being also a virtue .
But it can become so for the libertarian , too , especially if the process results in the outcomes that libertarians have sought for so long : electoral reform ; an executive accountable to parliament ; a parliament accountable to the people ; a truly independent judiciary respecting our age - old , English civil liberties , such as habeas corpus and privacy ; etc .
Indeed , I would say that accepting that this process has got to be an English one in the first instance , and espousing this as a positive thing in its own right , actually presents the only realistic possibility of achieving the libertarian objectives in the present circumstances .
This is firstly because an English solution – a new English constitutional settlement – is the only realistic goal , for the reasons I ’ve set out : no more unitary British fixes to the broken Union .
Secondly , it ’s the only way that the libertarian cause , such as it has been taken up by David Davis , can become a truly popular cause .
This is – as I set out in my comment on Anthony Barnett ’s article – because the more profound reason why Westminster politicians and the British government are no longer trusted is because they are out of touch with the English people and are not properly accountable to them : a government that does dual purpose as a UK and as an English administration , elected through a ludicrously disproportionate voting system , and by the votes of Scottish and Welsh people , headed up by a Scottish PM and several senior Scottish ministers who make laws for England but ca n’t be voted out by English people ; whereas the people of Scotland and Wales can vote for two governments – one specifically for their countries , with policy agendas directly addressing the needs and concerns of their countries ; and one for reserved UK matters ( and for England - only matters to boot ) .
And then , on top of all this , an emasculated parliament that dutifully performs the will of the executive through a combination of misplaced party loyalty and corrupt deal making , and which is therefore unable to defend the freedoms or represent the will of the people ; but which still has the nerve to claim that its ‘ sovereignty ’ is sacrosanct – as if this had anything to do with the sovereign will of the people , rather than being merely a reference to the sovereign power of the monarch as enacted by an executive whose only claim to a democratic mandate is an election held at its own whim where it is awarded sweeping majorities purely and simply because of the crazy electoral system – and certainly not because of the actual votes of the English people .
This has got to stop .
And we need a new constitutional settlement for England .
Forget about the British dimension for the moment ; that ’s out of our hands – ‘ our hands ’ meaning , of course , the hands of the English .
As English people , we have to seek a democratic solution for England , and leave the Scots and Welsh to work out their own destiny .
What we can do , however – and this is perhaps the only chance for any British state to survive – is frame our new constitution in such a way that the Scots , Welsh and Northern Irish can choose to join us or not .
By this , I ’m referring to the fact that there are two dimensions to the reform process :
an English bill of rights , which would enshrine the fundamental , universal principles and liberties I ’ve alluded to , e.g. parliamentary accountability , representative democracy , judicial independence , freedom until charged of an imprisonable offence , innocence until proven guilty , etc .
There ’s nothing wrong in such a bill of rights being referred to as English rather than British ; if such a statement is a product of the English people themselves freely articulating and agreeing to a set of fundamental principles , then it should justly and proudly be called English .
There ’s nothing to then prevent the Scots and Welsh adopting those principles wholesale as laying the foundation for their own governance , or adapting them to their different circumstances and , in the case of Scotland , juridical principles ; the specific forms of governance that are devised in accordance with such principles , and which would form the basis of a new English constitution .
In this aspect of the process , we – the English people – could devise a federal , Britain - wide system that could accommodate the Scots , the Welsh and the Northern Irish if they wished to be part of it .
If we got the design right , they might decide not to go off on their own .
But , in order for that to happen , there would have to be a high degree of autonomy for each of the nations of the UK , so as to give expression to the aspirations for national self - determination in each of them , including , of course , in England .
The nations of the present UK would become the primary sources of sovereign authority in the land – sovereign because answerable to their people – and the national parliaments would have to have equal powers , including those of initiating primary legislation and raising all the taxes required to fund the programmes for which they were responsible .
A multi-national , federal constitutional settlement such as this could potentially balance out the four nations ’ aspirations for autonomy with the wish to remain in a union of friendship and co-operation in matters of mutual interest , which would be the domain of a federal British government .
A constitutional settlement which , on the other hand , tried to impose a unitary British bill of rights and written constitution would be bound to provoke resistance and resentment on the part of Scots and English alike ; whereas , letting the Scots and the Welsh appropriate ever greater powers to their devolved bodies while denying the parity of a similar national parliament to the English might just drive the placid English into revolt .
But the important point is that the formulation and realisation of this new federal system of governance should be driven primarily by the English , and not imposed on them from above by the British government , as in the present government ’s stymied Governance of Britain programme .
We need to devise a federal system that protects the rights of the smaller nations of Britain , so their will cannot be overridden .
It would have to be a system they wanted to join ; and that ’s really how the choice should be formulated : a comprehensive settlement , addressing English demands for freedom and democracy , that the other UK nations should be offered the choice of joining if they wish .
As opposed to a process of drift whereby the other nations elect to abandon the rotten British ship , and we English will not have worked out a new system of governance to protect our rights , and give proud and positive expression to England and Englishness , which will otherwise be merely the default option in any case .
Such a declaration of intent might give some decent impetus to the whole process of redrawing the national - constitutional map of these islands , and bring the agonising death of the unitary UK to a swift and merciful end .
So , we – the English people – would say to our neighbours : ‘ OK , you ’ve been working your way towards self - governance ; now we in England are going to recast our forms of governance , and reformulate our rights , and you can join us – with your national rights and democratic will protected – if you wish , or not ’ .
But it ’s down to us , the English people , to seize the initiative and set the agenda .
After all , if we do n’t stand up for our freedoms , the British parliament has shown itself unwilling and unable to protect them .
by eMedExpert staff
Medical references reviewed : August , 2018
During the whole long history of research on the human brain , scientists believed that the brain was not making any new neural connections when the body stopped developing .
Which means that since the age of the early - to - mid 20s human memory begins to get irreversibly worse .
And doctors knew that neurons , just like any other part of the body , weaken as people age .
Loss of brain function due to neural breakdown related to aging was assumed to be normal and unavoidable .
However , in the past few years , it has become clear that things are not that bleak and human brain can still make new neurons starting in your 20s and continuing well into old age .
So you can literally rewire the brain with new parts as the older parts wear out .
How ?
There are lots of things you can do right now to preserve , protect and enhance your gray matter .
1 Physical exercise
A healthy body really does mean a healthy mind .
In the last decade it has become clear that regular exercise beneficially affects brain function .
Exercise boosts brain power by stimulating formation of new brain cells ( neurons ) , the process known as neurogenesis2 .
Also , exercise strengthens connections between brain cells .
Exercise stimulates the area of the brain associated with memory and learning1 .
Regular physical activity may even help prevent Alzheimer 's disease .
Several studies7 have confirmed that regular physical activity reduces the risk of cognitive decline and dementia in old age .
2 Lifelong learning - your brain is a learning machine
For most of us , after we graduate from high school or college , our pursuit of new knowledge bottoms out over time .
We may be professionals at what we do , but we are n't learning new things .
Unfortunately so , because there is clear evidence8 that education and learning produce favourable changes in the brain .
Researchers believe that intellectual activity plays a neuroprotective role against dementia .
Some studies suggest that having a low level of formal education and poor linguistic skills is a risk factor for cognitive decline in later life .
But if you continue to learn and challenge yourself , your brain continues to grow , literally .
Recent research9 has demonstrated that learning over time enhances memory and the survival of new brain cells .
An active brain produces new connections between nerve cells that allow cells to communicate with each other .
This helps the brain store and retrieve information more easily , no matter what your age .
How can you challenge yourself ?
Scientists agree that anything that is new and expands your knowledge will effectively increase your IQ and brain power :
Learning to play any musical instrument
Switching careers or starting a new one
Starting a new creative hobby , this could be anything like painting , biking , photography , gardening
Learning a foreign language .
According to the study speaking more than one language may slow the aging process in the mind
Staying informed about what 's going on in the world
Learning to cook new dish
If you let your brain be idle , it 's not going to be in the best health .
Advertisement
3 Mental stimulation
Researchers found that a woman 's memory can be impaired for at least a year after giving a birth , although the effects are minor
Stimulate your brain .
The more you think , the better your brains function - regardless of age .
So make sure you 're actively problem - solving and having to use your memory .
Just as physical exercises keep your body strong , mental exercises keep your mind sharp and agile .
Without something to keep us mentally charged , our brains , like unused muscles , can atrophy , leading to a decline in cognitive abilities .
Researchers at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York6 found that older adults who were frequently engaged in mental activity had lower risk of dementia by up 75 percent compared to those who did n’t stimulate their minds .
Researchers from the Princeton University10 discovered that simple cognitive stimulation such as Bingo can be of great value to the daily management of Alzheimer 's patients .
Some good ways to stimulate your mind :
Travelling
Going to museums , art galleries
Reading books .
Journals , newspapers and magazines are also good , but books are the best .
Playing ' thinking ' games like cards , checkers , chess , crosswords , sudoku puzzles
Scrabble or doing crossword puzzles
Playing musical instruments
Dancing
Crafts such as drawing , painting , and ceramics
Ditch the calculator once in a while and forcing yourself to do the calculation
Volunteering
4 Social interaction - People are good medicine
How often and for how long people talk on the phone with their family members , friends , colleagues , and neighbours , how often they meet and on what occasions , with who they can share their thoughts and feelings - all this can be united by a term " social interaction " .
Men are one and a half times more likely than women to develop
problems with thinking , language , reasoning , and memory that are greater than those usually experienced with normal aging .
Socializing has a protective effect on the brain because it's a form of mental exercise .
Not only does interacting with people stimulate the brain , but it can also keep you sharp , because dealing with people can be pretty challenging .
Strong social relationships have been associated with lower blood pressure and longer life expectancies .
And loneliness and social isolation is believed to be an important risk factor for cognitive decline in older persons .
U.S. researchers found11 that talking to another person for 10 minutes a day improves memory and test scores .
They found that socializing was just as effective as more traditional kinds of mental exercise in boosting memory and intellectual performance .
They also found that the higher the level of social interaction , the better the cognitive functioning .
Social interaction included getting together or having phone conversations with relatives , friends , colleagues , and neighbors .
In a study of more than 2,800 people ages 65 or older , Harvard researchers 12 found that those with at least five social ties - church groups , social groups , regular visits , or phone calls with family and friends - were less likely to suffer cognitive decline than those with no social ties .
5 Sleep & Nap
Sleep plays critical and sometimes crucial role in brain development and growth .
Science explains the healing power of sleep by the fact that sleep may contribute to neurogenesis , which is the process of formation of new nerve cells in the brain .
Research in animals13 provides an insight about how the sleep deprivation is harmful for the brain - it reduces the number of new brain cells .
Without sufficient sleep , neurons may not have enough time to repair all the damage , and so could malfunction during the day .
Sleep is necessary for the brain to process and consolidate knowledge and for memories to form .
Neuroscientists say that during sleep the hippocampus ( part of the brain where memory is stored ) becomes highly active and moves knowledge from short - term memory to long - term memory14 .
The memories laid down by the sleeping brain are of two kinds .
Declarative memory or the memory for information - facts , dates , and names .
Procedural memory is what allows us to do things like play a musical instrument , ride a bicycle , or add up a bill .
Scientists think these two types of memory are influenced by different parts of the sleep cycle .
Slow wave sleep benefits mainly the consolidation of declarative memories .
In contrast , rapid eye movement ( REM ) sleep seems to benefit procedural memory15 .
According to animal studies , when you perform a task , the brain cells fire in a certain sequence .
If you then fall asleep , the same cells automatically fire in an identical sequence without being distracted or disrupted by incoming visual stimuli .
There is a consistent pattern : Learn something new during the day , consolidate what you have learned during a good night 's sleep , then remember or perform the task better in the morning .
However , sleep before learning is also critical in preparing the brain for next - day memory formation .
Even a nap in the middle of the day may benefit some learning , according to a recent study5 .
Sleep appears to help " set " the declarative memories and make them easier to recall .
6 Stress management
The brain uses 20 % of our body 's oxygen and 20 % of its blood .
Scientists believe people exposed to chronic stress tend to have elevated levels of hormone cortisol .
Cortisol is produced by the adrenal glands in response to acute and chronic stress .
High cortisol levels are dangerous to the brain .
Some of the most impressive ( in a negative way ) effects of the stress on brain are hippocampal atrophy , shrinkage of the hippocampus or prefrontal cortex ( the area of the brain unique to humans ) , and even neural death in some brain regions20 .
The hippocampus , a vital brain region for episodic , spatial , and contextual memory , has many cortisol receptors , which makes it especially susceptible to stress .
Chronic stress can impair cell communication in the brain region responsible for learning and memory .
Increased stress hormone levels lead to memory impairment in the elderly and learning difficulties in young adults19 .
Short - term stress is also very destructive .
Researchers from the University of California18 have found short - term stress lasting as little as few hours can harm brain - cell communication in areas essential for learning and memory .
They revealed that acute stress activated selective molecules called corticotropin releasing hormones , which disrupted the process by which the brain collects and stores memories .
Stress is always present in our lives and cannot be avoided .
So you should focus not on stress elimination , but rather on stress management .
There are several ways to help you manage stress in your daily life :
See problems as opportunities
Get away from the noise
Exercise
Learn relaxation techniques such as yoga and meditation
Cut down on unnecessary responsibilities and avoid over - scheduling
Make time for leisure activities
Get a massage
7 Laugh & Humor
Laughter is the best medicine !
You probably heard this phrase many times .
Recently scientists began to seriously investigate the healing power of humor and positive emotions .
By having fun and laughing , your stress levels decrease significantly .
Humor stimulates the parts of our brain that use the " feel good " chemical messenger dopamine .
Also , researchers found that humor improves memory 26 .
8 Healthy breakfast
It might be the last thing on your morning to - do list , if it is on your list at all .
However , many studies have shown that having breakfast improves the ability of concentration , reaction time , learning ability , mood and memory , whereas skipping breakfast reduces people 's performance at school and at work27 .
Scientists at Cardiff University in Wales found that persons who ate a high - fiber cereal in the morning showed a 10 percent reduction in fatigue , lower incidence of depression , and better cognitive skills .
Fiber helps slow down the absorption of food in the stomach , so you have more energy for a longer period of time .
9 Omega - 3 fatty acids
High intake of omega - 6 rich oils ( such as sunflower or grape seed oil ) decreases the risk of dementia and Alzheimer disease4 .
Omega - 3 fatty acids are essential for brain health - they provide the physical building blocks needed for brain development and for maintenance of its structural and functional integrity .
In fact , one of the omega - 3 fatty acids , commonly known as DHA ( docosahexaenoic acid ) , makes up a large portion of the gray matter in the brain and is vital for brain cells function .
Diet rich in DHA improves learning , while lack of DHA worsens learning ability .
Adding more DHA to your brain directly influences cell - to - cell communication , affects nerve conduction and neurotransmitter release , and other processes that allow brain cells to send messages to each other21 .
French researchers4 found that people who regularly consume omega - 3 rich oils , such as canola , flaxseed , and walnut oil , are 60 % less likely to develop dementia .
Regular consumption of fruits and vegetables lowers dementia risk by 30 % .
People who eat fish at least once a week are 40 percent less likely to develop dementia .
Coldwater fish , such as salmon , tuna , mackerel , and herring are rich sources of omega - 3 fatty acids ( just be careful to eat fish in moderation due to potential contamination with mercury ) .
Dutch studies 22 revealed that high fish consumption may reduce the risk of dementia and cognitive decline .
10 Blueberries
Blueberries are a real tasty and low - glycemic superfood .
Eating blueberries every day was found by the USDA at Tufts University 23 to slow and even reverse age - related brain decline , as well as improve short - term memory loss and help reverse age - related loss of balance .
Blueberries are rich in flavonoids , including anthocyanins and flavanols .
Although the precise mechanisms by which these plant - derived molecules affect the brain are unclear , they have been shown to cross the blood brain barrier after dietary intake .
It is believed that they exert their effects on learning and memory by enhancing existing neuronal connections , improving cellular communications and stimulating neuronal regeneration .
11 Vegetables
Eating vegetables may slow the mental decline and normal brain aging 16 .
Cruciferous and green leafy vegetables including cauliflower , spinach , kale , broccoli , cabbage , brussels sprout and collards promise to be the most beneficial 17 .
These vegetables contain healthy amounts of vitamin E , an antioxidant that prevents formation of free radicals damaging body cells .
Increased blood level of homocysteine is a strong risk factor for the development of Alzheimer disease and dementia31 .
Three B vitamins , folic acid , B6 , and B12 , can help lower your homocysteine levels .
Fortified cereal , other grains , and leafy green vegetables are good sources of B vitamins .
12 Want to drink ?
Choose red wine !
People who drink to forget unpleasant memories may actually be doing the opposite by reinforcing the neural circuits that control negative emotional memory3 .
While heavy drinking clearly causes serious problems for many people , drinking in moderation may be actually good for the brain .
Intake of up to three daily servings of wine , unlike other alcohol beverages like liquor or beer , is associated with a lower risk of dementia .
This may be due to the ability of red wine polyphenols to protect brain cells against alcohol - induced damage25 .
There is well - documented evidence that resveratrol , a polyphenol found in red wine and red grape skin and seeds , has significant antioxidant activity and produces neuroprotective effects24 .
13 Care for your heart and vessels
Many risk factors for cardiovascular disease may also contribute to cognitive decline and dementia .
High blood pressure in midlife increases the risk of cognitive decline in old age28 .
Diabetes29 and high levels of LDL ( " bad " ) cholesterol30 appear to significantly increase the risk of dementia .
14 Musical training
A growing body of scientific research finds musical training provides students learning advantages in the classroom .
Recently scientists revealed that very poor auditory and memory skills are rare among children with even a short period of musical training35 .
According to 2014 Kraus 's study32 , learning to play a musical instrument or to sing can help disadvantaged children strengthen their reading and language skills .
Musical training appears to enhance the way children 's nervous systems process sounds in a busy environment , e.g. classroom .
Also , lifelong musical training shows benefits in at least 2 important functions known to decline with age -- memory and the ability to hear speech in noise34 .
15 Singing for foreign language learning
A new experimental study33 provides evidence that a listen - and - repeat singing method can facilitate foreign language learning .
Singing in a foreign language can significantly improve learning how to speak it .
16Neurobics
Created by Lawrence C. Katz , Ph.D. , a professor of neurobiology at Duke University Medical Center , neurobics is a unique system of brain exercises .
Using your five physical senses and your emotional sense in unexpected ways that encourage you to shake up your everyday routines .
Studies have shown that even small changes in daily patterns induce brain stimulation .
Neurobics can be done anywhere , anytime , in unusual , fun and easy ways .
These exercises can activate underused nerve pathways and connections , helping you achieve a fit and flexible mind :
Drive to work a different route
Get dressed with your eyes closed
Brush your teeth with the other hand
Unlock the door with your eyes closed
Use your opposite hand to dial the phone or operate the TV remote
Listen to music and smell flowers at the same time
Shop at new grocery store
Research has suggested that using your left hand if you 're right handed or the other way around more often , can help stimulate parts of the brain that you do n't normally use .
17 Repeated testing is superior to repeated studying
There is strong evidence that memory is enhanced by repeated retrieval of information36 .
This means that simply learning something new is not the same as learning and using your new knowledge .
So try to practice what you have learned to stimulate your brain even further .
Advertisement
Sources & References
1. Wu CW , Chen YC , Yu L , Chen HI , Jen CJ , Huang AM , Tsai HJ , Chang YT , Kuo YM .
Treadmill exercise counteracts the suppressive effects of peripheral lipopolysaccharide on hippocampal neurogenesis and learning and memory .
J Neurochem .
2007 Dec;103(6) :2471 -81 .
PubMed
2. Yuan TF , Paes F , Arias - Carrión O , Ferreira Rocha NB , de Sá Filho AS , Machado S. Neural Mechanisms of Exercise : Anti-Depression , Neurogenesis , and Serotonin Signaling .
CNS Neurol Disord Drug Targets .
2015 ;14(10 ) :1307 - 11 .
PubMed
3. Bruce KR , Pihl RO .
Enhanced consolidation of emotionally charged memory by alcohol .
Exp Clin Psychopharmacol .
1997 Aug;5(3):242-50 .
PubMed
4. Barberger - Gateau P , Raffaitin C , Letenneur L , Berr C , Tzourio C , Dartigues JF , Alpe'rovitch A. Dietary patterns and risk of dementia .
Neurology .
2007 Nov 13;69(20 ) :1921 -30 .
PubMed
5. Tucker MA , Fishbein W. Enhancement of declarative memory performance following a daytime nap is contingent on strength of initial task acquisition .
Sleep .
2008 Feb 1;31(2):197-203 .
6. Verghese J , Lipton RB , Katz MJ , Hall CB , Derby CA , Kuslansky G , Ambrose AF , Sliwinski M , Buschke H. Leisure activities and the risk of dementia in the elderly .
N Engl J Med. 2003 Jun 19;348(25):2508 - 16 .
PubMed
7. Andel R , Crowe M , Pedersen NL , Fratiglioni L , Johansson B , Gatz M. Physical exercise at midlife and risk of dementia three decades later .
J Gerontol A Biol Sci Med Sci. 2008 Jan;63( 1):62 - 6 . PubMed
8. Hatch SL , Feinstein L , Link BG , Wadsworth ME , Richards M. Adult education and midlife cognitive ability .
J Gerontol B Psychol Sci Soc Sci. 2007 Nov;62(6 ) : S404 - 14 .
PubMed
9. Sisti HM , Glass AL , Shors TJ .
Learning over time enhances memory and the survival of new neurons .
Learn Mem. 2007 May 10;14(5):368-75 .
10 . Sobel BP .
Bingo vs. physical intervention in stimulating short - term cognition in Alzheimer 's disease patients .
Am J Alzheimers Dis Other Demen .
2001 Mar - Apr;16(2) :115-20 PubMed
11 . Ybarra O , Burnstein E , Winkielman P , Keller MC , Manis M , Chan E , Rodriguez J. Social interaction promotes general cognitive functioning .
Pers Soc Psychol Bull .
2008 Feb;34(2):248-59 .
12 . Bassuk SS , Glass TA , Berkman LF .
Social disengagement and incident cognitive decline in community - dwelling elderly persons .
Ann Intern Med. 1999 Aug 3;131(3) :165-73
13 . Guzman - Marin R , Suntsova N , Bashir T , Nienhuis R , Szymusiak R , McGinty D. Rapid eye movement sleep deprivation contributes to reduction of neurogenesis in the hippocampal dentate gyrus of the adult rat .
Sleep .
2008 Feb 1;31(2):167-75 .
14 . Gais S , Born J. Declarative memory consolidation : mechanisms acting during human sleep .
Learn Mem. 2004 Nov-Dec ; 11(6):679-85 .
15 . Wagner U , Born J. Memory consolidation during sleep : Interactive effects of sleep stages and HPA regulation .
Stress .
2007 Jul 20 ;:1
16 . Morris MC , Evans DA , Tangney CC , Bienias JL , Wilson RS .
Associations of vegetable and fruit consumption with age - related cognitive change .
Neurology .
2006 Oct 24;67(8) :1370 -6 .
17 . Kang JH , Ascherio A , Grodstein F. Fruit and vegetable consumption and cognitive decline in aging women .
Ann Neurol .
2005 May;57(5):713-20 .
PubMed
18 . Chen Y , Dube ' CM , Rice CJ , Baram TZ .
Rapid loss f dendritic spines after stress involves derangement of spine dynamics by corticotropin - releasing hormone .
J Neurosci .
2008 Mar 12;28(11):2903 -11 .
19 . Lupien SJ , Fiocco A , Wan N , Maheu F , Lord C , Schramek T , Tu MT .
Stress hormones and human memory function across the lifespan .
Psychoneuroendocrinology .
2005 Apr;30(3):225-42 .
PubMed
20 . Madrigal JL , Garci'a - Bueno B , Caso JR , Pe'rez - Nievas BG , Leza JC .
Stress - induced oxidative changes in brain .
CNS Neurol Disord .
2006 Oct;5(5) :561-8 .
21 . Kurlak , L.O. , Stephenson , T.J
Plausible explanations for effects of long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids ( LCPUFA ) on neonates .
Arch Dis Child Fetal Neonatal Ed. 1999 March ; 80 ( 2 ) .
22 . Kalmijn S , van Boxtel MP , Ocke ' M , Verschuren WM , Kromhout D , Launer LJ .
Dietary intake of fatty acids and fish in relation to cognitive performance at middle age .
Neurology .
2004 Jan 27;62(2):275-80 .
PubMed
23 . Galli RL , Bielinski DF , Szprengiel A , Shukitt - Hale B , Joseph JA .
Blueberry supplemented diet reverses age - related decline in hippocampal HSP70 neuroprotection .
Neurobiol Aging .
2006 Feb;27(2):344-50 .
PubMed
24 . Bastianetto S , Zheng WH , Quirion R. Neuroprotective abilities of resveratrol and other red wine constituents against nitric oxide - related toxicity in cultured hippocampal neurons .
Br J Pharmacol .
2000 Oct;131(4):711-20 .
25 . Assunc , ao M , Santos - Marques MJ , de Freitas V , Carvalho F , Andrade JP , Lukoyanov NV , Paula - Barbosa MM
Red wine antioxidants protect hippocampal neurons against ethanol - induced damage .
Neuroscience .
2007 Jun 8;146(4) :1581 -92 .
26 . Schmidt SR .
Effects of humor on sentence memory .
J Exp Psychol Learn Mem Cogn .
1994 Jul;20(4):953-67 .
27 . Rampersaud GC , Pereira MA , Girard BL , Adams J , Metzl JD .
Breakfast habits , nutritional status , body weight , and academic performance in children and adolescents .
J Am Diet Assoc. 2005 May ;105(5) :743-60 ; PubMed
28 . Takechi H. Hypertension as a risk factor of dementia and cognitive decline in the elderly .
Nippon Ronen Igakkai Zasshi .
2007 Jul ;44(4):433-6 .
29 . Okereke OI , Kang JH , Cook NR , Gaziano JM , Manson JE , Buring JE , Grodstein F. Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Cognitive Decline .
J Am Geriatr Soc. 2008 Apr 1 PubMed
30 . Anstey KJ , Lipnicki DM , Low LF .
Cholesterol as a risk factor for dementia and cognitive decline .
Am J Geriatr Psychiatry .
2008 May;16(5):343-54 .
PubMed
31 . Ravaglia G , Forti P , Maioli F , Martelli M , Servadei L , Brunetti N , Porcellini E , Licastro F. Homocysteine and folate as risk factors for dementia and Alzheimer disease .
Am J Clin Nutr . 2005 Sep ;82(3):636-43 .
32 . Tierney A , Kraus N. Music training for the development of reading skills .
Prog Brain Res. 2013;207:209-41 .
33 . Ludke KM , Ferreira F , Overy K. Singing can facilitate foreign language learning .
Mem Cognit .
2014 Jan;42(1):41 - 52 .
PubMed
34 . Parbery - Clark A , Strait DL , Anderson S , Hittner E , Kraus N. Musical experience and the aging auditory system : implications for cognitive abilities and hearing speech in noise .
PLoS One . 2011 May 11;6(5) :e18082 .
35 . Banai K , Ahissar M. Musical experience , auditory perception and reading - related skills in children .
PLoS One . 2013 Sep 24;8(9 ) :e75876 .
PubMed
36 . Pastötter B , Schicker S , Niedernhuber J , Bäuml KH .
Retrieval during learning facilitates subsequent memory encoding .
J Exp Psychol Learn Mem Cogn . 2011 Mar;37(2):287-97 .
PubMed
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) --
In one of the deadliest attacks in Baghdad in months , at least 51 Iraqis were killed and 75 were wounded Tuesday in a car bombing , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said .
The bomb ripped through a garage and a bus stop , hitting an outdoor market and apartments , the official said .
The blast in Hurriya , a predominantly Shiite neighborhood in northwestern Baghdad , was one of the deadliest to hit the Iraqi capital in months .
Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki blamed it on " the defeated remnants of terrorism " and called it an attempt to revive the sectarian warfare that wracked the country for more than a year .
In a statement issued by his office , al - Maliki said " terrorists " and Islamic militants " returned to their old failing bet in trying to incite the sectarian strife " after defeats in Baghdad and other cities .
" This crime will not affect our determination and our commitment to fully defeat the terrorists and preserve the security triumphs achieved by the armed and security forces , " the prime minister said .
" This will add to our determination to rid the capital and the provinces from the remnants of the terrorists , murderers and criminals . "
And U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon offered his " heartfelt condolences , " his office said .
" The secretary - general condemns , in the strongest of terms , the terrorist bombing in northern Baghdad today which has reportedly killed over 50 people and left scores more injured , " a U.N. statement said .
The blast came as officials tried to tamp down violence in Shiite areas , where U.S. and Iraqi forces have battled militias .
Earlier Tuesday , four civilians were killed in a suicide attack in northern Baghdad targeting a predominantly Sunni group opposed to al Qaeda in Iraq , an Interior Ministry official said .
The suicide attack is the latest in a flurry of strikes targeting the groups of predominantly U.S. - allied Sunni fighters known as the Awakening Councils or Sons of Iraq .
Al Qaeda in Iraq is believed to be responsible for many of these assaults .
The suicide bomber was driving a motorcycle that struck a checkpoint in the predominantly Sunni Suliekh neighborhood .
The four victims were Awakening members manning the checkpoint .
Two others were wounded .
In other violence Tuesday , gunmen killed an employee of the Council of Ministers and wounded his father in western Baghdad , the Interior Ministry said .
The man was driving and his father was in the passenger seat when gunmen in another vehicle shot them .
Also Tuesday , a bomb killed a municipal police chief in a volatile Shiite region south of Baghdad , police said .
Col .
Saleh Mehdi Kuneihar , the chief of Aziziya , and another police officer were killed and two others were wounded when a roadside bomb struck their car on a road between Wasit and Diyala provinces .
Iraq 's government battled Shiite militants in the southern city of Basra and Baghdad 's Sadr City this spring .
The government is in the first stages of an operation in the southern province of Maysan , where Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki announced a Wednesday deadline for " outlaws " to turn in in their weapons .
The move is al - Maliki 's latest effort to stamp out militants and establish central governmental authority in the oil - rich southern region .
Iraqi security forces also are fighting al Qaeda in Iraq militants in the northern city of Mosul .
Much of the fighting in Baghdad and Basra has been between Iraq security forces and members of Shiite cleric Muqtada al - Sadr 's Mehdi Army militia .
Maysan province and its capital of Amara are believed to house Mehdi Army members who fled Basra and Baghdad after the earlier push .
Other developments
Gunmen killed an Iraqi journalist Tuesday in Mosul , police said .
Muhieddin Abdul Hamid , an anchor for state TV's Nineveh channel , was slain by gunmen in a drive - by shooting outside his house .
An American - led coalition raid aimed at an al Qaeda in Iraq bombing network killed four " suspected terrorists " Tuesday in Mosul , the U.S. military said .
Coalition troops approached a building and ordered people there to surrender ; four militants were killed when they refused , according to the military .
At least 18 people were wounded Tuesday when a parked car bomb detonated near a police checkpoint in Baquba in Diyala province .
A U.N. refugee agency survey issued Tuesday said the Iraqi and Afghan conflicts have spurred an increase in refugees and the number of Iraqis internally displaced has grown .
" After a five - year decline in the number of refugees between 2001 and 2005 , we have now seen two years of increases , and that 's a concern , " said U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres .
The number of refugees under the responsibility of the UNHCR rose to 11.4 million by the end of 2007 , up from 9.9 million at the end of 2006 , according to the annual report issued Tuesday .
" Much of the increase in refugees in 2007 was a result of the volatile situation in Iraq , " the agency said .
CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .
All About United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees • Iraq War • Al Qaeda in Iraq
" Each of us has been committed to prudent economic policy and effective financial regulation for many years , " they said in a joint statement along with former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker , also an Obama supporter .
" We believe Senator Obama can provide the positive leadership and judgment needed to take us to a stronger and more secure economic future . "
In the statement they praised Obama 's " reasoned approach " in analyzing " the current financial crisis and the need for balanced regulatory reform . "
" We believe that such a constructive approach can be extended broadly in the economic area as well as elsewhere , " they said .
Obama has distinguished his economic policies from Clinton , a New York senator , and Republican candidate John McCain , an Arizona senator , in recent weeks by opposing a reprieve on a gasoline tax over the upcoming summer months .
On Tuesday , he compared conditions during the Great Depression to the current U.S. housing crisis , blaming both in part on poor financial regulation .
He has promised better regulation of mortgage lenders and other financial institutions .
The highest priority talking point the RNC has given the shills it uses on CNN , Fox , MSNBC , and even on the broadcast networks that once had journalistic standards , is that Barack Obama is the " most liberal " member of the Senate .
They even managed to put together a few pre-selected votes that , when compared to other senators , make him look more liberal -- amore liberal .
However , a comprehensive look at Obama 's voting record shows , unfortunately , the opposite .
One of the reasons we were late in endorsing Obama here atis because Hillary , like him a moderate , has aliberal , more progressive voting record .
But no matter which way you slice and dice Obama 's entire record , he comes up towards the bottom of the Democratic pack when it comes to being a liberal .
That does n't stop Republican shills from brainwashing the American public with their Big Lie and it does n't ever cause fact checkers at CNN or MSNBC ( Fox has no fact checkers , for obvious reasons ) or at the networks to actually take a look .
But let 's do that .
Here is the comparative ranking of all 100 senators -- across the board on all votes , not pre-selected votes -- for the ' 07 - '08 session .
As you can see , Obama comes in at # 40 , just ahead of conservative Max Baucus ( D - MT ) and moderate Jon Tester ( D - MT ) and not quite as good as moderates Tom Carper ( D - DE ) and Byron Dorgan ( D - ND ) .
Compared to a die - hard neo - fascist like Jim Inhofe ( R - OK ) , Jim DeMint ( R - SC ) or John Cornyn ( R - TX ) , Obama seems progressive but his voting record paints a clearly and unmistakably mainstream , moderate picture .
By way of comparison , Hillary 's rank is # 29 OK , you may say , did he turn right in the last session because he wanted to trick Americans into thinking he is n't a flaming liberal ?
Take a look at his lifetime Senate voting record .
It 's a bit better , but still very far from " the most liberal . "
He ranks at # 24 ( Hillary is # 18 ) .
Most telling of all , however , since it cuts out party - line procedural votes , is the Chips Are Down score , which ranks senators based on substantive votes based on partisan divisions .
This is the one that separates the liberals from the right - wing loons .
I wish Obama were more liberal but this shows him to be a dead center moderate : # 43 , than Max Baucus , although at least somewhat better than McCain ally Joe Lieberman .
Liberman 's voting record -- which includes supporting every single Bush - Cheney policy item regarding endless war in Iraq -- is 7 points more conservative than Obama .
Democratic liberals like Dick Durbin ( D - IL ; who else represents that state ? ) , Frank Lautenberg ( D - NJ ) , Robert Menendez ( D - NJ ) , Sheldon Whitehouse ( D - RI ) and Sherrod Brown ( D - OH ) have more than 20 points of separation between their scores and Obama's , a chasm that even CNN's , CBS ' , NBC's , ABC's and MSNBC 's research department 's ought to be able to find ... if they bothered to look , instead of allowing the public airwaves to be used in a systematic campaign to deceive the American public .
So while handsomely paid Republican shills on all the networks , not just Fox , are allowed to go unchallenged as they make it conventional wisdom that Obama is the most liberal senator in America -- an honor that would be rightfully claimed at various times by Durbin , Lautenberg or Whitehouse -- a report by Reuters about 3 former chairmen of the Securities and Exchange Commission endorsing Obama this week , went virtually unmentioned by TV news .
The Reuters story made the point in the first paragraph that the endorsements bolstered his " economic credentials and bipartisan appeal as he closes in on his party 's nomination .
Former SEC head William Donaldson , who was appointed by Republican President George W. Bush , joined Arthur Levitt and David Ruder in backing Obama . "
Although an argument could be made that Levitt , who was appointed by Clinton , is a liberal , David Ruder was Ronald Reagan 's SEC head .
Between them , the 3 represent a solidly bipartisan , mainstream perspective on the economy and " all three commended Obama for his approach to regulation .
"
It 's a lot easier for the networks to just allow the GOP shills to spin away and convince voters that Obama is some kind of wild - eyed liberal than to insist of examining facts .
I guess it 's more palatable for them than going along with the lies about him being a Muslim or a backer of Louis Farrakhan or whatever the lie du jour Rove has cooked up for them .
Less icky and irrational ... but no less effective .
This morning I watched Obama on CNN respond to Bush 's partisan attack on him .
His response in South Dakota was strong and factual but a statement from a real uniter , not a real divider .
Take a look :
Labels : Barack Obama , federal regulatory agencies , media , SEC
6 Optimization Tips for Ruby MRI
Every language has its idiosyncrasies and Ruby is no different , hence , below is a collection of handy optimizations to keep in mind next time you ’re working on a Ruby project .
Majority of them appear to fall into the syntactic sugar category , but it ’s important to understand the motivation behind each , as there is usually a concrete reason for the performance difference .
I should also say , that this is primarily for Ruby 1.8 and you should benchmark these yourself if you ’re already running on the dev branch of Ruby 1.9 .
Help the Ruby interpreter
This is no secret : Ruby interpreter is slow .
Advances on the JRuby and Maglev front are certainly showing some very appealing performance increases , but even there , a deeper understanding of the Ruby internals is bound to help you write better and faster code .
The Ruby Wikipedia entry is a great place to start to learn about some of intricacies of Ruby .
For a deeper look , Dr. Stefan Kaes ’s ‘ Writing Efficient Ruby Code ’ , and David A. Blacks ’ ‘ Ruby for Rails ’ are must have for any Ruby developer .
1. Minimize searches in the abstract syntax tree
Ruby has a wonderful property of being highly dynamic , which in turn , allows us to create all kinds of spectacular meta- programming scenarios .
However , this comes at a price of minimal runtime and compile time optimization ( JRuby and some other VM ’s are changing this ) .
Unlike most other languages , Ruby ’s MRI does not generate bytecode ( Ruby 1.9 will change this ) , but relies solely on searching through the Abstract Syntax Tree ( AST ) for virtually every method call , variable , and so on .
Sounds expensive ?
It is .
Hence , next time you ’re saving yourself three lines of code by writing a meta function , consider inlining the logic directly .
2. Optimize for Ruby cache , avoid expensive lookups
To optimize against expensive searches through the AST , Ruby keeps a cache of local variables and method signatures .
Hence , comparatively speaking , local variables are cheap , use them : @var = " local variable , which is cached by Ruby , and requires a single lookup " , whereas self.var = " requires walking the AST , and results in multiple lookups "
3. Interpolation over Concatenation
This came as a surprise to me the first time I stumbled across it : interpolated strings are faster than straight concatenation !
Chris Blackburn recently wrote a great blog post about it , make sure to read it .
puts
" This string embeds # { var1 } and # { var2 } through interpolation " # faster puts " This string concatenates " << var1 << " and " << var 2 # slower
4 . When possible , use destructive operations !
Many ruby operations have a destructive ( ex : gsub vs gsub ! ) equivalent , and which , unfortunately are not used very often largely due to the somewhat erratic behavior : sometimes these operations return nil , sometimes they do n’t .
However , non destructive operations ( ex : gsub ) duplicate your object and hence incur an expensive copy operation every time .
Learn the non-nil , destructive operations and use them religiously .
hash = {} hash = hash .
merge ( { 1 => 2 } ) # duplicates the original hash hash .
merge ! ( { 1 => 2 } ) # equivalent to previous line , and faster str = " string to gsub " str = str .
gsub ( / to/ , ' copy ' ) # duplicate string and reassigns it str .
gsub ! ( /to/ , ' copy ' ) # same effect , but no object duplication
5. Symbol.to_proc fan ?
Use blocks !
If you ’re a Rails developer , you ’ve probably used Symbol.to_proc .
Well , you ’re likely incurring an order of magnitude speed decrease when you do !
Next time , use a block :
@widget_ids = @widgets . map ( & :id ) # Symbol.to_proc method , order of magniture slower ... @widget_ids = @widgets . inject ( [ ] ) { | w , a | w . push ( a . id ) } # same effect , not as pretty , but much faster @widget_ids = @widgets .
collect { | w | w . id } # faster , and simpler than inject @widget_ids = @widgets .
map { | w | w . id } # yet another ( faster ) way to tackle the problem
6. Benchmark everything !
Create a macro , stash it away in an easy to access area , or post the code for the benchmark skeleton on your wall .
Anytime I have a question about Ruby performance , the answer is always less than 30 seconds away :
require ' benchmark ' n = 100000 Benchmark .
bm do | x | x . report ( ' copy ' ) { n . times do ; h = {} ; h = h . merge ( { 1 => 2 } ) ; end } x . report ( ' no copy ' ) { n . times do ; h = {} ; h . merge ! ( { 1 => 2 } ) ; end } end # user system total real # copy 0.460000 0.180000 0.640000 ( 0.640692 ) # no copy 0.340000 0.120000 0.460000 ( 0.463339 )
Your favorite optimization tip missing from the list ?
Leave a comment , let everyone know !
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Planned layoffs at U.S. companies jumped 26 percent in July from June , depicting further deterioration in the labor market , a report showed on Monday .
Job seekers waits in line outside a Monster.com job fair in Los Angeles , California July 23 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Fred Prouser
Planned layoffs at U.S. companies totaled 103,312 in July , compared with June ’s 81,755 , employment consulting firm Challenger , Gray & Christmas Inc said .
Announced job cuts at U.S. companies last month were the second highest total so far in 2008 , more than double the 42,897 a year earlier , the report said .
The transportation industry hurt by sky - high fuel costs accounted for the most planned cuts in July with 17,051 .
The financial sector battered by the credit crisis followed with 15,517 cuts .
Retailers facing a pullback in consumer spending came next with 12,160 layoffs .
Airlines have been responsible for the bulk of the planned layoffs in transportation sector , which has been squeezed by expensive fuel , according to John Challenger , chief executive officer of Challenger , Gray & Christmas .
“ At the same time , many cash - strapped Americans are increasingly frustrated by higher ticket prices , baggage fees , airport delays and canceled flights that they are simply forgoing vacations that require air travel and staying closer to home , ” Challenger said in a statement .
From January to July , planned layoffs totaled 579,260 , up 33 percent from the same period a year ago .
Financial companies , in particular mortgage lenders , have been slashing their payrolls , prompted by billions of losses and write - downs tied to soured investments on housing and mortgages .
So far this year , planned layoffs in the mortgage and subprime sector has reached 92,547 , already surpassing the 2007 tally of 86,126 .
With no end in sight , job hemorrhage in the financial sector could surpass the last year ’s record total of 153,105 by the end of October , Challenger predicted .
If the economy continues to grow below - trend for several quarters or even years , “ it will seem like we are in a recession , particularly for job seekers , ” he said .
Pripyat was built as a town for workers at the Chernobyl power station , where the world 's worst nuclear accident occurred 20 years ago .
The town was abandoned 36 hours after the explosion .
As cases come under control in Victoria and Australia , many other parts of the world are experiencing the heights of their second waves .
As cases come under control in Victoria and Australia , many other parts of the world are experiencing the heights of their second waves .
Queensland records another day of zero coronavirus cases as the state moves to make " one of the biggest stockpiles in the world " of personal protective ...
Queensland records another day of zero coronavirus cases as the state moves to make " one of the biggest stockpiles in the world " of personal protective ...
What are the restrictions within Victoria and the border closures with NSW and Queensland ?
How far can I travel , and how many people can I have over at my ...
Senator Barack Obama claimed the Democratic presidential nomination on Tuesday evening , prevailing through an epic battle with Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton in a primary campaign that inspired millions of voters from every corner of America to demand change in Washington .
A last - minute rush of Democratic superdelegates , as well as the results from the final primaries , in Montana and South Dakota , pushed Mr. Obama over the threshold of winning the 2,118 delegates needed to be nominated at the party ’s convention in August .
The victory for Mr. Obama , the son of a black Kenyan father and a white Kansan mother , broke racial barriers and represented a remarkable rise for a man who just four years ago served in the Illinois Senate .
“ Tonight , we mark the end of one historic journey with the beginning of another  a journey that will bring a new and better day to America , ” Mr. Obama told supporters at a rally in St. Paul .
“ Because of you , tonight I can stand here and say that I will be the Democratic nominee for president of the United States of America . ”
In a speech to supporters in New York City , Mrs. Clinton paid tribute to Mr. Obama , but she did not leave the race .
In a speech more defiant than conciliatory , she again presented her case that she was the stronger candidate and argued that she had won the popular vote , a notion disputed by the Obama campaign .
Time to see who 's making a good fist of it in the brave new order ...
Jack Macartney will be back with tech2 in the 2020 - 2021 Season
Flying Fifteen WA State Championships
Flying Fifteen WA State Championships
Three days of racing at Fremantle Sailing Club
The three day 2020 Flying Fifteen WA State Championship regatta got under way in Fremantle in Western Australia with 30 competitors all rigged , briefed and ready to go for a first race starting at 1100hrs .
by Jonny Fullerton
Bella Mente Racing third at NYYC Race Week
Bella Mente Racing third at NYYC Race Week " It has been a great ten days of sailing , that 's for sure ! " said New Zealander Mike Sanderson
The Queen 's Cup , staged by the New York Yacht Club ( NYYC ) since 1953 and offering as its prize one of the Club 's oldest and most prestigious trophies , was for many years held during the Club 's Annual Cruise . by Barby MacGowan
Forward WIP Europeans day 1
Forward WIP Europeans day 1 Young Swedes show Nacra fleet the way round Attersee Emil Järudd and Cecilia Jonsson ( SWE ) showed the world - class Nacra 17 fleet the way round a very tricky Lake Attersee race course on day one of the 2020 Forward WIP European Championship in Austria . by 49er & Nacra 17 Sailing Media
Let the GKA Distance Battle commence
Let the GKA Distance Battle commence
The war of the summer is about to begin The GKA Distance Battle starts today .
The war of the summer is about to begin , your favourite athletes from around the world are battle ready and eager for the event to start .
by Kate Chandler
Key safety considerations for short - handed crews
Key safety considerations for short - handed crews Ocean Safety and Dee Caffari provide advice to customers and sailors Ocean Safety is providing advice to customers and sailors for shorthanded sailing in this monumental year which has seen a complete restructuring of the way that boat owners and crews can get out on the water together .
by Ocean Safety
The Evolution of Sailboat Coaching
The Evolution of Sailboat Coaching
The landscape of both professional sailing and coaching has changed significantly
Over the past six months , the landscape of both professional sailing and coaching has changed significantly .
Most people have n't been able to get out racing as much , but what has n't changed is peoples thirst for knowledge .
by Andrew ' Dog ' Palfrey
RS Sailing new partnership with Negrinautica
RS Sailing new partnership with Negrinautica Bringing new ambition to the extensive European Dealer network Negrinautica will bring new ambition to the extensive European Dealer network from their base in Italy and they will boost the distribution of the RS Sailing range in the South Eastern European region .
by Lynn Billowes
KDY Sharks Danish Sailing League champions
KDY Sharks Danish Sailing League champions Shortened - season finale was sailed off with 18 sailing clubs
This past weekend , the Danish J/70 Sailing League shortened - season finale was sailed off Skovshoved with eighteen sailing clubs participating from across Denmark .
The fleet was thrilled to have simply amazing weather all weekend long with great sailing by J / Boats
E3 Andromeda : the smallest of Ewol propellers
E3 Andromeda : the smallest of Ewol propellers Suitable for boats from 6 to 10 meters and engines from 7 to 30 hp Lighter , but always very performing with the engine both forward and reverse , and increases the sailing speed in the utmost silence .
by Ewol
Gimson and Burnet eye Nacra 17 Euro title
Gimson and Burnet eye Nacra 17 Euro title World Champions looking to add a European title to their names Nacra 17 world champions John Gimson and Anna Burnet will look to add a European title to their names as they head into battle in Attersee , Austria . by British Sailing Team
The low - down on the Normandy Channel Race
The low - down on the Normandy Channel Race Reactions at the finish all express the same level of commitment " It was a fantastic race and a wonderful adventure , albeit very trying .
It had been a very long time since I experienced such total commitment , with no respite whatsoever . "
Ian Lipinski. by Sirius Evenements
Pineapple Cup - Montego Bay Race postponed to 2022
Pineapple Cup - Montego Bay Race postponed to 2022
The health and well - being of the teams , staff , volunteers and partners are the highest priority
It is with great regret that the Montego Bay Yacht Club and Manuka Sports Event Management announce the unavoidable postponement of the 2021 Pineapple Cup - Montego Bay Race . by Julianna Barbieri
Les Voiles de Saint - Tropez day 1
Les Voiles de Saint - Tropez day 1 A fast and famous start !
Over to the sport !
And what a way to go !
The bay of Saint Tropez was decked out in all her finery today in a strong breeze , azure skies , glorious sunshine and navy - blue seas .
by Maguelonne Turcat
Sailing provides a glimmer of light
Sailing provides a glimmer of light September has been a busy month for the sport September has been a busy month for sailing in the UK .
A few of the major venues , such as the Weymouth & Portland National Sailing Academy ( WPNSA ) and Datchet Water Sailing Club , managed to host major events in a Covid - secure fashion .
by Mark Jardine
56th Congressional Cup dates set
56th Congressional Cup dates set Grade One Match Racing competition to be held in May 2021 Founded and hosted by Long Beach Yacht Club since 1965 , the Grade One competition is known as the ' grandfather of match racing ' and pioneer of on - the - water umpiring that is the standard in yacht racing today .
by Betsy Crowfoot
Forward WIP Europeans starts tomorrow
Forward WIP Europeans starts tomorrow 49er , 49erFX and Nacra 17 fleets set at Lake Attersee , Austria Some of the world 's best high - performance sailors are ready and raring to go for day one of the 2020 Forward WIP European Championship at Lake Attersee , Austria . by 49er & Nacra 17 Sailing Media
WASZP GPS Challenge - Current leaderboard
WASZP GPS Challenge - Current leaderboard
A number of entries over the weekend from many countries
We have had a number of entries over the weekend from many countries and it is getting tight at the top .
We have two weeks left of the event window and plenty of chances to grab the win ! by WASZP class
KSSS repeats as Swedish Sailing League Champion
KSSS repeats as Swedish Sailing League Champion
The team 's fifth gold in six years !
With consistent sailing of an experienced crew , the KSSS Team ( Royal Swedish YC ) managed to take home the Allsvenskan gold racing in their fleet of matched J/70 one - design sailboats .
by J / Boats
Doyle Sails News - Shockwave .. Doyle Moth and more
Doyle Sails News - Shockwave .. Doyle Moth and more September 2020 - Shockwave - new Doyle Moth sail - J70 UK Nationals - Staysails Doyle Sails News - September 2020 - Featuring the Shockwave multihull ..
Doyles
Moth sail - 3 kg lighter with a structured luff .. a look aboard Steinlager 2 .. all you ever need to know about stay sails ...
Doyle at the Digital Boatshow . by Doyle Sails
Meet the Vendée Globe skippers : Manuel Cousin
Meet the Vendée Globe skippers : Manuel Cousin
A business executive who is chasing his dream
He is a business executive who is chasing his dream , after 20 years in the motor industry he moved to Les Sables d'Olonne to further his IMOCA project as he transitioned to full time sailor .
by Vendee Globe
Les Voiles de Saint - Tropez : Sunday in the sunshine
Les Voiles de Saint - Tropez : Sunday in the sunshine Il Moro di Venezia wins Yacht Club de France Autumn Cup Enjoying a fine breeze and bright sunshine , the splendid arrival in race format of the classic yachts competing in the Yacht Club de France 's Autumn Cup kicks off play for Les Voiles de Saint - Tropez 2020 .
by Maguelonne Turcat
Meet the Clipper Race Crew : Ian Wang
Meet the Clipper Race Crew : Ian Wang Ian and his 20 teammates raced the ten other identical yachts for 24 hours per day “ This is probably the most extreme thing I will ever do in my entire life ! ”
Says Ian Wang a 43 - year - old , Software architect , from Cardiff , who traded computers for sailing spending four months racing 15,000 miles from London , UK , to Fremantle , Australia . by Clipper Round the World Race
18ft Skiffs : Jack Macartney - tech2
18ft Skiffs : Jack Macartney - tech2 Jack Macartney will be back with tech2 in the Australian 18 Footers League 's 2020 - 2021 Season
The current Australian 18ft Skiff champion Jack Macartney will be back with tech2 in the Australian 18 Footers League 's 2020 - 2021 Season fleet to defend his title and to wipe out the memory of a disappointing JJ Giltinan Championship sailed earlier by Frank Quealey
J-Bird III Restoration Series : Part 6
J-Bird III Restoration Series : Part 6
Going topless !
In parts 1 - 5 we have explored the purchase , haul out and delivery from Sydney to Brisbane of the World 's First TP52 , a vessel we rescued from becoming scrap . by Ocean Crusaders
McConaghy launches Makara superyacht series
McConaghy launches Makara superyacht series Featuring subtle intricacies and perfectly proportioned style With the Makara sailing superyacht series , McConaghy establishes its position in the semi-custom luxury yacht sector , introducing a highly advanced and complex design which , in its resulting simplicity of use , sets it apart .
by McConaghy Boats
America 's Cup : 12 mths of AC75 sailing reviewed
America 's Cup : 12 mths of AC75 sailing reviewed
It has been 12 months since the AC75's started sailing - how has the class and event shaped up ?
It has been 12 months since the first AC75 's started sailing - Emirates Team New Zealand in Auckland , and American Magic in Rhode Island .
There 's just three months to the first / third America 's Cup World Cup Series . by Richard Gladwell , Sail - World.com/nz
Melges 32 World League event 3 overall
Melges 32 World League event 3 overall Caipirinha is confirmed at the top : Reintjes conquers the event at Scarlino
The third act of the Melges 32 World League , hosted by Marina di Scarlino thanks to the joint organization of Melges Europe and Club Nautico Scarlino , ends with another exciting day , characterized by strong winds and steep waves .
by Melges World League
Finding Vendée sponsors in spite of the crisis
Finding Vendée sponsors in spite of the crisis Romain Attanasio manages to secure a partnership during lockdown Given the current public health situation and the economic difficulties that have arisen , there was the fear that some sailors who had not completed their budget for the Vendée Globe might have found it hard to find sponsors .
by IMOCA Globe Series
Melges 32 World League event 3 day 2
Melges 32 World League event 3 day 2 Caipirinha takes the lead Today 's conditions turned out to be very challenging , forecasted by the weather models , with wind increasing to the point of leading the Race Committee to hoist the AP Flag and therefore set the end of the racing after the first race of today .
by Melges World League
Régates Royales day 4
Régates Royales day 4 Photographer Alexander Panzeri talks through how he viewed the racing
On paper , my program for the event has been concluded , with 1.5 days gone due to the weather , and as usual one day is dedicated to finding new alternative to shoot , in particular from the ground , as I often watch the regattas from a beach or a port wall … by Alexander Panzeri
Entry open foLes Voiles de St. Barth Richard Mille
Entry open foLes Voiles de St. Barth Richard Mille April 2021 will see the 12th edition
More than ever , the organizers are putting their faith in the future and promising to organize an event with the same excellence as past years , where conversation , competition , and conviviality are on the roster .
by Laura Muma
Kit you should carry when sailing at night
Kit you should carry when sailing at night Considering night vision and man-overboard safety
The nights may be drawing in , however , there 's no need to shorten your sailing days .
Sailing into dusk and through the night can be one of the most exhilarating and rewarding experiences .
by Liz Rushall
Persico 69 F Grand Prix 2.2 in Malcesine overall
Persico 69 F Grand Prix 2.2 in Malcesine overall Young Azzurra take the victory A race ( won ) was enough for Young Azzurra to seal the victory in the ITAS Assicurazioni Grand Prix 2.2 of Persico 69 F Cup .
Malcesine saw a bad wind on the final day - a very unusual condition for the location .
by Persico 69 F
Melges 32 World League event 3 day 1
Melges 32 World League event 3 day 1 German crew of ' Homanit ' rule in Scarlino South - Easterly breeze sets the pace for the first day of racing for the Melges 32 fleet in the Gulf of Follonica and the youngest crew in the fleet , Gordon Nickel and and Maximilian Stein 's Homanit , immediately takes control of the ranking .
by Melges World League
Régates Royales day 3
Régates Royales day 3 Torben Grael gives a starting masterclass
After the problematic weather of the first two days , today we already knew that it would be a great day , the nearly perfect weather to shoot : sunny , not too much wind , nearly no big waves .
by Alexander Panzeri
17th PalmaVela Regatta postponed
17th PalmaVela Regatta postponed RCNP 's president announces very hard decision The Regatta organisers , headed by Emerico Fuster , president of the RCNP , have announced the decision today after considering the different options for organization and participation .
by Alejandro Varela
Rolex Middle Sea Race edges closer
Rolex Middle Sea
Race edges closer 79 boats representing 21 countries are currently registered A diverse and attractive fleet given the circumstances , with some fascinating entries .
The Royal Malta Yacht Club ( RMYC ) continues to take nothing for granted .
by Rolex Middle Sea Race Media
Arkema 4 new Multi50 launched
Arkema 4 new Multi50 launched
An innovative , versatile and sharp - looking yacht for Quentin Vlamynck
The brand new Arkema 4 was launched in the water this morning outside the Lalou Multi Composite shipyard in Port Bloc in the Gironde region , after one year of painstaking work .
by Team Arkema
Nautor 's Swan Autumn Season starts in Genoa
Nautor 's Swan Autumn Season starts in Genoa
The yachts on display will be the Swan 48 and Swan 65 Two of the bestselling models in the Nautor 's Swan range are opening the Autumn Season by participating in the I Saloni Nautici in Genoa . by Nautor 's Swan
Vendee Globe : Sleep is an essential requirement
Lost in the System
What has happened to Bush ’s secret prisoners ?
By George Monbiot .
Published in the Guardian 17th June 2008
We should n’t be surprised to hear that George Bush dined with a group of historians on Sunday night ( 1 ) .
The president has spent much of his second term pleading with history .
But however hard he lobbies the gatekeepers of memory , he will surely be judged the worst president the United States has ever had .
Even if historians were somehow to forget the illegal war , the mangling of international law , the trashing of the environment and social welfare , the banking crisis , the transfer of wealth from poor to rich , one image is stamped indelibly on this presidency : the trussed automata in orange jumpsuits .
It portrays a superpower prepared to dehumanise its prisoners , to wrap , blind and deafen them , to reduce them to mannequins in a place as stark and industrial as a chicken - packing plant .
Worse , the government was proud of what it had done .
It was parading its impunity .
It wanted us to know that nothing would stand in its way : its power was both sovereign and unaccountable .
Three days before Bush arrived in Britain , the US Supreme Court ruled that the inmates at Guantanamo Bay were entitled to contest their detention in the civilian courts .
This is the third time the supreme court has ruled against the prison camp , but on this occasion Bush cannot change the law : the court has ruled that the prisoners ’ rights are constitutional .
Symbolically the decision could scarcely be more important .
Practically it could scarcely be less .
The Department of Defense can transfer its prisoners to an oubliette in another country , where the Constitution ’s writ does not run .
The public atrocity of Guantanamo Bay has provided a useful distraction from something even worse : the sprawling system of secret detention camps the US runs around the world .
We do n’t , of course , know much about this programme .
Bush first acknowledged it in September 2006 .
“ Of the thousands of terrorists captured across the world , only about 770 have ever been sent to Guantanamo . ” ( 2) Other suspects , he said , were being “ held secretly ” by the CIA .
“ Many specifics of this program , including where these detainees have been held and the details of their confinement , cannot be divulged . ”
He went on to claim that all the secret prisoners had now been transferred to Guantanamo Bay .
Several lines of evidence suggest that this claim was false .
The CIA appears to have overseen or controlled , and in some cases still to be running , black sites in Poland , Bulgaria , Romania , Ukraine , Macedonia , Kosovo , Morocco , Libya , Egypt , Djibouti , Somalia , Ethiopia , Iraq , Jordan , Afghanistan , Pakistan , Thailand and possibly Diego Garcia ( 3, 4,5,6 ) .
The US currently appears to be using ships as secret prisons ( 7 ) .
In just two years the CIA ran 283 flights – which the Council of Europe believes were used for transporting secret prisoners – out of Germany alone ( 8 ) .
It admits that it possesses 7000 documents about its ghost detention programme ( 9 ) .
Are we really to believe that all this was done for the 14 men transferred to Guantanamo Bay ?
In Iraq , the US now admits to holding 22,000 prisoners without charge in its own facilities ( 10 ) , some of whom are known to be kept away from the Red Cross and other visitors ( 11 ) .
Apart from those moved to Cuba , hardly anyone , so far , has come out of this system .
At the end of last year , salon.com interviewed Mohamed Bashmilah , who was arrested and tortured by Jordanian police , handed to the Americans , then flown to an unknown country in autumn 2003 , and held secretly by the CIA until he was transferred to Yemeni custody in May 2005 ( 12 ) .
He reports that he was kept in a cell about the size of a transit van throughout the 19 months of his confinement , without any human contact except during interrogation .
The lights and a source of white noise were left on permanently .
Driven mad by isolation and sensory deprivation , he tried to kill himself several times .
Eventually , when it became obvious even to the CIA that he had nothing to do with terrorism , he was handed over to the Yemeni government , who held him for another year until he was released without charge .
Lawyers for some of the men transferred to Guantanamo Bay claim that , while in secret detention , their clients were left hanging from the ceiling by their wrists , beaten with electric cables , yanked around on a dog ’s leash , chained naked in a freezing cell and doused with cold water .
“ The CIA worked people day and night for months , ” one prisoner reports .
“ Plenty lost their minds .
I could hear people knocking their heads against the walls and doors , screaming their heads off . ” ( 13 )
Could it be worse than this ?
Yes .
In 2003 , a US official admitted to the Sunday Telegraph that the CIA was detaining and interrogating children .
Discussing two boys aged seven and nine held in secret detention by the CIA , the official explained , “ we are handling them with kid gloves .
After all , they are only little children , but we need to know as much about their father ’s recent activities as possible .
We have child psychologists on hand at all times and they are given the best of care . ” ( 14 ) According to another prisoner , the boys had already been tortured by Pakistani guards ( 15 ) .
A former CIA official told the New Yorker that “ every single plan [ in the secret detention programme ] is drawn up by interrogators , and then submitted for approval to the highest possible level – meaning the director of the CIA .
Any change in the plan – even if an extra day of a certain treatment was added – was signed off by the CIA director . ” ( 16 )
Never mind detention without trial ; this is detention without acknowledgement .
When men and women disappear into this system , neither they nor their families know where they are .
The Red Cross cannot reach them ; they are beyond the scope of the law .
They have been disappeared in the Latin American sense of that word .
Do I need to explain that this treatment breaks just about every article in the Geneva Conventions ?
Do I need to tell you that – without charges , trials , lawyers , scrutiny or even recognition – it is just as likely to net the innocent as the guilty ?
In 2006 , George Bush maintained that “ these are n’t common criminals , or bystanders accidentally swept up on the battlefield – we have in place a rigorous process to ensure those held at Guantanamo Bay belong at Guantanamo . ” ( 17 ) But a new and detailed investigation by the McClatchy newspaper group has found that many of them were indeed either common criminals or bystanders , or men sold to the authorities in order to settle a feud ( 18 ) .
Who knows how many innocent people are going out of their minds in the CIA ’s secret prisons today ?
Along with its innocent victims , the US government has locked itself into this system .
As the Justice Department has argued , these prisoners cannot be released in case they describe the “ alternative interrogation methods ” ( the euphemism it uses for torture ) the CIA used on them , which could “ reasonably be expected to cause extremely grave damage . ” ( 19 ) Like almost everything Bush has done , this programme promises to backfire .
George Bush will be remembered not only for the lives he has broken , but also for smashing everything he claimed to defend .
www.monbiot.com
References :
1. Sam Coates and Tom Baldwin , 16th June 2008 .
Leading historians offer President Bush food for thought on writing legacy .
The Times .
2. The White House , 6th September 2006 .
President Discusses Creation of Military Commissions to Try Suspected Terrorists .
http://www.whitehouse.gov/news/releases/2006/09/20060906-3.html
3. Dick Marty , 22nd January 2006 .
Alleged secret detentions in Council of Europe member states .
Committee on Legal Affairs and Human Rights , Council of Europe .
http://assembly.coe.int/Main.asp?link=/CommitteeDocs/2006/20060124_Jdoc032006_E.htm
4. Amnesty International , 1st January 2006 .
“ Rendition ” and secret detention :
A global system of human rights violations .
http://www.amnesty.org/en/library/asset/POL30/003/2006/en/dom-POL300032006en.html
5. Reprieve and Cageprisoners , 22 March 2007 .
Mass Rendition , Incommunicado Detention and Possible Torture of Foreign Nationals in Kenya , Somalia and Ethiopia .
http://www.reprieve.org.uk/documents/070321HOArenditionreportfinal.pdf
6. Dana Priest , 2nd November 2005 .
CIA Holds Terror Suspects in Secret Prisons .
Washington Post .
7. Duncan Campbell and Richard Norton - Taylor , 2nd June 2008 .
US accused of holding terror suspects on prison ships .
The Guardian .
8. Dick Marty , ibid .
9 . The Center for Constitutional Rights , 23rd April 2008 .
CIA Acknowledges
It Has More than 7,000 Documents Relating to Secret Detention Program , Rendition , and Torture http://ccrjustice.org/newsroom/press-releases/cia-foia-documents
10 . Jim Michaels , 28th May 2008 .
Military retools detainee releases .
USA Today .
http://www.usatoday.com/news/military/2008-05-19-detainees-military_N.htm
11 . Amnesty International , 6th March 2006 .
Iraq : Beyond Abu Ghraib : Detention and torture in Iraq .
http://www.amnesty.org/en/library/info/MDE14/001/2006
12 . Mark Benjamin , 14th December 2007 .
Inside the CIA ’s notorious “ black sites ” .
http://www.salon.com/news/feature/2007/12/14/bashmilah/
13 . Jane Mayer , 13th August 2007 .
The Black Sites .
http://www.newyorker.com/reporting/2007/08/13/070813fa_fact_mayer
14 . Olga Craig , 10th March 2003 .
We have your sons : CIA .
Sunday Telegraph .
15 . Amnesty International et al , 7th June 2007 .
Off the Record : US Responsibility for Enforced Disappearances in the “ War on Terror ” .
http://www.amnesty.org/en/library/asset/AMR51/093/2007/en/dom-AMR510932007en.html
16 . Jane Mayer , ibid .
17 . The White House , ibid .
18 . Tom Lasseter , 15th June 2008 .
America ’s prison for terrorists often held the wrong men .
http://www.mcclatchydc.com/detainees/story/38773.html
19 . Jane Mayer , ibid .
7-15-08
[ Dilip Hiro is the author of numerous books on the Middle East .
His most recent book , Blood of the Earth : The Battle for the World 's Vanishing Oil Resources ( Nation Books ) is a vivid history of how oil has revolutionized civilian life , war , and world politics over the last century , as well as of alternatives to oil , including renewable energy sources . ]
When will it end , this crushing rise in the price of gasoline , now averaging $ 4.10 a gallon at the pump ?
The question is uppermost in the minds of American motorists as they plan vacations or simply review their daily journeys .
The short answer is simple as well : " Not soon . "
As yet there is no sign of a reversal in oil 's upward price thrust , which has more than doubled in a year , cresting recently above $ 146 a barrel .
The current oil shock , the fourth of its kind in the past three - and - a - half decades , and the deadliest so far , shows every sign of continuing for a long , long stretch .
The previous oil shocks -- in 1973 - 74 , 1980 , and 1990 - 91 -- stemmed from specific interruptions of energy supplies from the Middle East due , respectively , to an Arab - Israeli war , the Iranian revolution , and Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait .
Once peace was restored , a post - revolutionary order established , or the invader expelled , vital Middle Eastern energy supplies returned to normal .
The fourth oil shock , however , belongs in a different category altogether .
Nothing Like It Before
Unlike in the past , the present price spurt has been caused mainly by global demand for energy outstripping available supply .
Alarmingly , there is no short - term prospect that supply will match demand .
For a commodity like petroleum that underwrites and permeates every aspect of modern life -- from fuel to fertilizers , paints to plastics , resins to rubber - -" balance " requires a 5 % safety factor on the supply side .
At present , however , spare capacity in the oil industry is less than 2 % , down from more than 6 % in 2002 .
As a result , the price of oil responds instantly to negative news of any sort : a threat against Iran by an Israeli cabinet minister , a fire on a Norwegian offshore drilling rig , or an attack on an oil facility by armed rebels in Nigeria .
Behind the present price surge , other factors are also at work .
Take the sub - prime mortgage crisis in the U.S.
It flared almost a year ago , drastically lowering the market value of the stocks of banks and allied companies .
The concomitant downturn in other equities led investment fund managers and speculators to direct their cash into more productive markets , especially commodities such as gold and oil , driving up their prices .
The continued weakening of the U.S. dollar -- the denomination used in oil trading -- has also encouraged investment in commodities as a hedge against this depreciating currency .
The earlier oil shocks led non-OPEC ( Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ) nations to accelerate oil exploration and extraction to increase supplies .
Their collective reserves , however , represent but a third of OPEC 's 75 % of the global total .
By the turn of the century , these countries had pumped so much crude oil that their collective output went into an irreversible decline .
A mere glance at the oil production table of the authoritative BP Statistical Review of World Energy -- published annually -- shows declines in such non-OPEC countries as Britain , Brunei , Denmark , Mexico , Norway , Oman , Trinidad , and Yemen .
Over the past decade , oil output in the U.S. has declined from 8.27 million barrels per day ( bpd ) to 6.88 million bpd .
The exploitation of the much - vaunted tar sands of Canada -- expected to cover the global shortfall -- only helped to raise that country 's output from 3.04 million bpd in 2005 to 3.31 million bpd in 2007 , a mere 10 % in two years .
In the 1990s , overflowing supplies and cheap oil had led to an overall decline in oil exploration as well as under - investment in refineries .
These two factors constitute a major hurdle to hiking the supply of petroleum products in the near future .
In addition , new hydrocarbon fields are increasingly found in deep - water regions that are arduous to exploit .
The paucity of the specialized equipment needed to extract oil from such new reserves has created a bottleneck in future offshore production .
The world 's current fleet of specialized drill ships is booked until 2013 .
The price of building such a vessel has taken a five - fold jump to $ 500 million in the last year .
The cost of crucial materials -- such as steel for rigs and pipelines -- has risen sharply .
So , too , have salaries for skilled manpower in the industry .
Little wonder then that while , in 2002 , it cost $ 150,000 a day to hire a deep - water rig , it now costs four times as much .
Static Supply , Rising Demand
While the oil supply remains essentially static , worldwide demand shows no signs of tapering off .
The only way to cool the energy market at the moment would be to reduce consumption .
Luckily -- from the environmentalist 's viewpoint -- soaring gasoline and diesel prices have begun lowering consumption in North America and Western Europe .
Gasoline consumption in the United States dropped 3 % in the first quarter of 2008 , when compared to the previous year .
When it comes to energy conservation , there is a far greater opportunity for saving in the affluent societies of the West than anywhere else in the world .
An average American uses twice as much oil as a Briton , a Briton twice as much as a Russian , and a Russian eight times as much as an Indian .
It was therefore perverse of U.S. energy secretary Sam Bodman to focus on the way the Chinese and Indian governments subsidize oil products to provide relief to their citizens -- and to urge their energy ministers to cut those subsidies to " reduce demand . "
It is true that China and India , which together account for two - fifths of the human race , are now major contributors to the growth in global oil demand .
But it 's an indisputable fact that only by increasing per capita energy consumption from current abysmally low levels can the Chinese and Indian governments hope to lift hundreds of millions of people out of grinding poverty .
In a country like India , for instance , half of all households lack electricity , so hurricane lanterns , fueled by kerosene , are a basic necessity .
Subsidized kerosene , also used for cooking stoves , helps hundreds of millions of poor Indians .
To cut or eliminate the subsidy on kerosene would only intensify poverty .
In truth , when it comes to energy conservation , the main focus at the moment should be on the 30 - member Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) , a group of the globe 's richest nations which cumulatively consumes nearly three out of every five barrels of oil used anywhere .
Among OECD members , Japan provides a model to be emulated .
Japan's Exemplary Performance
When it comes to energy conservation , Japan provides a glaring counterpoint to the United States .
Consider what 's happened in both countries since the first oil shock of the mid-1970s when prices quadrupled .
That price hike initially led to a drive for fuel efficiency in the U.S. , Western Europe , and Japan .
It also gave a boost to the idea of developing renewable sources of energy .
Ever since , Japan has followed a consistent , long - range policy of reduction in petroleum usage , while the U.S. first wavered and then fell back dramatically .
Under the presidencies of Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter , the U.S. modestly improved the fuel efficiency of its vehicles , as stipulated by a federal law .
President Carter also announced a $ 100 million federal research and development program focused on solar power and symbolically had a solar water heater installed on the White House roof .
During the subsequent presidency of Ronald Reagan , when oil prices fell sharply , energy efficiency and conservation policies went with them , as did the idea of developing renewable sources of energy .
This was dramatized when Reagan ordered the removal of that solar panel from the White House .
In the private sector , utilities promptly slashed by half their investments in energy efficiency .
President George H.W. Bush , an oil man , followed Reagan 's lead .
And his son , George W. ( along Vice President Dick Cheney , former chief executive of energy services giant Halliburton ) has done absolutely nothing to wean Americans away from their much talked about " addiction to oil . "
Even now , instead of urging Americans to cut oil usage ( and putting a little legislative heft behind those urgings ) , politicians of both parties are blaming soaring gas and diesel prices on " speculators , " conveniently ignoring how thin a line divides " speculators " from " investors . "
In Japan , on the other hand , the government and private companies have stayed on course since the First Oil Shock .
Despite the doubling of Japan 's gross domestic product during the 1970s and 1980s , its annual overall levels of energy consumption have remained unchanged .
Today , Japan uses only half as much energy for every dollar 's worth of economic activity as the European Union or the United States .
In addition , national and local authorities have continually enforced strict energy - conservation standards for new buildings .
It is , again , Japan that has made significant progress when it comes to renewable sources of energy .
By 2006 , for instance , it was responsible for producing almost half of total global solar power , well ahead of the U.S. , even though it was an American , Russell Ohl , who invented the silicon solar cell , the building block of solar photovoltaic panels , which convert sunshine into electricity .
What to Do : Medium - Term Solutions
Worldwide , over half of all oil is used for transport .
Though we instantly associate a car or truck with an internal combustion engine ( ICE ) , it was not always so .
At the turn of the twentieth century , cars were also powered by steam engines or batteries .
Now , our salvation lies in finding a way back to the pre-ICE era .
It is incumbent upon the automobile companies in rich nations to accelerate the process of divorcing vehicles from the internal combustion engine .
Cars of the future can be powered by batteries , hydrogen cells , or solar panels -- or a combination of the above .
Typically , Japanese companies are in the forefront of research and development on this .
It was Toyota which first introduced a " concept " hybrid car in 1995 , combining batteries with the internal combustion engine , and began mass producing them some years later .
This June , Honda set up an assembly line for producing a hydrogen - powered car , the FCX Clarity .
This model already can travel 280 miles on a tank of liquid hydrogen .
But it will go into mass production only after there is an infrastructure of liquefied hydrogen stations in place in Japan and in California , which will take time .
So far there are only 13 hydrogen stations , funded by the government , in the Tokyo area .
Meanwhile , aware of the enormous cost of its product , it is initially planning to lease the FXC Clarity to drivers for $ 600 a month .
Another Japanese corporation , Mazda , has come up with a hybrid car using hydrogen cells as well as an internal combustion engine .
As the mass production of non-ICE cars takes off in rich nations , the cost will fall , and such models will find markets in the fast expanding ( yet comparatively poor ) economies of China and India .
Medium - Term : The Nuclear Option
Besides powering transport , oil is a major source of fuel for electricity - generating plants .
With even Royal Dutch Shell CEO Jeroen van der
Veer conceding publicly that we are nearing peak oil production ( after which oil reserves will decline irretrievably ) , attention is increasingly turning , in the West , to coal and nuclear power as medium - term solutions .
The very mention of nuclear plants revives nightmarish memories of the partial meltdown of a U.S. reactor at Three Mile Island in Pennsylvania in 1979 , and the catastrophic burning of the Chernobyl nuclear plant in Ukraine in 1986 .
On the other hand , nuclear stations now provide 79 % of France 's electricity and have , so far , been accident - proof .
That country 's leading nuclear company , Avera , expects to sell 100 power stations , fueled by third - generation Evolutionary Pressure Water Reactors ( EPWR ) , worldwide by 2030 .
Avera also heads a consortium that is building the first nuclear power station in Europe in more than a decade -- in Finland .
On nuclear waste management and safety , the Finnish nuclear authority Posiva seems to have found a workable solution .
After twelve years of public debate , it has allowed the construction of a $ 3.5 billion nuclear plant equipped with an EPWR reactor , on an offshore island .
The new plant is designed to last 60 years , twice the average life of a nuclear power plant today .
If its control rods should fail , triggering a core meltdown , a special basin of concrete will be there to hold the debris , thus theoretically preventing the release of radioactive material .
The nuclear waste will then be set in cast iron , encased in copper , and dropped down a borehole , half a kilometer deep , which would , in turn , be saturated with bentonite , a kind of clay .
According to Posiva 's metallurgists , under such conditions the copper barrier should last a million years .
Once this station is commissioned , nuclear - fueled electricity will rise from 27 % to 37 % of the total on the Finnish national grid .
So acute is the demand for electricity in India that three nuclear power stations are to be commissioned this year .
Once on line , however , these plants will make but a marginal difference in meeting Indian energy needs .
Only coal , which abounds in India , can help meet exploding demand , as is true in coal - rich China .
There , an electric plant fueled by ( dirty , conventional ) coal is being commissioned every week .
Medium - Term : Cleaner Coal
In the hydrocarbon family , coal is the least efficient energy source , providing only half as much energy as oil , while producing twice as much carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) .
But coal has the longest history of supplying energy to modern societies , and as the twenty - first century began , it was still one of the leading fuels for power plants worldwide .
Today , coal provides 28 % of electric power globally , only marginally less than in the 1970s .
Countrywide , percentages vary widely -- from 20 % in the United States to four times as much in China .
Because coal is n't going away any time soon , the challenge is obviously to burn coal more efficiently and , at the same time , capture its CO2 emissions before they reach the atmosphere .
One possible solution to coal 's polluting problems lies in producing de-carbonized coal -- that is , in converting coal into petroleum products , thereby also reducing demand for crude oil .
A hybrid technology involving de-carbonizing natural gas or coal already exists .
In a coal - fired integrated gasification combined cycle ( IGCC ) facility , coal is broken up , extracting the hydrogen and leaving behind the carbon .
Next the hydrogen is burned , emitting heat that drives the electricity - generating turbines , while carbon , in the form of liquefied CO2 , is stored underground or under the seabed .
But , at the moment , an IGCC station needs one - fifth more coal as fuel than a conventional plant just to produce the energy needed to power the carbon - capturing mechanism .
The price of the electric power thus generated would be a third to a half higher than that from dirty coal .
On the other hand , according to the United Nations ' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , the CO2 capture and storage ( CCS ) system could someday provide up to 55 % of the emissions reduction needed to avoid the worst effects of global warming .
Last month , the G8 energy ministers , meeting in Japan , called for the launch of 20 large - scale CCS projects globally by 2010 .
Soon after , the British government invited four leading European companies to submit tenders for such a project in the United Kingdom .
At the recent oil summit in Jeddah , British Prime Minister Gordon Brown announced that his country would work with Saudi Arabia on perfecting the technology for carbon capture .
The United States and Australia are already committed to advance this technology with public funds .
As it gets cheaper with frequent application , it will become affordable by countries like India and China .
With oil supplies peaking in the coming years and uranium following a similar path as the present century unfolds , the weight of humanity 's needs will increasingly fall on coal .
It is coal , for better or worse , that will provide the energy to sustain higher living standards for a growing segment of humanity , even as the search for , and development of , renewable energies proceeds at a faster pace .
Last week , recognizing this reality , the G8 summit renewed its commitment to advance carbon capture and storage systems with all due speed .
This , in a nutshell , is the global energy future in the medium term .
It is the reality we face .
This article first appeared on www.tomdispatch.com, a weblog of the Nation Institute , which offers a steady flow of alternate sources , news and opinion from Tom Engelhardt , a long time editor in publishing , the author of The End of Victory Culture , and a fellow of the Nation Institute .
JAIPUR : She 's only 11 days old , and already her fate is tied in legal knots and international complications .
Her biological parents are Japanese .
When her mother , Yuki Yamada , could not conceive , she chose a surrogate mother in Ahmedabad to carry her child .
( Watch )
The child was born on July 25 in Anand , Gujarat .
But a month before that , Yuki divorced her husband , Dr Ikufumi Yamada , and disowned the child .
And that , it seems , is the root of all trouble for the infant who still does not have a name .
Her father is keen to take the girl back home to Tokyo , but a law enacted 120 years ago is in the way .
First , as Dr Ikufumi is only the biological father of the child , the girl 's legitimacy will have to be proved .
Secondly , according to the Guardians and Wards Act , 1890 , a single father cannot adopt a girl child .
With so much loaded against her , the girl is now spending time at a hospital in Jaipur .
She was shifted out of Ahmedabad after the blasts .
A friend of Ikufumi , Kamal Vijayvargiya�� �a jeweller from Jaipur settled in Tokyo�� �was instrumental in getting the girl shifted to Arya Hospital in Jaipur .
He also got Ikufumi's mother to come down and take care of the child .
She 's here on a three - month tourist visa .
" She ( the grandmother ) is very disturbed as the child cannot be taken out of the country because of adoption laws .
The child 's mother , Yuki , who divorced her husband and disowned the child , turned down her ex-husband 's request to visit India to complete the adoption process .
The grandmother becomes very emotional when she is told that the child cannot be taken out of India .
The lawmakers will have to find some solution to this , " said Dr Sanjay Arya , who is looking after the girl .
Ikufumi ( 45 ) ���an orthopaedic surgeon attached to a Tokyo hospital�� �and his former wife Yuki ( 41 ) signed an agreement of surrogacy with Dr Nayanaben Patel of Akansha IVF Centre , an Ahmedabad hospital , on November 22 last year .
Pritiben Mehta , wife of Brijeshbhai Mehta , also from Ahmedabad , signed an agreement to serve as the surrogate mother .
The fertilization process of Yuki's eggs with Ikufumi's sperm was completed in Tokyo and the embryo was brought to Ahmedabad .
The embryo transfer was done at Dr Nayanaben 's hospital on November 22 in the presence of the Japanese couple .
After that , they left for Tokyo .
The baby was delivered on July 25 .
But by then , the Japanese couple had divorced .
And after the birth , surrogate mother Pritiben stuck to the terms of the contract and left the baby and went home .
If the baby , whose nationality is Indian , does n't get an Indian passport after the adoption process is completed , she may become the country 's first surrogate - orphan .
Chemists claim to have created the world 's first DNA molecule made almost entirely of artificial parts .
The finding could lead to improvements in gene therapy , futuristic nano - sized computers , and other high - tech advances , the Japanese researchers say .
DNA , popularly illustrated as a double helix , holds the blueprints of life and controls what every living organism becomes and how it functions .
Scientists have tried for years to develop artificial versions of DNA in order to take advantage of its amazing information storage capabilities .
Already , DNA has been harnessed to create simple electronic circuits .
DNA uses just four basic building blocks , known as bases , to code proteins used in cell functioning and development .
Other researchers have crafted DNA molecules with a few artificial parts .
But Masahiko Inouye and colleagues at the University of Toyama used stitched together four entirely new , artificial bases inside the sugar - based framework of a DNA molecule , creating unusually stable , double - stranded structures resembling natural DNA , they say .
Like natural DNA , the new ripoffs were right - handed and some easily formed triple - stranded structures .
" The unique chemistry of these structures and their high stability offer unprecedented possibilities for developing new biotech materials and applications , " the researchers said in a statement .
The breakthrough will be detailed in the July 23 issue of the Journal of the American Chemical Society .
" The artificial DNA might be applied to a future extracellular genetic system with information storage and amplifiable abilities , " the researchers write .
BAMIYAN , Afghanistan — Taliban insurgents mounted their most serious attacks in six years of fighting in Afghanistan over the last two days , including a coordinated assault by at least 10 suicide bombers against one of the largest American military bases in the country , and another by about 100 insurgents who killed 10 elite French paratroopers .
The attack on the French , in a district near Kabul , added to the sense of siege around the capital and was the deadliest single loss for foreign troops in a ground battle since the United States - led invasion chased the Taliban from power in 2001 .
Taken together , the attacks were part of a sharp escalation in fighting as insurgents have seized a window of opportunity to press their campaign this summer — taking advantage of a wavering NATO commitment , an outgoing American administration , a flailing Afghan government and a Pakistani government in deep disarray that has given the militants freer rein across the border .
As a result , this year is on pace to be the deadliest in the Afghan war so far , as the insurgent attacks show rising zeal and sophistication .
The insurgents are employing not only a growing number of suicide and roadside bombs , but are also waging increasingly well - organized and complex operations using multiple attackers with different types of weapons , NATO officials say .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The intrepid Patrick Cockburn reveals that the White House is more or less extorting the Iraqi government into signing a security pact with George W. Bush .
At stake is $ 50 bn. of Iraqi money held in the US Federal Reserve , at least $ 20 bn. of which could be lost to Iraq if the government of Nuri al - Maliki declines to sign on the dotted line .
Cockburn also reveals that the Iraqis wanted to diversify their receipts from oil sales away from dollar holdings into euros , and that the Americans vetoed the move .
Bush wants 50 bases in Iraq and the prerogative of the US military to act unilaterally and with impunity inside the country .
Although the Bush administration is playing hardball to get this wideranging set of commitments from Iraq before July 31 , and although Iraqis are eager to escape Chapter 7 of the UN Charter , which limits their government ’s sovereignty , the negotiations may collapse in the face of widespread opposition to the baldly neocolonial terms sought by Washington .
Even remaining under the UN Security Council , under Chapter 7 , may be preferable to Baghdad .
There were large demonstrations against the security agreement , barely covered by the US press , last Friday , and Iraqi religious and political leaders are coalescing against it .
Postcolonial states of the Arab world , which only attained real independence from Britain and France with great difficulty and in living memory , are touchy about being seen as kowtowing to imperial demands .
The Shah ’s government was overthrown in 1979 by huge crowds and a wide cross section of the public precisely on these grounds .
The Senate Intelligence Committee has issued a 170 - page report accusing Bush and Cheney of exaggerating the intelligence on the threat posed by Iraq , in the build - up to the Iraq War .
D’oh .
Meanwhile , Turkey ’s Chief of Staff has warned that the ‘ status quo ’ in Iraq will destabilize the Middle East if it goes on .
That is , he is attacking the current constitution and political arrangements , whereby Kurdistan is semi-independent of Baghdad .
Turkey and Iran are coordinating their attacks on Kurdish guerrillas , based in American - held Iraq , that have been conducting strikes against the two countries .
Turkey itself has entered a constitutional crisis over , of all things , whether women in universities may veil on campus .
Video of Fort Hays State Debate Coach Bill Shanahan in the heated debate .
The video prompted a campus wide investigation .
Part of it involves Professor Bill Shanahan mooning the woman he 's arguing with .
But all of the video has Shanahan screaming at a debate judge after a debate on race .
The exchange happened back in March at the National Quarter Finals of the Cross Examination Debate Association .
Last week , the video was released on the internet .
" Bill is a non-conformist , he 's a maverick , he 's a very provocative teacher , " said Fort Hays Provost Larry Gould .
He said he 's known Shanahan for 15 years , and he explained what he believes happened .
" What seems to be the provacateur for all of this , " he said Monday afternoon , " is the idea that debaters are allowed to strike two judges , and in this case , there were 5 judges , and the Fort Hays State University team struck two judges who had given them low scores in the past .
One of them happened to be a black female , and that set the thing off .
" The nearly 9 minute diatribe is prompting a campus investigation .
" And we 're sure that there 's probably some facts and information that 's just not available , " said Gould .
" I mean , you see a lot on the video , but we need to make sure everything is revealed before we take any action .
" At this point , there 's no word on what kind of reprimand - if any - Shanahan faces .
But another professor caught on tape at the debate wanted to make sure students who saw the exchange got a message .
Debates on touchy subjects like race can offend people .
Said ML Sandoz of Vanderbilt University : " I wish everyone would recognize the importance of these issues and stop to think about the consequences they 're having on real people .
" We could not reach Shanahan at home or at work for a comment .
... does n't includeterrorists .
Consider yourself lucky you were n't one of the 73 passengers on the plane that was bombed by a right - wing terrorist the Bush family has coddled and granted asylum .
This particular terrorist , in fact , became " the cornerstone of the campaign by Ileana Ros-Lehtinen for her run for the U.S. Congress .
The campaign became Free Orlando Bosch .
Her campaign manager was a young , ambitious politician named Jeb Bush . "
Take a look at the clip : Earlier today we welcomed Ros-Lehtinen 's Democratic opponent , Annette Taddeo , to a Blue America chat .
Cuba and Cuban refugees no longer dominate the politics of South Florida .
Even Little Havana , which is part of the district in question , is no longer a Cuban - majority area .
We barely even touched on the " Cuba question " at all , other than to note that , although Ros-Lehtinen used it to propel a political career , it has n't led anywhere other than to right wing demagoguery .
For example , here 's Ros-Lehtinen herself urging the assassination of Fidel Castro .
I thought that was illegal .
Is it ok for members of Congress ?
Or ok if the head of state is someone " we " do n't like ?
Do n't be upset -- just remember what Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( D - FL ) tells the media about Ros-Lehtinen : " she 's a moderate . "
In what world ?
Labels : Annette Taddeo , Cuba , Florida , Ros-Lehtinen , War on Terror
Principal Said Rainbows Are “ Sexually Suggestive ”
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE :
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2673 or 2568 ; media@aclu.org
PANAMA CITY , FL – After a two - day trial in which a Florida high school principal testified that he believed clothing or stickers featuring rainbows would make students automatically picture gay people having sex , a federal judge today ruled that the school violated students ’
First Amendment rights of students .
The case was brought by the American Civil Liberties Union on behalf of a junior at the school who had been forbidden by her principal to wear any sort of clothing , stickers , buttons , or symbols to show her support of equal rights for gay people .
“ Standing up to my school was really hard to do , but I ’m so happy that I did because the First Amendment is a big deal to everyone , ” said Heather Gillman , a junior at Ponce de Leon High School and the plaintiff in the case .
Judge Richard Smoak of the United States District Court , Northern District of Florida , Panama City Division , issued an order that forces the school to stop its unconstitutional censorship of students who want to express their support for the fair and equal treatment of gay people .
The judge also warned the district not to retaliate against students over the lawsuit .
“ Freedom of speech for every person and every idea is one of the bedrock principles on which America was founded , ” said Christine Sun , a staff attorney with the ACLU national Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender Project .
“ Censorship reflects a deep lack of faith in the American system , and it teaches students exactly the wrong lesson on what America is about .
We are thrilled that the court in this case made the importance of students ’
First Amendment rights so completely clear . ”
The case came about after Heather Gillman and other students approached the ACLU about an atmosphere in which students say they were routinely intimidated by school officials for things like writing “ gay pride ” on their arms and notebooks or wearing rainbow - themed clothing .
According to students , problems began in September of 2007 when a lesbian student tried to report to school officials that she was being harassed by other students because she is a lesbian .
Instead of addressing the harassment , students say the school responded with intimidation , censorship , and suspensions .
That student testified on Monday , breaking down on the stand as she described the school ’s indifference to the harassment she experienced .
During the trial , which was held in Panama City yesterday and today , Ponce de Leon High School ’s principal David Davis admitted under oath that he had banned students from wearing any clothing or symbols supporting equal rights for gay people .
Davis also testified that he believed rainbows were “ sexually suggestive ” and would make students unable to study because they ’d be picturing gay sex acts in their mind .
The principal went on to admit that while censoring rainbows and gay pride messages he allowed students to wear other symbols many find controversial , such as the Confederate flag .
“ I am very pleased with the judge ’s ruling to uphold the students ’ right to express their views on issues that are important to them , ” said Benjamin James Stevenson , a staff attorney for the ACLU of Florida .
“ This whole experience has been important civics lesson about exercising our Bill of Rights . ”
Ponce de Leon High School is located halfway between Pensacola and Tallahassee , in Florida ’s panhandle .
According to the school ’s website , about 400 students are enrolled there .
Heather Gillman is represented by Stevenson and Robert Rosenwald of the ACLU of Florida , Sun of the ACLU Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender Project , and Garrard Beeney , Maura Miller , Meg Holzer , Megan Bradley , Tom Laughlin , and Vincent Liu of Sullivan & Cromwell , LLC .
Gillman v. Holmes County School District , case no .
5:08 - cv-34 , was heard in the U.S. District Court of the Northern District of Florida .
A copy of the ACLU ’s complaint as well as the earlier letter and the school ’s response can be downloaded at :
www.aclu.org/lgbt/youth/33859res20080131.html.
For more information on the ACLU ’s LGBT advocacy work , visit www.aclufl.org or www.aclu.org/lgbt.
AGT July 12 , 2011 .
The first week of live shows for America 's Got Talent season 6 will happen on July 12 , 2011 .
The first 12 of America 's Got Talent Top 48 contestants will be performing live from Hollywood , hoping a chance to advance to the top 24 .
Stay tuned for AGT 7/12/11 Tuesday at 9 : PM on NBC .
Source : America's Got Talent July 12 , 2011 | AGT
7/12/11 Performance
Selecting the correct local lead generation company can be difficult and you have to be very careful which company you ultimately decide to work with .
Much of your business income is at risk here , and time can be working against you in your efforts to get your company visible to prospective clients and customers .
With each day that passes , your competition could be obtaining your potential customers and taking income from you .
Just another reason why uranium is n’t the way to go , it costs the taxpayer way too much money for what he receives .
Take the former Fernald Feed Materials Production Center at Fernald , Ohio , that ’s about 20 miles northwest of Cincinnati .
The former uranium processing site opened in complete secrecy during the Cold War in 1951 .
The plant fabricated uranium fuel cores for the U.S. nuclear weapons production complex until 1989 , when it shut the doors .
Releases from the plant exposed residents of the small community of Fernald to radon , soluble and insoluble forms of uranium and various chemicals , both in groundwater and from blowing dust .
The health consequences to residents and former workers are still being evaluated .
True , the Cold War was settled peacefully , with jangled nerves and a plethora of nuclear weapons as a threat to total annihilation of anyone who attacks our shores .
But the taxpayers who worked at and lived near the plant were exposed to dangerous elements , as described above .
Some payoff , especially for the 50 years it took to get the mess cleaned up .
How much did it cost , you ask ?
Well , the Energy Department has finished the removal of 1.5 million tons of waste at a cost of $ 4.4 billion .
And , after 22 years , remember that number , 22 years , the feds have agreed to pay $ 13.7 million settlement over contaminated ground water at the site .
True , this is n’t about a nuclear power generating station , it ’s about nuclear energy and the stuff that makes it run , uranium .
Once disturbed from it ’s natural state , entered into the mainstream of American life , it can be dangerous at best .
Do n’t forget , this is only one of maybe a hundred or more sites where mighty uranium has been mined , processed , fabricated or used in some way that has yet to be cleaned up and restored .
Nuclear is n’t clean , it ’s dirty , invasive and dangerous , but we ’ve got it and there ’s no way to change it .
Posts Related to Uranium and Nuclear
Image : www.lm.doe.gov/…/ fernald_orig/Future/flu.htm
Source :
Steve Jobs did n't give much of an introduction to the upcoming Snow Leopard release of OS X during the keynote , deferring to Bertrand Serlet to do the honors later in the day .
Unfortunately , the content of Serlet 's session is covered by an NDA , so details of Snow Leopard have been hard to come by .
Apple has announced a few features , and developers generally like it , but a few of the big questions remain unanswered .
French site LogicielMac has posted a screenshot of Snow Leopard 's system requirements , thereby answering two processor - related questions at once .
The bad news is that the rumor that Snow Leopard will drop PowerPC support is true .
An Intel processor is listed as one of the system requirements .
According to some quick web searching , this means that anyone with a Mac purchased before 2006 will be out of luck .
This will undoubtedly make a few people upset , since Apple seems to be dropping support for the platform more quickly than it has dropped other processors in the past .
There is some good news here , though .
Although the requirements mention Intel processors , Snow Leopard does n't seem to require a 64 - bit Intel processor , owners of first - generation Intel Macs will be able to take advantage of most of the new features .
In my mind , keeping 32 - bit support is a good move for Apple , since making Snow Leopard require a 64 - bit processor would obsolete a fair number of 2006 purchases .
It 's possible that the requirements will change , since the ones listed are only for the developer preview , but for right now it looks like the Snow Leopard requirements wo n't be as bad as the rumors suggested .
In Florida , several people make use of POA and they do so for several reasons .
Before we go into that , why do n’t we consider what
" Loved your book ... and it ’s intent .
Like you , I have seen so many people who have no concept of budgeting even when they have clear goals ( buy a home , upgrade their car , ... ) but no idea how to get there financially .
Your characters are good ( ok , Arturo can be quite obtuse ) and set the scene well .
My favorite part is that “ the student ” discovers the freedom that comes from being able to make independent choices .
Another motivated “ Owner - Operator ” is born ! "
Barrie
While attention in the US was focused on Michelle Obama 's convention speech yesterday , another aspiring first lady was heading for Georgia .
Cindy McCain , the wife of the Republican presidential nominee , John McCain , flew to Tbilisi for a meeting with the Georgian president , Mikheil Saakashvili .
McCain was also due to visit Georgian soldiers wounded in the brief conflict with Russia over the breakaway South Ossetia region .
She is travelling with the UN's World Food Programme on a trip first reported by Time magazine .
The wealthy beer heiress told the magazine that overseas missions were an " important part of what I 'm about , what makes me tick " .
The McCain campaign said the timing of the trip , which coincided with the Democratic national convention in Denver , was a coincidence .
" She 's on the phone with the World Food Programme ; he's on the phone with Saakashvili , " the McCain adviser Nicolle Wallace told Time .
" It was a great picture of what they 'll be like in the White House . "
McCain told the magazine she was concerned about landmine proliferation in Georgia .
Since the conflict , earlier this month , Georgia has been a favoured destination for US politicians , especially those involved in the presidential campaign .
Barack Obama 's vice - presidential nominee , the foreign policy expert Joseph Biden , travelled there before being named on the ticket .
The current vice president , Dick Cheney , will go there next week .
Both Obama and McCain have denounced the Russian incursion into its neighbour 's territory , although McCain 's rhetoric was markedly more aggressive .
He has sought to use the conflict , which broke out while Obama was on holiday in Hawaii , to emphasise his foreign policy credentials .
" Senator McCain has talked for years about the dangers of Russian policies in the way they conduct themselves and undermine the sovereignty of their neighbours , " the McCain foreign policy adviser Randy Scheunemann told the Washington Post earlier this month .
Russia was today continuing to defy the west by recognising the independence of South Ossetia and another breakaway Georgian region , Abkhazia .
Moscow has pulled back most of its forces from Georgia but is keeping troops in a large buffer zone around the breakaway regions , claiming they are needed to guarantee security .
Although it has not yet been announced , investment bank Piper Jaffray believes it 's only a matter of time before Apple reveals plans to hold a special event next month to usher in a new array of iPods and Mac notebooks .
The Cupertino - based company has used a September gathering to launch new iPods for the past three years , analyst Gene Munster advised clients in a research report Wednesday , adding that Apple shares have risen about 4 percent on average from the week before those events to the week after .
Historically , shares have risen more than 47 percent between the week before those events to the four months after , he said .
At this year 's event , Munster is expecting Apple to refresh its iPod family through a number of " pricing and capacity changes . "
Specifically , he 's looking for capacity increases to iPod shuffles and iPod nanos , but no price reductions on those models .
Conversely , the iPod touch is likely to see a redesign " and a new $ 199 price point , in line with the iPhone . "
Sharing the stage with new iPods will be a complete overhaul of the company 's mainstream notebook families , Munster believes .
In particular , the analyst sees Apple unveiling new industrial designs for both the MacBook and MacBook Pro , and possibly re-entering the $ 999 price point on the MacBook as it once offered alongside the notebook 's iBook predecessor .
" We note that the MacBook has had the same design since its launch over two years ago , and the MacBook Pro has had essentially the same design since its launch over 2.5 years ago , which was very similar in design to the PowerBook G4 released over 5.5 years ago , " he told clients .
" To compare , the long - running iMac G5 design lasted three years . "
In his note to clients , the Piper Jaffray analyst also weighed in with his thoughts on how Apple will expand the presence of its multi- touch technology on the Mac going forward .
He said gestures recently added to the MacBook Air and MacBook Pro " are just the beginning of Apple 's exploration of multi- touch on the Mac , " and that the company clearly holds plans to leverage its technology portfolio from the iPhone to simultaneously advance Mac experience .
" Currently , these gestures require the same touch - sensing technology used in the iPhone , but they use a traditional looking trackpad , " the analyst told clients .
" Eventually , we expect Apple to change the trackpad to backlit color screens for a more dynamic user interface on the Mac . "
Ultimately , Munster expects
Apple to introduce a full touch - screen MacBook , although " not until the technology has fully matured over the next 2 - 3 years . "
In April the video game site What They Play reported that parents were more concerned with sexual content in games than violence or profanity , raising a few questions about the priorities of video game ratings and content that may or may not be harmful for children .
Now , the site has released a new survey , asking parents what would most worry them when sending a child to sleep over at a friends house .
While the results are being trumpeted around the Internet as " proof " that parents fear video games as much as other social issues such as pornography or alcohol abuse , the truth is that this data tells us very little about the real - world fears of parents .
We need to look at this data a little more critically than the way it is presented by What They Play ; it does n't tell us what " parents " think , it tells us what readers of this particular blog think .
This was simply a survey on the site , so not only is it impossible to tell if respondents even have children , but whether these numbers are in fact a truly representative population other than What They Play readers .
It turns out that the thing that most scares parents has nothing to do with games : smoking marijuana came in as the greatest fear by a huge margin , capturing 50 percent of the vote .
That 's much higher than Grand Theft Auto 's 19 percent .
Of course , saying " Pot use much more concerning to parents than Grand Theft Auto , " would n't have gotten the site as many links .
D.A.R.E. already has its funding ; games are the hot button issue , and the results are being spun to take advantage of that .
It 's also important look at the actual question and contrast it with the headline for the accompanying blog post ( Parents More Concerned About Video Games Than Alcohol or Pornography ) .
The survey did n't ask about video games , it asked about whether parents would worry about their children playing Grand Theft Auto .
A very specific game that again , is n't representative of the industry .
This is a title that sold in the millions almost before it was released , and that talking heads on news shows spouted poorly researched " facts " about .
Grand Theft Auto is a lightning rod for both the gaming industry and those who wish to demonize it , and to make the case that parents ' feelings on this one particular video game sum up their fears about the entire hobby is beyond absurd .
It would be like asking parents if they would let their children watch Hostel and then trumpet the fact that parents are concerned about the movie industry .
Grand Theft Auto is a name with much baggage ; there 's a reason it was named in the survey — to get people to click on it — and left as vague as " video games " in the headline — so the data looked more important than it is .
The game What They Play used to drive their data is n't named at all in their blog post ; it merely says " certain video games . "
Lastly , this does n't reflect was really concerns parents ; it merely reflects their choice between four possibilities .
What if you put some other choices in there , such as lack of supervision or even finding a gun ?
An academic study of a large sample of parents on the issue is worth paying attention to — games are a major concern for some parents , but shoddy data like this survey being passed around and sensationalized is n't doing anyone any favors .
In perhaps the best twist on this story , the image accompanying What They Play 's " analysis " of the data includes a completely nude woman , her breasts almost completely exposed , pouting her lips at the reader while nearly spilling a martini .
The " parents ' guide to video games " remains classy .
Summer is finally here , and we under - sunned desk turds want to see what fun looks like .
Remind us what it is to be young and capable of joy again with a skillfully captured frame .
Use the Reddit widget below to submit your best summer photo and vote for your favorite among the other submissions .
The 10 highest - ranked photos will appear in a gallery on the Wired.com home page .
We want to see itchy bug bites and rickety bunk beds , sparklers and barbecues .
Take us on a manic road trip through fireflies and wine vines , and leave us sipping margaritas on umbrellaed beaches .
If it does n't scream " summer , " we do n't want to see it .
The photo must be your own , and by submitting it you are giving us permission to use it on Wired.com and in Wired magazine .
Please submit images that are relatively large , the ideal size being 800 to 1200 pixels or larger on the longest side .
Please include a description of your photo , which may include exposure information , equipment used , etc .
We do n't host the photos , so you 'll have to upload it somewhere else and submit a link to it .
If you 're using Flickr , Picasa or another photo - sharing site to host your image , please provide a link to the image directly and not just to the photo page where it 's displayed .
If your photo does n't show up , it 's because the URL you have entered is incorrect .
Check it and make sure it ends with the image file name ( XXXXXX.jpg ) .
Please bookmark this page and check back periodically over the next two weeks to vote on new submissions !
Also , check out the winner 's galleries from our previous contests : Holga , Red , Self - Portrait , Night , Macro , Transportation , and Black and White .
Follow the Money ?
God forbid .
FISCAL COMMENTARY : Follow the Money ?
God forbid .
Why was the cashing out of billions of dollars just before the 9/11 attacks never investigated ?
by Jim Hogue
Had an investigation been done into the crime of failing to file the “ currency transaction reports ” in August 2001 , then we would know who made the cash withdrawals in $ 100 bills amounting to the $ 5 billion surge .
I t's been over six years since 9/11 , but U.S. regulatory entities have been slow to follow through with reports about the complex financial transactions that occurred just prior to and following the attacks .
Such research could shed light on such questions as who was behind them — and who benefited — and could help lay to rest the rumors that have been festering .
Warning bells about anomalies in the fiscal sector were sounded in the summer of 2001 , but not heeded .
Among those who has since raised questions was Bill Bergman .
As a financial market analyst for the Federal Reserve , he was assigned in 2003 to review the record of July and August of 2001 .
He noticed an unusual surge in the currency component of the M1 money supply ( cash circulating outside of banks ) during that period .
The surge totaled over $ 5 billion above the norm for a two - month increase .
The increase in August alone was the third largest single monthly increase since 1947 , even after a significantly above - average month in July .
When reviewing the record of July and August of 2001 , Bill Bergman noticed a $ 5 billion surge in the currency component of the M1 money supply — the third largest such increase since 1947 .
Bergman asked about this anomaly — and was removed from his investigative duties .
Surges in the currency component of M1 are often the result of people withdrawing their cash to protect themselves lest some anticipated disaster ( such as Y2 K ) befall the economy .
In January of 1991 a surge was recorded ( the then second - largest since ’ 47 ) , which could be attributed to “ war - time hoarding ” before the Iraq I invasion , but could also be attributed to financial maneuverings and liquefying of assets relating to the BCCI enforcement proceedings .
Bergman points out that the August 2001 withdrawals may have been , to a large extent , caused by the Argentinian banking crisis that was occurring at the time .
However , he raises the point that no explanation has yet fully answered the important question :
Why was the cashing out of billions of dollars just before the 9/11 attacks never investigated ?
It ’s possible that the answer to this question is also the answer to the other follow - the - money questions surrounding 9/11 ; and despite an embarrassing heap of evidence , neither the press , nor Congress , nor any agency with investigative responsibility has done its job on our behalf .
On the contrary , their inaction might reasonably be construed as a cover-up .
Bergman " followed the money , " including developing a framework for working with money - laundering data and “ suspicious activity ” reports for monitoring and investigating terrorism .
The questions he asked about what happened during the summer of 2001 should have led to investigations , which should have resulted in the prosecution of those with foreknowledge of the attacks .
Those who follow the history of the 9/11 fact - finding movement know that there is a laundry - list of unanswered questions that are just as compelling as those put forth by Bergman .
And there is also a laundry - list of whistle - blowers who have been fired and subsequently ignored .
So it is not at all surprising that Bergman was removed from his investigative duties , and that his concerns were not publicly addressed .
Bergman 's supervisor instructed him follow up on an unanswered question he had raised pertaining to an August 2 , 2001 letter from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve to the 12 Reserve Banks .
This letter urged scrutiny of suspicious activity reports .
Bergman learned of the pervasiveness of the warnings of the 9/11 attacks , and wondered how thoroughly these warnings had permeated the financial system .
In this capacity as Federal Reserve investigative point - man , and with his money - laundering portfolio being guided by his supervisor 's directive , he asked the Board why they had issued their August 2 , 2001 directive , and whether this related to any heightened intelligence of a terrorist threat .
His position was then eliminated , and a crucial investigation was terminated before it could even begin .
Another 9/11 Commission Misrepresentation Footnote 28 of the Staff Monograph on Terrorist Financing from the official 9/11 Commission Report states that the National Money - laundering Strategy Report for 2001 “ did n’t mention terrorist financing in any of its 50 pages . ”
True ?
No . The NMLS Report mentions it 17 times .
One gets the impression that the commission staff ( under Philip Zelikow ) was trying to paint the picture that there was n’t a lot of co-operation between those involved in counterterrorism and the banking regulators in 2001 .
Why do they paint this picture , inasmuch as the contrary is the case ?
In fact , anti-terrorism was an important element of the National Money Strategy , and it was included and emphasized in its Report annually .
It may have been part of the reason why the August 2 , 2001 letter urging scrutiny of suspicious activity reports was issued in the first place .
In turn , the billions in currency shipments of July and August 2001 are completely omitted in the 9/11 Commission Report .
I make bold to point out that the official story - line is that the attacks were accomplished by " the evil - doers " on a shoe - string budget with little money changing hands .
Therefore , according to Zelikow et al. , it is pointless to look at large flows of money in an investigation of the attacks .
That makes perfect sense — unless you happen to have a brain .
To state the obvious , there are two reasons why Zelikow et al. made the false statement regarding there having been no references to terrorism in the National Money - laundering Strategy Report .
One reason could be to justify and encourage more scrutiny ( legal or otherwise ) of small transactions generally , e.g. via USAPA , and the other could be to establish ( read : invent ) a reason for missing the evidence pertaining to the attacks .
( ' Transactions too small .
No one could find . ')
And since the real money trail points to foreknowledge within the financial community at large , and , possibly , the Federal Reserve specifically , the " low - budget terrorism " story - line that the 9/11 Commission had established needed to be protected .
If such a lack of attentiveness to a financial transaction of $ 5 billion goes unnoticed in August 2001 , then a reason had to be established for this lack of attention .
And Bergman ’s attentiveness to the Board of Governor ’s August 2 letter was the fly in the ointment , as this letter proves that the Board was indeed attentive to suspicious transactions , even very , very large ones .
Bergman ’s question of “ Why ” is therefore key to yet another avenue of inquiry .
All the News that ’s Permissible to Print Note that a few dollars sent to an Islamic charity could warrant arrests , investigations , front - page stories , and , sometimes , torture and many years in jail .
That 's Propaganda 101 : ' Large amounts of money do not fund major acts of terrorism .
Small amounts do .
Small amounts covered the 9/11 tab , therefore large amounts did n’t . '
The news coverage , creating high - profile prosecutions for relatively small transactions , reinforces this scenario .
With this in mind , we suggest that the reader follow the story of Mark Siljander ( major coverage ) on the one hand , and also follow the Times UK reports from Sibel Edmonds ( verboten in the US mainstream press ) on the other hand .
Edmonds told me recently of the major foreign media outlets that had offered to report her story .
Not one major outlet did so in the US .
R.T. Naylor suggests , in his wonderful book Satanic Purses , that any major terrorist event that involves a lot of money is ' state terrorism , ' and this is independently confirmed by Sibel Edmonds ’ statements as to the enormous sums changing hands at the time of the 9/11 attacks .
I suggest that her testimony to the Senate Intelligence Committee ( Leahy and Grassley ) gave the lie to the official financial myth of 9/11 .
If Bergman had been allowed to continue his investigation , I suggest that he would have uncovered the same thing .
Note that the drug money and other illicit transactions described by Edmonds occurred during the same time period , and the amounts in the billions are comparable .
The Law To members of the constabulary : the operable statutes are 1 ) The 1970 Bank Secrecy
Act that imposed new financial reporting requirements to facilitate the tracing of questionable transactions and 2 ) the 1986 Money Laundering Control
Act that criminalized the act of money - laundering .
Also operable , and of particular relevance in a historical context , is the 1917 Trading With the Enemy Act that was relied upon in October of 1942 to seize the assets of “ Hitler ’s Bankers in America , ” Union Banking , ( involving bank vice president Prescott Bush under his father - in - law and bank president , George Walker ) .
The law is not always followed , and the required “ currency transaction reports ” are sometimes not filed .
The 9/11 Commission Report and the National Money - laundering Strategy Report for 2001 did not identify those who are involved with large cash transactions .
Had the paperwork been done in August of 2001 , or an investigation done into the crime of failing to file the “ currency transaction reports , ” then we would know who made the cash withdrawals in $ 100 bills amounting to the $ 5 billion surge .
Information about what transpired took years to develop after the fact .
For example , the Federal Reserve fined United Bank of Switzerland and Riggs Bank in 2004 .
Mr. Bergman states that he does n’t want to be a dog barking up the wrong tree , but the authorities , apparently under orders from our top officials , are preventing a standard investigation and the most obvious prosecutorial methodology from going forth .
Congress could step in ; a prosecutor could step up .
But do n’t hold your breath .
Jim Hogue , a former teacher , is now an actor who tours his performance of Ethan Allen .
He also operates a small farm in Calais , VT .
His seminal articles about Sibel Edmonds and CIA Whistleblower “ Miss Moneypenny ” may be found in this newspaper 's archives .
Bill Bergman currently works in Chicago as an equity analyst for a private sector firm .
From 1998 to 2004 he was a senior financial market analyst for the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago , where his areas of expertise included Insolvency Issues in Derivatives Markets , Money Laundering , and Ethics and Payment System Policy .
He holds an M.B.A. in Finance and an M.A. in Public Policy from the University of Chicago .
Copyright © 2008 The Baltimore News Network .
All rights reserved .
Republication or redistribution of Baltimore Chronicle content is expressly prohibited without their prior written consent .
Baltimore News Network , Inc. , sponsor of this web site , is a nonprofit organization and does not make political endorsements .
The opinions expressed in stories posted on this web site are the authors ' own .
This story was published on January 29 , 2008 .
Forced to cancel a planned visit to an oil platform off the Mississippi coast last week because of inclement weather -- and the untimely leaking of hundreds of thousands of gallons of oil by a shipwreck in the vicinity -- John McCain finally got his photo op at a Bakersfield derrick on July 28 .
Speaking on site , the Arizona senator delivered extraordinarily good news to the beleaguered gasoline - consuming public as he explained why we must drill offshore .
Based on briefings that Sen. McCain says he received from " the oil producers , " he said , " There are some instances [ that ] within a matter of months they could be getting additional oil .
In some cases , it would be a matter of a year .
In some cases it could take longer than that , depending on the location and whether you use existing rigs or you have to install new rigs , but there 's abundant resources in the view of the people who are in the business that could be exploited within a period of months . "
The prospect of significant new petroleum resources that could be available so soon would be excellent news -- aside from the obvious impact of burning still more oil -- if only what the senator said was true .
But what he said actually made no sense whatsoever , as a statement about the future development of domestic oil , the alleged need to increase drilling off our coasts or the resources that such drilling might produce .
So let 's unpack that McCain statement ( which was overshadowed by the news that his dermatologist had just removed a small lesion from the 71 - year - old melanoma survivor 's right cheek ) .
Sign up : Free daily newsletter Sign up !
It may be true that " existing rigs " could produce additional barrels of domestic oil immediately , whether on land or in the ocean , as Sen. McCain suggests .
If so , he might want to ask his friends in the oil business why those rigs are n't producing more oil now , at prices above $ 120 a barrel .
An existing rig by definition is a rig that is operating legally on property already leased for exploration -- and can produce oil unencumbered by any environmental constraints on drilling .
In case the senator does n't understand , an existing rig is where someone has already drilled a well .
Where companies would have to install new rigs , the question is whether a lease already exists or whether the government would have to grant a new lease .
New drilling on the Outer Continental Shelf would mean new leases that are now illegal .
But as the Associated Press reported last month , nearly 75 percent of the existing leases on federal lands held by petroleum companies are currently producing no oil .
Those companies today hold nearly 30 million acres dormant , according to the AP .
Nobody in the federal government even knows whether any exploration has taken place over the past decade .
Perhaps Sen. McCain should ask his friends in the industry why they are n't exploring or producing on the leases they already control .
A truthful answer would be that those leases count as financial assets whether productive or not -- and adding to them enhances an oil firm 's bottom line .
The senator should also ask an oil company executive to step forward and explain how any new offshore oil lease can produce petroleum within the next few months or even a year .
If that is possible , then the Department of Energy analysis of future domestic oil production is scandalously wrong .
The department 's Energy Information Agency released a study last year predicting that granting access to new offshore leases would not begin to produce any actual oil until around 2020 , and would have no " significant impact on domestic crude oil and natural gas production or prices before 2030 , " if ever .
As the Republican presidential nominee -- and a putative environmentalist -- he suddenly seems eager to exploit voter discontent over high gasoline prices to promote offshore drilling .
He may even think he can ride the energy crisis into the White House .
Voters may or may not believe the Senator 's silly claims about his " briefings " from oilmen , which mainly seem to have involved handing over a fat check .
Indeed , so far the only beneficiary of his offshore drilling offensive is the McCain presidential war chest .
The Washington Post recently reported that the oil industry " gushed money after [ his ] reversal on oil drilling " last month .
They never gave him that kind of money when he talked straight .
COPYRIGHT 2008 CREATORS SYNDICATE , INC .
Joe Conason writes for the New York Observer .
See Other Political Commentaries
See Other Commentary by Joe Conason .
Views expressed in this column are those of the author , not those of Rasmussen Reports .
About my work at Tiny SPRL , the editor of OpenERP
Fail and You It 's been called a lot of things : utility computing , grid computing , distributed computing , and now cloud computing .
You can come up with any CTO - friendly name you like , but they all mean the same shit : Renting your quickly depreciating physical assets out because your software company is out of ideas for computer programs .
Amazon 's EC2 was likely the brainchild of a mid-level ops director who overbought for a data center and had to come up with a way to save his own ass .
Use a free , open source project like Xen for virtualization , give it a sunshine - up - the - ass name like Elastic Compute Cloud , and start pulling in all those venture capital dollars like Cisco and Sun did during the first dotcom catastrophe .
Fuck me , give that man a raise .
Unfortunately , Bezos and company are a day late and a buck short .
This time around , we 're working with substantially less money and substantially more developer incompetence .
A Cloud Is Easier To Draw On A Whiteboard Than A Grid
EC2 is very popular with the Web 2.0 crowd , which is strange , considering the hurdles that these Javascript all - stars need to overcome .
The first , and presumably most difficult , is that Amazon wants money in exchange for their services .
That 's a stark realization for a budding young social network developer : Web 2.0 runs on cash , not hugs .
Who would have thunk it ?
Once you 're past that , there 's the matter of reliability .
In my experience with it , EC2 is fairly reliable , but you really need to be on your shit with data replication , because when it fails , it fails hard .
My pager once went off in the middle of the night , bringing me out of an awesome dream about motorcycles , machine guns , and general ass - kickery , to tell me that one of the production machines stopped responding to ping .
Seven or so hours later , I got an e-mail from Amazon that said something to the effect of :
There was a bad hardware failure .
Hope you backed up your shit .
Look at it this way : at least you do n't have a tapeworm .
- The Amazon EC2 Team
Datacenter hardware will bend you over your desk every now and then - no matter who owns it .
If it 's yours , though , you can send some poor bloke down to the server room in the wee hours of the morning and cattle - prod constant status updates out of him .
As a paying EC2 customer , all you 're entitled to is basic support , which amounts to airing your grievances on a message board and hoping that somebody at Amazon is reading .
Being the straight - up gangster that I am , I luvz me some phone - screamin ' , and I just can't get that kind of satisfaction from Amazon .
Of course , I could pay more for extended support , but it would be nice if the fucking thing just worked .
What You Looking At , Google ?
You Want A Piece Of This ?
While I 'm running my mouth off here , I might as well take a swing at Wonka 's Chocolate Factory .
Google App Engine launched with great fanfare from the Python community .
" Finally , " they said , " somebody has figured out how to make Python scale . "
The thought is that any developer will be able to run his Twitter - Facebook mashup on the same framework that Google uses to run their apps .
Infinite , magical scalability that you do n't have to think about , data storage that you do n't have to manage , and a language that 's easy to program .
Sounds great !
That 's all well and good , but something tells me that the Google search engine ( you know , the thing that makes money ) is n't written in Python , making this just a proper beat off for the web programming community .
I have further evidence .
I have yet to see a program more impressive than a task and time manager running on the Engine .
Killer app , indeed .
Google App Engine offers a developer all of the things that he would look down his nose at an ops manager to provide : data storage , web hosting and caching .
Web developers are too busy to worry about the app to figure out why the database is running slow .
No , it could n't be a grotesquely complex query anywhere in my code .
It 's a database problem .
The DBA must have fucked something up in the config .
Yeah , that 's it .
If those DBAs were n't always down at the pub , we could get some real work done around here .
I do have to give both Google and Amazon some credit , though .
Both noticed that the only ones to make any real money off of the California gold rush were the outfitters who sold mining equipment .
Cloud Computing 's Next Form : Green Tech
As time goes on and venture capitalists get pitched , this technology will continue to change names to mask its stagnation .
The next time around , it will be pitched as a " green " technology .
Why ruin the environment with your data center ?
You can run a social media website and still love the earth .
Energy - efficient computers powered by sunshine .
This will be an instant hit .
There will be greenhouse gas output dashboards with neat little Ajax widgets .
You 'll have calculators to figure out how much to pay for carbon offsets each month .
Do n't believe me ?
Follow the money .
" Green " technology is the most efficient , modern way to capitalize on liberal guilt .
You also get to pass it off as altruism .
Combine that with a web development community that runs on self - satisfaction and you 've got a recipe for profit .
Best of all , you can squeeze money out of an investor for this by making him feel ashamed to be a person of means .
What started as a noble cause has finally finished its devolution into a racket .
No matter what the name , you , the developer , will still be dealing reliability and accountability .
Using someone else 's infrastructure for your application will forever be a business risk , but it sounds so much less so with a cuddly name .
Your CTO will fall for the next cycle pretty easily .
The compunction he feels for his latest data center build - out will outweigh the downsides of an external dependency .
Al Gore even said so . ®
Ted Dziuba is a co-founder at Milo.com
You can read his regular Reg column , Fail and You , every other Monday .
As is often the case in looking through the early - ish issue of Scientific American , I usually find much more than what I was originally looking for , finding a lot that I had no idea that I needed to find , mostly because I had never heard of them before .
And so grazing though the 1877 volume of the Scientific American Supplement I found in the weekly chess review in the back of each issue an extraordinary image and title :
I was tempted to add " Pre- Escherian " in the title to this post , but that would put the thing way over the top -- but that is what came to mind first , a polished gazing ball with an interesting perspective .
This was meant to illustrate an imaginary dialog between two astronomer - chess players ( Richard A. Proctor and John Tyndall , though Tyndall 's interests were spread far and wide and deep and then not so much in astronomy ) , both of whom had made contributions to astronomical spectroscopy .
Further into the short article there was a little discussion of Dante and sunspots , which I was not aware of , though when I went looking for that reference I did find the following chess quote in Paradiso ( Canto XXVIII ) with our Poet in the ninth heaven :
" So sparkled then those circles all and each And every spark did more and more abound , In fiery light and so their number grew , Beyond the chess board 's doubling problem 's bound "
And another translation
" And after she had finished with her speaking , The circles all around began to sparkle , Like red - hot iron shooting off bright sparks .
Each sparkle stayed within its fiery ring ,
So many that their number runs to more , Millions than the redoubling of the chessboard . "
Moving on from the sunspots mentioned in the SA article , it has been pointed out by many that in the quote above that Dante may be referring to an earlier chess story , told at least by the 12th century , where the inventor of the game of chess agreed to give it over to the king if the king paid him in grains of wheat based upon the chess board , starting with one grain in the first square and then doubling the amount until the last square is reached .
The big surprise for the king who agreed to this payment was a very fine lesson in the quick - as - a - bunny doubling sequences : you 'd move from 1 to 2 to 4 to 8 to 16 to 32 to 64 to 138 to 276 just in the first rank , 56 more squares of doubling to go , until you summed them all up on square 64 and find yourself with the number 18,446,744,073,709,551,615 , which is a big number .
Bigger still if you consider that this is in terms of wheat , and I figured the weight of that wheat to be about 4 trillion kg , 4 trillion being about the equivalent of stars in 40 Milky Way galaxies .
Even though the article was very heavy in the discussion of some real games , and light in the inclusion of our astronomers and their conversation , everything winds up and out in a whimsical fashion , with a discussion of Gutenberg and spell - check .
The author tells us :
" It would take but little argument to show that a mere oversight of Guttenburg 's [ sic ] proof - reader made the world believe the moon was composed of cheese instead of chess " .
And so it goes .
19th century astronomy / chess humor , as whacky as it gets .
The ISI 's role is complex .
It has backed tribal militias to take on foreign militants in the tribal areas ; and at other times it appears to be fighting an internal war as several deadly attacks by Islamic militants with links to the agency have been launched against ISI officers .
All those hundreds of TV channels may lead you that there 's a true diversity and variety in today 's television ... but you 'd be wrong .
A handful of large companies control what you see , hear , and read every day .
Let 's take a look at who owns what on television - here are the TV channels owned by 6 of the largest companies in media , as depicted by their logos :
General Electric
General Electric is a true behemoth : the conglomerate is the world 's third largest company with market capitalization of nearly $ 370 billion and annual revenue of $ 173 billion ( 2007 ) .
The company produces practically everything - from aircraft engine to locomotives to medical devices .
GE 's media holding includes television networks NBC and Telemundo , 27 television stations in the United States and many cable TV networks , including the History Channel , A&E , and Sci Fi Channel .
It also owns the popular web - based TV website Hulu .
Update 7/8/08 : A&E is co-owned by The Hearst Corporation and ABC , which in turn is owned by Disney .
Time Warner
Time Warner is the world 's largest media and entertainment company - it owns major operations in film , TV , print , Internet , and telecommunications .
Time Warner has an annual revenue of $ 50.5 billion ( 2008 ) - the equivalent of the entire GDP of Luxembourg .
Like cartoons ?
Time Warner 's got you covered with Cartoon Network and Adult Swim .
Classic movies ?
Check ( Turner Classic Movies ) .
And who can forget CNN and Headline News ?
Both are Time Warner properties .
( Note : CW is co-owned by Time Warner and CBS ) .
The Walt Disney Company
You may associate it with amusement parks , but The Walt Disney Company has grown to be one of the world 's largest media and entertainment corporation since its founding as an animation studio by brothers Walt and Roy Disney in 1923 .
The Walt Disney Company owns the ABC television network , with more 200 affiliated stations reaching nearly 100 % of all U.S. television market , as well as dozens of niche cable networks .
True to its cartoon animation origin , Disney captures its viewers early - it counts millions of young children as its audience with kids channels like the Disney Channel .
News Corporation
Rupert Murdoch 's News Corporation is a behemoth : it is the largest media company in the world by market capitalization ( $ 38 billion ) .
For most people , the conservative news channel
Fox comes foremost to mind when asked what they think of Murdoch 's media empire - but the company 's holding is far larger : it includes Asia 's Star TV Network , the National Geographic Channel and even the iconic TV Guide network .
Do n't watch TV ?
Even if you prefer to browse the Internet , most likely you 've visited News Corp 's property , which include Hulu ( owned in partnership with GE through its subsidiary NBC Universal ) and the social networking giant MySpace .
CBS
CBS ( which used to stand for the Columbia Broadcasting System ) is not sometimes called the Tiffany Network for nothing : the company is known for its high programming quality .
It is currently the most watched television network in the United States , and reached more than 103 million homes in the country .
Both CBS and Viacom ( see below ) are owned by multi-billionaire Sumner " content is king " Redstone , through his holding company National Amusements .
Viacom
Viacom stands for " Video and Audio Communication " - and true to that name , the company owns a large number of cable and satellite television networks ( the company was split from CBS Corporation in 2005 , though both have the same majority owner ) .
In 2007 , Viacom filed a $ 1 billion lawsuit against Google and YouTube for copyright infringement and recently a federal judge granted Viacom 's request for data of all YouTube users .
The blogosphere has since called for a boycott of all Viacom properties - so that means no MTV , VH1 , Nickelodeon or - gasp - Comedy Central for you !
For some reason , the White House feels comfortable accusing Congress of not working hard enough .
White House spokesman Tony Fratto said Tuesday that Senate Democrats " put off a lot of work " when they left town last week without passing several pending bills .
" They 've been in session for a long time , and some very critical pieces of legislation got put off for yet another recess , " Fratto said .
This , of course , is hilarious , given the source .
" The Daily Show " turned its attention Wednesday [ Aug. 17 , 2007 ] to presidential vacations , commenting briefly on French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's visit to President Bush in Kennebunkport before asking " Senior Western White House Correspondent " Samantha Bee about Bush 's return to Crawford , TX .
" This place is abuzz with expectation , " said Bee excitedly .
" It 's no longer a question of if the president will break the record , but when . "
" Most vacation days taken by a sitting president , " Bee explained when Jon Stewart asked what record she meant .
" People said that Reagan 's 436 would stand forever , but right now , as you can see , this president stands on 423 , meaning his record should fall less than two weeks from today .
And they said it should n't be done . "
Does the president 's spokesman really want to complain about lawmakers who " put off a lot of work " ?
The chemistry flops : Pupils baffled by O - level exams from the Sixties
Chemistry pupils have flunked O - level questions from 50 years ago , deepening fears that the subject is being dumbed down .
The teenagers were unable to answer questions from the 1960s and 1970s set by the Royal Society of Chemistry .
The average mark for the 1960s questions was just 16 per cent .
Focused : A 1960 chemistry class
Yesterday , the society warned that pupils are no longer tested in rigorous problem - solving and are instead guided to the right answers .
It said that modern exams use questions that require only one or two lines of working .
Even bright pupils were baffled by many of the old questions , said the RSC chief executive , Richard Pike .
He added : ' There is no doubt that the clever pupils are as sharp as they ever were , but most are being stifled by an educational system that does not encourage more detailed problem - solving and rigorous thinking . '
Two thousand 16 - year - olds from 450 schools entered the online competition , which involved sitting a two - hour paper made up of chemistry O - levels and GCSEs from the past five decades .
Test your chemistry knowledge : Can you answer these ?
Eight questions were selected from each of the 1960s , 1970s , 1980s , 1990s and 2000s and mixed up so pupils could not identify the source decade .
Questions from the first three decades came from Olevel papers and for the latter two from GCSE papers - and most required numerical calculations .
Overall , the students scored just 25 per cent .
But while the average mark for questions from 2000 onwards was 35 per cent , for the 1960s it was just 16 per cent .
Pupils did better as the decades rolled on , with a big leap between the 1980s and 1990s , when GCSEs replaced O - levels .
The average mark on the 1980s questions was 22 per cent - against 35 per cent for the 1990s and 2000s .
One pupil wrote about a ' radioactive leek ' while another said a handful of baking soda weighs almost 10,000 times the weight of Earth .
About a quarter of pupils incorrectly suggested that nuclear power was a sustainable fuel .
Last year in GCSE chemistry , 46.9 per cent of candidates achieved an A or A * and 90.9 per cent achieved at least a C .
Mr Pike said the RSC 's test results would be analysed and a report presented to the education and science communities .
A RSC spokesman said the apparent lack of problem - solving skills among pupils is ' a major issue for universities and employers ' , who needed students with these abilities so they could stay internationally competitive .
At OSCON '08 , Evan ' Rabble ' Henshaw - Plath and Kellan Elliott - McCrea presented " Beyond REST ?
Building Data Services with XMPP PubSub " .
Robert Kaye reported on the presentation :
Kellan talked about FriendFeed , a site that lets their users know when their friends share new items .
In this example , Kellan pointed out that FriendFeed polls Flickr 2.9 million times in order to check on updates for 45 thousand users .
And of those 45 thousand users , only 6.7 thousand are logged in at any one time .
This of course , its a poor way of checking for changed content .
Kellan says : " Polling sucks ! "
To solve this problem its key to leave standard REST web services behind and find a way to use message passing , which is a direct communication way of notifying users of changed content .
Polling , in this context , means using a RESTful webservice to GET updates for each user .
In contrast , PubSub ( Publish / Subscribe ) is an architectural approach that uses an asynchronous message passing protocol where publishers are decoupled from any subscribers .
These characteristics make PubSub a scalable choice for scenarios where update notifications need to be sent to a large number of clients .
In the presentation , Evan and Rabble described the advantages of Jabber - a PubSub service based on XMPP ( Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol ) :
XMPP works over persistent connections
It it stateful ( SSL becomes cheap ) Designed as an event stream protocol Natively federated and asynchronous Identity , security and presence are built in .
Jabber servers are built and deployed to do this stuff .
The presentation generated a lot of discussion .
Kirk Wylie suggested that a MOM ( Mesage Oriented Middleware ) based system such as AMQP is really what is needed here , while Joshua Schacter ( del.icio.us founder ) added his voice to the debate by pointing out that a simpler approach based on HTTP Callbacks could be used :
Simply described , instead of polling frequently , a client would send a normal HTTP request with the resource to be subscribed to and an endpoint to deliver updates to : http://your.app/subscribe?resource=/some/user&callback=http://my.app/endpoint
Presumably the endpoint would then receive RSS item fragments when and only when that resource updated .
For security , the exchange should include some kind of token , borrowing from the appropriate protocols .
The subscription would lapse after , say , 24 hours , or that could be passed in as a parameter .
Commentors pointed out that such a system already exists : Webhooks .
Rabble provided his thoughts on using Callbacks :
So there are a couple things , the ping back system is something which we had thought about putting a slide in for .
Clearly being able to do ping backs / web hooks seems like a good pattern , maybe anti-pattern ?
It works out that creating a big scale web hooks system you end up with aggregator / crawler problems .
Definitely doable .
With XMPP we get that functionality with federation and a nicer interface .
We also can potentially add some delegated auth over it .
An approach such as Webhooks is potentially a lot simpler than using Jabber / XMPP , however Blaine Cook thought that the complexity is warranted :
If we 're arguing that this system needs to be usable by 10 - line PHP scripts , then a poorly implemented outgoing message queue is par for the course .
At a moderate scale ( 10000 users , 50 contacts each , 1/5 off - site , 2 posts per day ) , you 're looking at 2.3 remote HTTP requests per second , which is n't nothing .
While using PubSub for notifications is a good architectural approach , many took issue with the title of the presentation .
Dare Obasanjo summed it up best , pointing out that REST is not a Golden Hammer :
[ Thus ] this is n't a case of REST not scaling as implied by Evan and Kellan 's talk .
This is a case of using the wrong tool to solve your problem because it happens to work well in a different scenario .
If nothing else , the discussion has highlighted the fact that consideration of the usage patterns of API consumers plays a large part in determining an appropriate design .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US anthrax victim Robert Stevens ' widow has called it " shocking " that army scientist Bruce Ivins was allowed near anthrax when he was " certifiable " .
Maureen Stevens thanked the FBI for their investigation into Mr Ivins , who killed himself last week after being told he was to be charged .
But she said the US government was ultimately responsible for her husband 's death in 2001 .
Mr Stevens was one of five people killed by anthrax - laced letters .
" He was not just a little bit weird - he was certifiable , and he had been for years , " said Mrs Stevens of Ivins .
" It is now time for the United States of America to own up to its responsibility to my family and to right this wrong that resulted in the loss of my beloved husband and my children 's beloved father , " she told a Florida press conference .
UK - born Mrs Stevens filed a $ 50 m ( £ 26 m ) lawsuit in 2003 claiming the US government was ultimately responsible for her husband 's death .
She blamed lax security at the Maryland army research centre where Mr Ivins worked before her husband 's death - even though at the time it had not been established the anthrax was stolen from the labs .
9/11 trauma Robert Stevens - who worked as a photo editor at American Media Inc - died from pulmonary anthrax in October 2001 after inhaling spores of the deadly bacteria contained in a contaminated letter .
ANTHRAX PANIC , 2001 First anthrax - laced letter is mailed on 18 Sept , 2001 Florida sees first of five deaths , three weeks later
The dead are two postal workers in Washington , a New York hospital worker , a Florida photo editor and an elderly woman in Connecticut Panicked Americans try to stock up on antibiotic Cipro Postal depots shut for de-contamination ; mail is irradiated Senate offices shut for weeks Hoaxes become an almost daily occurrence Plans to deal with a biological weapons attack updated
He was the first of five people killed in the nationwide anthrax outbreak , which infected 17 other people , shut down parts of Washington DC and terrorised an already anxious American public in the wake of the 11 September attacks .
The weapons - grade anthrax was posted in letters to a number of people and institutions .
In addition to those directly infected , another 35,000 people were forced to take precautionary antibiotics .
Mrs Stevens claimed in her lawsuit that the US government was negligent because it failed to safeguard strains of the deadly anthrax bacteria at the army 's disease research centre in Maryland .
She said the government " owed a duty of care , the highest degree of care " in handling of anthrax and supervising employees who had access to it .
Mr Ivins was a microbiologist who was working on an anthrax antidote at the time .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
ARE YOU A BIG SPENDER ?
If you ’re wealthy , or can run business expenses through your card , you can earn six figures in miles from card spending alone each year .
A huge mileage balance gives you the ability to exchange those miles for premium - class overseas tickets , which could cost $ 10,000 or more if you bought them with cash .
Miles are worth a lot more if you redeem them for this sort of travel .
DO YOU VALUE UPGRADES ?
It can be easier to get upgrades from coach using miles than it is to book free seats .
Business travelers value the ability to get better seats when employers wo n’t pay for them , and leisure travelers may be willing to burn piles of miles for upgrades to seats they would n’t otherwise be able to afford .
So if you ’re a big spending frequent traveler and think the value is still there in trading miles for upgrades , you may want to keep collecting miles via credit card spending .
If you ’re ready to switch to a new primary credit card , however , here are three other types of rewards cards that will probably be most appealing :
CASHBACK CARDS
These cards give you money back based on what you charge .
Sometimes the money comes as a credit toward your balance , and sometimes you get a check .
You may get the money quickly , or it can take more than a year .
The average card gives you 1 percent of everything you spend , but others offer much higher yields .
The American Express Blue Cash card is good for big spenders .
Once you ’ve spent $ 6,500 in a year , starting on the date you got the card , you get 5 percent back for purchases at gas stations , drug and grocery stores and 1.5 percent everywhere else .
For that first $ 6,500 , you get 1 percent at those three types of stores and 0.5 percent elsewhere .
There ’s no limit on what you can earn in a year and no annual fee .
If you spend a bit less and patronize merchants who do n’t take American Express , the Pentagon Federal Credit Union ’s Visa Platinum Gas Cash Reward card is a good choice .
You earn 5 percent back for gas purchases you make at the pump , 2 percent back at grocery stores and 1.25 percent everywhere else .
There ’s no limit on what you can earn in a year .
If you do n’t meet the normal eligibility requirements , you can still qualify for PenFed credit union membership by joining the National Military Family Association for $ 20 , a good investment for this otherwise fee - free credit card .
One other footnote here : Issuers of the Delta and United credit cards have made it possible to essentially trade each mile for a penny that can be used to buy seats on a plane .
A good cashback card will yield a better return than availing yourself of this particular option , though .
Revealed : How High Street bank Lloyds TSB dishes out debit cards to children as young as 11
A High Street bank is giving children debit cards that could let them buy cigarettes , alcohol and porn videos over the internet .
Lloyds TSB is mailing the cards direct to children as young as 11 without telling their parents .
One 15 - year - old boy used his to buy cheap cigarettes , Viagra and a fake adult ID online .
Children as young as 11 are being sent Visa cards through the post , giving them spending power without checks or controls
MPs , consumer groups and parents have reacted with horror .
LibDem Treasury spokesman Vince Cable said : ' It is deeply dispiriting .
This is clearly motivated by short - term greed . '
In the past , children aged 11 to 15 who hold current accounts were restricted to debit cards that could be used only in cash machines or at bank branches .
The new cards could let them spend large sums on the web , potentially emptying their accounts , without their parents ' knowledge .
The cards are Visa - enabled , meaning they can be used anywhere that displays a Visa sign .
The bank takes a fee from the retailer every time a card is used .
Lloyds TSB insists it is up to parents to keep a check on how children use the cards and says there are safeguards to ensure they can not be used on adult websites .
But the 15 - year - old , from South Wales , had no problem buying goods supposedly restricted to adults .
His parents found out only when they received a Customs demand for duty on the cigarettes , which had been bought from a website based overseas .
MAHOOD : ' Erm , could I borrow your debit card tonight , son ? '
The boy 's father contacted Lloyds TSB , who admitted that other parents had also complained .
Dr Cable accused the bank of trying to ' seduce ' customers at an early age .
He said : ' We know people are more likely to change their husband or wife than their bank .
' Once banks have got someone hooked , they keep them for most of their lives .
This is a way of seducing new customers , but a really irresponsible and dangerous way .
' You would have thought banks might have learned some lessons from their irresponsible lending on credit cards and mortgages .
' But now they seem to be compounding the problems by adopting the grossly irresponsible policy of encouraging youngsters to spend on these debit cards . '
Chris Tapp , director of the money education charity Credit Action , said : ' It goes against common sense for banks to cut parents out of the loop ...
Parents need to have some control over how children are spending their money .
' Children may be swayed by advertising or other influences to make an impulse buy .
Some may end up buying things that are unwise .
' We all know about the monsters that lurk on the internet in terms of the things that you can access with a card . '
Lloyds TSB claimed it was simply falling into line with its rivals .
But most other banks only offer cards to under - 16s that allow limited withdrawals from cash machines .
These are also sent to parents , rather than direct to children .
Licence to buy : Lloyds TSB have been mailing Visa cards to children as young as 11
Barclays does offer a Visa - enabled card to children of 11 and above , but it requires the written permission of their parent or guardian .
The father of the 15 - year - old , who asked not to be named , believes Lloyds TSB is promoting illegal activity .
He said : ' I pointed out to them that by enabling children to purchase goods illegally over the internet , they were aiding and abetting a crime .
' Their response was that it was not down to them to monitor other people 's children , and that teenagers who were brought up well would not abuse this facility .
' It was not their policy to inform parents as they would expect the children to do so . '
Lloyds TSB said last night : ' We wrote to customers under the age of 16 , who previously had a cash machine card , to let them know they could have a debit card .
' We made it clear that they should let their parents know .
Parents or guardians can ask for the cards to be blocked . '
The spokesman defended the fact the bank does not tell parents directly .
He said : ' We do n't always have the parents ' contact details or know the family 's circumstances .
There are cases where the child might bank with us but the parent might not . '
The bank could not say how many cards have been sent out but it is thought to be many thousands .
Lloyds TSB claims to have a unique system to stop purchases from adult sites .
The spokesman said : ' If the card is used to on certain websites , a Visa flag would come up and the purchase would not go through . '
The bank said web retailers should check customers ' ages , adding : ' A debit card is not proof of age .
If you are buying alcohol or X - rated videos , there is a duty on the merchant to verify the age of the customer . '
Lloyds TSB said it was willing to investigate how the 15 - year - old boy could buy cigarettes , Viagra and a fake ID despite the safeguards .
' We would expect to be able to put a block on those purchases , ' the spokesman said .
by : Contributor
Learn More →
How to Recognize Authentic Hull Pottery .
Hull pottery is a popular collectors item , often imitated .
Recognizing genuine pieces of hull pottery is as simple as knowing what marks and finish details to look for .
The ability to spot a fake will save ...
Most avid World of Warcraft players do n't wonder too much about what it would be like to truly run as often and as far as their avatars , because a. ) that sounds hard and b. ) they 're too busy wondering would it would be like to run at all .
Nonetheless , some crafty young WoWers managed to hook up a couple of treadmills and joysticks to their computers in such a way as to simulate running across Azeroth .
Even when some handicaps were programmed into the system , the ( sort of ) reality was clear : WoW characters are FAST .
This is a funny concept in the first place , because as anyone who has played WoW know , you do a LOT of running .
Miles upon virtual miles of terrain can be covered in a short session , usually at a pretty fast clip .
The guys over at Manapotions.com went to great lengths to estimate the actual speed of their avatars , then built a surprisingly effective apparatus out of some old treadmills , bikes wheels and optical mice ( for speed tracking ) .
The results was kind of like the ultimate expression of the Wii " get involved in the game " ethos , except with 1000 % more exertion and 97 % less fun .
Click through to see the build process and gameplay notes .
[ Mana Potions ]
Advertisement
Josh Peek has been a defacto Rails core committer for a while , but for some reason we ’ve never actually made the appointment official .
So here it goes : Josh Peek is the latest Rails core team member .
Three cheers hurray !
Josh has been working on a Google Summer of Code project to bring thread safety to Rails and is just about ready to wrap it up .
Rails 2.2 will be thread safe thanks to the work that Josh has put into it .
Of more importance , though , is the significant effort put into making things faster and cleaner as part of that push .
The actual thread safety wo n’t really matter much to most people , but it ’ll surely look nice on your enterprisey check list of Features Your Framework Must Have To Get Play Around Here .
In any case , please welcome Josh !
Why power outages are bad for your data
1. Introduction
A lot of people assume that when power is cut from their computer , it should be able to handle that gracefully and no data should be lost .
Unfortunately , it is not that simple .
For a lot of people the risk is low , but when you 're using your computer even slightly more seriously and your data is equally important , you might want to consider using a UPS .
This article explains what happens to the hardware and software when the power fails and the possible consequences it has .
It should give you enough insight to decide whether you need a UPS or not .
2 . What happens hardware - wise
2.1 . Direct result
When the power fails , no individual component gets a clean shutdown command ; power is just removed .
When this happens , some parts of the machine may last longer than other parts .
One of the first things that will happen , is that the memory DIMMs will no longer be refreshed properly ( DRAM needs to be refreshed constantly otherwise it will lose its data ) and very rapidly , the memory will contain only garbage .
The hard drives and DMA controller however , will run a bit longer ; so if data is being written to disk , the DMA controller will keep reading data from memory , but it has no idea that this data is corrupted .
Some file systems are more sensitive to this kind of failure , because of the different kinds of journaling they do .
There are certain machines which are protected against this type of data corruption , by having the power supply send an interrupt to the operating system when power fails , but ordinary class PC hardware does not .
There is another side to this story , however .
Researchers have shown that encryption keys can be retreived from memory minutes after the computer has been shut down .
This would suggest that the memory does n't corrupt so quickly at all when power is removed .
However , because machines are still unstable when you decrease the refresh cycle of your RAM , it is apparent that some corruption still occurs .
2.2 . Indirect result
Not directly related to a power loss as much as any kind of shutdown , is the fact that hard drives which have reached a certain age tend to die when the machine is powered up again .
This does n't necessarily happen immediately , but can take a few days .
Additionally , you can imagine what will happen in this scenario when you have an array of identical disks of equal age ; always put spare disks in your array , in power safe mode so they do n't wear down .
3 . What happens software - wise
3.1 . Disk cache
Disk write cache is used to collect and delay transfers to the disks in favor of speed , because memory is faster than disks .
When you shut down a machine when there is uncommitted data in the cache , you will lose this data , or corrupt it because only part of the cache is written .
This can be illustrated very nicely by booting your Linux machine with the kernel parameter " init=/bin / bash " .
This will start a shell instead of the initialization procedure .
You can then edit files , like /etc / shadow , should you want to reset your password .
If you then press ctrl - alt - del without running the " sync " command to commit the disk cache first , your changes will not be committed to disk .
There are different kind of cache systems in existence .
Two important ones for write cache are write - through and write - back .
The former is safe , because it reports the data as written when the data is committed to disk .
The latter is unsafe , because it reports the data as written when it has been written to cache , while it has n't been written to disk yet .
Even when you have a UPS it 's unsafe , because there are several other reaons when power can suddenly disappear .
Write - back cache is used in a lot of disks these days .
If possible , you may want to consider turning it off .
3.2. ( Encrypted ) file systems
Most people will think that because of journaling , file systems are protected against power failures .
It 's true that filesystems with journaling are more robust than those without , but it should be clear by now there are some things the file system cannot protect against .
Then of course , there are different ways that journaling can be done .
Ext3 is more resillient against power failures then XFS and ReiserFS , because ext3 does physical block journaling .
Ext4 , however , by default does something called " delayed allocation , " which means that meta - data is saved more often than the data itself .
In the event of a power failure , this can data corruption , for obvious reasons .
Linux Torvalds has an outspoken opinion against delayed allocation .
As the Gentoo Wiki states , you are even more susceptible to data loss in the event of a power failure when using an encrypted file system .
The reason for this , is that hard disks are block devices .
Normally , if a few bits are flipped as you write it to disk , you can take advantage of properties inherent in the data ( depending on what it is ) to recover it .
At the very least , you only lose a bit of the block .
Should the block be encrypted and trashed as it is written , the flipped bit will cause decryption of that block to fail , so it is all lost .
Entropy of most computer data on disk is quite low , while encrypted data is essentially indistinguishable from true random ; guessing gets a lot harder .
Additionally , it is possible for multiple subsequent blocks to also be lost due to the initialization vectors used in IV chaining being unrecoverable .
This depends on whether or not you 're using them , how the cipher is configured , and other factors , but is a consideration .
3.3 . ( Linux software ) RAID
Linux software RAID , and any RAID basically , needs to know if the disks of the array are still properly matched to eachother when the array is initialized .
When power fails , or when you press reset , they will be in a " dirty " state , and the system may need to recreate the array .
That is , if it can .
I 've never tried it , but I can imagine that a RAID0 can be completely destroyed by a power failure .
But , do n't take my word for that ...
Modern Linux kernels ( 2.6.16 and newer ) and raid tools ( mdadm 2.4.1 and newer ) luckily have a precaution against that , namely a write intent bitmap .
When using Linux software RAID , I 'd advise you to enable this .
There are enough resources on the internet where you can find how , like the Gentoo Wiki .
Unfortunately , write intent bitmaps are very slow .
When you have the protection of a UPS , not using a write intent bitmap becomes more acceptable .
3.4 . Databases
When you use a database system with ( good ) transaction support , data corruption will not happen when the power is removed .
That is , when you 're using disks that do n't lie about their cache status ( see above ) .
You will , of course , lose all the uncommitted transactions , which can be annoying in itself .
When you 're running a database without transaction support , like MySQL MyISAM , data corruption is of course likely .
Applications like LDAP directories , source control management repositories , etc , are also potentially susceptible to the same kind of failures , depending on if and how well they use transactions .
Like I describe in my backup article , it 's also important to make scheduled dumps of such applications , to make sure have a backup in a robust , self - contained archive .
4. Surge protection
UPSes also protect against surges on the mains power .
However , only an online UPS ( the expensive sort ) does it properly , by always running the load from the battery .
The offline variety merely uses MOVs , which is exactly the same thing as those ordinary power strips with surge protection .
The effectiveness of those things can be questioned because of delay time , impedance ( resistance ) of the safety earth , longetivy of the MOVs because of frequent surges , etc .
The internet is filled with information about the fallibility of MOV surge protection .
The surge protection on UPSes also often includes protection for ethernet and / or telephone networks .
I really advice against using those .
When there is a surge , the MOVs temporarily short the line containing the surge with the safety earth , but it will also connect the data networks to it .
This safety earth , however , does not have infinitely low impedance , and therefore it 's possible that some of the excess current will travel up the network , as opposed to down the safety earth .
The exact details of this are more complex than this , but as always , the internet is your tool should you want to find out more .
5. Recommendation
It should come as no suprise that I would advise a UPS if your data is important to you , especially when the machine in question is heavily used data - wise ( with a lot of writing to the disks ) , like an office file server , or when it uses a database of some sort .
And even more so if you use XFS or ReiserFS .
It 's also convenient to have your external USB disk , router , cable modem , telephone switch , or similar devices on the UPS .
The router and network switches is particularly neat , because then the machine can notify you ( by e-mail or SMS ) of the power failure , and possible connections from the internet ( like your SSH shell ... ) will be maintained .
5.1 . Selecting a UPS
In my experience , servers often use a lot less power than you 'd think ( at work , our dual core 1.8 GHz Intel with three disks only uses about 100W ) , so you do n't really need a big UPS .
I 'd advice getting / borrowing a power / VA meter to gauge the power use of the machine in question , and size the UPS accordingly .
When doing so , remember that it will use more power when the CPU is highly utilized .
Our 500 VA APC CS 500 can supply one server , one pentium - 100 ( internet router ) , phone switch and network switch for about 15 minutes .
It 's loaded at 40 % under normal use .
I would not connect a CRT monitor to a UPS .
When the degaussing coil of the picture tube is triggered ( when the monitor is turned on for example ) , an enormous surge of current is drawn .
When you 're running on battery power , this is enough to make computers connected to it reboot .
Should the connected devices ever start on battery power , each connected device will suffer a momentary power outage because of the high current drawn by the degaussing coil of the monitor .
This kind of outage is not very good for your hardware .
Besides , what use does it have to run the monitor off a UPS ?
The primary function of a UPS is to avoid data corruption because of an ugly shutdown , not because you are too lazy to save your work all the time ...
I wrote a review of the APC CS - 650 , which may help you in choosing the proper UPS .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Charles Knight writes
In October of last year a Boston - area activist called me and reported that he ’d recently visited an antiwar Massachusetts congressperson in order to urge that more be done to get the US out of Iraq quickly and completely .
Representative Jim McGovern ( MA - 03 - D ) had replied that he was doing what he could , but was frustrated by how often colleagues retorted with a version of , “ Wo n’t there be a bloodbath and regional chaos if we leave ? ”
McGovern had suggested that maybe a conference of experts could advise him and other leaders on how to respond to this challenge .
I told my activist friend that I was sure there were some good pieces of a response around and that McGovern ’s challenge was an opportunity to collect these pieces and further refine the arguments and policy proscriptions for withdrawal .
`
Over the next weeks we pulled together a four person organizing committee and decided to organize a workshop focused on a scenario of a full withdrawal ordered by the President and a task force charged to come up with policy initiatives that could help mitigate violence and instability that might accompany withdrawal .
The task force was not trying to fix things in Iraq or create conditions of ‘ victory ’ for the U.S.
We limited our task to thinking clearly about how the US can exit Iraq in a relatively short timeline while also being responsible to the very real needs of Iraq and its people .
We decided that the best way to proceed was to organize a small workshop of specialists who supported withdrawal and also had particular expertise in Iraqi politics , the neighboring countries , and pressing issues such as how to help refugees .
Meanwhile we were doing a literature review of the relevant ideas and policy proposals .
That helped to identify the people we wanted to invite and soon commitments to participate overflowed our budget capacities ( which we were gathering on the fly . )
Among those we invited was Juan Cole who declined because of other commitments .
In early March an extraordinary group assembled ( one participant traveling from as far away as Beirut ) for an intensive day - long workshop .
While we had never imagined that a consensus program could emerge from our process , the workshop deepened my appreciation of how complicated and difficult the issues are that we had taken on .
In the workshop , itself , some participants were sharply pessimistic that much could be done to curb violence while others thought there were promising initiatives if adequately supported .
The organizing committee took the day ’s discussion and the extensive compilation of ideas we had from the preparation for the workshop and decided to cull the best ideas for mitigating violence and regional repercussions of US withdrawal from Iraq and present them in a short report .
We came up with twenty - five initiatives which we grouped by central purpose : national reconciliation ; regional cooperation ; Iraqi security ; and Iraqi recovery .
Wherever possible we made connections between the items and identified logical sequences .
For instance , stating a clear intention to fully withdraw its troops and leave its bases is connected to the US backing the internationalizing of support for Iraq and to a stance of non-interference in Iraqi politics .
And those changes can only succeed in the context of a very different diplomatic stance toward regional states , in particular Iran and Syria .
I will not summarize the initiatives in the report here , because the report itself is essentially a brief summary of the twenty - five initiatives and , furthermore , includes an even briefer executive summary .
The task force ’s work was informed by a political analysis that says that any President who decides to bring U.S. troops home ( especially quickly and fully ) is going to want to take all available steps to minimize the chances that the American right - wing will later be able to accuse him or her of being responsible for creating a new Somalia , Rwanda , or Cambodia .
Our report is a briefing on such steps .
It is not meant as a definitive policy guidance .
However , it should be useful in re-energizing the politics of withdrawal .
Quickly , Carefully , and Generously : The Necessary Steps for a Responsible Withdrawal from Iraq , Report of the Task Force for a Responsible Withdrawal from Iraq , June 2008 .
Commonwealth Institute , Cambridge , Massachusetts USA .
Printable Fulltext PDF
Printable Executive Summary PDF
Charles Knight
Co-director
Project on Defense Alternatives
Commonwealth Institute
Juan Cole adds
See also the notice of this proposal at Marc Lynch ’s site ; he was a participant in the conference .
He summarizes the main points thusly :
‘ * seek a short - term renewal of the UN mandate instead of a bilateral US - Iraqi security agreement , followed by the drafting in 2009 of a comprehensive new UN mandate governing international assistance for Iraqi rebuilding and reconciliation * establish an International Support Group for Iraq , which would go along with engaging with Syria , Iran , Turkey , Jordan and Saudi Arabia in a much more sustained and systematic way , and strengthen the International Compact * announce a timetable for withdrawal , and then plan that withdrawal around likely flashpoints , while preparing now for the introduction of UN blue helmets rather than waiting until it ’s too late * greater focus on the refugees and internally displaced , and the humanitarian needs of the entire population – inside and outside of the country . ‘
Of course there are many more points in the full document , which deserves a read .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Prime mortgages are starting to default at disturbingly high rates - a development that threatens to slow any potential housing recovery .
The delinquency rate for prime mortgages worth less than $ 417,000 was 2.44 % in May , compared with 1.38 % a year earlier , according to LoanPerformance , a unit of First American ( FAF , Fortune 500 ) CoreLogic that compiles and analyzes residential mortgage statistics .
Delinquencies jumped even more for prime loans of more than $ 417,000 , so - called jumbo loans .
They rose to 4.03 % of outstanding loans in May , compared with 1.11 % a year earlier .
And prime loans issued in 2007 are performing the worst of all , failing at a rate nearly triple that of prime loans issued in 2006 , according to LoanPerformance .
" The extent of how bad these loans are doing is very troubling , " said Pat Newport , real estate economist with Global Insight , a forecasting firm .
Washington Mutual ( WM , Fortune 500 ) CEO Kerry Killinger said last month that the bank 's prime loan delinquencies are on the rise .
As of June 30 , 2.19 % of the prime loans issued by WaMu in 2007 were already delinquent , compared with 1.40 % of prime loans issued in 2005 .
Also last month , JP Morgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) CEO Jaime Dimon called prime mortgage performance " terrible " and suggested that losses connected to prime may triple .
For the second quarter , the bank reported net charges of $ 104 million for prime rate delinquencies , more than double the $ 50 million recorded three months earlier .
The latest shoe
Prime loans are just the latest class of mortgages to suffer a spike in failure rates .
The first lot to go bad was , of course , subprime mortgages , whose problems set the housing meltdown in motion .
Next were the Alt - A loans , a class between prime and subprime loans that does n't require strict documentation of a borrower 's assets or income .
Now , as prime loans are added to the mix , the resulting foreclosures could haunt the housing market for a long time , according to Global Insight 's Patrick Newport .
" Home prices will drop for quite a while - maybe several years , " he said .
Prices are already off nearly 20 % from their 2006 highs , according to the S&P / Case - Shiller Home Price index .
And there 's a strong inverse correlation between home prices and defaults , according to Lawrence Yun , chief economist for the National Association of Realtors .
" It 's a feedback loop , " he said .
" Price declines lead to more defaults , which leads to more price declines . "
More foreclosures will add to an already massive oversupply of homes on the market .
Inventories are up to about 11 month 's worth of sales at the current rate .
Indeed , about 2.8 % of all homes for sale were vacant as of June 30 , according to Census Bureau statistics .
That 's up about 50 % from three years ago , and near historic highs .
More foreclosures , fewer loans
The failure of prime mortgages will also make it more difficult for new borrowers to find affordable loans - and that will slow sales even more .
Lending standards have been tightening for months , but if prime loans start to look risky , lenders will be even more conservative about who gets a mortgage .
About 60 % of the loan officers surveyed reported that they tightened lending standards for prime mortgages during the first three months of 2008 , according to the April 2008 Senior Loan Officer Opinion Survey on Bank Lending Practices from the Federal Reserve , which is released quarterly .
That number will likely be even higher for the second quarter , according to Mike Larson , a real estate analyst for Weiss Research .
" It 's already harder and more expensive to get loans , " he said .
" Lenders pull in their horns when things go south . "
While easy credit fueled the housing boom , restricted credit is certainly contributing to the bust .
" Eventually , " said Newport , " time will break the cycle .
Pricing will drop enough to attract more buyers , and inventories will decline . "
But there will probably more hard times ahead before markets come back into balance and recovery begins .
" We are not trying to cause the economic collapse of the Roman Catholic Church , but to illustrate to the court the magnitude of the plot against our Order , " said a statement issued by the self - proclaimed modern day knights .
Click here for 112 full quotes on Principles & Values OR other political leaders on Principles & Values .
Do n't rebrand the party ; rebuild the country .
( Mar 2013 )
Mayor is like community organizer but actually responsible .
( Nov 2011 )
Troopergate 's one merited charge : shot moose without permit .
( Sep 2011 )
OpEd : Won election as fresh , feisty , girl - next - door .
( Sep 2011 )
2008 : TrooperGate replacement asked to resign for harassment .
( Sep 2011 )
OpEd : Her energy is the fuel of grassroots politics .
( Jan 2011 )
" Mama Grizzlies " : tough candidates also raising families .
( Nov 2010 )
Tea Partiers love America & dislike what 's happening to her .
( Nov 2010 )
American exceptionalism based on idea of right to be free .
( Nov 2010 )
Elites in " lame stream media " consider Americans alien .
( Nov 2010 )
I label myself a " Commonsense Constitutional Conservative " .
( Nov 2010 )
McCain is a genuine American hero for enduring Vietnam .
( Nov 2010 )
Everything worthwhile comes through effort .
( Nov 2010 )
OpEd : Rural roots treated harshly by urban elite .
( Sep 2010 )
Competitive GOP primaries are good for voters , not civil war .
( Feb 2010 )
I 'm a big supporter of the Tea Party movement .
( Feb 2010 )
Republican Party should absorb Tea Party movement .
( Feb 2010 )
Support those who understand the foundation of our country .
( Feb 2010 )
Tea Party is not just hard - core registered Republicans .
( Feb 2010 )
2008 : Unruffled throughout process because " It 's God 's plan " .
( Jan 2010 )
Resigned because relentless tabloidizing prevented work .
( Nov 2009 )
OpEd : Darling of the Democrats for taking on GOP incumbent .
( Nov 2009 )
Dressed up as Tina Fey before Saturday Night Live show .
( Nov 2009 )
Commonsense Conservative : respect for history & tradition .
( Nov 2009 )
Followed Reagan 's advice of sticking to core agenda .
( Nov 2009 )
FactCheck : Autobiography sounds like presidential ambition .
( Nov 2009 )
OpEd : Press accused all of Palin 's family of iniquities .
( Nov 2009 )
Named first female GOP VP candidate on suffrage anniversary .
( Oct 2008 )
By working with all parties , never had to compromise .
( Oct 2008 )
Admires Geraldine Ferraro & George Bush Sr. ( Oct 2008 )
Favorite movie : “ Hoosiers ” , for underdog tenacity .
( Oct 2008 )
Shares McCain world view of US as shining city on the hill .
( Oct 2008 )
Officiated a marriage in the aisle of Wal - Mart . ( Sep 2008 )
OpEd : Vetting process for V.P. included no one in Alaska .
( Sep 2008 )
Proud of being a Washington outsider .
( Sep 2008 )
Good - old - boy networks are created by both parties .
( Sep 2008 )
Americans are just getting sick & tired of politics as usual .
( Sep 2008 )
When I hear our National Anthem , I get a lump in my throat .
( Sep 2008 )
Came of age in the era of Reagan ; thinks about him daily .
( Sep 2008 )
There is a plan for this world and that plan is for good .
( Sep 2008 )
Small towns produced Harry Truman as V.P. ; and produced me .
( Sep 2008 )
OpEd : shores up McCain as a conservative AND as a maverick .
( Sep 2008 )
Before selection , questioned role of vice president .
( Sep 2008 )
Gained political prominence as a whistleblower .
( Aug 2008 )
Shatter that glass ceiling once and for all .
( Aug 2008 )
Leadership is a responsibility to prepare for tomorrow .
( Jan 2008 )
Decries “ politics as usual ” of attacking opponents .
( Nov 2006 )
Endorsed by United Fishermen of Alaska ( commercial group ) .
( Oct 2006 ) Mayorship & Governorship
2002 : Ran for Lieutenant Governor ; came in close second .
( Sep 2011 )
2006 & 2008 : Addressed convention of secessionist AIP .
( Sep 2011 )
Fought each Xmas as mayor to keep Jesus manger in Wasilla .
( Nov 2010 )
Let 's not be afraid of contested primaries .
( Feb 2010 )
Even before nomination , " Most popular governor in America " .
( Jan 2010 )
2005 gubernatorial race : Ambition drives ; purpose beckons .
( Nov 2009 )
2002 : Ran for governor to take on political back - scratching .
( Nov 2009 )
2002 : Lost unenergetic campaign for lieutenant governor .
( Nov 2009 )
2006 ad campaign : Little House on the Tundra . ( Nov 2009 )
Known to Wasilla residents as personable multi-tasker .
( Sep 2008 )
Embraced “ City of Character ” religious program as mayor .
( Sep 2008 )
Underestimating Sarah always proved to be a big mistake .
( Sep 2008 )
Signed up for PTA ; then ran for City Council ; then Mayor .
( Sep 2008 )
Trounced incumbent governor in 2006 on platform of reform .
( Aug 2008 )
Top priorities for AK include ethics & balanced budget .
( Mar 2007 )
Endorsed by Sen. Ted Stevens .
( Oct 2006 ) McCain Campaign
Resounding response to 2008 nomination : " Who ? " .
( Jun 2014 )
OpEd : McCain 's moribund campaign pulsed with Sarah 's energy .
( Sep 2011 )
2008 V.P. debate sparked more curiosity than substance .
( Oct 2010 )
OpEd : Palin made most sense in election about change .
( Sep 2010 )
Katie Couric interviews were edited to show worst moments .
( Nov 2009 )
Election day speech : thank you for honor of a lifetime .
( Nov 2009 )
McCain chose me to shake things up .
( Nov 2009 ) Personal History
Son , Track , so named because born during spring track season .
( Nov 2009 )
Father rejected Hollywood upbringing for sports & outdoor .
( Nov 2009 )
Family moved to Alaska when Sarah was an infant .
( Nov 2009 )
First interest in politics was Watergate , at age 10 . ( Nov 2009 )
Invaluable life lessons from running a 3:59 marathon .
( Nov 2009 )
Fell for Todd at first sight ; clinched when he was baptized .
( Nov 2009 )
Proud of Bristol but not happy that she 's an unwed teen mom .
( Nov 2009 )
Sarah Heath born in Idaho ; moved to Alaska at age 2 months .
( Sep 2008 )
Entered beauty contests to help pay for college .
( Sep 2008 )
Family emphasized education ; read newspapers as child .
( Sep 2008 )
Miss Congeniality in statewide beauty pageant in 1984 .
( Aug 2008 )
Star high school athlete in Fellowship of Christian Athletes .
( Aug 2008 )
Voted “ Miss Wasilla ” in local beauty contest ; eloped at 24 .
( Aug 2008 )
Husband left oil job to avoid conflict ; now works for BP .
( Aug 2008 )
Husband is part Eskimo ; won Iron Dog snowmobile races .
( Aug 2008 )
Raises kids with network of relatives , plus Todd as Mr. Mom . ( Aug 2008 )
Had 6 months to adapt & prepare for Down syndrome baby .
( Aug 2008 )
Studied journalism ; ran for office to make a difference .
( Aug 2008 ) Religion
Duck Dynasty : fired for expressing devout Christian views .
( Mar 2014 )
As child , joined " Missionettes " at Assembly of God church .
( Sep 2011 )
OpEd : Feels called by God ; chosen to do certain things .
( Sep 2011 )
We are free as consequence of being made in image of God. ( Nov 2010 )
We are a prayerful country .
( Nov 2010 )
Member of Pentecostal church ; world 's fastest - growing church .
( Sep 2010 )
Raised as Assembly of God member ; then nondenominational .
( Nov 2009 )
Decided at youth camp to put life into God 's hands .
( Nov 2009 )
OpEd : Core values defined by political ambition plus church .
( Sep 2008 )
I ’m one of those bitter people clinging to guns & religion .
( Sep 2008 )
Religion : non-denominational Bible - believing Christian .
( Aug 2008 )
Declare a National Day of Prayer in Alaska .
( Apr 2008 )
The Bible has profoundly influenced America .
( Oct 2007 )
Recognize America ’s historic and founding Christian heritage .
( Sep 2007 )
Fight for freedom of religion and freedom of expression .
( Oct 2006 ) Troopergate
Relieved when sister Molly divorced state trooper husband .
( Nov 2009 )
OpEd : Popularity hurt by Troopergate and at - home per-diem .
( Sep 2008 )
Troopergate : brother - in - law tasered child , but still trooper .
( Sep 2008 )
Fired controversial state trooper for threatening family .
( Aug 2008 )
Investigated for firing ex - brother - in - law in custody battle .
( Aug 2008 )
Independent prosecutor probing Cabinet firing .
( Jul 2008 )
Replaced Public Safety commissioner based on lack of results .
( Jul 2008 )
Denies all allegations in Department of Public Safety affair .
( Jul 2008 )
A teenager was decapitated by a roller coaster after he hopped a pair of fences and entered a restricted area Saturday at Six Flags Over Georgia , authorities said .
Six Flags officials are uncertain why the unidentified 17 - year - old from Columbia , S.C. scaled two six - foot fences and passed signs that said the restricted area was both off - limits and dangerous to visitors , spokeswoman Hela Sheth said in a news release .
Authorities were investigating reports from witnesses who said the teenager jumped the fences to retrieve a hat he lost while riding the Batman roller coaster , said Cobb County police Sgt. Dana Pierce .
Three security guards were keeping visitors away from the ride on Saturday .
Police said the ride was going full - speed when the teen was struck .
The ride ’s top speed is 50 mph , according to the Six Flags Web site .
No one riding on the roller coaster was injured , Sheth said .
The teen ’s friend also entered the restricted area but was not injured , Pierce said .
The teen and his parents were at the park with a group from the Oakey Spring Baptist Church near Springfield , S.C. , police said .
In June 2007 , a teenager ’s legs were severed when cables snapped on the Superman Tower of Power ride at Six Flags Kentucky Kingdom in Louisville , Ky. Doctors were able to reattach Kaitlyn Lasitter ’s right foot , but she had to have some of her left leg amputated and subsequent surgeries .
State officials blame a faulty cable and slow response by an amusement park ride operator in the accident .
Her family is suing Six Flags Kentucky Kingdom , claiming the park failed to maintain the ride and equipment and ensure riders ’ safety .
The amusement park has denied liability in court filings .
New here ?
You may want updates via email or RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
Success , financial or otherwise , comes from within .
According to studies by psychologists and researchers , people with an internal locus of control are more apt to plan for long - term goals , delay gratification , and accept more risk for the promise of more reward .
These qualities should sound familiar to readers of this site because they are precisely the characteristics needed to “ get rich slowly . ”
The locus of control is a way of looking at your circumstances and assigning cause .
The difference between external and internal is the difference between saying , “ I did n't get the raise because the company is tightening the belt , ” and , “ I did n't get the raise because I did n't prove beyond a reasonable doubt I deserved it . ”
It 's also the difference between , “ I got the promotion because it was finally my turn after being here long enough , ” and , “ I got the promotion because I performed well on that last project . ”
Of course , shifting to an internal locus of control is more than saying these things , it 's internalizing the attitude and incorporating the outlook into your personality .
Obsessed with success
I once had a boss who took this concept to the extreme .
“ Ed ” believed in the necessity of dedication , hard work , and personal sacrifice for achieving and breeding success , but he took it to the point of obsession .
In his view , even the most seemingly unrelated outcomes are converted into blame .
Here 's an example , slightly modified from the truth to obfuscate location :
One day I was late to work because I was caught in traffic due to an accident on the freeway .
Ed was aware of the accident , but he would n't accept my reason for tardiness .
It was important to him that I accepted responsibility for being late , not necessarily because I could have anticipated the accident and left home earlier that morning ( he believed that sleeping late was a result of a subconscious choice not to wake up due to the lack of enjoyment of life , rather than a physical need for the body to rest ) , but because I could have chosen to live closer to the office and , even more importantly , that a lack of respect for timeliness invites incidents that allow me to arrive late .
That was a little too extreme for me .
I could agree that there were certain actions I could have taken to reduce the likelihood of arriving late , including waking up earlier or living closer to the office ( which would necessitate taking a roommate in order to afford the more expensive urban rent ) .
However , I could n't go so far as to admit that simply having an internal negative attitude can manifest itself in events outside of my control , such as traffic accidents .
[ J.D. 's note : I agree . ]
Looking inward
Later I came to better understand Ed's point of view and to appreciate the less extreme aspects of his philosophy , particularly the difference between an internal and an external locus of control .
I had been attributing certain things that “ happened to me ” to outside , uncontrollable forces .
More specifically , my personal philosophy called for attributing the good things I achieved to my skills and abilities while attributing the bad things to “ forces beyond my control . ”
This combination placed me squarely as an “ external . ”
Success , defined by a personal goal , financial or otherwise , can be easier achieved by shifting to an internal locus of control .
People who routinely achieve their goals are more likely to attribute their success to their ability , talent , and hard work rather than just luck or chance .
Any mistakes they make are just that ; while bad luck is something that cannot be controlled , errors in judgment or missteps allow successful people to learn , adapt , and succeed .
It took some time for me to understand that I had more control over my situations than I was allowing myself to believe .
Shifting to an internal from external point of view is not as simple as flipping a switch .
It 's not an intuitive adaptation to make because the philosophies that drive your point of view are often deep - seated .
But it is possible , and perhaps necessary , for people who are interested in the qualities necessary to get rich slowly .
Back to the future
There is an important limit to an internal locus of control .
Although you need to accept responsibility for outcomes , there are certain things you can't control no matter what decisions you make .
There is little you can do to affect the rotation of the earth , the passage of time , or inflation ( unless you are Superman , Dr. Emmet L. Brown , or Ben Bernanke ) .
Being able to accept what is truly beyond your control is just as important as taking responsibility for as much as possible .
What is beyond your control ?
Many of the most important financial habits and lessons are learned as a child from adults modeling behavior .
Without good role models and sufficient education , kids can become young adults without the mental tools for financial success , and this can be a cycle lasting generations .
As an informed adult , however , every financial decision can either help or hurt your condition , and these decisions ( which affect your future ) fall within your control .
If getting out of debt is your goal , it will not help to blame the credit card companies for your current position .
Yes , it is true that credit card issuers bear some responsibility for using deceptive practices designed to trap consumers into a debt spiral , but to succeed at debt reduction , it 's important to realize that you are in control and have the ability to beat the credit cards at their own game , either by managing credit usage responsibly or by opting out of the industry .
It takes education , determination , and discipline .
If earning more income is your goal — and that might be necessary if you are getting out of debt and are currently spending more on the basics than you are earning — accept responsibility for the exact amount of your salary .
You are getting paid your hourly or yearly rate because that is what you succeeded in negotiating or the choice you made to accept the job .
The possibilities for earning more money are endless .
If you perceive your salary as low for what you do — I certainly do , and I have a feeling I 'm not alone — accept you have the power to change it .
There is always a choice .
Rather than blaming your financial situation on bad luck , a broken system , or your parents ' negative influence , determine which choices you made — or did n't make — brought you to where you are , and make some new ones .
An external locus of control is a self - limiting philosophy , so make new choices based on an internal point of view .
These choices can have a strong effect on your finances .
J.D. 's note :
One of my mantras is : “ Nobody cares about your personal finances more than you do . ”
It 's true .
Until you take control of your money , you can not expect anyone else to help .
The change has to begin with you .
Photos by specialkrb and theritters .
As CIO you hold one of the most important executive positions in your company .
And , to lead successfully , you must earn the respect of both the business and your information technology organization .
But earning the respect of application development professionals is no easy task :
The CIO position has been a revolving door as of late and many application development professionals have become cynical .
Go figure .
MORE ON CIO.com
8 Reasons Why CIOs Think Their Application Developers Are Clueless
How to Identify Bad CIOs in Their Natural Habitat
From Bad - to - Good CIO : Move Beyond IT - Centricity
How Not to Be Clueless
" My CIO is clueless . "
These are words you do n't want to hear if you want to earn the respect of your application development professionals .
( To see what CIOs think about their developers " who do n't get it , " read " 8 Reasons Why CIOs Think Their Application Developers Are Clueless . " )
So how do you avoid being a clueless CIO ?
Steer clear of these behaviors :
1 . The CIO is a control nut .
If you want to be a Controller then get a job in the accounting department .
Okay , so maybe you are not a certifiable control nut .
Maybe it is just a strategy you are employing because your direct reports can't get the job done .
If this is the case , then control is not the solution .
Have the courage to replace those managers that are n't strong .
Control wo n't work in the long run anyway .
2 . The CIO is aloof .
Stop thinking about your golf game .
You may have a great team — strong individual managers and team chemistry — but your leadership is still necessary to keep things on course ( not the golf course ) .
Besides , no matter how much you practice , your golf game will still be mediocre , but you can be at the top of your game as CIO if you work at it .
3 . The CIO gulps vendor Kool - Aid .
Did you know that there are more than 34,750 registered lobbyists in Washington , D.C. , for just 435 representatives and 100 senators ?
That 's 64 lobbyists for each congressperson .
I wonder how many vendor account managers there are per CIO .
You are smart enough to know that vendors are trying to sell you and you wo n't be fooled wholesale .
Yeah right .
Their influence can eat away at you without you even realizing it .
Be even more skeptical than you are now .
Just say no .
4 . The CIO is a technical dinosaur .
Unless you are running for president of the United States , experience does matter .
Technology has changed since you were writing RPG on the mainframe umpteen years ago .
And for you younger guys who made your bones writing VB or Java Web apps , make sure you know why there is so much buzz about Ruby on Rails and multicore programming .
Your ability to talk tech will go a long way to earning the respect of application development professionals .
5 . The CIO is ubergeeky .
Application developers respect a CIO who has deep technical knowledge , but your job is to lead , not to tell them how to architect systems , write code or tap an Ethernet coaxial cable .
Rise to your leadership position and trust your technical people to get the job done .
And if you do n't trust them then you are either a control nut ( see number one ) or you do n't have the right people .
6 . The CIO thinks changes can happen overnight .
Sorry to have to break this to you :
You are not a wizard and your magic wand does n't work .
7 . The CIO does n't know the difference between resources and talent .
The fastest way to lose respect is to put clueless managers in charge .
Clueless managers equal clueless CIOs .
Can you ever imagine Doc Rivers , coach of the 2008 world champion Boston Celtics , talking about player resources like they were interchangeable ?
" I need two guard resources . "
" I need a center resource . "
No .
Talent and teamwork make winning teams .
Talent matters .
Do n't pay lip - service to talent .
Find a way to locate and use the talent in your organization .
You will only be as good as the team you assemble .
8 . The CIO collaborates to death .
Whether it is the character flaw of being indecisive or some middle - school notion of democracy , you are in charge .
Collaboration is critical , but you also need to make the right decision at the right time .
Collaborate like Captain Kirk .
" Spock ? " " Bones ? "
He gets opinions from his experts but there is never any question about who will make the final decision .
And , if you never watched Star Trek then you should n't even be a CIO .
9 . The CIO spends all of his time trying to get promoted to CEO .
Not gonna happen , sailor .
Despite the seemingly perfect career path for CIOs , it just does n't seem to happen .
Only a handful of CIOs ever got the top job at any of the Fortune 500 companies .
Keep your secret aspirations to become CEO to yourself or change your aspirations .
Application developers need to know that you are there for them — that you are not CIO du jour .
To Thine Own Self Be True
Leadership can take many forms and styles but one thing all successful leaders have in common is that they earn and keep the respect of the rank and file .
Be your own leader and maximize your success by earning the respect of your application development professionals and avoid being a clueless CIO .
Mike Gualtieri is a senior analyst at Forrester Research where he serves application development and program management professionals .
To download a free , recent report by Mike , please visit : www.forrester.com/cioappdev.
Here ’s a conversation I seem to be having over and over these days :
Someone else : Computers are getting more and more cores .
So , we need to thread our software to take advantage of them .
Me : But threads ( the Dijkstra style shared - state - with - locks - and - mutexes - and - semaphores - oh - my variety ) are almost impossible to get right , and when they ’re used in other than the simplest way , its easy to get random deadlocks that happen every few months / years .
Someone else : Computers are getting more and more cores , so we need threads .
Me :
But there are other forms of concurrency .
Processes that communicate using files , pipes , sockets , or even shared memory .
Or software transactional memory ( hell , people use databases for IPC now , so STM can only be better ) , or message passing .
Someone else : … ?
A few days later :
Someone else : Let ’s talk about how to multi - thread our code .
Sorry people .
As Sutter and Larus say :
“ humans are quickly overwhelmed by concurrency and find it much more difficult to
reason about concurrent than sequential code .
Even careful people miss possible interleavings among even simple collections of partially ordered operations . ”
And as Edward A Lee says :
“ [ Threads ] discard the most essential and appealing properties of sequential computation : understandability , predictability , and determinism . ”
[ Clever summary encouraging people to understand concurrency more closely . ]
Jetson AGX Xavier ist der erste Computer , der speziell für autonome Maschinen entwickelt wurde .
Er verfügt über sechs Rechenmodule zur schnellen Verarbeitung von Sensordaten sowie zur Ausführung von Software für autonome Maschinen und bietet die Leistung und Energieeffizienz für vollständig autonome Maschinen .
Der Jetson AGX Xavier ( 8 GB ) ist eine preisgünstigere Jetson AGX Xavier - Variante mit geringerer Leistung und bietet die volle Hardware - und Softwarekompatibilität mit dem bestehenden Jetson AGX Xavier an .
Er verbraucht ein Maximum von 20 W für das vollständige Modul und bietet bis zu 20 TOPS KI - Leistung .
The US slowdown will deepen in the second half of the year as housing continues to slump and unemployment rises , according to a measure designed to predict the economy 's direction .
The Conference Board 's index of leading indicators fell 0.7 % in July , more than triple the drop forecast by economists surveyed by Bloomberg News .
Separate reports today showed the number of Americans collecting unemployment insurance remained near a five - year high last week and manufacturing in the Philadelphia region shrank for a ninth straight month .
`` The economy has really shown one sign after another of weakening , '' Martin Feldstein , a Harvard University economist , said in a Bloomberg Television interview in Jackson Hole , Wyoming , where he 's attending an annual Federal Reserve conference .
Feldstein said he is ``much more pessimistic than a year ago '' about the outlook .
Feldstein cited the credit crunch and the turmoil engulfing Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , which threatens to send up mortgage rates .
US stock indexes fell and the dollar declined to its lowest level in a week against the euro .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Stock Index was little changed in New York .
The dollar lost 0.8 % against the euro to $ US1.4868 .
The Conference Board 's index was forecast to decline 0.2 % , according to the median of 63 economists in a Bloomberg News survey .
` Edge of recession '
`` While we 're well along in the credit crunch , we 're in the peak of its impact on the economy , '' former Federal Reserve Governor Laurence Meyer , now vice chairman at Macroeconomic Advisers LLC , said in a Bloomberg Television interview in Jackson Hole .
`` We 're still on the edge of recession right now , '' with growth unlikely to move toward its trend until 2009 , he said .
Sagging orders and falling sales hurt factories in the Philadelphia region this month , a report from the Fed Bank of Philadelphia showed .
Its general economic index rose to minus 12.7 from minus 16.3 in July .
Negative readings signal a decline .
The measure averaged 5.1 last year .
`` Manufacturing overall still remains in a slump , '' said Russell Price , a senior economist at H&R Block Financial Advisors Inc. in Detroit .
`` Demand remains weak enough that it 's going to maintain pressure on manufacturing for some time . ''
Wrong track
For the first time since January 2007 , Americans who said the economy will improve in the next six months outnumbered those who said it will get worse , according to results of the latest Bloomberg / Los Angeles Times poll issued today .
Still , about three of every four people surveyed said the US is on the wrong track .
New Jersey Governor Jon Corzine said in an interview on Bloomberg Television today that the outlook for the economy has worsened over the last two months and a new stimulus plan is needed to spur growth .
``All of the things that are undermining consumer confidence are still there , '' said Corzine , a Democrat and former chairman of Goldman , Sachs & Co. ``We 're one bad , unexpected event from really taking out the consumer confidence in a very serious way beyond where we are today . ''
Five of the 10 indicators in today 's leading indicators report subtracted from the index , led by declines in building permits and stock prices .
Permits slump
Housing subtracted 0.53 percentage point .
Building permits , a sign of future construction , fell 18 % in July , while work began on the fewest houses in 17 years , the Commerce Department reported this week .
A 0.25 percentage point drag came from the S&P 500 , which averaged 1257.3 last month , down from June 's 1341.2 .
First - time claims for jobless benefits took away 0.23 percentage point from the leading index .
Claims rose to an average 420,800 in July , and jumped to a six - year high earlier this month .
Earlier today , a Labor Department report showed initial jobless claims fell to 432,000 , a level that still indicates the labor market is deteriorating .
A decline in orders for consumer goods and a drop in the money supply adjusted for inflation , which has the biggest weighting , also hurt the leading index .
Components
Seven of the 10 economic indicators that make up the index are known ahead of time : stock prices , jobless claims , building permits , consumer expectations , the yield curve , supplier delivery times and factory hours .
The Conference Board estimates the remaining three -- new orders for consumer goods , bookings for capital goods , and the money supply adjusted for inflation .
The index of coincident indicators , a gauge of current economic activity , rose 0.1 % to 106.8 , after being unchanged the prior month .
The gauge reached a high of 107.3 in October .
The index tracks payrolls , incomes , sales and production , which are the figures used by the National Bureau of Economic
Research to determine whether a recession has begun .
Feldstein used to head the NBER and remains on the group 's panel that dates US economic cycles .
The gauge of lagging indicators rose 0.4 % following no change the prior month .
The index measures business lending , length of unemployment , service prices and ratios of labor costs , inventories and consumer credit .
Americans are spending less as firings mount .
Target Corp. , the second - largest US discount retailer , said profit fell for the fourth straight quarter after consumers cut purchases of clothing and goods for the home .
`` We do not see any indication of meaningful near - term improvement , '' Target 's Chief Executive Officer Gregg Steinhafel said on a conference call this week .
Bloomberg News
“ It ’s probably true that we appeal to white working - class voters , ” said Brit Hume , the network ’s Washington managing editor and the host of “ Special Report . ”
“ The candidates are going where the voters are . ”
Conversely ,
Fox seems to have softened its stance toward the Democrats , mindful of the intense viewer interest in the prolonged primary season .
Although Fox News remains firmly in first place among news channels , CNN has crept up in the ratings on primary nights .
So Fox wants to appeal to people who might otherwise flip the channel in search of more time with the Democrats .
In short , Fox News and the Democrats abruptly find each other useful .
“ I think the candidates are starting to realize that they need to reach the people who we reach already , ” said Marty Ryan , the network ’s executive producer for political programming .
Last year the Democrats declined most of the network ’s interview requests .
Barack Obama rejected the network for so long that the show “ Fox News Sunday ” resorted to a public demand in March , showing a weekly “ Obama Watch ” clock that counted the days since the senator had promised an interview and failed to make good .
Image Hillary Rodham Clinton and Bill OReilly on Fox .
She has been on the network 10 times this year .
Credit ...
Fox News
Then the thaw came .
Mrs. Clinton has been on Fox 10 times this year , and Mr. Obama has appeared seven times , compared with three times for Mrs. Clinton and two times for Mr. Obama last year .
Mr. Obama appeared on “ Fox News Sunday ” last week , perhaps in pursuit of moderate voters in Indiana and North Carolina .
Barack Obama ’s campaign and the Democratic National Committee are toying with a convention scheduling change that has been broached before in theory but never seriously considered : cutting the party ’s conclave in Denver short by one day to give Obama an extra day of post - nomination bounce in the crowded August calendar .
For the last several decades -- when conventions became forums that merely rubber - stamp a presumptive nominee -- they have traditionally run from Monday through Thursday .
Increasingly , both parties have struggled to offer something of interest during the first couple of convention nights , and the television networks have responded by dramatically reducing live coverage .
The only truly significant event has been the nominee ’s acceptance speech , delivered during prime time on Thursday evening .
But Obama aides have floated the idea of ending the Denver convention on Wednesday , Aug. 27 , instead of Thursday , Aug. 28 .
The reason is the calendar .
This year -- unlike in the past , when there was some separation between the two gatherings -- the Republican convention in Minneapolis - St.
Paul is scheduled to begin four days later , on Monday , Sept.
1 . The result , many Democrats believe , could be that Obama would not get the poll number bounce that nominees usually get immediately after being officially anointed .
Advertisement
Ending early , some Democrats argue , would give Obama an extra day to capitalize on the convention .
Adding to the Democrats ’ calculation is the growing speculation that McCain will announce his running mate in the brief intermission between the two conventions -- a good way to seize the spotlight from the just - nominated Democrat .
“ I ’d expect McCain to name his choice on the Friday after the Democratic convention , ” said Scott Reed , who managed Bob Dole ’s presidential bid in 1996 .
“ It would be a good way to quash Obama ’s bounce . ”
The shortened - convention idea may have surfaced too late for this year .
And Denver officials and the city ’s business community likely will voice strong displeasure .
Still , it sounds like a plan whose time eventually will come .
Advertisement
-- Doyle McManus and Don Frederick
A Royal Navy veteran has been reunited with his watch , 67 years after he lost it during World War II — and , it worked perfectly .
In 1941 , Teddy Bacon , a lieutenant aboard HMS Repulse , was throwing a line from ship to shore when the gold Bulova watch , bought in the Azores for $ 55 , slipped off his wrist and into Gibraltar Harbor .
The timepiece was never found , until the harbor was dredged , seven decades later .
Advertisement
After seeing his watch splosh into the water , Teddy sent down a couple of divers to search for it , but without any luck .
So , he informed the deputy harbor - master who logged the missing object .
Fast - forward to 2007 , and the watch turned up during the dredging of the harbor .
When the authorities checked the log , they found Teddy 's claim , and sent the watch , still ticking , off to him .
Now 90 years old , the reitred sailor could n't believe his eyes when a package containing his gold watch arrived at his new home .
' To say I was stunned could be considered a major understatement , ' he said .
" It truly was a miracle that I had been reunited with that watch after a lifetime .
Now I wear it every day and it keeps perfect time , even after all those years in the water .
It is absolutely excellent and I consider it a long - lost friend . ' " [ Daily Mail ]
Picture this scenario .
You are developing a game engine , but get to an all - important question : “ which scripting language do I use ? ” .
The problem is , there are tons of scripting languages out there .
Which one do you choose ?
Unfortunately , picking a scripting language is not always easy .
A lot of the time its a trade - off between performance , support , and something you like .
There ’s not much sense in picking the fastest scripting language in the world if you hate it after all .
For me , I do n’t particularly care about the speed of a language ( this has been explored before ) , so long as it ’s reasonably fast .
After all , if I ’m going to implement something CPU intensive , I ’m probably going to just end up writing it in C .
I ’m also open to anything , so long as it meets the following requirements :
Reasonably easy to embed
Uses an encapsulated state instead of globals
Has a capable binding API
Has some sort of OOP system with objects bound with functions
Is used by a community of people
Since I had time to spare , I decided to evaluate a few popular scripting language implementations which have been described as being embeddable and fit the above criteria .
Basically I wanted to :
Bind an object to the API Pass an existing instance of an object to the API Create an object in the scripting language Call methods and get / set properties on the object Handle errors sanely ( i.e. no stack corruption )
In addition I did n’t want to rely on any third - party wrappers – instead I went straight to the C API , since otherwise I would have been evaluating the scripting engine + the “ helpful ” binding library , rather than the scripting engine itself .
I ended up making a test application which binded a test object to each target language and ran a sample script in order to get a feel for how everything worked .
The code is on github , so feel free to check it out if you are wondering what its like to bind a C++ object to lua , mruby , squirrel and angelscript .
I wrote a few notes in the code , but I felt the need to express my thoughts on each language based on my experience in working with both the API and language myself .
So behold !
My evaluation of each language is as follows …
Lua is a powerful , fast , lightweight , embeddable scripting language – or so it is claimed .
It seems to be the number 1 choice for game developers , as this wikipedia article shows .
Scratching the surface , it appears to be a simple functional programming language .
However it features some very powerful constructs centred around the concept of a “ metatable ” which amongst other things can be used to create class - based object systems .
The API is well documented , and its fairly easy to find information on how to do just about anything in Lua since its commonly embedded in apps and games .
An often - heard complaint about lua is how it indexes arrays from 1 , though in practice I do n’t really find this to be much of an annoyance especially considering luas support for iterators .
Another issue is how it is n’t very C - like in general , but IMO this is n’t too big of an issue since the syntax is fairly trivial to learn and get used to anyway .
The binding API in lua is a bit confusing as it uses the stack to set fields on objects , which almost feels like reading some assembler code .
Once you realize how the stack works though , it ’s not too bad .
Binding objects themselves is an open - ended problem , with many solutions .
At a bare minimum you need to create a metatable object for the class , and for each instance of the class you need a userdata object bound to the metatable .
You can just use a userdata for object instances and implement “ __index ” and to return methods , but things start to get tricky when you need to call functions as if you just return a C function from “ __index ” lua wo n’t provide any reference to the userdata , so you need to pass in whats known as an “ upvalue ” when returning the function .
UPDATE : turns out it does provide a reference to the userdata , you just need to use the “ : ” instead of “ . ” when calling the function .
Basic Lua 101 .
One gotcha with the C API to look out for is when calling methods within methods .
If the method you are calling returns an error , lua will pop the C stack all the way down to your first lua_call .
This will ignore destructors for any stack variables you still have in scope in - between .
To mitigate this , make sure to use lua_pcall instead .
For derived classes you can simply make a new metatable and set its “ __metatable ” to the parent class metatable , ad infinitum .
Apart from that binding objects to lua is reasonably simple , and if you are having problems there are a ton of binding libraries out there to help .
A fairly strong contender .
Squirrel is a high level imperative , object - oriented programming language , designed to be a light - weight scripting language that fits in the size , memory bandwidth , and real - time requirements of applications like video games – or so the squirrel website claims .
In reality , I like to think of it as the result of what happens when someone takes a lot of the bad things about lua and fixes them to create a rather neat C - like language .
My only big problem with squirrel from a language perspective is its odd use of the “
Similar to lua you use a stack to bind functions and classes which can be confusing .
Thankfully though as with lua there are comprehensive API docs , but with one fatal flaw : I could n’t find any good example for how to create a class bound to a C++ object , so once again I had to guess .
I could excuse this a bit in lua since it ’s more ambiguous , but in squirrel classes are a first level construct , making it strange how it is n’t really better explained in the documentation .
In general while I found the API documentation to be comprehensive , I did n’t feel it explained how to do things very well , and combined with the relative lack of resources online it made things a little harder to figure out .
If you are fed up with luas syntax and lack of certain basic constructs , be sure to give squirrel a try .
mruby is a light - weight , embeddable implementation of the Ruby programming language which has been in development for the past couple of years , so its fairly new .
Ruby itself is a very capable dynamic , object - oriented language which to me at least feels like a cross between perl and python .
Ruby also has a proper inbuilt class system which IMO sets it on a higher level than lua .
Not only that , it even supports composition through the use of modules .
Unfortunately the binding api is a little under - documented .
In fact at time of writing I could n’t find any documentation other than blog posts .
In order to write a binding I had to essentially guess what you had to do using a combination of code on github and deduction .
However upon reflection binding an actual object is rather simple , with some rather descriptive function names to define both the class and its methods .
For object instances , you use userdata instances bound to a data type .
Similar to lua there is also a gotcha when calling methods within methods .
If the method you are calling raises an exception , mruby will pop the C stack all the way down to your first mrb_funcall .
This will ignore destructors for any stack variables you still have in scope in - between .
To mitigate this you need to save the “ jmp ” variable before the call and restore it afterwards .
If you do n’t want the exception to propagate down the stack you also need to clear the “ exc ” variable .
If mruby had mrb_funcall_safe , this hack could have been avoided .
Compared to lua & squirrel , ruby is in general a more extensive language .
But mruby itself still feels like it ’s not quite there yet , so if you are considering implementing ruby in your app you might want to consider embedding the reference implementation instead .
Angelscript is a real curiosity .
In essence it answers the question : “ What would happen if you made a scripting language out of C ++ ? ” .
What results is a strongly typed , inflexible language .
When compiling , everything needs to be defined or declared up - front .
There are no fancy metaprogramming constructs , nor any late binding of functions .
From what I gathered , if you make your whole game in a set of AngelScript files , you need to compile everything together in a single module .
It makes me wonder , why not just use a reloadable DLL written in C ++?
Unlike C++
Angelscript prefers that you define all class and namespace methods within the class and namespace blocks , making it feel more like C# .
This is a fairly minor issue , but if you start thinking “ maybe I ’d like it better if I just wrote everything in C++ ” , it does not bode well for the scripting language .
However out of all the scripting languages , I ’d have to say AngelScript was by far the easiest to embed .
You simply define your function prototype and BAM !
It figures out how to call it without having to write your own binding function ( using its own FFI system ) .
You can also directly expose object fields too which is a nice touch .
If you want something more direct , Angelscript is a safe bet .
If you want something more freeform , look towards the other scripting languages .
Conclusion
So which scripting language do you use ?
Ultimately there is no perfect solution , you just have to go with the one you feel is the best .
Failing that , you can always make your own scripting language , which is not at all an unusual thing to do when making a game engine !
John McCain has picked his running mate ( announcement tomorrow ) and a theory in Denver is that it 's ex-eBay CEO Meg Whitman .
If true , is this a good choice ?
After some thought , we actually think it is .
That was n't our first reaction .
But our current impression of Meg is colored by the fact that we hold her responsible for the collapse of eBay .
( Meg was solid in her early years as eBay CEO , but , in our opinion , she then retired on the job .
eBay stopped innovating about eight years ago , shifted into cruise control , made some ludicrous acquisitions to try to prop up growth , and ultimately smashed into the rocks . )
Overall , we think the perception of Meg 's CEO skills exceeds the reality .*
But that said ...
Meg has a ton going for her as a running mate :
Good national consumer brand ( not hers -- eBay's )
Instantly approachable and likeable ( just a regular billionaire mom )
Smart , well - educated ( America does n't care about this , but it helps )
Charming and self - deprecating , but also confident ( even when making dumb decisions )
Huge business cred-- in Silicon Valley , Wall Street , Washington , and corporate America ( especially useful given cratering economy and declining American competitiveness )
Plenty of experience dealing with criticism , press , adulation , screams , etc .
Perfect for image McCain trying to re-cultivate : Maverick choice without being scary
Unlikely to have scandalous skeletons in closet ( Never say never , but we just do n't see Meg arranging secret gigolo trysts )
Hard to attack without looking petty , mean , and / or sexist
Beneficiary of American Dream , without being yet another rich white guy like Romney
Meg would n't need any of these attributes as vice president , of course :
All she 'd need to do is smile , glad - hand , and avoid embarrassing her boss .
But as a vice - presidential candidate -- and , more importantly , as President of the United States -- she 'd need all of them .
And what about her glaring weakness ... a lack of political experience of any kind ?
Surmountable .
Meg will have to learn just how easy it is to offend millions of voters , but she should be up to that .
( And the millions of screaming eBay sellers and buyers will no doubt have been good training . )
If Meg joins the ticket , the Democrats will immediately point out that the first " CEO president , " George Bush , has n't exactly done a helluva job .
But Bush 's problem was n't ( and is n't ) that he had an MBA .
He would have been a lousy CEO , too .
Meg Whitman was n't a great CEO , but she certainly was n't a lousy one .
And she'd be an excellent choice for McCain 's VP .
* Meg was solid in the early years , when eBay needed adult supervision , but she also had the good fortune to have climbed aboard a rocketship .
Her main success at the helm , in our opinion , was simply not screwing the company up .
This does n't mean that she was lame -- just that , in those years , she got more credit than she deserved .
And in the five years before she retired , in our opinion , she retired on the job -- and set the company up for disaster in the process .
See Also :
First , YouTube , Now McCain Trumps Obama On Search
Barack Obama 's Million - Dollar Text Message ?
Why Are The Democrats Waffling On Net Neutrality ?
McCain Advisor : We Don't Need Facebook ;
They 're Not Our Voters
The following is an article from Uncle John 's Supremely Satisfying Bathroom Reader A DUBIOUS DISTINCTION Alferd G. Packer holds a unique spot in American jurisprudence .
He is the only U.S. citizen ever charged , tried , and convicted for the crime of murder and cannibalism .
Born in rural Colorado in 1847 , Packer drifted into the Utah Territory , supporting himself as a small - time con artist , claiming to be an experienced " mountain man . "
In the fall of 1873 , he persuaded 20 greenhorns in Salt Lake City to grubstake an expedition to the headwaters of hate Gunnison River in Colorado Territory .
He swore that the stream was full of gold and promised to lead them to it if they would finance the operation .
GOLD FEVER With Packer leading , they plunged into San Juan Mountains and promptly got lost .
The party was near starvation when they stumbled into the winter quarters of the friendly Ute tribe .
The Indians nursed them back to health , but the leader , Chief Ouray , advised them to turn back .
Winter snows had blocked all trails .
Ten of the party listened and returned to Utah .
The other 10 , still believing Packer 's tales of gold - filled creeks , stayed with him .
Ouray gave them supplies and advised them to follow the river upstream for safety , but Packer ignored this counsel and plunged back into the mountains .
The party split up again .
Five turned back and made their way to the Los Pinos Indian Agency .
Fired up with gold fever , the others continued on with their con man guide .
Days later , exhausted , half frozen , and out of food , they found refuge in a deserted cabin .
Most of them were now ready to give up and go back to Salt Lake City .
The exception was Alferd Packer .
He was broke , and returning to Salt Lake City would cost him his grubstake .
When the others fell asleep , Packer shot four of them in the head .
The fifth woke and tried to defend himself , but Packer cracked his skull with his rifle .
Then , he robbed them ...
He also used them for food .
When his strength returned , he packed enough " human jerky " to get back to the Los Pinos Agency .
Several miles from the agency , he emptied his pack to conceal his crime .
He was welcomed by General Adams , commander of the agency , but shocked everyone by asking for whiskey instead of food .
When he flashed a huge bankroll , they started asking questions .
WELL , YOU SEE , OFFICER ...
Packer 's explanations were vague and contradictory .
First , he claimed he was attacked by the natives , then he claimed that some of his party had gone mad and attacked him .
On April 4 , 1874 , two of Chief Ouray 's braves found the human remains Packer had discarded .
General Adams locked him up and dispatched a lawman named Lauter to the cabin to investigate .
But while Lauter was away , Packer managed to escape .
He made his way back to Utah and lived quietly for 10 years as " John Schwartze , " until a member of the original party recognized him .
Packer was arrested on March 12 , 1884 and returned to Lake City , Colorado , for trial .
Packer claimed innocence but as the evidence against him mounted , he finally confessed .
Apparently , he reveled in the attention his trial gave him and even lectured on the merits of human flesh .
The best " human jerky , " he said , was the meat on the chest ribs .
The judge was not impressed .
" Alferd G. Packer , you no good sonofabitch , there was n't but seven Democrats in Hinsdale County , and you done et five of 'em , " he thundered .
" You 're gonna hang by the neck until dead ! "
SAVED BY A TECHNICALITY
His lawyer appealed the decision , citing a legal loophole .
The crime was committed in 1873 , in the territory of Colorado .
The trial began in 1884 , in the new state of Colorado .
The state constitution , adopted in 1876 , did not address such a heinous crime , so the charge was reduced to manslaughter and Packer was sentenced to 40 years in prison .
He was a model prisoner and was paroled after 16 years .
Freed in 1901 , he found work as a wrangler on a ranch near Denver .
On April 21 , 1907 , Alferd G. Packer , horse wrangler and cannibal , died quietly in his sleep .
Fancy getting your camera out this Bank Holiday weekend ?
Best be careful who you point it at .
For instance , do n’t go taking snaps of unmarked police cars .
This was the mistake made by amateur photographer David Gates , who photographed a Police BMW parked illegally at a bus stop in Portsmouth , Hants .
Before you could say “ Cheese ! ” , the Police were on him and asking questions under the Terror Act 2000 .
Then there ’s the sorry tale of Andrew Carter , who spotted a police van ignoring no -entry signs to reverse up a one - way street to reach a chip shop , and felt it was his public duty as a citizen to record both the van and the officer involved , PC Farooq .
For his pains , Mr Carter was abused , had his camera knocked to the ground , arrested , bundled into the van and finally held in police cells for five hours .
Then there ’s the recent survey released by the ATL , which reveals that while teachers are pretty cool about using CCTV to spy on their pupils – even in the toilet – they are a little worried about the appalling notion that the same cameras could be turned on them in the classroom .
How very odd .
As a society , it is widely acknowledged that we are ( one of ) the most observed in the world .
At present , Britain boasts 4.2 million cameras – that ’s one for every 14 people - or allegedly one - fifth of the CCTV cameras on the planet .
It is estimated that you are likely to be caught on camera on average 300 times a day .
The total number of cameras is predicted to double ( to 8.6 million ) by 2018 .
More recently , Police and Parking Enforcement Officers have begun to be kitted out with mobile cameras – so they can record every tiny detail of interaction with the public .
Any argument that this might be a little intrusive is met with the bland old reassurance that “ if you have done nothing wrong , you have nothing to fear ” .
Quite apart from ignoring the effect on society of gradually moving to a situation in which we can no longer have any expectation of privacy in any open space , what these stories have in common is an emerging double standard : “ They ” may photograph us when , where and how they like , but we should think twice about photographing them .
Of course , there can be legitimate reasons for opposing the use of cameras .
In talking to El Reg about the law on photography , several Police Forces made the fair comment that there were individuals who had learnt how to use cameras at demonstrations as a means to wind individual officers up .
Undoubtedly , this happens – although as with any such abuse , perhaps it should be punished appropriately when it does , rather than used as a reason for clamping down more widely .
Part of the problem , as far as authority is concerned , is the sheer scale of public photography .
The general consensus by analysts , Gartner , is that around 80 per cent of mobile phones in the UK can be used as cameras , whilst the Mobile Data Association ’s first quarterly statistics for 2008 ( pdf ) on the sending of MMS ( picture texts ) show 449 million picture texts were sent in 2007 – and December 2007 represented 55 per cent growth year on year .
Some of the results of this private photography are suitably documentary in nature .
But others purport to expose in graphic detail illegal arrests or worse on the part of the authorities .
Sometimes , such exposure can have drastic consequences - remember the Rodney King affair ?
It seems likely that there will be more news of this ilk in coming months .
Here at El Reg , we are in two minds .
On the one hand , we are n’t especially in favour of the stripping away of privacy that it represents - but then we do believe that what ’s sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander .
As New Labour increasingly looks to pry into every detail of our private lives , some sort of reciprocal right to peer into theirs seems only fair , does n't it ? ®
I just listened to Bill O'Reilly tell actor / activist Matthew Modine that we must kill all the " Islamic fundamentalists " in the world - wipe them off the face of the Earth - in order to protect America .
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
Modine asked O'Reilly how he would win the " war on terror " .
O'Reilly replied :
" You use every weapon you have to kill as many Islamic fundamentalists as you can , and then bring them to their knees , the same way we won WWII . "
An incredulous Modine asked O'Reilly if he was advocating something akin to the nuclear annihilation of Nagasaki and Hiroshima .
Answering with a question , O'Reilly asked if Modine would have ordered the nuclear attacks had he been in President Harry Truman 's shoes , saying :
" He was fighting to protect America .
And he wiped out the enemy , just as we have to wipe out the Islamic fundamentalists ... "
How , pray tell , does that differ in any way with the words of Iranian President Ahmadinejad about Israel that have been so vehemently denounced by O'Reilly and his far - right compatriots ?
They have raised non -stop holy hell over a comment made in a speech by Ahmadinejad in which he purportedly called for Israel to be " wiped off the map " .
This translation of his words has been hotly disputed , and the consensus of linguists and experts is that what Ahmadinejad actually called for was the fall of the Israeli " Zionist " regime , and the rise of a democratic government in which Palestinians participate in free elections .
University of Michigan Professor of Modern Middle East and South Asian History , Juan Cole , says the statement should be translated as :
" The Imam said that this regime occupying Jerusalem must [ vanish from ] the page of time . "
Professor Cole explains that , " Ahmadinejad did not say he was going to ' wipe Israel off the map ' because no such idiom exists in Persian " .
Rather , " He did say he hoped its regime , i.e. , a Jewish - Zionist state occupying Jerusalem , would collapse . "
Cole then comes to the real point of the matter :
" What is really going on here is an old trick of the warmongers .
Which is that you equate hurtful statements of your enemy with an actual military threat , and make a weak and vulnerable enemy look like a strong , menacing foe .
Then no one can complain when you pounce on the enemy and reduce his country to flames and rubble . "
Other experts agree with Cole .
Ahmadinejad himself states that his words were misinterpreted and wildly exaggerated , saying :
" There is no new policy , they created a lot of hue and cry over that .
It is clear what we say : Let the Palestinians participate in free elections and they will say what they want . "
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
For some , the hardest part about running is simply breaking free from the day ’s obligations long enough to change shoes and hit the pavement .
Consistency is tough and improvement often feels fleeting — or altogether impossible .
But , runners who establish that consistency will find that improvement suddenly becomes constant and natural — and the runs become more fun .
For those looking for a path to this mythological land of contentment …
Here ’s 22 .
Laptop Video Graphics Cards - Benchmark List
The table below can be used to sort through currently available mobile graphics cards by performance or specification .
GPUs are ranked by approximate performance .
Also refer to our Comparison of Graphic Cards for more information on the listed cards and the Gaming Performance List for gaming benchmarks .
The Ticket was taken aback when Bill Kristol , citing " people who talk directly to " Barack Obama 's campaign , created a flurry of excitement today by saying on Fox News Channel that Colin Powell not only was set to endorse the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee , but " may well give a speech " at the party 's approaching convention .
Kristol is an articulate , effective polemicist for the conservative causes he believes in and a top - notch editor of the Weekly Standard .
But well - sourced among " people " with direct links to Obama ?
We were skeptical .
And shortly after Kristol 's report , Powell scotched at least part of it .
Contacted by ABC News , Powell said : " I do not have time to waste on Bill Kristol 's musings .
I am not going to the convention .
I have made this clear . "
Kristol still may be on to something though ; the ABC story intriguingly continued : " Powell ended the conversation without entertaining any follow - up questions as to whether he would be crossing party lines to endorse Obama . "
Powell is a past master at keeping the political world guessing -- most dramatically in the early stages of the 1996 Republican presidential race , when speculation persisted that he might dive into the contest .
And , as The Ticket has noted here , here , and here , he 's effectively played a somewhat similar game this year , letting dangle the prospect of an embrace of Obama .
He never took the plunge in ' 96 .
And whether he becomes a public presence in this campaign -- or remains on the sidelines -- will be one of the fascinating subplots to watch through election day .
-- Don Frederick
Photo credits : Alicia Wagner / Los Angeles Times ( Kristol ) ; Associated Press ( Powell )
In almost all assembly books you ’ll find some nice tricks to do fast multiplications .
E.g. instead of “ imul eax , ebx , 3 ” you can do “ lea eax , [ ebx+ebx * 2 ]
” Â ( ignoring flag effects ) .
It ’s pretty clear how this works .
But how can we speed up , say , a division by 3 ?
This is quite important since division is still a really slow operation .
If you never thought or heart about this problem before , get pen and paper and try a little bit .
It ’s an interesting problem .
The non-obvious trick here is :
We can multiply by the inverse ( i.e. the reciprocal ) .
Maybe this sounds a little bit strange , since the inverse of 3 is what , 1/3 ?
Yes , it is , over the rational numbers .
But here we calculate over the finite ring Z / ( 232 ) Z ( for the non-mathematical readers : We wrap around after 232 ) .
And in Z / ( 232 ) Z all odd elements have a multiplicative inverse .
We can find the inverse with the extended euclidean algorithm ( gcdex ) :
For numbers a , b gcdex ( a , b ) returns [ g , x , y ] where
g is the greatest common divisor
x , y are some numbers ,
such that x*a + y*b = g
E.g. gcdex ( 3 , 232 ) = [ 1 , -1431655765 , 1 ]
That means :
- 1431655765 * 3 + 1*232 = 1
Since we are using the modulo 232 math ( we have 32 bit registers ) , this is exactly what we need :
-1431655765*3 + 232 = 0xaaaa_aaab * 3 = 1 ( mod 232 )
So 1/3 = 0 xaaaa_aaab ( mod 232 )
Now , let ’s look what we have so far :
For numbers divisible by 3 this is already our solution .
We just have to multiply them by 0 xaaaa_aaab , since this is the inverse of 3 .
But — in the general case — we want this to work with all values ( the remainder should be ignored , but with our solution it destroys the result ) .
We need the another trick :
We look at the 64 bit result and count the “ overflows ” .
This is somehow similar to fixed point arithmetic .
Look at this :
3 * 0 xaaaa_aaab = 0x2_0000_0001 , and that means
( n* 3 ) * 0 xaaaa_aaab = n * 233 + n
This is cool , because
( n* 3 + c ) * 0 xaaaa_aaab = ( n * 233 + n ) + c*0xaaaa_aaab
So , with c in {0 , 1 , 2 } we have the nice identity :
( n * 0xaaaa_aaab ) >>
33 = n div 3 , for all 0 <= n < 232
Last but not least , our final solution for dividing by 3 is :
[ IN : eax dividend ]
mov ecx , 0 xaaaa_aaab // 1/3
mul ecx // multiply with inverse
shr edx , 1 // shift by 33
[ OUT : edx = eax div 3 ]
Of course , this is only half of the story ; this is not the general solution for all divisors .
And it does n’t handle signed division .
For futher reading see this paper or this gcc bug report .
It also has its chapter in the AMD optimization manual .
BTW : This is part of reason why you have to learn all that math stuff in computer science .
It ’s useful ! :-)
Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield -- two of the state ’s biggest health plans -- agreed Thursday to pay a total of $ 13 million in fines and to offer new health coverage to more than 2,200 Californians the companies dropped after they became ill .
Neither company admitted to any wrongdoing in agreeing to pay the stiffest penalties yet in efforts by state authorities to curb what they view as an abusive practice of investigating and canceling policies after policyholders run up big medical bills .
Blue Cross , a unit of Indianapolis - based WellPoint Inc. , will pay a $ 10 - million fine to the state Department of Managed Health Care , and it will offer new coverage to 1,770 former members it canceled since 2004 -- no questions asked .
“ The fine is a record in DMHC history and it sends the message that if you come into California and sell health insurance , you must play by the rules , ” department Director Cindy Ehnes said .
Advertisement
Competitor Blue Shield , a not - for - profit health plan based in San Francisco , will pay $ 3 million and offer new policies to 450 people whose coverage was rescinded over the last four years .
The insurers also agreed to establish a process for former members to recover medical expenses they paid out of pocket after they were dropped as well as other damages , such as homes or businesses that were lost because unpaid medical debts ruined the former members ’ creditworthiness .
The agreements bring to a close the department ’s industrywide investigation into the problems of rescission that were brought to light in a series of articles in The Times .
The problem affects individual policies , the type of coverage consumers without access to employer - sponsored group health benefits purchase on their own .
About 14 million Americans , including 3 million Californians , rely on this type of coverage .
Earlier this year , Kaiser Permanente , Health Net and PacifiCare all made similar agreements but paid smaller penalties that reflected their willingness to meet the department ’s terms , which , Ehnes said , made the restoration of coverage the highest priority .
Advertisement
“ We ’ve now restored coverage to 3,370 California enrollees who were impacted by the unfair practice of rescission , ” Ehnes said .
“ This concludes a long and significant enforcement action on the part of the department that has never wavered in our conviction to get health coverage for these Californians . ”
The health plans said they were glad to move on .
“ Anthem Blue Cross is pleased to have reached agreement , ” President Leslie Margolin said .
“ This resolution allows us to continue to build stronger working relationships with the DMHC and we look forward to coming together in a more collaborative way to address the healthcare needs of Californians . ”
Blue Shield ’s Tom Epstein said the company recognized that “ rescission of a health coverage agreement is a serious matter that has significant consequences .
. . .
We have treated these issues with the utmost care and have rescinded about one - tenth of 1 percent of our individual health plan contracts since 2004 .
Advertisement
“ As a not - for - profit health plan committed to access to coverage for every Californian , we have always tried to do the right thing , ” he said .
Going forward , the companies agreed to develop new applications for individual coverage that are easier for consumers to understand .
Ehnes said Thursday that the size of the fines for Blue Cross and Blue Shield reflected the additional hardship on canceled consumers caused by their reluctance to come to speedy resolutions .
“ We ’ve again accomplished a result that consumers could not get otherwise -- guaranteed issue coverage , a process for full monetary losses and no back premiums owed , ” she said .
Advertisement
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , who appointed Ehnes , praised the agreements .
“ As I ’ve said before , patients should not live in fear of unfairly losing their healthcare coverage when they need it most -- and I look forward to working with the Legislature to ensure this egregious practice is put to an end , ” Schwarzenegger said in a statement .
The settlement came the same day that a congressional committee held a hearing on the cancellation practices of the nation ’s health insurers and the day after Los Angeles City Atty .
Rocky Delgadillo contended in a lawsuit that Blue Shield routinely flouted the law by conducting secret and unfair investigations into members ’ health histories to find a pretext for dropping them .
Delgadillo filed similar suits against Blue Cross and Health Net this year .
“ These settlement agreements add up to a raw deal for California consumers courtesy of the DMHC , ” Delgadillo said .
“ They will not make the victims of this insidious practice whole , they will not require that the companies disclose their wrongdoing , and , in my opinion , they will not adequately punish the companies for their shameful conduct . ”
Advertisement
The settlements close the department ’s investigation into rescissions .
But they do not directly affect Delgadillo ’s lawsuit , which seeks sweeping remedies and penalties in excess of $ 1 billion .
Nor do they end a raft of suits filed by individuals seeking financial compensation from the health plans that dropped them .
Also pending are investigations by state Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner into the rescission practices of health plans ’ preferred - provider - type coverage that involve thousands more canceled policies .
The insurance industry has fought to retain the power to rescind the policies of members who fail to disclose medical information on applications that would cause a company to reject them or to charge them higher premiums .
They say that rescissions are a rarely used but important tool in rooting out fraud .
Advertisement
But regulators , lawmakers and law enforcement officials have accused the companies of abusing that tool by using confusing applications to trick consumers into making mistakes that could later be used against them and by failing to verify medical histories before issuing coverage .
Critics contend , the companies lie in wait , collecting premiums until a member gets seriously ill and then subjecting them to an often secretive and unfair investigation .
Daniel Zingale , a healthcare advisor to the governor , said the administration was pursuing legislation that would put the burden of proving that rescissions were fair and lawful on the health insurers .
But some legal experts and consumer advocates said they believed the law already did just that .
Advertisement
Jerry Flanagan , healthcare policy director for Consumer Watchdog , criticized the deals -- on the heels ’ of the Los Angeles city attorney ’s scathing indictment of the companies ’ practices -- as outrageous .
“ The regulator is rushing in to find the defendants ‘ not guilty ’ before the trial even begins , ” Flanagan said .
“ The state ’s largest insurers are paying pennies on the dollar for a get - out - of - jail - free card .
The governor and regulators are obstructing justice by giving the defendant a favorable review to use as a shield in court . ”
Flanagan said that in settling with the companies , regulators failed to complete their investigations of their rescission practices -- and failed to publicly disclose their findings as to their legality .
“ Punting to the Legislature is dereliction of duty , ” he said .
“ The governor does n’t need the Legislature to tell him that no innocent patient should ever lose their health insurance again . ”
Advertisement
--
lisa.girion@latimes.com
There 's nothing wrong with becoming old , but everything wrong with aging .
Old means experienced , invested , wealthier , time - tested and just all - round better for having been around the block .
Aging , on the other hand , is the direct result of biochemical damage you picked up along the way - ongoing deterioration that is a side - effect of being alive .
The passage of years brings a constant flow of opportunities for growth and self - improvement , until aging takes away your ability to compete , your ability to take care of yourself , and eventually your life .
Someone should look into that .
If you 're not one to think much about medical research , you might be under the impression that aging is fairly mysterious , a primal and inevitably metered process quite separate from the diseases of old age .
In fact that 's not the case .
Aging is exactly and precisely the root cause of those diseases of old age , and scientists have a good understanding of what aging actually is , once you get under the hood and start looking at cells and the cellular environment :
The short story is that aging is damage and change , rust and wear for our biology that is caused by the normal operation of human biochemistry .
You can't run machinery without causing wear , and you can't run factories full of machinery without creating waste by - products .
Machinery with a lot of rust and wear breaks down in any number of ways , and biological machinery is no exception - just a few classes of wear , rust and buildup of waste lead to a vast array of different malfunctions .
When you can't do anything about the rust , wear and waste , you put on the best face possible under the circumstances and soldier on .
Perhaps you convince yourself that the miseries of an increasingly damaged body and mind are for the best .
It 's a slowly boiling pot , but it 's our slowly boiling pot , and it 's all we have .
We humans are good at that sort of proactive self - deception for the sake of sanity in the face of the inevitable - we 've been doing it for a very long time indeed .
All habits outlive their usefulness , however , and self - deception about aging has lingered past its time .
These early years of the 21st century are the opening notes in a symphony of biotechnology , an expanding revolution in medicine , research and computation .
The breadth and speed of research in modern biotechnology is breathtaking ; already , the laboratories of of this decade are far beyond those of the 1990s :
If you think aging is inevitable , and that we should make the best of it , then you 're probably not helping the world 's researchers in their efforts to repair the damage that causes aging .
You see , funding for research is very dependant on the zeitgeist of the age .
If most people think that aging is inevitable , conservative funding bodies wo n't fund research aimed at the repair of biochemical damage that causes aging .
Thus little progress occurs , no - one in the public is given any reason to doubt that aging is inevitable , and medicines to repair aging are pushed further into the future , perhaps out of reach for you and I .
Given the choice to be old , wise and better without being aged , frail and ill , would n't you choose to repair the damage ?
It 's not a hypothetical question anymore , and the number of years it takes to develop medicines of repair for aging depends upon your answer .
Not only do we live in a new " age of authoritarianism , " but we live in a world where autocratic governments increasingly finance democratic governments .
Consider a chart that shows the increase in the foreign assets of the world ’s more authoritarian governments v the increase in the foreign assets of the world ’s democratic government .
Right now , autocratic governments generally do n’t finance other autocracies .
China ’s capital account is closed to Gulf sovereign funds ( nearly ) as tightly as it is closed to private hedge funds .
China ’s government is no more able to buy a stake in the Gulf ’s national oil companies than private investors .
China , Russia and the Gulf are all building up large financial claims on the United States and Europe far faster than they are building up financial claims on each other .
In the first chart , I included Russia and Venezuela alongside the world ’s authoritarian governments .
That can be debated .
Both Putin and Chavez have authoritarian sides , but both have also put their governments up for a vote .
But separating Russia and Venezuela out does n’t change the story much .
The rise in the foreign assets of the world ’s less - than - perfectly - democratic government is driven overwhelmingly by the rise in the foreign assets of the People ’s Republic of China and the Gulf monarchies .
Both graphs , incidentally , are drawn from a paper that I have been working on over the summer , so stay tuned .
The graphs include estimates for new inflows into sovereign funds ( and the increase in the foreign assets of Chinese state banks ) as well as the growth in central bank reserves .
And yes , they indicate that the increase in the foreign assets of the world ’s governments - particularly governments in the emerging world -- over the last four quarters has been truly extraordinary .
Earlier this week Gerald Seib noted -- quite correctly -- that high oil prices have increased the financial power of the world ’s less - than - democratic oil exporters .
Throw in the fact that high oil prices have yet to put a dent in China ’s current account surplus or the accumulation of China ’s foreign assets , and the shift in financial power away from from democratic governments is even more pronounced .
To me , one of the world ’s greatest ironies is that US dependence on authoritarian governments for financing has soared over the last four year .
US rhetoric has n’t matched financial reality .
Though I guess it is equally ironic that Russian purchases of Treasuries over the past few months have helped to finance the current US aid mission to Georgia .
One thing is clear : the world ’s biggest financial powers are no longer the world ’s large democracies .
A gathering of the countries that matter for global economic coordination will no longer be a gathering of the leaders of the world ’s big democracies .
Coordination among the large democracies was never easy -- and likely will only get harder as additional countries have to be brought in .
And that I suspect this is among the least significant -- though among the most visible -- ways the world will change as financial power moves away from the world ’s big democracies .
Update : Both Paul Krugman and Steve Waldman touched on similar themes today .
Both are worth reading .
NOTE : I ADJUSTED THE FIRST GRAPH IN LIGHT OF THE COMMENTS AFTER THE INITIAL POST
Associated Press writer Pamela
Hess reports on the Defense Intelligence Agency ’s scheme to greatly expand polygraph screening of its personnel .
It should be noted that Ana Belen Montes , the most notorious spy ever to infiltrate the DIA , was neither detected nor deterred by polygraph screening :
Pentagon ’s intelligence arm steps up lie detecting
By PAMELA HESS – 12 hours ago
WASHINGTON ( AP ) —
The Pentagon ’s intelligence arm is adding more polygraph studios and relying on outside contractors for the first time to conduct lie detection tests in an attempt to screen its 5,700 prospective and current employees every year .
The stepped - up effort by the Defense Intelligence Agency is part of a growing emphasis on counterintelligence , detecting and thwarting would - be spies and keeping sensitive information away from America ’s enemies .
A polygraph is not foolproof as a screening tool .
The test gives a high rate of false positives on innocent people , and guilty subjects can be trained to beat the system , according to expert Charles Honts , a psychology professor at Boise State University .
The National Research Council noted these deficiencies in a 2003 report .
The council , an arm of the National Academy of Sciences , found that lie detectors can be useful for ferreting out the truth in specific incidents , but are unreliable for screening prospective national security employees for trustworthiness .
“ Its accuracy in distinguishing actual or potential security violators from innocent test takers is insufficient to justify reliance on its use in employee security screening in federal agencies , ” the council concluded .
“ Polygraph testing as currently used has extremely serious limitations in such screening applications , if the intent is both to identify security risks and protect valued employees . ”
John Sullivan , a polygrapher with the CIA for 31 years , noted that turncoat Aldrich Ames , a CIA mole for the Soviets , beat a polygraph test twice .
But the prospect of facing a polygraph can deter future security violations , according to the council ’s report .
That prospect also increases the frequency of admission of violations — taking home classified documents , for example — and discourages people who may be security risks from applying .
“ Right now the polygraph is the best tool they have at their hands but it ’s not a tool that ’s without problems , ” Honts said .
The increase in lie detection at the DIA is three years in the making .
In 2005 the agency ’s director announced plans to test every prospective new DIA hire , whether a permanent federal worker or contract employee .
The DIA would not say how many prospective , current and past employees are screened annually , but a 2002 report to Congress said the agency conducted 1,345 counterintelligence polygraphs .
It also said the Defense Department had an average of about 160 government polygraphers on its payroll annually for the last decade .
The Pentagon ’s polygraphing institute trains all polygraphers for the government .
It produced 84 new examiners in 2002 , according to the latest publicly available statistics .
Until 2004 , Congress severely limited the Pentagon ’s authority to conduct polygraphs for counterintelligence purposes .
From 1988 to 1990 , it could conduct 10,000 a year .
From 1990 to 2004 , that number was cut to 5,000 .
Congress lifted that cap in 2004 at the request of the Defense Department .
Polygraph sessions are typically three - to four - hour interrogations .
A person is hooked up to a machine that measures physiological responses .
The subject is asked a series of “ yes ” and “ no ” questions .
The machine records changes in blood pressure , respiration and heart rate and electrical activity in the skin .
The polygrapher interprets that data to determine whether the answers show inconsistencies or indicate deception , based on established parameters
An unclassified DIA document describing the new effort says the contractor hired to perform the exams will conduct a minimum of 4,550 a year in 13 new polygraph studios .
The polygraphers would have to work at a brisk pace to meet the target : Each studio would need to complete 350 sessions a year to meet contract specifications .
Those 13 new studios would be added to the eight now manned by DIA polygraphers .
All would be overseen by DIA personnel .
The document says that the agency will , for the first time , hire contractors to administer the tests rather than relying on government polygraphers .
Mark Zaid is a lawyer who represents federal employees in lawsuits against the government , many involving disputed polygraphs .
He said the government ’s reliance on lie detection tools is an easy way around the more reliable , but more time - consuming , security background investigations .
There is a massive backlog for these .
“ It ’s a cheap fix to a broken system , ” Zaid said .
The problem , Zaid said , is that there is no process for government employees to challenge a polygrapher ’s interpretation of a test .
“ They get labeled a liar , and that ’s it , ” Zaid said .
Download Download ( h/t Heather )
Dana Milbank 's recent op - ed in The Washington Post changing its description of Barack Obama from the " presumptive " nominee to the " presumptuous " nominee has stirred not a little debate .
First there 's the utterly one - sided nature of the attack .
Milbank criticizes Obama for acting as presidential candidates act , as if he should n't visit with foreign heads of state that he would likely meet if elected president and other Washington figures and for having a big security detail .
Nothing Obama 's done is different from what McCain has done , it 's just been received better received .
But Obama is presumptuous and McCain is not , even though McCain had an ad calling himself " President McCain . "
Which leads into a more malevolent subtext for the choice of the word " presumptuous , " which is just a few words over in the thesaurus for the more loaded " uppity . "
Poor Rachel Maddow has to fight through made up quotes -- because the media does n't want to question why McCain is trying to portray Obama as messianic -- to challenge the media for selectively crying hubris .
Watch her put Pat Buchanan in his place .
MADDOW : Whether or not ( McCain 's attack ads ) are working , I think we have a responsibility to talk about whether or not they are deserved , Pat .
I think when John McCain does n‘t speak to Pat Buchanan as being presumptuous , when he calls himself President McCain , but Barack Obama speaks to you as presumptuous for doing something much less damning , that says more about you than it does about the candidate .
God , I love this woman .
Transcripts below the fold
BUCHANAN : Look , Rachel said there was humility , real humility here .
Let me read you his direct quote , according to Dana Milbank .
He ‘s telling the Congressional guys , " this is the moment the world is waiting for .
I have become a symbol of the possibility of America returning to our best traditions . "
Upon what meat has this our Caesar fed .
He ‘s sounding like America ‘s hot dog really .
MADDOW : Pat , the issue here is that that quote has been disproved today .
That quote has been contradicted by multiple other sources , talking to " Time Magazine , " talking to other reporters , explaining that he did not say that at all .
GREGORY : Let me break in .
Smerc , you ‘re coming .
The actual quote , as Politico reported on this - this is what Obama reportedly said , according to Politico : " it ‘s becoming increasingly clear in my travel , the campaign , that the crowds , the enthusiasm , 200,000 people in Berlin , it ‘s not about me at all .
It ‘s about America .
I have just become a symbol . "
Smerc .
SMERCONISH :
All right , nobody was in the room from a journalistic standpoint when that statement was offered .
But , the " New York Times , " I ‘m amazed nobody has brought this up so far , June 4th , 2008 , a direct quote from Senator Obama : " I love when I ‘m shaking hands on a rope line and I see a little old white lady and a big burly black guy and Latino girls and all their hands are entwined .
They are feeding on each other , as much as on me .
It ‘s like I ‘m just the excuse . "
In other words , he ‘s said it before in the proper context .
It ‘s a feel good statement about the country and what he represents .
We do n‘t have to debate what he said behind closed doors , because we have him on the record .
Giving him the benefit of the doubt , he said the same thing yesterday that he told the Times on this day .
MADDOW : Which I would argue is a symbol of humility and not hubris , but people want to run win the hubris line , I think for prejudiced reasons .
BUCHANAN : Is Dana Milbank doing this for prejudice reasons ?
Come on .
MADDOW : I ‘m not accusing him of being racist .
( CROSS TALK )
MADDOW : Pat , how could you look at -
BUCHANAN : Everybody that ‘s critical of Obama , when he‘s in a rough patch , to which he ‘s responding with angry ads which show these attacks are working .
MADDOW : Whether or not they are working , I think we have a responsibility to talk about whether or not they are deserved , Pat .
I think when John McCain does n‘t speak to Pat Buchanan as being presumptuous , when he calls himself President McCain , but Barack Obama speaks to you as presumptuous for doing something much less damning , that says more about you than it does about the candidate .
GREGORY : Got to take a break here .
Coming back , your play date with the panel .
Partial Evaluation and Automatic Program Generation
Download the full text of the book
If you have a Postscript printer or Postscript emulator , use the Postscript version ( 2.3 MB )
If you want to read it from the screen , use the PDF versions : PDF ( US letter ) ( 1.7 MB ) or PDF ( A4 ) ( 1.7 MB ) .
Browse full text at Google Books .
What is partial evaluation ?
Let p be a program which takes two inputs d1 and d2 .
Ordinarily , the application of p to ( d1,d2 ) would be evaluated in one step :
Evaluate p with input ( d1 , d2 ) , to produce the result res .
(1) Partially evaluate p with input d1 , to produce a new program r. ( 2 ) Evaluate r with input d2 , to produce the result res .
The book 's bibliographic data
How to obtain a copy of the book
Getting a paper copy may be harder ; the book is out of print .
You may find it second - hand somewhere , or else you may contact Neil D. Jones or Peter Sestoft to see if we have any copies left .
Contacting the authors
Online materials related to the book
Other online materials on partial evaluation
His words might have carried more weight if he , Cheney and Rummy had not kicked off the 21st century with a ham - fisted display of global bullying and intimidation modeled after Sherman ’s march through the other Georgia .
We knew we could count on the cheerleader in chief to be jumping around like a kid in Beijing with bikini - clad beach volleyball players while the Re-Evil Empire was sending columns of tanks into its former republic .
( Georgia made the mistake of baiting the bear . )
If only W. had taken the rest of his presidency as seriously as he ’s taken his sports outings .
When I interviewed him at the start of his first presidential run in 1999 , he took an obvious shot and told me , “ I believe the big issues are going to be China and Russia . ”
But after 9/11 , he let Cheney , Rummy and the neocons gull him into a destructive obsession with Iraq .
While America has been bogged down and bled dry , China and Russia are plumping up .
China has bought so much of America that we’d be dead Peking ducks if they pulled their investments out of our market , and Russia has transformed itself from a pauper nation to a land filled with millionaires  all through our addiction to oil .
Image Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
What was so galling about watching W.’s giddy sightseeing at the Olympics was that it underscored China ’s rise as a superpower and , thanks to the administration ’s derelict foreign and economic policies , America ’s fade - out .
It ’s as though China has become us and we ’ve become Europe .
Like Russia , China has also been showing jagged authoritarian ways and ignoring America ’s preaching , including W. ’s tame criticism as he flew into Beijing to revel in the spectacle of China ’s ascension .
Complex Liquid Hydrocarbon World Unveiled On Saturn's Titan
During the slow descent through the atmosphere of Saturn , the Huygens landing probe from the European Space Agency ( ESA ) that had been in the Saturn system with NASA 's Cassini orbiter since 14 January 2005 , sent back pictures of a complex network of valleys that form a larger flat , low - lying area .
The pictures , which show a mosaic of peaks of between seven and thirteen kilometres in height , caused a sensation in the science world , although they revealed that the satellite Titan did not have liquid hydrocarbon oceans , though at certain times fluid did appear to flow on the surface , which have eroded the valleys out of the icy landscape .
This may well be what can be seen in the lower third of the picture .
The colourful mosaic is probably the result of differences in light intensity on the surface of Titan under its atmosphere of nitrogen and methane .
Credit : ESA / NASA / JPL / University of Arizona .
by Staff Writers
Bonn , Germany ( SPX ) Jul 31 , 2008
Until now , the Earth was considered to be the only place in the solar system where it rains and where precipitation feeds streams which eventually drain into standing bodies of water .
But using the Cassini space probe , a group of researchers which includes scientists of the German Aerospace Center ( Deutsches Zentrum fur Luft - und Raumfahrt ; DLR ) have now discovered a lake on Saturn 's moon Titan .
They have also discovered that it rains on Titan as well , and that the precipitation feeds streams which flow across the surface and which , through erosion , cut valleys deep into the icy landscape .
" We are quite certain that there is at least one large liquid - filled lake on Titan " , stated Professor Ralf Jaumann of the DLR Institute of Planetary Research ( DLR - Institut fur Planetenforschung ) in Berlin .
" The measurements carried out with the VIMS spectrometer on board the Cassini space probe are all point in the same direction : Close to Titan 's south polar region , we have discovered a lake filled with liquid ethane :
The lake contains natural gas in a more or less liquid state . "
It is likely that the ethane is mixed with other liquids , such as methane or other light hydrocarbons from the alkane series .
The newly - discovered lake is called Ontario Lacus , in reference to the 300 - kilometre long Lake Ontario near Niagara Falls on the US - Canadian border , because of the similarity in shape between the two .
In a second research project , led by Professor Jaumann , researchers investigated widely branched valleys in other areas of Titan .
" These can only have been created under the influence of stream erosion " , according to the Berlin - based planetary researcher , who is also prominently involved in the research into Ontario Lacus .
This " river network " set in a hilly landscape on Titan was first discovered on images recorded by the Huygens atmospheric entry probe , which was carried to Saturn by Cassini and which on 14 January descended through Titan 's atmosphere before securely landing on its surface .
Scientists had already suspected for quite some time that liquid methane , ethane , or other light hydrocarbon compounds exist on Titan , whose dense atmosphere makes it impossible to get a direct view of the surface .
Titan 's atmosphere is in fact so dense that only a blurred image of the moon 's icy surface can be obtained using a regular camera .
Only through so - called " atmospheric windows " , in very specific , narrowly limited near - infrared wavelengths , can one see details of Titan 's landscape .
Valleys carrying almost as much liquid as the Rhine
" In the meantime , we have discovered such valley systems in many other places on Titan by using the spectrometer and the radar instrument " , Mr Jaumann explains .
" Our analyses show that at least from time to time , considerable amounts of liquids must have flowed through these valleys " .
Adjusted for the conditions on Titan , up to 1 600 cubic metres of liquid per second could have flowed through the rifts - which amounts to about two thirds of the amount of water flowing from the Rhine into the North Sea .
There are only two possible sources for the liquid hydrocarbons :
Either it rains methane and ethane from Titan 's atmosphere , or volcanic heat from the moon 's interior pushes the hydrocarbons , which are liquid at 180 degrees below zero , from the inside out onto the surface .
" We are inclined to consider precipitation as the most likely source of the liquids , as the branched valley systems extend over wide areas and do not originate from single sources , but the question can only be answered conclusively by further measurements , which we have planned during the next two years " .
First indications for the presence of lakes and streams on Titan .
Measurements carried out by the VIMS spectrometer ( Visual and Infrared Mapping Spectrometer ) , an imaging spectrometer for visible light and wavelengths of the near - infrared spectrum which is carried on board Cassini , provided the scientists with evidence that Ontario Lacus does indeed contain liquid .
The VIMS team , of which Ralf Jaumann is also a member , will publish its findings in the current issue of the scientific journal Nature , as well as in the technical journal Icarus .
This marks a significant milestone for research into Titan and the Saturn system :
Even before the Cassini mission , there were speculations about the existence of a whole ocean of methane or ethane on Titan , but neither the measurements obtained so far by Cassini from its orbit around Saturn , nor the experiments carried out by the Huygens atmospheric probe , which on 14 January 2005 landed on Titan 's icy surface after separating from Cassini , provided conclusive evidence of the existence of such an ocean .
The assumption that there may nevertheless be at least isolated standing bodies of water on Titan dates from mid-2005 , when the Cassini camera system recorded parts of the southern hemisphere using a near - infrared filter .
The resulting images showed Ontario Lacus as a flat surface hardly reflecting any light .
In the high northern latitudes , Cassini 's radar later discovered many large , remarkably smooth surfaces resembling lakes .
Just as in the case of Ontario Lacus , the researchers established that this northern " lake district " has a quite low reflectivity .
At the time , the area was also investigated using VIMS .
However , as the atmosphere is denser in those parts , the measurements were very " noisy " and their resolution was too low , so they did not lead to more detailed insights .
Late next year , when spring arrives in Titan 's northern hemisphere , Cassini 's orbit and the conditions for more precise observations using VIMS will be much more favourable .
This will perhaps allow scientists to obtain evidence for the assumption that these surfaces are actually lakes .
Titan is one of the most exciting " test labs for prehistory " in the solar system
With its diameter of 5 150 kilometres , Titan is the second largest moon in the solar system - and the only one with an atmosphere of any significance .
Titan 's atmosphere consists of about 95 percent nitrogen , with the remainder consisting mainly of trace amounts of methane and ethane .
In this it resembles the Earth 's atmosphere as it was before it started to change under the influence of the evolution of life , three to four billion years ago .
The existence of organic molecules , i.e. hydrocarbon compounds , in Titan 's atmosphere makes it an exciting laboratory for studying the chemical processes which occurred on Earth three to four billion years ago .
Some researchers even think that there may be a layer of meltwater under Titan 's icy crust , an ocean several kilometres below the surface .
All this makes this satellite of Saturn one of the most interesting subjects for research into our solar system .
The Cassini-Huygens mission is a joint project of NASA , the European Space Agency ESA and the Italian Space Agency ASI .
The Jet Propulsion Laboratory , a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena ( California ) , manages the mission for NASA .
Several DLR scientists are involved in the mission .
DLR Space Agency ( DLR Raumfahrt - Agentur ) supports the mission through ESA , and it supports scientists from German universities and from the Max Planck Society ( Max - Planck - Gesellschaft ) who are involved in the mission .
Very recently , on 1 July , the Cassini mission was extended by another two years .
Until mid-2010 , the probe will circle around Saturn 60 more times , and it will perform 26 close flybys of Titan during this period .
Posted by : Loren Coleman on July 29th , 2008
Found only three years ago in its tiny forest home in Tanzania , a monkey species may soon be extinct .
The kipunji ( Rungwecebus kipunji and also known as the Highland Mangabey ) was discovered in 2005 in the Southern Highlands and Udzungwa Mountains in Tanzania .
In 2006 , genetic analyses revealed the species represented an entire new genus of primate — the first since 1923 .
“ The kipunji is hanging on by the thinnest of threads , ” said Tim Davenport , Tanzania country director for the Wildlife Conservation Society ( WCS ) .
“ We must do all we can to safeguard this extremely rare and little understood species while there is still time . ”
The WCS has published a census of the endangered primate , revealing 1,117 individuals of the species reside in two isolated forest regions spanning less than 7 square miles ( 18 square kilometers ) .
The animals live in 38 groups , each with 15 to 39 members .
The forest - dweller sports long whiskers and a crest of hair on the tip of its head .
The monkey is known for its unique honk - bark call .
WCS researchers found that much of the monkey ’s remaining habitat is severely degraded by illegal logging and land conversion .
This loss of habitat along with the monkey being hunted by poachers has WCS scientists worried about the species ’ survival .
WCS officials are proposing that that the kipunji be classified by the World Conservation Union ( IUCN ) as “ critically endangered , ” which means the species is threatened with extinction in the wild if immediate conservation action is not taken .
About Loren Coleman
Loren Coleman is one of the world ’s leading cryptozoologists , some say “ the ” leading living cryptozoologist .
Certainly , he is acknowledged as the current living American researcher and writer who has most popularized cryptozoology in the late 20th and early 21st centuries .
Starting his fieldwork and investigations in 1960 , after traveling and trekking extensively in pursuit of cryptozoological mysteries , Coleman began writing to share his experiences in 1969 .
An honorary member of Ivan T. Sanderson ’s Society for the Investigation of the Unexplained in the 1970s , Coleman has been bestowed with similar honorary memberships of the North Idaho College Cryptozoology Club in 1983 , and in subsequent years , that of the British Columbia Scientific Cryptozoology Club , CryptoSafari International , and other international organizations .
He was also a Life Member and Benefactor of the International Society of Cryptozoology ( now - defunct ) .
Loren Coleman ’s daily blog , as a member of the Cryptomundo Team , served as an ongoing avenue of communication for the ever - growing body of cryptozoo news from 2005 through 2013 .
He returned as an infrequent contributor beginning Halloween week of 2015 .
Coleman is the founder in 2003 , and current director of the International Cryptozoology Museum in Portland , Maine .
This entry was posted on Tuesday , July 29th , 2008 at 1:00 pm and is filed under Breaking News , Classic Animals of Discovery , Cryptotourism , CryptoZoo News , Cryptozoologists , Cryptozoology , Extinct , Forensic Science , New Species .
You can follow responses via our RSS 2.0 feed .
You can skip to the end and leave a response .
Pinging is not allowed .
Facebook Google + Twitter Pinterest Email Print Delicious Digg Fark Google Instapaper LinkedIn MySpace Newsvine Pocket Readability Reddit StumbleUpon Tumblr Yahoo !
Advertisements
In a letter to the Commission on Presidential Debates , Barack Obama ’s campaign manager David Plouffe seems to reject the idea of Obama and McCain engaging in a series of town hall appearances around the country .
“ Due to the late date of the two parties ’ nominating conventions , and the relatively short period between the end of the conventions and the first proposed debate , it is likely that the four Commission debates will be the sole series of debates in the fall campaign .
Consequently , we believe that finalizing the arrangements for these debates with promptness and certainty is in the interests of both campaigns and the American people , ” Plouffe wrote .
The McCain campaign had originally proposed that the two candidates hold a series of joint town hall meetings without national television coverage or a moderator .
This would have been a wonderful format for McCain who excels in the town hall format , but is bad on television , and a terrible debater .
For the Obama this format would leave him with little to gain , and a lot to lose .
Advertisements
Back when the McCain campaign cared about issues , they made this proposal as a campaign gimmick .
They wanted Obama to reject their idea , so that they could campaign on the idea that Obama is afraid to debate them and discuss the issues , but after 22 Democratic debates and more than a dozen Republican debates , I like the idea of no more debates until September 26 .
I have never heard anyone say three presidential debates , and one vice presidential debate after Labor Day are not enough .
Voters are not clamoring for more debates , and joint appearances .
What I would like to see is Ralph Nader and Bob Barr in some form included in the debates .
The biggest problem is n’t that there are too few debates , but that the debates are only open to two candidates .
Obama was right to reject the town hall format , but both campaigns are doing voters a disservice by excluding all the major candidates from the debates .
The contact information for every HJC member can be found on the HJC website .
The HJC office phone number can be found below .
Write each of them , call them and quote to them their own words .
Ask if they serve the country first or party first .
Ask them to honor their oath of office to “ support and defend the Constitution of the United States against … ” domestic enemies to the Constitution George W. Bush and Richard B. Cheney .
House Judiciary Committee
2138 Rayburn House Office Building
Washington , DC 20515
p/202-225-3951
Nasa hopes its
Orion ship will take it back to the Moon Nasa has pushed back by a year its internal target date for flying the successor to the shuttle .
Agency officials say they are now aiming for September 2014 for the first crewed mission of the Orion ship .
This is a year later than Nasa had hoped for , but still inside its March 2015 absolute deadline .
The officials say the funds currently available to develop Orion and its
Ares launch rocket mean the faster timeline is no longer tenable .
Engineers also need time to grapple with a range of technical issues as they develop the new systems .
These include trying to reduce the levels of vibration astronauts are likely to experience when they lift off atop the new Ares vehicle .
" The commitment date we have made to the administration and Congress has been March 2015 and that has n't changed .
" What we have changed is our internal planning date , " explained Doug Cooke , the Nasa deputy associate administrator in the Exploration Systems Mission Directorate .
" Without as much information as we have today , we were attempting to close the gap between shuttle retirement and the first flight of Orion and Ares 1 to the absolute minimum ; and so we were trying to push the project towards a September 2013 date internally .
" That was not a commitment in any sense because we knew we had not built into that any contingencies ; everything would have to go perfect to make that date , and would probably have required some additional funding .
" Now we 've changed our planning date from September 2013 date to a September 2014 date . "
In July , the US space agency fixed the dates of its last shuttle flights .
The final orbiter to launch before the whole fleet goes into retirement will be Endeavour on 31 May , 2010 .
The timeline envisaged by Nasa means routine Orion trips to the International Space Station ( ISS ) to exchange crews are unlikely to occur before 2016 .
In the meantime , the agency will have to rely instead on Russian Soyuz capsules ; or on a commercial system developed by the Californian SpaceX company , assuming this is flight - approved .
Remaining shuttle missions in 2008 8 October - Atlantis : A mission to repair and upgrade the Hubble Space Telescope .
10 November - Endeavour : ISS re-supply , and servicing of rotary joints that allow the big solar arrays to track the Sun .
Shuttle missions in 2009 12 February - Discovery : Final pair of solar arrays to be installed on the starboard end of the station 's backbone .
15 May - Endeavour : Delivery of third and final component of the Japanese Kibo Laboratory .
30 July - Atlantis : Largely a logistics mission , but it will include spacewalks to install equipment on Europe 's Columbus lab .
15 October - Discovery :
The flight will take up two spare gyroscopes that are needed to maintain station stability .
10 December - Endeavour : Delivery of the final connecting node , Node 3 , together with the European - built Cupola observation window .
Shuttle missions in 2010 11 February - Atlantis : Another logistics mission to make sure the station is fully stocked with supplies .
8 April - Discovery :
The flight will see the installation of a Russian Mini Research Module to be attached at the rear of the ISS .
31 May - Endeavour :
The last flight .
The 15 - day mission will be the 35th orbiter flight to the station .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Even as Barack Obama proposes fiscally responsible tax reform to strengthen our economy and restore the balance that has been lost in recent years , we hear the familiar protests and distortions from the guardians of the broken status quo .
Many of these very same critics made many of these same overheated predictions in previous elections .
They said President Clinton 's 1993 deficit - reduction plan would wreck the economy .
Eight years and 23 million new jobs later , the economy proved them wrong .
Now they are making the same claims ...
1 Enema Monument
A health spa in Russsia has unveiled on June , 2008 , its tribute to a medical procedure it administers there routinely : the enema !
” We administer enemas nearly every day , ” said Alexander Kharchenko , the head of the sanatorium which specializes in treating illnesses of the digestion tract .
“ So , I thought , why not use our sense of humor and give it a monument , ” he said of the bronze statue that stands about 1.5 meters high .
Local artist Svetlana Avakova , who designed the monument which cost around 1 million roubles ( $ 42,000 ) , said Botticelli ’s classic painting Venus and Mars had given her the inspiration to tackle the tricky subject .
2 Fellatio Monument
Jeju Island , a.k. a the next Hainan , is a subtropical island in South Korea .
Also known as the honeymooner ’s island , it ’s got a lot to build a romantic atmosphere : balmy weather , soft sand , a pretty coastline , and more .
There ’s also the sex garden .
Jeju Love Land is a “ sculpture theme park ” that features giant statues of naked ladies , naked gents , and all sorts of sexytime fun .
Much like the potato chip , a portrait of oneself next to Love Land ’s fellatio monument is a blogger ’s best dream come true .
There ’s a gift shop on the premises that sells all the accessories you ’d expect .
3 Monument to Radioactive Decay
What do you do when you have a barn - sized pile of nuclear waste materials that you have to store for 100 years while it loses its toxicity ?
In the Netherlands , the answer was to stick it inside a giant art project : specifically , this orange building called the Habog Facility , covered in physics formulas by Einstein and Planck .
Every twenty years , the building will be repainted in a lighter color to symbolize the slowly decaying radiation in the waste .
The waste in the building comes from two different nuclear reactors .
Under local law , it must be stored for 100 years .
William Verstraeten , the artist who designed the facility , views his piece as a commentary on metaphorphosis .
Open for tours , the building also contains four symbolic paintings .
4 Upside - down Monument to La Trobe
This contemporary monument to Charles La Trobe in central Melbourne was removed at the end of June 2006 and has been acquired by La Trobe University .
5 World ’s Largest Booming Prairie Chicken
This massive prairie chicken is propped up in the small town of Rothsay , Minnesota .
From the plaque : “ Prairie chickens moved ahead of the settlers to inhabit the prairies of Minnesota .
A large concentration of the protected bird can still be seen on prairie meadows of the Rothsay area .
In the early spring the male prairie chicken performs his mating ritual called booming .
This statue of a booming prairie chicken was designed and built by Art Fosse with assistance and funds from the community .
The statue stands 13 x 18 feet and weighs 9,000 pounds .
It was placed on this site and unveiled , June 15 , 1976 . “
6 Penis Monument : 30 foot
An amusement park in the city of Changchun in northern China has just constructed the world ’s largest penis .
A sure way to bring a few extra customers ( but maybe put off a few too ) , this 30 - foot phallic named the Sky Pillar is a concrete pole wrapped in straw at the Longwan Shaman Amusement Park .
Apparently it ’s all for historical reasons : Legend says a Shaman hero named Ewenki vanquished a cruel female ruler and gave her a penis totem , telling her to respect males and not kill them at will .
7 Monument to Rocky Balboa… in Serbia !
Big monuments can really make a town .
Especially when there ’s nothing else to see .
The Serbian village of Zitiste knows this .
Sick of getting on the tourist radar only for heavy flooding and landslides , they ’ve come up with a plan to make Zitiste famous for something quite different : a giant statue of Rocky Balboa .
The Serbians of Zitiste want to get this right , and have not only asked for assistance from Philadelphia officials ( experienced in such matters ) , but have also formed the Association of Rocky Balboa ( Zitiste ) .
There is even method behind their madness :
” We wanted to create a new image of our village … We thought long and hard about what would represent our new image , and we came up with Rocky Balboa .
He is a character who never gives up and even when he looks to be beaten he picks himself up and wins through . ”
8 Monument to Benedict Arnold ’s injured foot
The Boot Monument is an American Revolutionary War memorial that commemorates an unnamed American Patriot general , Benedict Arnold .
The monument commemorates Arnold ’s contribution to the Continental Army ’s victory over the British in the Battle of Saratoga .
Arnold was wounded in the foot during the Arnold expedition as well as at Saratoga near where the monument is located at Tour Stop # 7 – Berryman Redoubt .
The injury effectively ended his career as a fighting soldier .
Benedict Arnold is not mentioned by name on the monument because , several years later the wounded Arnold turned traitor to the United States and joined with the British and their Loyalists .
Arnold attempted unsuccessfully to hand over his American command , West Point , to the British .
Although this attempt failed , Arnold was given the rank of a British brigadier general and the British exchequer paid him £ 6,000 .
9 Shark Monument
The Shark became the most famous resident of Headington ( Oxford , UK ) when it landed in the roof of 2 New High Street on 9 August 1986 .
This ordinary home ( built as a semi - detached house in about 1860 but now attached by a link to a second house to the north ) suddenly became the centre of world attention , and the headless shark still excites interest today .
10 Monument to the Pig
The monument in Kalach is Russia ’s first dedicated to a pig .
“ We wanted to thank this wonderful animal for all it has given to the area . ” said Nikolay Astanin , general director of the local meat industry in Kalach , close to the south western city of Voronezh .
Aides to ' straight talk '
McCain wo n't be questioned by critical reporters Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday July 8 , 2008
Print This Email This Update : McCain issues non-denial denial to call - screen charge Back in 2000 , when John McCain was building his reputation as a straight talking maverick , he became famous for his lengthy freewheeling rap sessions with reporters aboard his campaign bus .
Of course , that was before the blogosphere revolutionized the media landscape , when the only journalists who could get that kind of access to a candidate worked for major papers and networks that could foot the hefty travel bills .
Eight years later , the Democratic campaigns adapted to an era where anyone with a laptop could report on a campaign , and they opened daily conference calls to virtually anyone with a question , from NBC News and the Associated Press to RAW STORY and Talking Points Memo ( at least a few crank callers got into the mix as well ) .
McCain 's campaign seems to be keeping a much tighter yoke on its daily press calls .
David Corn , a Mother Jones correspondent and frequent antagonizer to Hillary Clinton 's advisers , outlines the evidence that McCain 's team takes conference call questions only from friendly reporters .
When a reporter calls in for a conference call , he or she is asked by an operator to provide his or her name and media outlet .
Then when it comes time for questions , there is a long pause -- long enough for someone in the campaign to select whom should be called on .
This has caused several journalists who have participated in these calls to wonder : is the McCain campaign screening reporters , and , if so , on what basis ?
A reporter for a progressive media outlet says that he has tried at least half a dozen times to ask a question on a McCain conference call and has had never been selected .
The same has happened to me .
No matter how quickly I press * 1 , I 'm never afforded the opportunity to pose a question .
During a June 27 McCain campaign call with former Republican Massachusetts Governor Jane Swift ( who was deriding Obama for holding a unity rally with Hillary Clinton at Unity , New Hampshire ) , I raised my hand , electronically .
Two reporters were called on -- one from AOL News , the other from the Tampa Tribune -- and then the McCain aide hosting the call said , " Seems we are out of questions , " and ended the call .
My hand was still up .
The easy suspicion is that McCain aides are playing favorites and are not as enthusiastic about confronting tough questions as their boss .
During a July 1 McCain campaign call featuring Senator Lindsey Graham and Orson Swindle ( who was a Vietnam POW with McCain ) , only two questions were taken -- both from conservative bloggers ....
At least Corn has the opportunity to listen in fruitlessly .
On at least a half - dozen occassions over the last several months including again on Tuesday , RAW STORY has requested to be included on McCain 's press distribution list , only to be ignored on every occassion .
It 's unclear if this has anything to do with it .
Update The McCain campaign never returned Corn 's or our requests for comment Tuesday , but they did talk to Talking Points Memo's Greg Sargent McCain spokesperson Brian Rogers tells me that the first time the McCain campaign hears the questions that are asked on the call is when the entire call - full of reporters hears them .
" No one knows the questions before they 're asked , " Rogers said .
" No one hears the questions before they 're asked . "
But are the questioners permitted to ask a question -- or blocked from doing so -- based on the news org they 're affiliated with ?
" You 've been on the calls , " Rogers replied .
" We take on all comers . "
Sargent goes on to note that TPM reporter Eric Kleefeld has never been able to ask a question on the calls , despite numerous attempts .
Corn is unsatisfied with the explanation .
Whether the McCain advisers hear the questions in advance , which Rogers denies , " is not the issue , " Corn emphasizes , noting that the McCain spokesman refused to give a straightforward denial that the campaign screens its conference calls .
" All in all , " Corn writes , " not a very convincing denial from the McCain campaign . "
T. Boone Pickens certainly has a keen sense of timing .
The Texas oilman called $ 100 oil when that was a crazy idea , and now he 's climbing on the green bandwagon with the best of them .
Which first ?
( AP )
Mr. Pickens is investing billions of dollars to build the world 's biggest wind farm , in Texas .
Today , he launched a huge public - policy push ...
Old - Style Russian Propaganda
This is like something from the cold war .
First , take a look at this clip from Fox News :
You only need to watch 30 seconds of it , but you can watch more if you want .
It is an interview with a 12 - year - old American who , along with her aunt , was in South Ossetia when the fighting broke out in Georgia .
If you watch the tape , you will see that the people being interviewed are staunch supporters of the Russians and blame everything on the Georgian government .
The next clip is in Russian , but you do n’t need to understand Russian to get what is going on .
It takes about 40 seconds into the clip before the good part starts .
Emir Kamenica and Elena Zinchenko , who both speak Russian , describe what happens as follows :
What ’s happening here is that the Russians are showing a bit about how American media is engaging in information warfare against Russia .
They provide an example of [ how ] one American interview went wrong .
The voice - over in Russian makes it seem as if — when the aunt starts blaming Georgia — the interviewer starts coughing loudly to cover her comments , becomes extremely rude , and cuts her off without giving her a chance to continue .
As you can tell by watching the original clip , however , all of this is completely fabricated .
Two things strike me as completely bizarre about this Russian clip .
First , the interview is completely pro-Russia .
I can see why the Russian media might show anti-Russia TV clips to demonstrate American media bias .
Would n’t that be simpler than what they do here ?
Second , would n’t it be obvious to any Russian viewer that when this was originally shown in the United States , it would have been in English — and thus the coughing was dubbed in later ?
( Addendum : After I wrote this , but before it was posted , The New York Times wrote this article discussing the news clips .
Also after I wrote this and before I posted it , the Russian news outlet that produced it took it down off its web page , presumably because of the embarrassing attention it was receiving .
In the age of YouTube , however , you can run but you ca n’t hide . )
If there is any political leader on earth who would feel untroubled by the proximity of a lightly clad beauty , then it is surely Silvio Berlusconi .
The media mogul and Italy 's prime minister made a large part of his fortune televising variety shows packed with scarcely veiled , undulating female flesh .
One of the members of his cabinet - the equal opportunities minister , Mara Carfagna - was until just a few years ago a topless model and showgirl on one of his television channels .
So it was with something approaching incredulity that it emerged yesterday that Berlusconi 's staff had perpetrated an act of censorship worthy of the Victorians who fitted skirts to table legs .
Over the table at which Berlusconi holds press conferences in Palazzo Chigi , Italy 's equivalent of No 10 Downing Street , hangs a huge copy of a painting by the 18th - century Venetian master Giovanni Battista Tiepolo .
It was selected by Berlusconi himself .
Slap in the middle of the painting is a neat , round female breast .
During press conferences , as a commentator writing for the daily La Stampa noted , the breast floats above the prime minister 's head " like a halo " .
This , it was felt , was too much for the sensibilities of a nation that - long before Berlusconi came along - had been feasting its eyes on half - naked Magdalenes and Minervas , not to mention the blatantly erotic statuary of Antonio Canova .
Tiepolo 's breast , with attendant nipple , had to go .
Photos taken of the most recent press conference at Palazzo Chigi show the central figure has been retouched .
An extra fold of clothing has appeared that covers the offending breast .
Berlusconi's chief spin doctor , the junior minister Paolo Bonaiuti , told Corriere della Sera it was " an initiative of those on the staff of the prime minister who take care of Berlusconi 's image " .
He went on : " That breast [ and ] that nipple ended up right in the shots the news bulletins used [ for coverage of ] the press conferences . "
He added that the prime minister 's image advisers feared that such a sight might offend the sensibilities of some television viewers .
What is clear , however , is that the elimination of the breast , and its accompanying nipple , has offended at least as much the sensibilities of some of Berlusconi 's own admirers .
The art critic Vittorio Sgarbi , who was a junior culture minister in an earlier Berlusconi government , said : " I truly hope the decision to carry out this absurd , crazy , pathetic , comic and useless retouching has been carried out without [ Berlusconi's ] knowledge .
All the more so if the idea was to do him a favour by not associating in the public mind a boob with someone who is - how to say ?
- susceptible to female charm . "
Photos published yesterday showed the painting untouched in May .
It appears therefore to have been covered at around the time the prime minister was becoming entangled in a succession of controversies involving women friends and associates .
Last month , he cancelled a television interview in which he was to have answered questions about his relationship with the 32 - year - old Carfagna and the alleged existence of tapes of compromising exchanges between them .
Carfagna has refused to comment on the claims , saying only : " I do n't deal with telephone intercepts , with gossip , with nonsense . "
At the same time , a court in Rome has been hearing a case brought by the ex-husband of a TV announcer who claims he lost his job because of the 71 - year - old Berlusconi 's relationship with his estranged wife .
The prime minister 's lawyers have heatedly disputed his allegations .
The Tiepolo controversy carries an added layer of interest because the lady who has been tampered with in the allegoric work is Truth .
And her semi-nudity is central to the meaning of the work , entitled Time Unveiling Truth , painted around 1743 .
In a very literal sense , it is about the " naked truth " .
Floating on a cloud in one of Tiepolo 's hallmark , duck - egg blue skies , Truth cosies up to an elderly , bearded Time who has just apparently stripped her to the waist .
In one hand , Truth holds a mirror that reflects her semi-nudity to a figure representing Lies .
Unable to cope with the sight , he covers his eyes .
Opposition politicians can be expected to note that , now Truth has a new top fitted by Berlusconi 's image consultant , Lies should feel altogether more at ease in the office of Italy 's prime minister .
The Italian 's phrase book
· In April this year Berlusconi caused outrage after saying " Zapatero [ Spain 's prime minister ] has formed a government that is too pink , something that we cannot do in Italy because there is a prevalence of men in politics and it is n't easy to find women who are qualified ...
He will have problems leading them "
· Earlier this year he said of the prime ministerial candidate for Italy 's La Destra ( The Right ) party : " People will vote for la Santanche because she is a beautiful babe "
· During his last election campaign he told female supporters , " Ladies ... I have a mission for you on election day : cook !
Sweet and exquisite things , please .
Bring them to the polling station to be examined .
The boldest can try making a tart , the most skilful , profiteroles "
· In the run up to this year 's election he observed , " The left has no taste , not even when it comes to women ...
As for our [ women candidates ] being more beautiful , I say that because in parliament they have no competition "
· In March he imparted the following advice to a hard - up female student : " The best thing would be for you to find a millionaire , " adding , " with a smile like yours you can do it "
· On welcoming newly elected female MP Mara Carfagna to parliament he joked : " I am obliged to remind you of a rule in the Forza Italia group , the jus primae noctis . "
( a Latin reference to the medieval " law of the first night " which gave the lord of an estate the right to " deflower " new brides )
· In 2005 , he claimed he had " brushed up " all his " playboy skills " to persuade Finland 's president , Tarja Halonen , to agree to host the European Food Safety Authority in Italy
Holly Bentley
How fast can you type ?
Probably pretty fast , if you 're reading this site .
If you 're like me , 294 words per minute * .
Honest !
I just timed myself !
* 294WPM is based on repeatedly typing the word " a " for a minute straight .
I had 100 % accuracy with the " a "s , but sometimes hit the spacebar twice by accident .
Not only can I type pretty fast , but most of the time I 'm not even looking at the keybiurd or the screem !
Same goes for James G. , who had to pass a typing exam ( or take a touch - typing class ) during his first semester of college .
As a geek , he was n't worried .
With all the typing that comes with being a programming major — hell , all the typing that comes with being a student , he had nothing to fear .
And with his confidence he'd never even considered signing up for the touch - typing class ( plus he 'd already taken a touch - typing class way back in junior high ) .
Wanting to get the it out of the way , he signed up for the first available time to take the test .
With a confident stride James walked into the computer lab .
A bored lab assistant lead him to a computer and gave him the full instructions he needed to take the test .
" Do whatever it says on the screen .
Oh , here , " he said , handing James a sheet of paper .
James was to retype several paragraphs from the sheet of paper that the lethargic lab assistant gave him .
Reading through the sheet , James was n't sure of one thing .
" So should I end each line like it is on the paper ?
Is this word - wrapped , or is each line terminated by a carriage return ? "
It was apparently the first time the phrase " carriage return " had graced the assistant 's ears , so after a moment of considering the question , he gave an apathetic , " whatever , just like it is on the paper . "
James realized that he did n't phrase the question well , so he asked again .
" Do I hit enter after each line ? "
" No , just type it , " replied the stolid lab assistant dismissively .
The test instructions said that he had to achieve a minimum of twenty words per minute .
Twenty ?
James could type twenty words per minute with his elbows .
Touch - typing .
And still , he had a safety net — the test could be failed twice without penalty , only the third failure would count against him .
After briefly considering actually taking the test using only his elbows , he decided against it and began typing .
After a few seconds , a message popped up that he'd made too many errors and had to start over .
Comparing his paper to the onscreen text , he did n't see any errors .
Ah well , whatever , he thought as he clicked a button to restart the test .
Too many errors .
Again .
Starting over he was much more deliberate , intentionally slowing down to make sure each letter was perfect .
He was certainly capable of 20WPM and not afraid that he could get out of having to take the typing class , but he did n't want to prolong this and have to deal with it later .
And he failed a third time .
And this time he was mad .
Every letter was right , all of the capitalization was correct , he was positive he had n't made any mistakes .
" Excuse me , " James called to the indifferent assistant .
" Is there a way to start the exam over ?
I think there 's a problem with it . "
The assistant sighed and responded impassively " no , you only get to take it once .
You 'll have to sign up for the touch - typing class . "
After a brief staredown , the assistant sighed again and said " fine , follow me . "
The assistant grabbed a printout of James 's test results and lead him to the department chair 's office .
" Wait here , " he said , going into the office .
James could n't make out what the assistant said to the department chair , but once he finished talking he heard her yell " another one ?
Fine , bring him in . "
" So , James , " she began .
" What can I do for you ? "
" Well , I took the typing test , and I think there 's a problem with it . "
As a programming major , he was excited about the possibility of fixing a bug in one of the school 's systems .
Even though he was pretty sure this was a bug with just the documentation , he 'd still like the experience of fixing it .
" As a programming major , I 'd like to look into - "
" You made too many errors ; you 'll just have to take the typing class . "
" Look , I 'd like to just compare the printouts with you , " James said .
Comparing the test with James 's work , they both read exactly the same for the few sentences James had completed .
The opportunities present for today 's college graduates are numerous and vast .
Those who choose to perform excellently will achieve the recognition that secures promotions .
Commitment to quality leads to victory above all obstacles .
The challenges faced by employers , insitutions , and organizations require college graduates to work consistently in the pursuit of greatness .
Motivational ( if generic ) words that had left James feeling anything but motivated .
" See , these are the same .
I think that the instructions are wrong — I did n't press the enter key after each line because I was instructed not to .
How exactly are the errors counted ? "
" Well , " the department chair began , beginning to sound as lifeless as the lab assistant , " the enter key is irrelevant .
Your errors are in the sections that you did n't type . "
Through gritted teeth , James asked " how exactly did these count against me when I never even got to type them because it stopped me when I had too many errors ? "
At this point , the lab assistant told James to stop , but he'd only begun his fight .
He 'd take it to the dean , the supreme court , or to the Flying Spaghetti Monster if he'd be forced to sit through a typing class he did n't need .
Before he could get another word out , the department chair gave an exasperated " fine , you can take the test again . "
His hunch about the line breaks , contrary to the test 's instructions , the assistant 's instructions , and the department head 's instructions , was correct .
He passed on his first try .
When he completed his test , he turned to the lab assistant and said " you know , all they have to do is change the instructions . "
" Oh yeah , you are supposed to hit enter .
It 's funny , almost everybody has failed the typing exam ! "
As for the developers that had built the test , apparently they 'd chosen to perform excellently and achieved the recognition that secures promotions — since the test is still the same as far as James knows .
Biden is wrench in McCain 's VP choice
DENVER — Democrat Barack Obama ’s selection of Joe Biden as a running mate is complicating Republican John McCain ’s analysis of his prospective vice presidential contenders .
Biden will make his formal debut Wednesday with a primetime address .
McCain is expected to announce his pick after Obama accepts his nomination here on Thursday .
Advertisement
Some insiders are pressing McCain to make a strategic selection , one that beefs up his economic strength , enhances his chance to grab a state or amps up the partisan firepower .
“ McCain knows Biden well .
He knows how good he is as a knife fighter .
He ’ll take McCain apart , ” said one Republican operative .
But a review of the much - rumored McCain shortlist clearly exposes the weaknesses each person on it might bring if matched up against the six - term senator from Delaware .
• The star of former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney seemed to be rising this summer in tandem with voters ’ increasing anxiety about the economy .
But a McCain gaffe over how many homes he owns — he told Politico he did n’t know the exact number — would take on new life if multimillionaire Romney became his running mate .
Democrats already have calculated that the two men own a dozen homes between them , valued at a total of about $ 35 million .
That message could hurt McCain in two ways :
It undercuts his argument that Obama is an out - of - touch elitist and would make Romney a poor match to Biden ’s middle - class upbringing and common - man appeal on the stump .
• Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty ’s strength is youth and executive experience .
On television talk shows , he ’s also shown a willingness to level attacks against Obama , although they are largely a reiteration of campaign talking points .
But Pawlenty , 48 , may seem too young and inexperienced when measured against Biden , 65 , who was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1972 — when the governor was just 12 years old .
During his service in the Senate , Biden has become a respected voice on foreign affairs .
President Bush called him for advice after the Sept. 11 attacks .
Biden also is a two - time presidential candidate and a skilled sparring partner with years of practice against Republicans in the upper chamber — experiences that have given him a familiarity with partisan debate on the national stage that Pawlenty lacks .
A nationally televised Biden - Pawlenty debate “ is unthinkable , ” said one Republican insider .
• Former Homeland Security Director Tom Ridge could be a better match to Biden ’s national security credentials .
Ridge ’s service in the Bush administration after the Sept. 11 attacks provided a crash course on terrorism and national security issues .
As a former Pennsylvania governor , he could be a powerful counterweight to Biden ’s Catholic upbringing in Scranton , a working - class Keystone State enclave that went heavily for Sen.
Hillary Rodham Clinton in the primaries but could be up for grabs in November .
Ridge also is capable of throwing stinging political punches and has become a mainstay on the political talk - show circuit .
But there are downsides to a Ridge selection .
He is a supporter of abortion rights , which would aggravate McCain ’s already uneasy alliance with his party ’s conservative wing .
Ridge has tried to assuage conservatives about his abortion stance by stating that he would defer to McCain ’s position calling for overturning the landmark Roe v.
Wade ruling establishing abortion rights .
But such a nuanced position would be fertile turf for Biden to try to accomplish two goals : painting Ridge as a flip - flopper and driving a wedge between McCain and many independent and swing women voters on the abortion issue .
Another Ridge weakness is that a consulting firm he created after serving in the Bush administration recently disclosed a large lobbying contract with Albania .
Obama would seize on that contract to undermine McCain ’s efforts to position himself as a crusader against the professional advocacy class .
While McCain aides are pressing for a strategic pick , insiders say the independent - minded Arizona senator has approached the decision through the lens of governing :
Who would add value to policy debates , and who is best prepared to step into the top spot ?
• That approach tends to enhance the credentials of Connecticut Sen. Joseph I. Lieberman , a recently turned independent who has an easy rapport with McCain and who has already run for vice president as a Democrat .
But Lieberman ’s long history as a Democrat could make for a bizarre debate with Biden — with the two of them sharing long records supporting labor causes and abortion rights and a host of other issues that would infuriate McCain ’s activist base .
In essence , said one insider , a Lieberman pick “ means McCain would run a campaign without a core constituency of the Republican Party . ”
Phyllis Schlafly , of the conservative Eagle Forum , was more blunt : “ I think there would be a walkout on Lieberman at the convention .
He ’s not a Republican . ”
McCain ’s rethinking does n’t mean that the Biden pick does n’t open some doors .
While Biden enhances Obama ’s foreign policy credentials , he does n’t represent an effort to reach out to moderate voters .
Both men are ranked among the Senate ’s most liberal members .
Brian Darling , a political analyst at the Heritage Foundation , says McCain does n’t “ need to answer ” the Biden pick and could take advantages of the geographic flexibility it suddenly offers him .
“ If this election is going to be as close as the polls indicate , Joe Biden does n’t change the map at all , ” said Darling .
NEW YORK  AT&T , the country 's largest Internet provider , is considering charging extra for customers who download large amounts of data .
" A form of usage - based pricing for those customers who have abnormally high usage patterns is inevitable , " spokesman Michael Coe said this week .
TRAFFIC JAM : Comcast to test new way to manage load
The top 5 % of AT&T 's DSL customers use 46 % of the total bandwidth , Coe said .
Overall bandwidth use on the network is surging , doubling every year and a half .
AT&T does n't have any specific plans or fees to announce yet , Coe said .
Most cable companies have official or secret caps on the amount of data they allow subscribers to download every month .
Time Warner Cable started a trial earlier this month in Beaumont , Texas , under which it will charge subscribers who go over their monthly bandwidth cap $ 1 per gigabyte .
Cable companies are at the forefront of usage - based pricing because neighbors share capacity on the local cable lines , and bandwidth hogs can slow down traffic for others .
Phone companies have been less concerned about congestion because the phone lines they use to provide Internet service using DSL , or Digital Subscriber Line technology , are n't shared between neighbors , but AT&T is evidently concerned about congestion higher up in the network .
Those who mainly do Web surfing or e-mail use little data and have scant reason to pay attention to traffic caps .
But those who download movies or TV , particularly in high definition , can hit the caps imposed by cable companies .
Download caps could put a crimp in the plans of services like Apple Inc. 's iTunes that use the Internet to deliver video .
DVD - by - mail pioneer Netflix Inc. just launched a TV set - top box that receives an unlimited stream of Internet video to a TV set for as little as $ 8.99 per month .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Those castles looks very nice , all are digitally designed .
I would like to see one of those castles in real life , I ’m sure that I will be satisfied with its architecture .
Those are not real but for sure are amazing 3D castles .
EPA denies Texas ' call to cut ethanol requirement EPA denies governor 's request to lower ethanol requirement
The Environmental Protection Agency today denied Texas Gov. Rick Perry 's request to reduce federal ethanol requirements this year .
The decision dealt a blow to Perry and a broad consortium of industry groups that claim rising U.S. ethanol output is inflating corn prices , hurting livestock and food producers and boosting grocery bills .
But in a noon conference call , EPA Administrator Stephen Johnson said the federal Renewable Fuel Standard that sets the ethanol requirement is n't causing " severe economic harm , " which would be required to justify a waiver , and is improving national security and benefiting farmers .
In a statement , Perry said he was " greatly disappointed with the EPA 's inability to look past the good intentions of this policy to see the significant harm it is doing to farmers , ranchers and American households . "
" For the EPA to assert that this federal mandate is not affecting food prices not only goes against common sense , but every American 's grocery bill , " he said .
The decision was seen as a critical test of the Renewable Fuel Standard , which calls for huge increases in ethanol in coming years and is central to a Bush Administration effort to reduce U.S. dependence on foreign oil .
That program has come under fire in recent months as corn prices have hit new peaks and global concerns have grown about the wisdom of using food to make a transportation fuel .
Ethanol , primarily made from corn in the U.S. , is blended with gasoline at low levels to extend the nation 's fuel supply and improve air quality .
I
In April , Perry injected himself into the center of the debate by sending a letter to the EPA requesting a waiver to cut this year 's federal ethanol mandate from 9 billion to 4.5 billion gallons .
In the letter , he said ethanol production was putting " artificial upward pressure on corn prices , " hurting the state 's $ 75 billion livestock industry and increasing food prices for U.S. families .
The EPA 's public comment period on Perry 's request , which ended in late June , attracted more than 22,000 letters in support of the proposed waiver , Perry said .
Ranchers , poultry growers , restaurateurs and bakers are among those in the food industry who have backed the waiver .
The EPA initially said it would make its ruling on the request by late July but then postponed the decision amid the deluge of input from groups on both sides of the issue .
The Renewable Fuels Association , the leading ethanol trade group in Washington , had vigorously opposed Perry 's waiver request .
It argued the request did n't show sufficient evidence that increased ethanol production was causing severe harm to the U.S. economy .
The group has cited studies by Texas A&M University , Purdue University and other policy and research groups that found record oil prices have had more to do with the rising price of corn and other commodities than ethanol .
What 's more , the association claims that cutting the federal ethanol program in half this year would only drive fuel prices higher .
That claim was echoed today by the Consumer Federation of America , a consumer group in Washington , which sent a letter to the EPA opposing Perry 's request .
" Independent studies show that ethanol production is keeping gasoline prices form going much higher than they already are by providing an important global source of incremental non-OPEC fuel , reducing the pressure on U.S. refinery capacity that has been severely strained in recent years , and providing a low cost source of supply that is being blended with gasoline , " said Mark Cooper , the group 's research director .
In a June report , the Energy Department said gasoline prices would increase 25 - 30 cents per gallon if ethanol were not blended into the fuel supply .
Perry 's request sought relief from the ethanol mandate for a year starting Sept. 1 , saying the temporary suspension was needed to help cool down corn prices and avert a widening crisis .
``Congress specifically created an emergency waiver provision for situations like these and EPA refuses to implement it , '' Perry said .
He said the Renewable Fuel Standard has had a negative economic impact of $ 1.17 billion on Texas since the law was enacted in 2004 .
If corn prices average $ 8 a bushel for the 2008 crop , as some project , the impact would rise to $ 3.59 billion , he said .
Texas cattle feeders have n't reported profits since June 2007 , and small family ranches , which make up two - thirds of Texas cattle producers , face potential bankruptcy , Perry said .
But questions have been raised about Perry 's motivation for requesting the waiver .
The Houston Chronicle reported in July that Perry made the ethanol waiver request after a March meeting with poultry producer Lonnie " Bo " Pilgrim .
Just days after the meeting , Pilgrim donated $ 100,000 to the Republican Governors Association , which Perry heads as chairman .
Pilgrim also spent more than $ 9,000 on airfare in June so Perry could attend a news conference in Washington promoting the waiver and donated $ 25,000 to Perry 's political committee about a month after the waiver request was made , the Chronicle reported .
Pilgrim's Pride , based in the East Texas city of Pittsburg , is the nation 's largest producer of poultry products .
Ethanol production in 2007 was about 6.5 billion gallons , consuming about a quarter of the nation 's corn crop .
Federal law requires that the nation use 9 billion gallons of renewable fuel this year and 11 billion gallons in 2009 , most of which is expected to come from corn - based ethanol .
In December , President Bush signed energy legislation that expanded the Renewable Fuel Standard to 36 billion gallons by 2022 , yet more than half of that target is supposed to be met with fuels made from non-food sources , including crops like switchgrass and agricultural waste .
brett.clanton@chron.com
If you have local - eating news or an event you think belongs on this blog , email Valereee !
This feed has moved and will be deleted soon .
Please update your subscription now .
Copyright 2007 - 2011 Cincinnati Locavore
All content copyright Cincinnati Locavore and individual contributors .
We love to give reprint permissions , so please contact us ( find email links in our Contributors section above ) for permission to reprint with appropriate attribution !
My thoughts about my favourite GUI
US President George W. Bush plays beach volleyball with US beach volleyball player Misty May Treanor during a visit to the US team at Beijing 's Chaoyang Park Beach on August 9 , 2008 .
By Thomas Coex / AFP / Getty Images .
An even classier pic can be seen here .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
‘ camouflage 36 ’
liu bolin is a young beijing based artist who has exhibited primarily in china until last year ’s solo show at paris ’ galerie bertin toublanc and a group show with the gallery in miami .
he recently finished up a show at eli klein fine art in new york showcasing a variety of his pieces including some form the series ‘ camoflague ’ .
this series is an exploration of human nature and animal instincts which features chinese citizens painted to blend into their surroundings .
the subjects are covered head to toe in paint , camouflaging themselves in front of the chinese flag , a billboard or downtown beijing .
liu bolin at galerie bertin toublanc
related
camouflage art by desiree palmen ‘ body art ’ by emma hack
‘ cite interdite 1 ’
‘ camouflage 16 ’ & ‘ camouflage 17 ’
‘ camouflage 2 ’
‘ camouflage 46 ’ & ‘ camouflage 26 ’
‘ camouflage 31 ’
via photoshelter
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) - First Priority
Bank was shut down by regulators on Friday , making the small Florida lender the eighth bank failure in the U.S. so far this year .
SunTrust Banks STI , -0.02 % agreed to take on the deposits of First Priority , the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation said in a statement late Friday .
The six branches of First Priority will reopen on Monday as branches of SunTrust , it added .
This page will contain links to a series of essays on computer chess topics , as I have time to write them .
The topics are oriented toward those who want to write their own chess program , or understand how chess programs work .
I do not mean to describe ever conceivable way of writing a chess program .
It is my intent to talk about common techniques , in some cases with a personal perspective since I have implemented a lot of this stuff .
As of this moment , I am writing all of this stuff off the top of my head .
There are a lot of people that need credit for these ideas , and in many cases I do n't know who to credit .
I will figure this all out eventually and provide some history when possible .
I will also provide some amount of experimental evidence in order to support some claims that I make .
If you want a fully functional chess program , including source , you are free to download my free chess program Gerbil , and you can see practical examples of some of the techniques that I describe .
Help !
I got stung !
Your child runs up to you with tears and a look of pain , holding out a hand or foot to you .
What do you do ?
For honeybees , remove the stinger as soon as you can .
It does n’t matter how you do it , either by finger or by scraping it off with a credit card , just get it out before it fully empties into the skin .
.
It does n’t matter how you do it , either by finger or by scraping it off with a credit card , just get it out before it fully empties into the skin .
Ice the sting site .
This is the best treatment for immediate relief .
.
This is the best treatment for immediate relief .
Sssting Stop is a wonderful homeopathic remedy for both stings and bug bites .
Available at health food stores or on the web .
is a wonderful homeopathic remedy for both stings and bug bites .
Available at health food stores or on the web .
Plantain grows in many yards , and makes a super poultice for stings and bites .
Chew up a couple of leaves and apply to the sting .
grows in many yards , and makes a super poultice for stings and bites .
Chew up a couple of leaves and apply to the sting .
Salt paste on the sting will help to draw out the venom .
on the sting will help to draw out the venom .
A paste of baking soda and water will help with the pain and swelling .
and water will help with the pain and swelling .
Apply vinegar to the site .
to the site .
Make a paste of meat tenderizer and apply .
Papain in the tenderizer will help break down the toxins .
and apply .
Papain in the tenderizer will help break down the toxins .
If there is difficulty in breathing or dizziness and nausea , seek medical advice .
If you do n’t know if your child is allergic to honeybee venom , watch for swelling in the throat that might affect breathing .
Knowing if it was a bee or a wasp that stung them is helpful .
One easy way to tell the difference is that honeybees are fuzzy , not shiny .
If you do n’t know if your child is allergic to honeybee venom , watch for swelling in the throat that might affect breathing .
Knowing if it was a bee or a wasp that stung them is helpful .
One easy way to tell the difference is that honeybees are fuzzy , not shiny .
Wash the sting site with soap and water to avoid an infection .
Wasp stings can get infected from bacteria carried by the wasp from feces , so keep an eye on any sting that has n’t healed in a day .
I guess if a guy wanted to experiment , he could make a paste of meat tenderizer , salt , and baking soda , adding the vinegar right before applying .
Hmm …
Knowing how to treat a sting or multiple stings with common household items is a handy thing to know .
Related posts about insects :
Image : BurningImage at Flickr under a Creative Commons License
Intro , Specifications and Related Info
AMD has n't exactly kept the product we 're going to be showing you here today a secret .
Once NVIDIA launched the GeForce GTX 200 series , and AMD had a look at what the cards could do first hand , AMD 's marketing machine was tuned up and revved to its redline expunging the features and benefits of their upcoming GPU .
Then , when the initial products in the Radeon HD 4800 series launched , AMD 's plan became quite clear .
The Radeon HD 4800 series did n't overwhelm NVIDIA 's GTX 200 series with raw performance .
In fact , the GeForce GTX 280 and 9800 GX2 were more powerful than the Radeon HD 4870 .
The Radeon HD 4800 series cards , however , were still excellent cards and they were offered at extremely competitive prices , which put significant pressure on NVIDA .
At the time of their launch , the Radeon HD 4850 and Radeon HD 4870 were both less expensive and more powerful than the GeForce 9800 GTX and GeForce GTX 260 , respectively .
Since then , NVIDIA has reacted with a quick round of price cuts .
While enthusiasts were contemplating the purchase of a new Radeon or GeForce , AMD then planted another seed and released some concrete details regarding the Radeon HD 4870 X2 , as if to say , " Yeah , we 've got you covered at the $ 300 price point and a new , ultra powerful behemoth is coming real soon too .
Maybe you should hold onto your upgrade money for a bit ? "
That behemoth is the Radeon HD 4870 X2 .
As its name suggests , the card features two RV770 GPUs running in tandem , for what is effectively a Radeon HD 4870 Cross Fire configuration on a single PCB .
Other than its pair of GPUs , however , the Radeon HD 4870 X2 has a few more differentiating factors we 'll need to tell you about .
Read on for the full scoop ...
ATI Radeon HD 4870 X2 Cards ( Codename R700 )
AMD ATI Radeon HD 4800 Series Specifications and Features
956 million transistors on 55nm fabrication process
PCI Express 2.0 x16 bus interface
256 - bit GDDR3 / GDDR5 memory interface
Microsoft DirectX 10.1 support Shader Model 4.1 32 - bit floating point texture filtering Indexed cube map arrays Independent blend modes per render target Pixel coverage sample masking Read / write multi-sample surfaces with shaders Gather4 texture fetching
Unified Superscalar Shader Architecture 800 stream processing units Dynamic load balancing and resource allocation for vertex , geometry , and pixel shaders Common instruction set and texture unit access supported for all types of shaders Dedicated branch execution units and texture address processors 128 - bit floating point precision for all operations Command processor for reduced CPU overhead Shader instruction and constant caches
Up to 160 texture fetches per clock cycle Up to 128 textures per pixel Fully associative multi-level texture cache design DXTC and 3Dc + texture compression High resolution texture support ( up to 8192 x 8192 )
Fully associative texture Z/stencil cache designs Double - sided hierarchical Z/stencil buffer Early Z test , Re-Z , Z Range optimization , and Fast Z Clear Lossless Z & stencil compression ( up to 128:1 ) Lossless color compression ( up to 8:1 ) 8 render targets ( MRTs ) with anti-aliasing support Physics processing support
Dynamic Geometry Acceleration
High performance vertex cache Programmable tessellation unit Accelerated geometry shader path for geometry amplification Memory read / write cache for improved stream output performance
Anti-aliasing features Multi- sample anti-aliasing ( 2 , 4 or 8 samples per pixel )
Up to 24 x Custom Filter Anti-Aliasing ( CFAA ) for improved quality Adaptive super - sampling and multi-sampling Gamma correct Super AA ( ATI CrossFireX configurations only )
All anti-aliasing features compatible with HDR rendering
Texture filtering features 2x / 4x / 8x / 16 x high quality adaptive anisotropic filtering modes ( up to 128 taps per pixel ) 128 - bit floating point HDR texture filtering sRGB filtering ( gamma / degamma ) Percentage Closer Filtering ( PCF ) Depth & stencil texture ( DST ) format support Shared exponent HDR ( RGBE 9:9: 9:5 ) texture format support
OpenGL 2.0 support ATI PowerPlay Advanced power management technology for optimal performance and power savings
Performance - on - Demand Constantly monitors GPU activity , dynamically adjusting clocks and voltage based on user scenario Clock and memory speed throttling Voltage switching Dynamic clock gating
Central thermal management – on - chip sensor monitors GPU temperature and triggers thermal actions as required ATI Avivo HD Video and Display Platform 2nd generation Unified Video Decoder ( UVD 2 ) Enabling hardware decode acceleration of H.264 , VC - 1 and MPEG - 2 Dual stream playback ( or Picture - in - picture )
Hardware MPEG - 1 , and DivX video decode acceleration Motion compensation and IDCT
ATI Avivo Video Post Processor
New enhanced DVD upconversion to HD new !
New automatic and dynamic contrast adjustment new !
Color space conversion Chroma subsampling format conversion Horizontal and vertical scaling Gamma correction Advanced vector adaptive per-pixel de-interlacing De-blocking and noise reduction filtering Detail enhancement Inverse telecine ( 2:2 and 3:2 pull - down correction )
Bad edit correction Full score in HQV ( SD ) and HQV ( HD ) video quality benchmarks
Two independent display controllers Drive two displays simultaneously with independent resolutions , refresh rates , color controls and video overlays for each display Full 30 - bit display processing Programmable piecewise linear gamma correction , color correction , and color space conversion Spatial / temporal dithering provides 30 - bit color quality on 24 - bit and 18 - bit displays
High quality pre- and post - scaling engines , with underscan support for all display outputs Content - adaptive de-flicker filtering for interlaced displays Fast , glitch - free mode switching Hardware cursor
Two integrated DVI display outputs Primary supports 18- , 24 - , and 30 - bit digital displays at all resolutions up to 1920x1200 ( single - link DVI ) or 2560x1600 ( dual - link DVI )
Secondary supports 18- , 24 - , and 30 - bit digital displays at all resolutions up to 1920x1200 ( single - link DVI only ) 3
Each includes a dual - link HDCP encoder with on - chip key storage for high resolution playback of protected content4
Two integrated 400MHz 30 - bit RAMDACs
Each supports analog displays connected by VGA at all resolutions up to 2048x15363
DisplayPort output support Supports 24 - and 30 - bit displays at all resolutions up to 2560x16003
HDMI output support Supports all display resolutions up to 1920x10803 Integrated HD audio controller with up to 2 channel 48 kHz stereo or multi-channel ( 7.1 ) AC3 enabling a plug - and - play cable - less audio solution
Integrated AMD Xilleon HDTV encoder Provides high quality analog TV output ( component / S- video / composite ) Supports SDTV and HDTV resolutions Underscan and overscan compensation MPEG - 2 , MPEG - 4 , DivX , WMV9 , VC - 1 , and H.264/AVC encoding and transcoding Seamless integration of pixel shaders with video in real time VGA mode support on all display outputs
ATI CrossFireX Multi-GPU
Technology
Scale up rendering performance and image quality with two GPUs Integrated compositing engine High performance dual channel bridge interconnect
As the above list of specifications and features show , the new Radeon HD 4870 X2 has the exact same features as the Radeon HD 4870 ; it just has two GPUs .
Like the other members of the Radeon HD 4800 series , the Radeon HD 4870 X2 offers DX10.1 and Shader Model 4.1 support , the GPUs are manufactured on TSMC's 55nm process node , and both support ATI 's CrossFireX multi-GPU technology .
Because we 've covered essentially all of the shared features of the Radeon HD 4800 and 3800 series cards before , we wo n't be going into them in depth again here .
However , we would recommend taking a look at a few recent articles to brush up on the tech if you 're so inclined .
Democrats in both the House and Senate have introduced legislation to force the Department of Veterans Affairs to overturn a ban on veteran voter registration drives at its facilities .
Separately , Connecticut 's secretary of state is still contemplating a lawsuit .
It 's the latest move in an ongoing struggle between Dems and VA leadership .
In response to a March letter from Sens. Diane Feinstein ( D - CA ) and John Kerry ( D - MA ) seeking to make all VA facilities voter registration locations under the National Voter Registration Act , the VA issued a directive in May that prohibited voter registration drives because of the potential for Hatch Act violations , which prohibits federal employees from partaking in partisan political activities while on the job .
As we reported last month , experts are dubious of the VA ’s Hatch Act concerns .
Last Friday , the House of Representatives passed a VA appropriations bill that included an amendment by Rep. Christopher Murphy ( D - CT ) to reverse the ban .
Rep. Robert Brady ( D - PA ) also introduced a bill last week called the Veteran Voting Support
Act that would overturn the ban by permitting states to designate VA facilities as voter registration agencies –- like many states do with their Department of Motor Vehicles .
The bill mirrors a Senate versionintroduced on July 22 and was co-sponsored by several senators , including Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama .
We called Republican presidential candidate Sen .
John McCain ’s office this morning to gauge his support for the bill , but have n’t heard back yet .
The earliest any of these bills could progress is Sept. 8 , when Congress returns from its recess .
In an e-mail response , VA spokesman Terry Jemison wrote , " Our position has not changed in light of any of these bills . "
On the state level , Connecticut Secretary of State Susan Bysiewicz exchanged letters with the state ’s VA director Roger Johnson last week , continuing a dialogue that began after the VA blocked her from registering veterans at its hospital in West Haven , Conn .
Bysiewicz initially said she might sue the VA to gain access and has n’t backed off that .
" The lawyers are all talking about it , " Bysiewicz spokesman Av Harris told ProPublica .
In his letter ( PDF ) on July 29 , Johnson wrote that the VA had posted voter information flyers , made registration forms available and recently contacted every inpatient and resident in the Connecticut system to see if they needed assistance .
" We appreciate some of the concessions , " Harris told us .
" But let ’s get back in there now and register and educate these people to vote . "
Johnson also wrote that Bysiewicz could help the VA canvas veterans up to three weeks before the Nov. 4 election and offer training to VA volunteers .
" All in - patients , they are given a handout on voter information , " Connecticut VA spokesperson Pamela Redmond told us .
" There are flyers with voter information throughout the facility .
We ’ve complied with the directive . "
But Bysiewicz responded in a letter ( PDF ) last Friday that she was concerned about the upcoming registration deadline for municipal elections .
She also wanted to demonstrate how Connecticut ’s new optical scan voting machines work , but Johnson denied that request in his letter .
“ The main sticking point is they keep putting conditions on us going in there , ” Harris told us .
“ It ’s all this bureaucratic gobbly - gook . ”
What the air fares do not reflect is the cost of getting to and from the airport .
If you live in London or the suburbs , for example , Ryanair ’s £ 42 to Tours works out only £ 3 cheaper than the £ 79 train fare once you add another £ 26 to cover the cost of a return on the Stansted Express , and € 5 each way on the bus to and from Tours airport to the city centre .
Johnathan Nightingale , a user interface developer for Firefox , has responded to the criticisms of the way that self - signed certificates are handled in Firefox 3 .
He first complains about the number of times that users call his user interface decisions stupid through wording such as :
Q : Why has Firefox started treating self - signed SSL certificates as untrustworthy ?
I just want encryption , I do n’t care that the cert has n’t been signed by a certificate authority , and anyhow I do n’t want to pay hundreds of dollars just to secure my communications .
Jonathan explains the problem with this kind of thinking :
First of all , this is n’t quite right .
You never * just * want encryption , you want encryption to a particular system .
The whole reason for having encryption is that you do n’t want various ill - doers doing ill with your data , so clearly you want encryption that is n’t going to those people .
“ So fine , I want encryption to a particular system , ” you say , “ but I do n’t need a CA to prove that my friend ’s webmail is trustworthy .
CAs do n’t even do that anyhow .
I trust him , Firefox should get out of my way . ”
Yes , absolutely - the browser is your agent , and if you trust your friend ’s webmail , you should be able to tell Firefox to do so as well .
But how do you know that ’s who you ’re talking to ?
He then gives three specific ways that your " Secure SSL Connection " could be exploited if the server uses a self - signed SSL Certificate including packet sniffers , router flaws , DNS flaws like the one that Dan Kaminsky revealed .
He then concludes :
The question is n’t whether you trust your buddy ’s webmail - of course you do , your buddy ’s a good guy - the question is whether that ’s even his server at all .
With a CA - signed cert , we trust that it is - CAs are required to maintain third party audits of their issuing criteria , and Mozilla requires verification of domain ownership to be one of them .
With a self - signed certificate , we do n’t know whether to trust it or not .
It ’s not that these certificates are implicitly evil , it ’s that they are implicitly untrusted - no one has vouched for them , so we ask the user .
There is language in the dialogs that talks about how legitimate banks and other public web sites should n’t use them , because it is in precisely those cases that we want novice users to feel some trepidation , and exercise some caution .
There is a real possibility there , hopefully slim , that they are being attacked , and there is no other way for us to know .
On the other hand - if you visit a server which does have a legitimate need for a self - signed certificate , Firefox basically asks you to say “ I know you do n’t trust this certificate , but I do . ”
You add an exception , and assuming you make it permanent , Firefox will begin trusting that specific cert to identify that specific site .
What ’s more , you ’ll now get the same protection as a CA signed cert - if you are attacked and someone tries to insert themselves between you and your webmail , the warning will come up again .
I do n’t think the approach in Firefox 3 is perfect , I ’m not sure any of us do .
I have filed bugs , and talked about things I think we could do to continue to enhance our users ’ security while at the same time reducing unnecessary annoyances .
You ’ll notice that Firefox 3 has fewer “ Warning : you are submitting a search to a search engine ” dialog boxes than Firefox 2 did , and it ’s because of precisely this desire .
I welcome people who want to make constructive progress towards a safer internet and a happier browsing experience .
That ’s what motivated this change , it ’s what motivates everything we do with the browser , really .
So it sure would be nice if we did n’t start from the assumption that changes are motivated by greed , malice , or stupidity .
SSL Question Corner - [ meandering wildly ]
Originally posted on Sun Aug 10 , 2008
Egypt and Saudi Arabia caution against presenting U.S. and Israel pretext for military strike on a silver platter
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet
Monday , August 18 , 2008
Following a meeting this weekend between Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Saudi King Abdullah , Iran was told not to allow the U.S. and Israel to create a pretext for a military attack , a warning interpreted by Tehran that an impending attack is on the horizon .
“ Iran should not present on a silver platter the justifications and the pretexts for those who want to drag the region down a dangerous slope , ” Egypt ’s presidential spokesman Suleiman Awwad said on Saturday .
“ Middle East sources report that the Iranian satellite carrier space launch Sunday , Aug. 17 , was prompted by a joint caution to Tehran from Saudi King Abdullah and Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak , ” reports Debka File .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
“ This warning was interpreted by the London Arabic daily Al Quds as a warning to Tehran that an attack is impending by the US , some European nations and Israel . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The warning follows last week ’s decision on behalf of Kuwait to activate its highest priority Emergency War Plan in response to the largest U.S. naval deployment since 1991 as three more U.S. warships steamed towards the Persian Gulf in what observers described as an “ unprecedented ” build - up .
Finding and even staging a suitable pretext for a military attack on Iran has been a preoccupation amongst top Neo -Cons for months if not years .
Last month , New Yorker writer Seymour Hersh sensationally revealed that during a meeting held in the Vice President ’s office concerning the creation of a justification to attack Iran , Dick Cheney proposed dressing up Navy Seals as Iranians , putting them on fake Iranian PT speedboats and starting a shoot up .
The plan was purportedly rejected but Hersh noted that the incident in the Straight of Hormuz , in which tiny Iranian speedboats on patrol inside Iranian waters were said to have threatened three U.S. warships with suicide attacks ( a ridiculous claim completely fabricated by the U.S. and lapped up by the western media ) taught the Bush administration that “ if you get the right incident , the American public will support ” it .
This article was posted : Monday , August 18 , 2008 at 3:05 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Refugee advocates who supported Mr Masri said the killing , outside a courthouse near the Khan Yunis refugee camp , might have been carried out by the Palestinian political party Fatah , which wrongly believed he was an Israeli collaborator .
But sources in Gaza suggested the 31 - year - old was killed to avenge his alleged involvement in the deaths of two members of a rival clan 18 months ago , part of a long feud .
A refugee advocate , Marilyn Shepherd , told the Herald last night she and Mr Masri 's uncle , who lives in Adelaide , had submitted the application for a visitor 's visa through the office of the Labor senator Linda Kirk in February , soon after the murder of Mr Masri 's brother , " but the department put the red flag up on us " .
" He said all along that his life was in danger but they never believed him - when the Masri name came up , the shutters at the department went down .
" He was gunned down in broad daylight in cold blood .
His mother was killed before he claimed refugee status here , his brother was killed last year , and he was gunned down yesterday like a dog on the side of the road . "
A spokesman for the Department of Immigration said last night the welfare of a person removed from Australia was the " responsibility of the country to which he has been removed .
Anybody who has applied for protection from Australia is not removed if we believe that person will be persecuted . "
Mr Masri first arrived in Australia in 2001 , suffering a bullet wound to the leg , but was detained at the Woomera detention centre after his asylum claim was rejected .
In 2002 Mr Masri , then 25 , was twice released from detention by order of the Federal Court .
The court ordered his second release from custody after the government detained him again near Port Augusta because he did not have a visa .
The then immigration minister , Philip Ruddock , said that Mr Masri would be deported because he did not have a visa .
Mr Ruddock could not be contacted for comment last night .
As a result of the Masri case , which was taken to the High Court , six immigration detainees were released .
The court found the Government had no power to detain them .
The full bench of the Federal Court ruled that the immigration minister had no power to detain asylum seekers before they were deported .
A South Australian lawyer , Paul Boylan , said last night Mr Masri was a genuine refugee who should have been allowed to stay but was instead sent back and assassinated .
" He told his story and notwithstanding he had already been shot once , he was n't believed , " Mr Boylan said .
" We sent him back to a place where he was assassinated . "
The Jesuit priest Frank Brennan , a refugee advocate and author of a book on the immigration system , Tampering With Asylum , said it was clear that Mr Masri " like his brother , was a marked man " .
Father Brennan , who knew Mr Masri well , described him as a young man who fled to a safe country in the hope that his family could follow .
" He had a deep love of his wife and children , he wept for Palestine , and despite the dreadful adversity of Woomera , he always had a sense of humour . "
A spokesman for the Social Justice Network , Jamal Daoud , said the Howard government had blood on its hands .
" The previous Australian government is responsible for another terrible crime by forcing refugees to be sent back to Gaza when they knew the situation there , " he said .
" This guy had problems with Israel and the Palestinian Authority .
He claimed to have been tortured and the previous government knew all that and still forced him out .
It is a tragedy because we have lost another young person who could have been a good Australian citizen . "
with Penelope Debelle and AAP
( Check out our complete collection of Urban Exploration Tips , Tricks and Guides . )
There is something about photographs of deserted places and abandoned buildings that is mysterious and intriguing to those of us who crave a combination of mystery and history , danger and thrill .
If you are one such person , chances are there is a Flickr group that will make you drool – or a number of them .
Organized into helpful and easy - to - navigate categories including types of abandoned buildings , objects and vehicles as well as disallowed locations , here is your one - stop guide to exploring awesome abandonments on Flickr .
( Images via : Roberto , Guil , Carl and Pixelicus )
Building Types : A number of collections of abandoned buildings are organized by general categories of deserted structures or highly specific building types , including : theaters , asylums , cottages , gas stations , bridges and tunnels , shops and stores , malls and retail , dams and spillways , factories and other industrial abandonments , churches and other religious structures , farms and other farm buildings .
( Images via : Darkframe , Evanleavitt and MsDeKay )
Building Objects :
If you thought that forming an entire photo group around a single type or group of abandoned buildings or places was specific , a dedicated few take things to another level by breaking things down into types of abandoned objects , from abandoned furniture in general to chairs at abandonments and peeling wall paint more specifically – as well as doors , windows , stairs , art and other urban fragments .
General Categories :
There are also a number of non-specific photography collections of urban abandonments that self - organize based on tastes and approaches or broad categories more than by building types or objects , including : urban decay and rural decay , abandoned places and things , and places that are generally damaged , decayed , dilapidated , demolished , forsaken , forgotten , condemned or overgrown .
Illegal or Disallowed : Plenty of photography groups are dedicated to traditionally explored historical places or ghosts towns or simply to urban exploration in general , but a select few are specifically for people with an interest in places they are n’t supposed to be , among them are locations that are : secret , forbidden , no trespassing , restricted access , secret , normally inaccessible or where photography is disallowed .
Related WebUrbanist Resources : Still have n’t seen enough ?
There are plenty of abandoned places and deserted buildings links to be found right here on WebUrbanist .
The site has featured abandoned places from around the world as well as from specific countries including the United States , Europe and Russia .
Abandoned buildings featured in the site also include deserted missile silos and abandonments used in films .
Learn the basic arguments against science made by Young Earthers , and how to rebut them .
by Brian Dunning
Filed under General Science , Natural History , Religion
Skeptoid Podcast # 65
September 11 , 2007
Podcast transcript | Subscribe
Listen :
https://skeptoid.com/audio/skeptoid-4065.mp3
Debating with a Young Earth Creationist is actually really easy , because they only have a few standard arguments , and have n't come up with any new cogent ones for some time .
These standard arguments have been published time and time again , and a practiced Young Earth Creationist can handily draw them like a six - gun at the drop of a hat .
All of their arguments are silly in their wrongness and easily debunked , and if you 're prepared in advance , it 's easy to beat down any Young Earther with a quick verbal body slam .
You 're not going to change their mind , since Young Earthers do not base their opinions upon rational study of the evidence ; but you might help clear things up for an innocent bystander who overhears .
So here are the standard arguments for a young Earth , and the standard rebuttals from the scientific consensus , starting with my favorite :
Evolution is just a theory , not a fact .
This is an easily digestible sound bite intended to show that evolution is just an unproven hypothesis , like any other , and thus should not be taught in schools as if it were fact .
Actually , evolution is both a theory and a fact .
A fact is something we observe in the world , and a theory is our best explanation for it .
Stephen Jay Gould famously addressed this argument by pointing out that the fact of gravity is that things fall , and our theory of gravity began with Isaac Newton and was later replaced by Einstein 's improved theory .
The current state of our theory to explain gravity does not affect the fact that things fall .
Similarly , Darwin 's original theory of evolution was highly incomplete and had plenty of errors .
Today 's theory is still incomplete but it's a thousand times better than it was in Darwin 's day .
But the state of our explanation does not affect the observed fact that species evolve over time .
The next argument you 're likely to encounter states that Evolution is controversial ; scientists disagree on its validity .
Young Earth Creationists have latched onto the fact that evolutionary biologists still have competing theories to explain numerous minor aspects of evolution .
Throwing out evolution for this reason would be like dismissing the use of tires on cars because there are competing tread designs .
Despite the claim of widespread controversy , no significant number of scientists doubt either the fact of evolution or the validity of the theory as a whole .
Young Earthers often publish lists of scientists whom they say reject evolution .
These lists are probably true .
In the United States , the majority of the general public are creationists of one flavor or another .
But the scientific community has a very different opinion :
Most surveys of scientists find that 95 to 98 percent accept evolution just as they do other aspects of the natural world .
Young Earth Creationists also argue that Evolution is not falsifiable , therefore it 's not science .
One of the fundamentals of any science is that it 's falsifiable .
If a test can be derived that , if it were to fail , falsified a proposition , then that proposition meets a basic test of being a science .
Something that cannot be tested and falsified , like the existence of gods , is therefore not a science .
Young Earthers accept this to the point that they use it as an argument against evolution 's status as a science .
In fact , evolution could be very easily falsified .
Evolutionary biologist JBS
Haldane famously said that a fossilized rabbit from the Precambrian era would do it .
Another way to falsify evolution would be to test any of the innumerable predictions it makes , and see if the observation does n't match what was predicted .
Young Earthers are invited to go through all the predictions made in the evolutionary literature , and if they can genuinely find that not a single one is testable , then they 're right .
The next argument to be prepared for is that Evolution is itself a religion .
This argument has become increasingly popular in recent years as creationists have tried to bolster their own position by decorating it with scientific - sounding words like intelligent design .
And as they try to convince us that their own position is science based , they correspondingly mock evolution by calling it a religion of those who worship Darwin as a prophet and accept its tenets on faith since there is no evidence supporting evolution .
Clearly this is an argument that could only be persuasive to people who know little or nothing about the concept of evolution or Darwin 's role in its development .
This argument is easily dismissed .
A religion is the worship of a supernatural divine superbeing , and there is nothing anywhere in the theory of evolution that makes reference to such a being , and not a single living human considers himself a member of any " evolution church . "
Young Earth Creationists also like to argue that Evolution cannot be observed .
Part of what you need to do to validate a theory is to test it and observe the results .
Although there are evolutionary phenomena that can be directly observed like dog breeding and lab experiments with fruit flies , most of what evolution explains has happened over millions of years and so , quite obviously , nobody was around to observe most of it .
This is true , but it misstates what observation consists of .
There 's a lot of observation in science where we have to use evidence of an event : certain chemical reactions , subatomic particle physics , theoretical physics ; all of these disciplines involve experimentation and observation where the actual events can't be witnessed .
The theory of evolution was originally developed to explain the evidence that was observed from the fossil record .
So in this respect , every significant aspect of evolution has been exhaustively observed and documented , many times over .
One of the most tiresome creationist arguments against evolution tries to claim that There is an absence of transitional fossils .
If the ancestor of the modern horse Miohippus evolved from its predecessor Mesohippus , then surely there must be examples of transitional fossils that would show characteristics of both , or perhaps an intermediate stage .
I use the horse example because the fossil record of horses is exceptionally well represented with many finds .
If evolution is true , should n't there be examples of transitional stages between Miohippus and Mesohippus ?
The creationists say that there are not .
Well , there are , and in abundance .
You can tell people that there are n't , but you 're either intentionally lying or intentionally refusing to inform yourself on a subject you 're claiming to be authoritative on .
Kathleen Hunt of the University of Washington writes :
A typical Miohippus was distinctly larger than a typical Mesohippus , with a slightly longer skull .
The facial fossa was deeper and more expanded .
In addition , the ankle joint had changed subtly .
Miohippus also began to show a variable extra crest on its upper cheek teeth .
In later horse species , this crest became a characteristic feature of the teeth .
This is an excellent example of how new traits originate as variations in the ancestral population .
The layperson need look no deeper than Wikipedia to find a long list of transitional fossils .
But be aware that many species known only from the fossil record may be known by only one skeleton , often incomplete .
The older fossil records are simply too sparse to expect any form of completeness , especially if you 're looking for complete transitions .
It 's not going to happen .
However , the theory of punctuated equilibrium predicts that in many cases there will be no transitional fossils , so in a lot of these cases , creationists are pointing to the absence of fossils that evolutionary theory predicts probably never existed .
Here 's another Young Earth argument , and when I first heard it I said " What the heck are they talking about ? ? "
It 's that Evolution violates the second law of thermodynamics .
The second law of thermodynamics states that there is no reverse entropy in any isolated system .
The available energy in a closed system will stay the same or decrease over time , and the overall entropy of such a system can only increase or stay the same .
This is an immutable physical law , and it 's true .
Young Earth Creationists argue that this means a complex system , like a living organism , cannot form on its own , as that would be a decrease of entropy .
Order from disorder , they argue , is physically impossible without divine intervention .
This argument is easy to make if you oversimplify the law to the point of ignoring its principal qualification : that it only applies to a closed , isolated system .
If you attempt to apply it to any system , such as a plant , animal , or deck of cards , you 've just proven that photosynthesis , growth , and unshuffling are impossible too .
Organisms are open systems ( as was the proverbial primordial goo ) , since they exchange material and energy with their surroundings , and so the second law of thermodynamics is not relevant to them .
Innumerable natural and artificial processes produce order from disorder in open systems using external energy and material .
In a related vein , Young Earthers also argue that Evolution cannot create complex structures with irreducible complexity .
This argument was made famous by Michael Behe , an evangelical biochemist , who coined the term irreducible complexity .
Take a complex structure like an eyeball , and remove any part of it to simulate evolution in reverse , and it will no longer function .
Thus , an eyeball cannot have evolved through natural selection , as a non-functioning structure would not be a genetic advantage .
It seems like it makes sense at face value , but it 's based on a tremendously faulty concept .
Evolution in reverse is not accurately simulated by taking a cleaver and hacking an eyeball in half .
The animal kingdom is full of examples of simpler eye structures , all of which are functional , all of which are irreducibly complex , and all of which are susceptible to further refinement through evolution .
For a dramatic visual example of how irreducible complexity can and does evolve through gradual refinement , and yet remain irreducibly complex , take a look at Lee Graham 's applet the Irreducible Complexity Evolver at https://www.stellaralchemy.com/ice/.
Another effort to fight science using logic states that It 's too improbable for complex life forms to develop by chance .
This is the old " 747 in a junkyard " argument .
How likely is it that a tornado would go through a junkyard , and by chance , happen to assemble a perfect 747 ?
The same argument was made centuries ago by William Paley , except he referred to the exquisite design of a pocketwatch , and pointed out that such a thing is so complex and delicate that it had to have been designed from the top down by a creator .
This argument is simply reflective of ignorance of the extraordinary power of evolution 's bottom - up design mechanism .
Once you have an understanding of multigenerational mutation and natural selection , and also understand how structures with irreducible complexity evolve , there 's nothing unlikely or implausible about evolution at all .
In fact , genetic algorithms ( the computer software version of evolution ) , are starting to take over the world of invention with innovative new engineering advances that top - down designers like human beings might have never come up with .
Bottom - up design is not only probable , it 's inevitable and nearly always produces better designs than any intelligent creator could have .
You should also be prepared to hear that Evolution cannot create new information .
Based on a misinterpretation of information theory , this argument states that the new information required to create a new species cannot suddenly spawn into existence spontaneously ; new information can only come from an outside source , namely , an intelligent creator .
This particular argument does n't go very far , since any genetic mutation or duplication can only be described as new information .
Not all of that information is good .
Most of it 's useless , called genetic drift , but once in a blue moon you get a piece that 's beneficial to the organism .
New genetic information is observed in evolutionary processes every day .
For a final blow from the logic department , be ready for the argument that Evolution does not explain some aspects of life or culture .
This is an argument which is really just a logical fallacy : that since evolution does not explain everything , it is therefore entirely false .
Evolutionary biologists are the first ones to stand up and say that there are still plenty of aspects of life we 're still learning about .
That does n't make the things we 've already learned wrong .
It 's also increasingly common for Young Earthers to point to things that have nothing to do with the origin of life and speciation , like the Big Bang and the age of the earth , and argue that since the theory of evolution does not explain those things as well , it is therefore false .
This is an even greater logical fallacy .
Theories explain only those observed phenomena they are designed to explain .
They are not intended to have anything to do with stuff they have nothing to do with .
Those are the standard arguments .
One thing I can't easily prepare you for are the non-standard arguments you might get from a creationist who does n't know his business very well .
For example , when evangelical actor Kirk Cameron and Christian author Ray Comfort were given a platform by ABC television in April 2007 to express their beliefs to the creators of the Blasphemy Challenge , they did n't even know the standard arguments and just started throwing random stuff out left and right in a way that 's much harder to debate intelligently .
Phil Plait of Bad Astronomy had a similar experience when debating moon hoax believer Joe Rogan , and he summed it up quite aptly by pointing out that it 's easy to know the science better than a believer does , but a believer can easily know the pseudoscience way better than you .
Stick with what you know , and do n't allow an unpracticed creationist who 's all over the place to steer you off the track .
By Brian Dunning
Follow @BrianDunning
Filipino maids number highly among the dead workers
At least one immigrant domestic worker dies each week in Lebanon , by suicide or by accident during a bid to escape , a human rights group reports .
Human Rights
Watch is calling for an investigation into the reasons behind the deaths of at least 95 migrant maids since January 2007 .
Forty were classed as suicide while 24 died in falls from high buildings .
Many of the women face abuse and low wages or die trying to escape from employers who lock them up , HRW said .
" All those involved ... need to ask themselves what is driving these women to kill themselves or risk their lives trying to escape from high buildings , " said HRW Senior Researcher Nadim Houry .
Locked in Interviews carried out by the group suggested financial pressures and excessive work , together with abuse and isolation , were key factors driving the workers to take or risk their own lives .
The maids are largely from Sri Lanka , Ethiopia and the Philippines .
A 2006 survey quoted by HRW showed 31 % of 600 domestic workers interviewed were not allowed to leave the home they worked in .
" Many domestic workers are literally being driven to jump from balconies to escape their forced confinement , " Mr Houry said .
The group cited the case of a Nepalese worker , Kamala Nagari , who was injured trying to escape from her employer .
" I was locked in for two days , and they [ the employers ] did not give me food and water , " she testified to HRW .
" Then after two days , I wanted to run away .
The apartment was on the fifth floor .
I tried to go down using cable wires running along the wall of building .
The cable broke , and I do not remember what happened afterwards . "
The group said the police investigations into immigrants ' deaths are often flawed , and it called on an official Lebanese committee tasked with improving the status of domestic workers to develop a strategy to reduce the number of deaths .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The 258 - page report brims with outrage and fierce criticism of the people involved in Kelly 's case - not just of the nine people who were charged , but also the people who ran DHS , the investigators who responded to the death , and even a Public Health Department official who tried to squelch her employees from talking about the case .
Yahoo and Microsoft are in the process of drafting a voluntary code of conduct for doing business in China and other countries that have restrictive Internet policies .
The two companies are working alongside a handful of other Internet companies and human rights groups to develop the code , and plan to have a completed version available later this year .
Plans for the code were first revealed this past March , when Microsoft , Yahoo , and Google announced that they were working with Human Rights Watch to " minimize complicity " with the restrictive policies that China and other countries have placed on Internet use .
The companies would still play by China 's rules , but they would not go any further than those rules require .
Perhaps surprisingly , some companies do , in fact , go further in censoring the Internet than the Chinese government requires , trying to anticipate ahead of time which sites are being targeted by the Great Firewall .
The latest update on the code came out of an inquiry from Senators Richard Durbin ( D - IL ) and Tom Coburn ( R - OK ) , who had expressed concern that the Chinese government might pressure the companies to hand over information about users who are currently in China for the Olympic Games .
The two Senators had asked Microsoft and Yahoo for an update , which prompted them to respond in a letter that they were working on the code , according to the Wall Street Journal .
No specifics were given on what the voluntary code will entail just yet , although it will reportedly cover " principles of freedom of expression and privacy " in China and other countries that censor the Internet or are known for requesting information about users .
Yahoo , Microsoft , and Google have been under fire in the past for complying with China 's controversial Internet policies .
Microsoft and Google were criticized by Amnesty International in 2006 for agreeing to censor their search results within China so that forbidden topics would not be available to citizens , and Yahoo was slammed for handing over personal information of numerous Chinese dissidents .
Other human rights groups and even Congress have made it clear that they consider Yahoo's actions unacceptable too .
This has prompted the introduction of a bill , the Global Online Freedom Act , that would bar US companies from disclosing personally - identifiable information about a user , except for " legitimate foreign law enforcement purposes . "
If the companies violate the restrictions , they could face civil and criminal penalties of up to $ 2 million , and aggrieved citizens ( those who have suffered from the companies ' violations , like the Chinese dissidents discussed above ) are free to pursue punitive damages and other legal remedies from the offenders .
Until such legislation is passed and goes into effect , it 's up to companies doing business in China to decide how they wish to conduct themselves .
Before we completely bid adieu to our nation 's birthday , we here at Gizmodo would like to give one more shout - out to the fourth of July .
Seems like even the stars in the sky can't resist putting up a display for good ol ' American freedom .
These red - white - and - blue pictures of Supernova remnant SN 1006 are what 's left over from a star explosion first observed by humans in year 1006 .
Advertisement
The flash in the sky is a remnant of a blast 7,000 light - years away in the Lupus constellation .
Scientists say that it was the brightest observed supernova in recorded history , and that the light from the explosion could be seen in the daytime for weeks afterward .
The supernova sent a shockwave that traveled outwards at nearly 20 million mph .
In the 1960s , radio astronomers first detected the ring of material pushed out by the shockwave .
With the latest imagery , released by the Hubble Space Telescope 's science team , you can see a gossamer stripe with starlight shining through it — the rocket 's red glare indeed .
Advertisement
[ Cosmiclog ]
Conglomerates present Screen Actors Guild with their “ final ” offer
By Ramón Valle and David Walsh
3 July 2008
US entertainment conglomerates organized in the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers ( AMPTP ) made their “ final offer ” to the Screen Actors Guild on Monday , only hours before the expiration of the present contract at midnight .
SAG has not asked its 120,000 members nationwide to authorize a strike .
In a message posted on its web site , SAG told its members that “ work will continue and all SAG members should report to work and to audition for new work past the expiration date until further notice from the Guild . ”
The AMPTP issued a statement asserting “ Our final offer to SAG represents a final hope for avoiding further work stoppages and getting everyone back to work . ”
Members of the Alliance include Time Warner , Disney , Rupert Murdoch ’s News Corp. , General Electric ’s NBC Universal , Viacom , CBS , Sony and Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer , among others .
SAG leaders have criticized a tentative agreement recently reached between the employers and the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists ( AFTRA ) , and actively campaigned against its acceptance .
AFTRA has some 70,000 members ; 44,000 performers are members of both unions .
In a message to their membership , SAG leaders commented that “ The AMPTP today delivered a last - minute , 43 - page offer that upon initial examination appears to be generally consistent with the AFTRA deal . ”
In an initial response , SAG executive director and chief negotiator Doug Allen commented : “ This offer does not appear to address some key issues important to actors .
For example , the impact of forgoing residuals for all made - for - new - media productions is incalculable and would mean the beginning of the end of residuals . ”
AMPTP and SAG representatives were scheduled to meet Wednesday .
The conglomerates arrogantly announced that they would answer questions on their ‘ final ’ proposal , but would not entertain any counter - proposals .
The SAG leadership has made it clear that it will not hold a strike authorization vote until the results of the AFTRA membership ratification are known July 8 .
According to the studios and networks , their entire package is worth $ 250 million , less than a third of the original $ 900 million in gains demanded by SAG at the outset of negotiations .
The deal would be broadly similar to the one ultimately accepted by the Writers Guild leadership , after a lengthy strike , which included minor concessions by the employers on new media issues , but essentially satisfied the corporate and financial elite .
The AMPTP is resisting SAG demands for a higher share of DVD residuals — actors currently receive a pittance from the sale of DVDs — and residuals for made - for - Internet programming , on neither of which AFTRA made any ground .
SAG has also maintained , to this point , its opposition to actors advertising products that are scripted into television shows .
The proposed AFTRA deal gives actors less control over the use of film and television clips online .
A handful of performers in film and television command enormous paychecks , while tens of thousands work for very little .
SAG indicates that the average annual income of its membership is $ 52,000 , but two - thirds earn less than $ 1,000 a year from acting and fewer than 20 percent make more than $ 7,500 .
Meanwhile the top executives of the media conglomerates make vast fortunes and live like royalty .
In line with general economic trends , the entertainment giants are determined to cut costs at the expense of the bulk of the industry ’s workforce .
A piece on “ middle - income working actors ” in the New York Times June 30 painted a grim picture : “ Reality shows have crowded out scripted programs , comedies in particular .
The studios are making fewer movies , and the ones they are making are less actor - driven .
[ Two of the current box office top ten are animated films ; most of the others are simply ‘ cartoonish . ’]
Networks like NBC have virtually stopped filming pilot episodes , meaning they are hiring fewer actors .
Voice - over work , once a staple for less - known actors , is outsourced to other countries or given to A - list stars . ”
On Monday evening , AFTRA held a membership meeting at its Los Angeles headquarters .
The meeting , organized to discuss the terms of the contract , was advertised among the 25,000 AFTRA members in Southern California , but only about 50 people showed up , a good many of them associated with the negotiations .
The low turnout was itself a vote of no confidence .
Union president Roberta Reardon quipped that she could see about seven people in the audience whom she had called personally .
Most of the meeting was taken up by an exhaustive , and self - congratulatory , explanation of the contract the union ’s leadership has urged its members to approve .
Although at first the affair had the chumminess of a cocktail party , the realities facing AFTRA ’s membership could not be kept out of the meeting forever .
One actor demanded to know why SAG and AFTRA had split over the current negotiations .
The answers focused on demonizing the SAG leadership , especially its president , Alan Rosenberg .
Some life was breathed into the discussion when an actress pointed out how little she made from residuals , even after having guest - starred on a few television shows .
Most pointedly , she remarked that the present struggle was much more than about these small issues and that it was , in fact , about “ who ’s going to control the industry . ”
One of the board members quickly pointed out that her “ passion ” was deeply appreciated , but that things had to move on .
A supporter of the Socialist Equality Party and the WSWS , and a longtime AFTRA member , then pointed out that the salary gains of which the board was so proud were really a wage cut when the rate of inflation was taken into account .
He added , “ I for one applaud the anger and passion this actress has shown us .
The fact is that she has asked the most fundamental question in a period in which the conglomerates are determined to drive back our living conditions to a situation worse than the ‘ 30s .
The fact is that either we as artists confront the basic issue [ this actress ] has raised or we go back in time .
Who will control this industry — the artists , writers , directors and other craft unions for the benefit of all , or the few billionaires who only care about their wealth ? ”
Upon these remarks , the speaker received a chorus of approval from a section of the few rank - and - file members who had shown up .
The actor pointed out the lessons of the writers strike and how union after union struggle had ended in defeat because the leaders accept the parameters established by the owners and therefore go into negotiations with both hands tied behind their backs , “ betraying time and again the aspirations of working people all over the world .
We must fight back in a new way ...
The conglomerates are out for blood ; let ’s not kid ourselves about it .
“ You have told us in a few e-mails that we should stay away from ‘ politics , ’ but this fight , as for SAG members and the writers , is political . ”
At this point union president Reardon took the microphone , interrupted the speaker , and indicated that the meeting was not a place to discuss politics .
She said that if the speaker wanted to discuss politics she “ would talk all [ he ] wanted about them , but at another time after the meeting . ”
Members of AFTRA should reject the deal negotiated by their union , which represents a capitulation to the studios and networks .
Beyond that , actors , writers and others in the film and television industry need to draw some sharp lessons about the entire 2007 - 08 cycle of contract negotiations , directly affecting the livelihood and conditions of more than 200,000 people and indirectly affecting countless others in Los Angeles , New York and elsewhere .
Whatever their verbal and tactical differences , the union leaderships involved — Writers Guild , Directors Guild , AFTRA and SAG — have proven entirely incapable of defending or advancing the economic or artistic interests of their memberships .
At the end of the day , in each round of negotiations , the giant companies have come away the victor and , as everyone knows , the living standards and conditions for the overwhelming majority of workers in the industry will continue to deteriorate .
When AFTRA leaders denounce “ politics , ” they mean politics that question or reject the status quo .
They , and the rest of the industry union leaderships , have politics : the acceptance of the profit system and support for the Democratic Party .
However , the present stranglehold of a handful of giant conglomerates over media and entertainment in the US , defended by both the Republicans and Democrats , is incompatible with decent working and intellectual conditions for film and television industry workers .
There is no shortcut around this great social problem .
The way out of the present impasse leads through the growing influence of socialist ideas and politics among actors , writers , directors and crew members .
The struggle of film and television workers can only be taken forward as part of a broader , social movement of the working population against the corporate and financial oligarchy .
A break with the Democrats and the adoption of an openly anti-capitalist program is the precondition for such a movement .
We have been raving about Firefox 3 for quite some time now , but we are not alone , there are tons of people who are writing useful tips and tricks that can enhance your experience while using Firefox 3 .
On the other hand Firefox 3 has already been downloaded 8.3 million times in a single day .
To help out the millions of users find useful information in one place , we have created the ultimate list of tips and tricks for Firefox 3 written by talented bloggers from around the blogosphere .
Image Credit
We will be regularly updating this list .
If you think that your tip is useful and should be added to the list , feel free to firefox 3 , firefox , firefox 3 tutorials , ultimate firefox 3 tips and tricks , firefox 3 extensions , firefox 3 themes , firefox 3 guides , firefox 3 help , firefox 3 hacks
It 's supposed to be your " life in your pocket , " not
Apple's .
But a piece of code discovered in the iPhone operating system might keep you under Apple 's control .
Jonathan Zdrianski , author of the book iPhone Open Application Development , discovered a URL hidden in iPhone 's CoreLocation that he believes the iPhone uses to check whether any apps on your phone match with those listed in a database of blacklisted applications .
Presumably , that would allow Apple to remotely de-authorize those apps , or perhaps even delete them .
" This suggests that the iPhone calls home once in a while to find out what applications it should turn off , " Zdrianski wrote .
" At the moment , no apps have been blacklisted , but by all appearances , this has been added to disable applications that the user has already downloaded and paid for , if Apple so chooses to shut it down . "
Hum .
So then all of those who got away with NetShare before it disappeared from the App Store are n't so safe / lucky after all .
Now , if Apple were more organized with regard to what appears and disappears from the App Store , they probably would n't need this emergency procedure .
What 's the point of an approval process if the useless , $ 1,000 " I Am Rich " app is going to make it out the door , only to be yanked immediately afterward ?
( Photo credit : Fr3d.org / Flickr )
i Phone can phone home and kill apps ?
[ iPhone Atlas ]
Using Social Media to Build a Global Culture & Happier Customers
Lower return and exchange rates
Lower incidents of " damage claims " meaning Agents make fewer mistakes
Increased customer satisfaction
Profit margins are protected from erosion ,
Agent retention improves .
Detection --
What did the customer report to us ?
( or we detected )
Treatment -- What did we do to resolve the issue ?
( apology , repair , free house call , refund , all of the above )
Cause --
What caused this to occur ?
( system failure , SOP , improper training , bad part , poor diagnosis )
Prevention --
What need to be done to prevent this from EVER happening again ?
In 1994 , with a personal investment of $ 200 , and a used car , Robert Stephens started a little home computer business in Minnesota .
To add a little flair , he called it " Geek Squad . "
In 2002 , the organization had grown considerably when Best Buy , the world 's largest consumer electronics retailer .
Unlike most entrepreneurs who get acquired , Stevens elected to stay on board .
Today , Stephens oversees the world 's largest tech support organization , with 17,000 employees , or " Agents , " as his technicians are called .
There are Geek Squad service departments in all Best Buy US and Canadian stores offering phone , in - store , and in - home support .
It also has operations in Shanghai , UK , Spain and Shanghai .
Home tech and product installation support is conducted via a fleet of 5,100 " Geekmobiles " including 2,300 oddly painted and modified Volkswagen bugs .
Wherever customers encounter Geek Squad members they see individuals dressed in white short - sleeved shirts and black ties .
At the core of it all is a behind - the - firewall social network on which Squad Agents play computer games , share information and solve customer problems .
The social network maintains a cultural solidarity that seems to carry over from one store to the next .
Every company has a culture .
The key is to start at the source and build from there .
When I first saw the size of the Louisville facility , I said " It 's a city .
Let 's call it Geek Squad City .
700 Agents living in harmony under one roof . "
The theme stuck and we used it - to define who we are .
Even within companies , there are subcultures .
Geek Squad City is distinct from other Best Buy divisions .
We encourage individual department identity pride as a simple means of reinforcing quality .
The Geek Squad is a master brand with distinct subcultures .
Each department is branded .
This generates pride .
Pride helps inspire people to pursue quality .
There is no Minister of culture .
Culture is everywhere and nowhere - so we would never have that department or title .
Culture is the product of everything a company does and stands for .
The Public Defenders are a specific group who " detect disturbances in the force . "
They listen to blogs , podcasts , twitters , etc so we can make it easy for customer to communicate with us .
We have been doing this for a few years and we continue to evolve our process .
We believe customers wo n't write letters to us anymore .
Instead they will blog it .
Every company that has any customer - facing employees needs a uniform .
We looked around in 1994 and saw only a sea of polo shirts and mini vans .
When you have no money for marketing , everything you do is marketing .
We looked at several ideas and were inspired by the dress of NASA circa the Apollo Era.
NASA of those days remains a great symbol of teamwork , impossible goals , and technical ability .
Wearing a tie used to be a sign of conformity , but now dressing nice is an act of rebellion .
The " Black and White " motif gives us the flexibility to use a variety of vehicles that also maintain a consistent look and feel .
Most of our business is word of mouth , so we need to be visible .
The police are complaining that they are getting pulled over by civilians and being asked tech support questions .
We only realized later that we have been borrowing a large amount of our fashion sense from the Federal government .
We employ wikis , forums , blogs , etc .
We intend to merge them all for the entire company at some point .
It 's not integrated yet only due to technical issues .
Long term , we intend to open up parts of it to the public as well .
For example , we are completing a new system to combine internal knowledge management with a public " support wiki " for customers to get self - help on any consumer devices - and help from us if they need more .
Socialization is a primal form of learning .
To maintain culture , keep your people talking .
We use all of the new tools to spread knowledge .
Especially with tech support .
We need to " know everything . "
Since that is impossible , we use the power of our network to make everyone smarter .
I guess you could say we are a subset of Google .
We get answers to them faster if our internal network of people can talk with each other .
New solutions get to all members of our global network faster .
Agent discovers a problem with a device and a software update .
They post it on a wiki .
Everyone else finds out and avoids problems .
We began to think about how culture can be preserved and strengthened as it grows larger .
We noticed our Agents are already socializing with each other when they play online games .
We foster that by hosting free gaming servers .
The assumption is the more we can do that , the more they will feel comfortable to help each other out solving customer problems .
I think participation is the first metric .
The more the merrier .
I do n't know if models have evolved to be able to measure the long term benefit but thankfully , the cost to try this stuff is low .
Everybody should be playing with these ideas .
We have seen movement on each of these metrics : I am sure we will see others .
Yes - and we have expanded this to an internal team called Public Defenders .
Common Sense .
No customer expects a company to be perfect , but they expect you to try .
If we reach out , they know that at least we are trying .
We then plan to collect data on this and use a feedback loop into what we call our Stage4 process - based on plane crashes .
I think our Stage4 process will provide an ROI and reduce the occurrence of every negative into 1000 positives .
It keeps us on our toes .
It provides real time feedback into our quality and systems .
It gives us new ideas for services and quality improvements .
All companies are in the service business , whether they realize it or not .
If you have a web site , a store , a line , or a phone number , you are in the service business .
As companies realize their margins erode thanks to commoditization , they will realize services are profitable .
Then they have to decide :
Will they ' own " or " outsource " their service operations .
After that , they have to decide how authentic their experience will be .
Lastly , if they ask and answer these questions , eventually they will have to answer the questions above .
I recommend Pine and Gilmore 's book that came out recently called Authenticity .
They called the experience economy in ' 99 , and now authenticity is the next gold standard - and authenticity cannot be faked .
With the economy on the top of voters ’ minds , Republican presidential candidate John McCain ’s top economic adviser said the Arizona senator will lay down a detailed program to revive dynamic growth with dramatic tax and spending reforms .
In an interview with the Washington Times , Phil Gramm , a former Texas senator who is now vice chairman of UBS , the giant Swiss bank , said he expects Mr. McCain to inherit a sluggish economy if he wins the presidency , weighed down above all by the conviction of many Americans that economic conditions are the worst in two or three decades and that America is in decline .
“ You ’ve heard of mental depression ; this is a mental recession , ” he said , noting that growth has held up at about 1 percent despite all the publicity over losing jobs to India , China , illegal immigration , housing and credit problems and record oil prices .
“ We may have a recession ; we have n’t had one yet . ”
“ We have sort of become a nation of whiners , ” he said .
“ You just hear this constant whining , complaining about a loss of competitiveness , America in decline ” despite a major export boom that is the primary reason that growth continues in the economy , he said .
“ We ’ve never been more dominant ; we ’ve never had more natural advantages than we have today , ” he said .
“ We have benefited greatly ” from the globalization of the economy in the last 30 years .
Mr. Gramm said the constant drubbing of the media on the economy ’s problems is one reason people have lost confidence .
Various surveys show that consumer confidence has fallen precipitously this year to the lowest levels in two to three decades , with most analysts attributing that to record high gasoline prices over $ 4 a gallon and big drops in the value of homes , which are consumers ’ biggest assets .
“ Misery sells newspapers , ” Mr. Gramm said .
“ Thank God the economy is not as bad as you read in the newspaper every day . ”
Mr. McCain ’s economic program will seek to enliven growth by enabling taxpayers to opt into a new , simplified tax system with two low rates of 10 percent and 25 percent and no itemized deductions , he said .
Mr. McCain would tackle intransigent budget deficits by wrestling down burgeoning benefits programs and aggressively attacking wasteful spending whether it ’s in the Pentagon ’s procurement and weapons budget or congressional pork - barrel bills , he said .
A proven “ instrument ” of bipartisan reform and change in many areas , Mr. McCain would seek out Democratic leaders like Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada to fashion a bipartisan reform of Social Security .
Mr. Gramm said a bipartisan deal might include raising the retirement age to 70 over 30 years , indexing the benefits of wealthier retirees to inflation rather than the more generous wage rate , and creating a private account program for younger workers .
Mr. McCain , a Republican with a proven record of voting for spending cuts , will renew efforts to balance the budget through spending reforms , he said .
“ It will be popular with the public but hated in Washington . ”
Mr. McCain also will pursue immigration reforms that would start with effective border enforcement but include a possible doubling of legal immigration , including no limits on scientific and technical workers and a generous sized guest worker program , he said .
“ The American story is a story of immigration , ” he said .
“ I would be the last person who would say immigrants are not important to America . ” Mr. Gramm noted that Albert Einstein was one prominent immigrant who might have been excluded under an anti-immigration regime .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Cryptopsy , Beneath The Massacre tour ( Europe )
[ 3,544 views ]
Cryptopsy , Beneath The Massacre , Trigger The Bloodshed , and Ignominious Incarceration will tour Europe together in November and December .
Here 's the schedule :
11/15 Bischofswerda , DE @ Eastclub
11/17 Hamburg , DE @ Markthalle
11/18 Berlin , DE @ Magnet
11/19 Brno , CZ @ Faval
11/20 Ljubljana , SI @ Channel Zero
11/22 Misano Adriatica , IT @ Boulevard Music Club Magnet
11/23 Rome , IT @ Circolo Degli Artisti
11/25 München , DE @ Feierwerk
11/26 Aarau , CH @ KiffFeierwerk
11/27 Utrecht , NL @ Helling
11/28 Hasselt , BE @ Muziek - o- droom
11/29 Peterborough , UK @ The Park
11/30 Birmingham , UK @ The Asylum
12/1 Sheffield , UK @ Corporation
12/2 London , UK @ Underworld
12/4 Newport , UK @ TJs
12/5 Plymouth , UK @ White Rabbit
12/8 Barcelona , ES @ Sala Mephisto
12/9 Madrid , ES @ Sala Caracol
12/10 Durango , ES @ Plateruena Kafe Antzoki
12/12 Stadtmitte , DE @ Stadtmitte
12/13 Essen , DE @ Turock
Related News Stories
Danish Cartoonist Charged in Jordan ' I Don't Allow Fanatics to Intimidate Me '
After drawing a cartoon of the Prophet Muhammad with a lit bomb in his turban in 2005 , Kurt Westergaard has lived under constant police protection .
Now Jordan wants to prosecute the Dane .
In a SPIEGEL ONLINE interview he discusses the legal summons and his anger .
A boringmost blog about bugs August 30th , 2008 02:46 am
[ Link ]
Very last minute KMail BugDay ...
Hopefully this wo n't get in the way of my BBQ plans too much .
Well , I do n't have any right now .
But I should , right ?
Especially as I 've spent way too much of this week playing with upgrading my system , thus X , thus my video drivers , thus watching everything break .
So I get to tweak to see if I can generate some sort of more useful bug report ...
Unsurprisingly , as I was playing with video stuff , I played with composite .
Its quite mesmerizing to turn on both KWin debug effects and then wobble some windows around .
Actually , I can just sit there and watch the debug stuff .
Maybe this should be a screensaver ...
And I 've had about 8 disconnects while I 've sat here typing this .
I 've had the weirdest networking issues going on for a while here ...
Maybe this weekend I need to make an expedition to Fry 's and buy a bunch of new cables .
If I 'm lucky , that will solve things .
If I 'm not , I 'll be reading up on networking protocols . :P
EDIT : This does n't work if I forget to tag it for syndication ...
Blah .
I guess people 's Belgian hangovers are gone , since people got very suddenly bored and restless , and decided we HAD to have a BugDay .
KMail being next on our hitlist , its a KMail BugDay .
And following tradition , its on Sunday .
If you can't make it , do n't worry , I did n't even know about it .
As always , feel free to drop in early and I 'll be around to teach you exciting things about triaging .
We even have a mailing list you should join , on which this kind of thing usually gets talked about .
Hopefully this wo n't get in the way of my BBQ plans too much .
Well , I do n't have any right now .
But I should , right ?
Especially as I 've spent way too much of this week playing with upgrading my system , thus X , thus my video drivers , thus watching everything break .
So I get to tweak to see if I can generate some sort of more useful bug report ...
Unsurprisingly , as I was playing with video stuff , I played with composite .
Its quite mesmerizing to turn on both KWin debug effects and then wobble some windows around .
Actually , I can just sit there and watch the debug stuff .
Maybe this should be a screensaver ...
And I 've had about 8 disconnects while I 've sat here typing this .
I 've had the weirdest networking issues going on for a while here ...
Maybe this weekend I need to make an expedition to Fry 's and buy a bunch of new cables .
If I 'm lucky , that will solve things .
If I 'm not , I 'll be reading up on networking protocols .
: PEDIT : This does n't work if I forget to tag it for syndication ...
Blah .
Tags : bugday , kde , kmail , no blue hair
The worldwide housing bust continues to pick up steam .
Down under , Home lending growth plunges to lowest level since 1991 .
HOME lending growth has suffered its biggest decline since the 1991 recession while inflation continues to soar , confronting the Reserve Bank with the dilemma of a slowing economy and simultaneously rising prices as it meets today to set interest rates .
The slump in home loan growth led a general slowdown in credit , with increases in total borrowing at a three - year low and personal loans growing at their slowest pace in six years .
Soaring petrol prices and rising rents caused by a tight housing market are feeding inflationary expectations .
ABN Amro chief economist Kieran Davies said it was possible the Reserve Bank had come to the end of its interest rate rises .
" The news on inflation has n't been good , particularly with oil prices continuing to climb , but the credit figures show borrowing is responding to higher rates , " Mr Davies said .
" It 's not a clear - cut case for the Reserve Bank , " he said .
" The danger is that although growth appears to be slowing in the economy , people may well want to embody higher food and fuel prices in their wage claims .
If that happens , you start to get into a wage - price spiral , which would be anathema to the ( Reserve ) bank .
Big Standoff
should
SELLERS want up to 30 per cent more for their homes than buyers will pay , and the stand - off has caused falling sales volumes in southeast Queensland .
A stagnant market , fuelled by uncertain economic conditions has buyers hungry for bargains .
But many sellers are still refusing to budge from their dream prices , in the face of offers tens and in some cases hundreds of thousands below what they are asking .
Johnston Dixon principal John Johnston said that in a usual market there was a disparity of between 10 per cent and 15 per cent from buyer to seller - a gap agents could often negotiate closer .
But he said the difference recently had blown out to 30 per cent .
He said right across Brisbane there were instances of people wanting $ 800,000 for their homes , and buyers wanting to pay around $ 600,000 .
RP Data research shows homes were selling at about 6.1 per cent below the asking price in April .
" There has been some movement in the level of discounting since April and I would estimate the average level of market discount in Brisbane now to be closer to 6.5 per cent to 7 per cent , " Mr Lawless said .
The Pattern Repeats
It all starts with an attitude change .
The pool of greater fools dries up .
Sellers refuse to admit the market has turned .
Volume of sales plunges .
Home prices eventually follow .
Sellers chase last month 's price all the way down .
Eventually the sellers get underwater .
Defaults and bankruptcies soar .
To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
Play Chess at Chess Corner
This is a friendly online chess club where you can play chess with players from all over the world !
Chess Corner is rapidly becoming the best place to play chess online , compete in tournaments , join teams , keep in touch with old friends and make new friends worldwide .
Registration is FREE .
Register now to join us and play chess today !
Job 1
Lisp Developer at Algorithmic Trading Software Vendor
We are looking for a Full Time Lisp developer with very strong math skills that also has experience with developing trading strategies and doing quant research in Lisp .
Your work would consist of :
Coding functions that will be included in the system library and provided to customers ( currently we have 500 functions completed covering everything from technical analysis to every major machine learning routine )
Coding complex machine learning routines to be included in the system library , with a focus on exposing every possible parameter and intermediate data series to the user , e.g. , writing linear regression so that the coefficients , residuals , etc. are accessible data series and so that the least squares metric can be replaced with other variants by simply slotting in the new function name into the keyword based call .
Using profiling tools to assist with identifying functions that can be optimized for faster processing .
Working with an in - house product specialist and the CTO as well as quants at customer firms to develop functions in Lisp for customers on - demand ( about 50 % of your time ) , as well as assisting with strategy development ( if you also have those skills ) .
Documenting Lisp functions
FFI work to C/C++ , R and compiled MatLab functions
Assisting with extensions to the core Lisp engine ( new preloaded functions , etc. )
We are the emerging leader in the space and have an enterprise class platform for building arbitrarily complex algorithmic trading strategies in a completely codeless drag - and - drop environment ( strategies look like flow diagrams ) .
The system ’s main server component is written in Lisp with an in - memory database .
We have a heavy focus on machine learning functions that can be embedded into the strategies .
The system is used for real - time high frequency trading , and backtests with enormous datasets and very computationally expensive routines .
Experience that would be a major plus , but is not necessarily required :
Advanced degree in quantitative discipline , e.g. , Financial Engineering , Physics , Math , Statistics , Comp Sci , etc .
Have worked at hedge fund or prop trading firm or bank developing trading strategies
Experience developing machine learning algorithms such as neural nets , genetic algos , decision trees , Bayesian nets , hidden Markov models , particle swarm optimization , genetic programming , clustering , regressions , etc .
MatLab , C/C++ and R development experience
Working with threaded Lisps and real time systems , large datasets etc .
This position is for the Stamford , CT office , though if you are near the Petaluma , CA office and unable to relocate we would consider this as well .
Please feel free to contact us even if we neglected to contact you after you responded to previous job postings .
Please contact Rosario Ingargiola , CTO at Alphacet via rosarioi@alphacet.com .
Job 2
Product Specialist w/ Basic Lisp Dev Skills at Algorithmic Trading Software Vendor
The Product Specialist will become an expert user of our enterprise class application for the drag - and - drop based codeless strategy development , analysis and deployment application , and assist sales executives with product demonstrations and presentations , and handle client implementations and provide ongoing training and support .
The Product Specialist will be will be instrumental in managing customer relationships during the implementation process and continued licensing usage .
Pre-sales : Assist sales team with product demonstrations and presentations .
Provide training and implementation support to customers .
Be able to understand and explain the Lisp code for any of the more than 500 functions in a growing library and help with improving documentation for those functions based upon customer questions / comments .
Post - sales : Assist with proprietary historical data upload and import of shared libraries that have been interfaced to Lisp .
Help clients to expand proprietary strategy libraries by writing strategy logic and basic functions in Lisp .
Work with other senior Lisp developers on development team to help define and then test more complex functions or strategies .
Provide production support to customers via phone , e-mail or on - site .
Assist customer in optimizing business processes around Alphacet Discovery .
Interact with development team ( issue reporting , new feature requests ) .
Use experience supporting customers to improve product documentation and training methods .
Major pluses , though not required :
Degree in quantitative discipline
Trading firm experience
Greater than basic Lisp development capabilities
Other development / IT and sales engineer experience
About Alphacet : The Company Alphacet , Inc. develops innovative software and solutions for quantitative analysts , traders and portfolio managers .
The company ’s flagship product is Alphacet Discovery , the only completely integrated solution for complex quantitative strategy development and deployment in the marketplace today .
Alphacet Discovery seamlessly connects to leading market data vendors and market database partners , and provides advanced code - less financial modeling tools that allow ‘ on the fly ’ programming , back testing and walking forward of strategies – all through a revolutionary drag & drop interface .
The company was founded in 2007 , building on development that began in 2003 , based on pioneering work by researchers at
the University of California .
Alphacet is headquartered in Stamford , Connecticut , with development facilities in Petaluma , California .
This position is for the Stamford , CT office only .
Please contact Rosario Ingargiola , CTO at Alphacet via rosarioi@alphacet.com .
About the author
( NewsTarget )
It seems as though hemp is not only an answer to our global health problems , both for people who do n't have enough to eat and for people in the western world who are malnourished from eating the wrong foods , but also an answer to our environmental crisis .
Hemp seeds are perhaps the purest , most nutritionally dense food on our planet .
They are rich in vitamins and minerals , and are also the only edible seeds with gamma- linolenic acid ( GLA ) , which is an essential fatty acid .
In fact , its essential fatty acid ratio is absolutely perfect for our bodies .
Many people think that it is impossible to be a vegan because protein comes from animal products such as meat and cheese .
In actual fact , hemp seeds are a highly nutritious source of protein that is easily digested by the body in its natural raw state .
Some of the benefits of regularly including this potent and delicious super food in your diet are : * Heart Health and Lowered Blood Pressure - High blood pressure is a sign that the heart is being overworked from having to constantly force blood through sluggish blood vessels .
Clinical studies indicate that hemp products reduce inflammation and improve circulation , which means that the blood can flow and take the pressure off the heart . *
Better Digestion 
The fiber and fats work wonders for our bowels . *
Losing Weight Naturally - Hemp will fill you up so you do n't feel hungry and crave foods that put on the pounds .
Getting enough essential fats and other nutrients that are provided by hemp is one of the best ways to stay slim and healthy . *
More Energy -
In our world we need all we can get !*
Healthy Cholesterol Levels -
The natural fats and nutrients in hemp help us to maintain balanced cholesterol levels . *
Harmonious Blood Sugars levels -
One of the most important ways to defy age and prevent disease is to maintain even blood sugar .
Hemp offers a way to live in harmony with the environment and ecosystems we depend on .
Hemp is the world 's oldest and most versatile crop .
In fact there are more than 25,000 known uses for it .
Hemp has the potential to replace all major non-renewable raw materials .
Hemp fibre is stronger and more versatile than any other plant derived fibre , including cotton and wood .
Hemp could also potentially replace petroleum products including plastics .
Deforestation is occurring at around 3 % per year , and hemp is a far superior resource since it can be grown to maturity in 100 days .
Hemp paper is far stronger and durable than paper made from trees .
Hemp is used in the world 's major currency banknotes because it is so strong and water resistant .
It is also a sustainable replacement for concrete .
Hemp can grow anywhere and does n't require pesticides , herbicides or fungicides .
Evidence suggests that it can lift heavy metals from polluted soil .
It also adds nutrients to soil by tapping into sub-soil nutrients other plants cannot access .
Hemp biomass fuel produces no sulphur and can be effectively used as a relatively clean power source due to its 95 % fuel to feed ratio .
At the end of the day , we need to recognise that protecting our environment and our health go hand in hand .
Sheryl is a kinesiologist , nutritionist and holistic practitioner .
Her website www.younglivingguide.com provides the latest research on preventing disease , looking naturally gorgeous , and feeling emotionally and physically fabulous .
You can also find some of the most powerful super foods on the planet including raw chocolate , purple corn , and many others .
Tuesday , 08 Jul , 2008 Science
According to a government review , about one thousand of children suffering from untreated speech problems have a high risk of being unemployed , facing mental health problems and being involved in crime .
The conservative Member of Parliament , Jon Bercow , performed a review into services for children who have communication difficulties .
He warned that young people with speech problems , which are not identified and treated at an early stage , can be exposed to " multiple risks " after they grow up .
The review of Mr. Bercow criticizes the quality of treatments and calls for better improvement in the capacity of public services to identify and treat speech problems .
" If a child does not benefit from early intervention , there are multiple risks which may become evident over a period of years – of lower educational attainment , of behavioural problems , of emotional and psychological difficulties , of poorer employment prospects , of challenges to mental health and , in some cases , of a descent into criminality , " the review says .
According to statistics provided by Bercow 's review , about half off all children in some regions of UK are growing up with serious communication problems .
He says that such problems may lead to serious social consequences .
" Children with primary language difficulties are at higher risk of developing behavioural , emotional and social difficulties .
This increases the risk of their exclusion from school and , in the most extreme cases , can lead to young people entering the criminal justice system , " the review says .
Data presented in the review states that about 40,000 children , 1 in 14 five - year - olds , go to school with serious problems related to speech , language and communication needs .
The treatment is erratically provided throughout the country , Mr. Bercow says .
" While there are some excellent professionals and good services out there , the overall position in speech , language and communication needs is highly unsatisfactory .
Access to information and services is poor and the quality of services themselves is very mixed , effective joint working between health and education services is rare and there is a postcode lottery across the country . "
The MP said that ministers should assign a " Communications Champion " in order to provide the support that young people need .
" Above all , the priority attached to SLC needs is too low and this must change , " Mr. Bercow said .
The report presents five main topics : that speech , language and communication represent a vital skill and main human right , spotting problems at an early stage is crucial for evading social and economic problems later in life , the services should be uninterrupted from an early stage , different services need to work together more intensively and the system that is today is , in fact , " patchy . "
The results of the study were presented to the Schools Secretary , Ed Balls , and the Health Secretary at a school in London , Alan Johnson .
The review was highly appreciated by the children 's charities .
" This report highlights 40 recommendations for addressing the needs of children and young people with speech , language and communication difficulties .
It is important that every single point is acted upon , rather than a select few being cherry - picked , " outlined chief executive of NCH , the children 's charity , Clare Tickell .
Powered by www.infoniac.com
While we ’re still waiting for Dell to roll - out its Inspiron 910 mini-notebook , Dell had just announced , on August 27th , that it is now selling two more desktops and two more laptops that will come pre-installed with Ubuntu 8.04 .
These low - priced systems consist of the two pre-configured laptops — the Vostro A840 and A860 — and two pre-configured desktops — the Vostro A100 and A180 .
Unfortunately , for North American buyers , only the Vostro A860 notebook with its 15.6 ″ display will be available to North American desktop Linux customers .
The Vostro A860 will also be Dell ’s first globally available Ubuntu - powered PC .
Earlier Dell computers with Ubuntu , like the XPS M1530n and Inspiron E1505n were only available in the U.S. or in other limited regions .
Both of the new Dell lines are meant for small business users .
And , in particular , they ’re meant for what John Hull , Dell ’s manager of Linux engineering , calls “ greenfields . ”
Greenfields are countries that , until recently , have n’t had many PCs .
Dell , along with other PC vendors like HP and Lenovo , believes that greenfield nations , which have n’t been locked into Microsoft ’s Windows monopoly , are an ideal Linux desktop audience .
In a Dell channel blog posting , Steve Felice , Dell ’s senior - VP for Dell Asia - Pacific and Japan , “ The two new Vostro laptops and two desktop models are being introduced in countries in Asia , Africa , Europe and Latin America over the next several weeks . ”
Felice went on to explain why Dell is introducing these PCs to the greenfield nations .
“ With today ’s products we ’re bringing great , new mobile technology to customers in the world ’s emerging countries .
Those customers tell us that the cost of technology , especially mobile technology , is too high .
They want affordable systems that are high - quality and highly reliable .
They want technology that ’s easy to deploy and maintain .
They want great service , and support that ’s easy to get and pay for .
We ’ve designed these new Vostro products to meet those needs . ”
Part of that low - cost , high - quality package is Ubuntu While Dell is also offering Windows Vista Home Basic , even fervent Microsoft die - hards are hard - pressed to find anything good to say about this ugly step - sister of the Vista family .
The Dell Vostro A860 laptop , which is the model that everyone will be able to buy , has a widescreen LCD with anti-glare coating .
Users can choose between from several different different Intel processors ranging from a Celeron to Core 2 Duo processor .
It also includes an integrated Ethernet port , modem and 802.11g Wi-Fi connectivity with optional Bluetooth capabilities .
The 860 will come with 1GB of RAM , up to a 160 GB hard - drive , and a choice between a 24x DVD / CD - RW combo drive or an 8 x DVD +/- RW optical drive with double - layer DVD +/- R write capability .
The Dell Vostro A840 is a 14.1 - inch version of the A860 laptop with an anti-glare WXGA widescreen LCD and a 120 GB hard - drive .
It will have a cheaper price - point , but is otherwise expected to be the same as the A860 .
On the desktop , Dell will be offering the Dell Vostro A180 .
The system also offers a choice of CPUs ranging from the Intel Celeron to Pentium dual core processors .
It also comes with 1GB of memory , a small number of the usual USB , audio , and Ethernet ports , a 8x DVD +/- RW optical drive and a 160 GB hard drive .
Finally , the entry - level Dell Vostro A100 is an entry - level desktop designed for basic business productivity .
Curiously , for a mini - tower desktop PC , the A100 uses Intel ’s Atom processor , which is typically seen on mini-notebooks and UMPCs ( Ultra Mobile PCs ) .
Another point of interest is that the Vostro A100 does n’t have a Windows option .
It ’s Dell first PC where Linux is the only operating system choice .
The A100 also has the usual assortment of ports , a 16x DVD optical drive , an 80 GB hard drive , and up to one gigabyte of RAM .
It truly is an ‘ entry - level ’ PC .
Ubuntu , however , works quite reasonably on smaller , less - powerful systems so it should still prove attractive to buyers .
Dell has not announced pricing for these systems yet .
They will be released on a staggered schedule throughout their markets .
By early November , all these computers will be available .
The Vostro A860 should be available to U.S. customers by mid-September .
In an unusual move for Dell , long - time champion of direct - sales , all these systems will be made available via resellers .
About 720,000 leaflets were sent out at a cost of £ 15,000
Enlarge Image
Birmingham City Council has admitted sending out leaflets which showed its US namesake 's skyline instead .
About 720,000 pamphlets praising Brummies for their recycling were sent around the city at a cost of £ 15,000 .
But instead of showing landmarks such as the Rotunda and the new Selfridges building , it showed downtown Birmingham , Alabama , instead .
Jon Cooper , 37 , who spotted the error , said the council had thanked him for pointing out the mistake .
Mr Cooper , of Kings Norton , Birmingham , said he had been left puzzled by the leaflet which was pushed through his letterbox .
A TALE OF TWO BRUMS Birmingham , UK , has population of 1,006,500 while its US namesake has 242,820 residents Birmingham , UK , one of original centres of industrial revolution and known as City Of A Thousand Trades Birmingham , AL founded in 1871 and named after English city Also became major industrial centre US city saw riots and protests during civil rights movement of 1960s
It was meant to thank residents for helping the city achieve its recycling targets early .
But underneath the heading Thank You Birmingham ! , it showed a photo of a city that Mr Cooper did not recognise .
He said : " I had a really close look and did n't recognise any buildings that I know from Birmingham so I thought there 's just something wrong here .
" I 'm a regular visitor to the US and I thought maybe it looked a little bit like a US city .
I thought well actually there 's a Birmingham in America .
" So I got on to Google and found a picture of the downtown area of Birmingham , Alabama , and hey presto , there it was .
" I actually thought it was pretty funny . "
City council officials initially claimed no mistake had been made and the " generic skyline [ was ] intended to symbolise an urban area " .
But a spokesman has now admitted the authority was at fault .
" Birmingham is immensely proud of its recycling record and this leaflet has helped to get the recycling message across to thousands of our enthusiastic citizens over the last 15 months , " he said .
" We accept that the wrong photo was used , but the text and detail contained in the leaflet is wholly correct which is the most important message . "
He said it had received only one complaint about the error and there were no plans to reprint the leaflet .
The mayor of Birmingham , Alabama , Larry P Langford , said he took the mistake as a compliment .
He said : " People have a tendency , as you well know , to get all bent out of shape over stuff .
" Life is too short .
I thought it was flattering .
And please continue to use the skyline - it does n't bother me . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Over the weekend , rumors started rebounding around the Internet : initial work from the Mars Phoenix lander had found something that was evidence relevant to the possibility of life on Mars , and the President had been briefed .
Before the jokes regarding the President and intelligent life had subsided , other rumors suggested that NASA had found a toxin that was incompatible with life .
NASA decided to end the speculation , and dragged members of the Phoenix team into an early - afternoon press conference .
Phoenix may have found an abundance of a specific chemical on Mars , but the researchers involved are n't even sure what it is yet .
NASA spokesman Duane Brown introduced the press conference by referencing what he called the " speculation and rumors , " and described it as an attempt to set the record straight .
The scientists , he said , were doing so reluctantly , as they are being forced to present the results before their instruments were even producing an unambiguous result , much less one that had passed peer review .
Mike Meyer , the head of NASA 's Mars efforts , said , " we 're here today to announce a nonannouncement — more experiments and time are needed to resolve the results of the science experiments . "
The project lead , Peter Smith , seemed a bit more accepting .
Describing it as a " break with scientific tradition , " he nevertheless said that it was a great opportunity that he likened to " opening a window to allow the public to see the scientific process in action . "
Although that process is still dealing with multiple , potentially contradictory , indications , the strongest one they have is that there are significant amounts of perchlorate on Mars .
Perchlorate 's chemical formula is ClO 4 - , and is found naturally on earth , typically as part of a salt with a positive ion .
It was once thought to be such a strong oxidizing agent that it was considered incompatible with organic compounds , leading to some of the rumors that circulated about findings of a chemical that could kill .
Since then , however , it has not only been found in deposits with organic compounds , but microbes have been discovered that actually use it as the primary oxidizing agent in their metabolism .
The problem is that two instruments on the lander are providing somewhat contradictory results .
Michael Hecht spoke about the MECA instrument , which runs wet chemistry experiments .
The instrument contains a number of sensors that are tuned to pick up the presence of different classes of ions released as the sample heats up .
The instrument that picks up perchlorate and ( to a lesser extent , nitrates ) registered a huge spike — so large , the scientists did n't trust it .
Since then , however , a second sample and a test with an earth - bound version of MECA produced the same spike , so the MECA folks are feeling confident .
The Rosy Red sample on its way to MECA
NASA / JPL - Caltech / University of Arizona / Max Planck Institute
The people behind the TEGA instrument , represented by William Boynton , are less sure .
TEGA probes the composition of gases released when samples are heated using a mass spectrometer , and it has seen large amounts of oxygen ( consistent with perchlorate ) , but no chlorine .
Only a number of perchlorate salts will decompose in a way that releases chlorine , so that 's not a complete shock , but the team is now trying to figure out ways to detect some of the others .
Assuming the finding 's right , what 's it all mean ?
It 's really hard to say .
Different perchlorate salts can have very different properties , so nailing down precisely what 's present in the soil will be critical .
Once that 's done , data from elsewhere on the planet can be reevaluated to determine whether its presence might be widespread .
Given that some organisms use it as part of their basic biochemistry , it 's clearly not incompatible with life , but it does n't seem to make life — past or present — any more likely on Mars .
The researchers note that , because of its strong oxidizing properties , perchlorate was actually used in the propulsion system of one stage of the Delta rocket that got Phoenix to Mars in the first place .
But dry runs with the instruments showed that they were n't contaminated , and the shovel has spent a month scraping itself clean on various soil samples , so any contamination there should have declined significantly .
Amusingly , the scientists have been giving each soil sample brought on board a nickname , so the press conference was peppered with references to " wicked witch , " " baby bear , " " rosy red , " and " sorceress . "
So , as mentioned right at the start , this was a bit of a nonannouncement .
We 've got a strong indication that perchlorate is probably present , but we 're not even positive yet , much less precisely the form it 's in .
About the clearest thing that can be said about the results came from Michael Hecht , who said , " they can potentially keep a lot of graduate students busy for a very long time . "
In 1970 Russian geologists started drilling into the Kola Peninsula , near Finland , hoping to learn more about Earth ’s enigmatic insides .
After 22 years of digging , work had to stop when the crust turned gooey under the drill bit ; at 356 degrees Fahrenheit , the underground rock was much hotter than expected at that depth .
The result of the scientists ’ grand effort : a tunnel as wide as a cantaloupe extending all of 7.6 miles down .
The Kola borehole is by far the deepest one ever dug , yet it reaches a mere 0.2 percent of the way to the core .
The rest of Earth ’s interior remains as frustratingly out of reach as it was three centuries ago , when astronomer Edmond Halley suggested that our planet was hollow and filled with life .
His ideas seem laughable today , but the truth is , when it comes to the inner Earth , no one knows anything for sure .
Might a massive crystal sit at the center ?
What about a natural nuclear reactor ?
Are we so sure that the textbook diagram of the Earth sliced open , with nested layers of yellow , orange , and red , reflects reality ?
The questions are so compelling that they inspired one geophysicist to draw up blueprints for a journey to the center of Earth .
Nobody is doing it just yet ; it would require cracking open the ground and pouring in thousands of tons of liquid metal .
But that and other far - fetched ideas may inspire the ambitious projects necessary to catch a glimpse of the core — a place just 3,950 miles below our feet and yet , in many ways , less accessible than the edge of the visible universe , 13.8 billion light - years away .
Geophysicists try to explore the architecture of Earth by studying seismic waves that shimmy through the planet .
Every year more than a thousand earthquakes register at hundreds of seismic stations , sometimes making their way completely across the globe .
The waves travel at differing speeds depending on the materials they flow through , which provides clues about the topography of the interior : Faster - moving waves , for instance , generally indicate denser rock .
( It ’s a bit like trying to identify a murder victim by examining the damage to the bullet . )
The seismological data are combined with information about Earth ’s internal density derived from the laws of gravity and with results from extreme - pressure experiments in which materials are squeezed between diamonds to pressures of millions of pounds per square inch .
From all of this indirect evidence , scientists have been able to conjure complex , if often still speculative , ideas about the world below .
Here is the picture so far .
The Crust The thin skin of Earth ranges from three miles thick ( under some parts of the ocean ) to 40 miles thick ( under the continents ) .
The crust encompasses the brittle and shifting continental plates ; it becomes scarred with mountains when the plates grind together or with deep ocean basins when the plates pull apart .
The Mantle This deep layer of warm rock accounts for two - thirds of the mass of our planet .
The solid but pliable rock churns in slow motion , drawing heat from Earth ’s center up toward the crust .
There is enough turnover so that rock is constantly cycling through ; pieces of crust have probably reached all the way down to the bottom of the mantle , about 1,700 miles below the surface .
The underside of the mantle — the boundary between it and the liquid outer core — is probably rugged terrain .
Think of it as the Earth ’s surface turned upside down .
The boundary ’s mountains may approach the height of the Himalayas , and the constant activity may cause “ avalanches , ” flows of rock that cascade along the slopes of those inverted peaks .
The Outer Core Made of molten iron , nickel , and other ingredients yet to be determined , the churning liquid outer core may have the viscosity of water , streaming at possibly one to several miles per week with the turbulence of a gargantuan , slow - moving washing machine .
The Inner Core
At the center of this spherical body of liquid is the inner core , a ball of iron alloy one - third the size of the moon .
This metal ball is broiling hot at 11000 degrees Fahrenheit , comparable to the surface of the sun , but it remains solid because of the enormous weight of all the rest of Earth bearing down on it .
Life thrives on this planet partly because it is protected by the powerful magnetic field generated in the outer core .
The swirling motions of the liquid metals there create the conditions for what is known as a geodynamo­ — a geologic electric generator .
How this dynamo was initiated and how it works is mysterious , but it seems that the circulation of liquid metal through a magnetic field ( which must have begun eons ago ) causes a feedback loop of electricity and magnetism and unleashes a powerful electric current hundreds of miles wide .
This current fills the core and is the source of tremendous magnetism ; its poles , located roughly at the ends of Earth ’s axis , mark magnetic north and south .
Dangerous cosmic rays are deflected by the magnetic field back out into space , and our atmosphere remains robust because of this protection .
Although most geophysicists feel confident that they understand the topography of the inner Earth within a resolution of several hundred miles , it is possible that our assumptions from seismic data could be as inaccurate as were our assumptions about other planets when earthbound telescopes were our only source of observation .
“ If we have only remote information — the information we get from indirect methods — then we get only part of the picture , ” says David Stevenson , a professor of planetary science at Caltech .
This is where the speculative , often offbeat , theories come in .
As recently as 1995 , geophysicists at the Carnegie Institution of Washington proposed that the inner core was actually a gigantic crystal .
This strange but educated guess came in response to strong evidence that seismic waves traveling through the inner core along the axis of the magnetic poles complete their trip through Earth about four seconds more quickly than do waves traveling from one side of the equator to the other .
An iron crystal would account for this marked “ grain ” in the inner core , and the extreme temperature and pressure at the planet ’s center happen to be ideal conditions for crystal growing .
As scientists have learned more about the properties of iron , however , the sleek crystal hypothesis has been challenged by an opposite idea : that the iron core is a lumpy , layered wad .
“ The inner core could be comparable to the Earth ’s surface but with more subdued variations , ” says geophysicist John Vidale of the University of Washington .
“ And there is some evidence that there are variations in the properties inside of it . ”
Although the inner core is mostly or entirely solid , it probably does flow slowly over time , like a glacier .
Variations in its composition may mean that some parts melt more easily than others , causing lumpiness and , after eons of flow , layering .
Some researchers calculate that the layers in the inner core are tens of miles thick , Vidale says .
At the bottom of those layers may lie yet another surprise .
After perusing the records of hundreds of thousands of earthquakes , geophysicists at Harvard University speculate that there may be an inner inner core , a 360 - mile - wide nugget at the very center that has its own grain , slightly askew to the rest of the inner core .
This could be the oldest part of our planet , a relic of Earth ’s formation 4.6 billion years ago — or , less exciting , it could be iron crystals packed together in an odd way .
Evidence for the inner - inner core is mounting .
Perhaps the oddest theory about our planet ’s inner workings comes from an independent geophysicist , J. Marvin Herndon , who imagines that instead of a stable ball of iron at Earth ’s center , there could be a natural nuclear reactor chugging away .
He believes that uranium may have settled into the core — enough to sustain nuclear fission — and that the resulting reactor is the energy source for the geomagnetic field .
“ The whole idea of Earth having an inner core that ’s nickel - iron metal goes back 60 years , ” says Herndon .
“ It ’s still being promoted because people are afraid to even consider that it might not be correct .
Most people are afraid to go against the consensus mentality . ”
Although Herndon ’s idea is considered to be fringe by those in the field , even his harshest critics admit that it cannot be entirely dismissed — we simply do not know enough .
“ It ’s very easy to create wild theories that do not violate what we observe , ” says Stevenson , who has outspokenly opposed Herndon ’s reactor concept .
“ There is nothing that Herndon predicts that is necessary . ”
Then again , he admits , “ That ’s not the same thing as saying I know for certain he is wrong . ”
Testing Herndon ’s wild idea , along with many other hypotheses , will require new and better tools designed for deep Earth exploration .
If there is indeed significant radioactivity in the core , for instance , we would expect subatomic particles called neutrinos ( by - products of radioactive decay ) to be emitted and make their way to the surface .
Although neutrino detectors already exist , their accuracy is limited .
It is currently difficult to determine whether any given neutrino originated from space or escaped Earth ’s core .
Detectors designed specifically to find so - called geoneutrinos may be up and running in 10 to 20 years .
Studying the origin of Earth ’s magnetic field is even tougher .
For example , scientists do n’t understand why the magnetic field is as strong as it is , or why the field reverses polarity — the North Pole becomes the South Pole and vice versa — every several hundreds of thousands of years , briefly vanishing in between .
Some impressive computer models have replicated this effect , but those matches , while impressive , fall far short of explaining things .
Several labs around the world have attempted to create large physical models of the core by tumbling molten metal in barrel - size copper spheres .
The hope is to get a lab - size geodynamo going under small - scale conditions that mimic those inside Earth .
A lab at the École Normale Supérieure in Paris has created a geodynamo in this way , and the scientists there were able to observe flips in polarity , although critics say that the experiment does not replicate the core ’s conditions closely enough to be trumpeted as a true success .
“ It ’s quite clear that the core is a more hostile environment than the surface of the sun , ” says Dan Lathrop , a geophysicist at the University of Maryland , pointing out the difficulty in accurately re-creating the core .
Lathrop is building a 10 - foot - sphere version of this kind of experiment that some believe will be the first model to convincingly imitate Earth ’s geodynamo .
Earth ’s interior conditions are so extreme that mimicking them , whether with molten globes or with rock samples crushed between tiny diamonds , may not be possible for many years .
Some potentially decisive experiments may never be practical enough to execute .
“ We ca n’t really come up with a rotating convection state that would be truly capable of showing a dynamo because convection is always too weak , ” Lathrop says .
“ We would have to build an experiment that is 100 feet in diameter .
That would be a big experiment . ”
Not only would Lathrop and his colleagues need an enormous apparatus , but to truly model the core they would also need to re-create gravity ’s downward pull , a contributing element to the physics of inner Earth .
“ There ’s no way to replicate that in an experiment unless you were to put a black hole at the center , ” says Lathrop .
“ So we need a laboratory black hole .
I ’ve asked my students to try to figure out how to do this , but so far they have n’t come up with anything . ”
Even a gargantuan artificial core with a black hole at its center — cool as that sounds — would still be only a simulation .
Better yet would be direct evidence , the kind we could get only if we actually trekked down to Earth ’s center .
With this in mind , Stevenson drew up a proposal that was published in the journal Nature .
His idea is to open a crack in Earth ’s crust with a controlled blast and then pour in 100,000 tons of liquid iron , along with a few refrigerator - size probes .
According to his calculations , gravity should pull the heavy iron , and the probes with it , down to the core in about one week .
( The path behind would naturally seal itself up . )
The probes could communicate with the surface via seismic waves , sending back readings on the constituents and properties of the mantle and core .
Although Stevenson ’s proposal was mostly meant as a provocation , many in the field agree it is plausible .
So why not give it a whirl ?
“ It ’s too damn expensive , ” Stevenson says .
He has worked with NASA designing space missions to explore the geophysics of other planets in our solar system , so he has some insight into how much these things cost .
Constructing a probe that could survive the heat and pressure of the core and send back information would be a major undertaking , not to mention the expensive bureaucracy that would go along with taking on such a high - profile project .
“ In all likelihood the effort required to start it would be comparable to the Manhattan Project or a space mission .
It could be billions of dollars . ”
Which is not to say that it should not be done .
Our fantastic ideas usually cannot compare to the truths uncovered when scientists get their hands on the curtain and pull it back .
“ One of the enduring messages of planetary exploration , ” Stevenson says , “ is when we actually go somewhere , we are surprised . ”
World Net Daily | July 28 , 2008
A Christian organization is pressuring the community of Elberton , Ga. , to tear down a massive , granite monument that lists an alternative set of Ten Commandments that the organization labels satanic .
The monument , known as the Georgia Guidestones , was built under a cloud of mystery in 1980 .
It lists 10 commandments in eight different languages , including a call to establish a new world language , limit human population to 500 million and avoid being “ a cancer on the Earth . ”
“ We have atheists and Satanists getting the Bible ’s Ten Commandments removed from public property , ” said Mark Dice , spokesman for the group The Resistance , “ yet the satanic Georgia Guidestones have stood for decades , and nobody seems to care .
Well , we do . ”
VISIT WORLD NET DAILY FOR THE FULL STORY : CLICK HERE
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Score another win for the Crimson .
With endowments and pension funds struggling in a down market , Harvard University 's endowment notched a strong gain for the fiscal year ending in June , up 7 % to 9 % , according to people familiar with the returns .
The endowment , worth $ 35 billion at the close of the 2007 fiscal year , was boosted by investments ...
Popular social bookmarking service del.icio.us has finally unveiled one of its most significant and anticipated redesigns since launching in 2003 .
Ars Technica went hands on to see what Yahoo has in store for the next generation of social bookmarking .
As a quick primer for those who have n't hopped on the bandwagon yet : social bookmarking websites allow you to save URLs in " the cloud " instead of in a single browser .
Bookmarks can be tagged with multiple keywords for easy categorization and recall , which offers a number of benefits .
First , sites like these are great resources for watching what other human beings ( not automated search engines ) are interested in .
Second , by harnessing the many integrated tools for both saving and retrieving bookmarks , you can harness these social filtering tools as a way to liberate your web browsing habits since your bookmarks are no longer locked up in a single browser or even computer .
One of the most subtle , yet important , changes in the new Delicious ( called " delicious 2 " by everyone but its developers ) is the loss of two periods from its name .
The URL used for the service until now has always been a clever play on domain names : del.icio.us .
Now that URL , and all links to bookmarks saved at it , redirect to the much friendlier delicious.com .
Explained in an announcement blog post , the new Delicious focuses on three fundamentals : speed , search , and design .
Browsing through the site , that first criterion has clearly been met .
Yahoo says Delicious has over 5 million users now , and as a regular user of the site for around three years , I 've noticed the gradual slowdown that Delicious acknowledges .
That creeping sluggishness is nowhere to be found anymore , though , and clicking through tags from both my own bookmarks and across the site 's community is really zippy .
Next on Delicious ' menu is the all - important search , which again focused on speed but also utility .
I no longer have time to make a pot of coffee while waiting for results , and Delicious ' search is both more accurate and social .
A search can be directed at one 's own tags , a single user 's public bookmarks , the bookmarks from one 's social network , or of course , the entirety of Delicious .
Either way , searches are lightning quick , though I 'm disappointed to see the default search option point at the entirety of Delicious , instead of my own bookmarks .
Perhaps the Delicious crew has real user statistics to prove that this is the better choice , but I prefer rooting through my own maze of bookmarks and tags before embarking out through the rest of Delicious .
At the least , I would like a feature to customize this default setting .
As a brief side note , I 'm very glad to see that the Delicious crew maintained composure when it comes to the social networking aspects of the site .
The ability to add friends and send links to other users is definitely a value of the service .
But in the back of my mind I always worried that this new version would bring a lot of ridiculous cruft like extensive user profiles or , heck , even minigames like " Link that beer " or " URL Scrabble . "
It 's refreshing to see that the site maintained just the bare necessities of a " network " list of friends , as well as " fans " who are interested in what you 're bookmarking .
Easily the most significant change to the new Delicious is the team 's third criteria : design .
Yahoo says that improving usability and adding a handful of frequently requested features were top priorities , and it shows .
Delicious ' UI is much cleaner now , with bookmark metadata like dates and tags getting cleaned up with more relevant placement and visual markup .
A new colorized counter accompanies each bookmark to let the user know how many others have saved the same URL , and the light blue color gets darker and heavier as that number increases .
A handful of new tools have been added to the site to make it easier to navigate bookmarks and hone in on a specific tag .
In the top left of each bookmark list , for example , are three view buttons that allow for adjusting how much metadata is displayed with each bookmark ( tags , URL , etc. ) .
Bookmarks can now be sorted alphabetically in addition to chronologically , and a " Top 10 Tags " widget in the right sidebar of each user page offers a quick glimpse at what kinds of bookmarks make him or her tick .
Lots of smaller bits of polish sprinkled throughout make the new design a joy to explore .
Check out a clever video the Delicious team put together that does a great job of highlighting the feature evolution this update brings :
With all of these welcome changes , though , Delicious still suffers from some rough edges and bizarre stubbornness .
One previously existing feature that allows for automatic blogging of the day 's bookmarks , for example , is still listed as " experimental " and is fairly clunky to set up .
On a grander scale , Delicious is sticking with its single - word philosophy for tagging bookmarks on the service , instead of adopting the far more useful comma-separated method that most other sites have agreed on .
This means that if you add ' Mac OS X ' as a tag to a bookmark , you 've actually added three tags : " Mac , " " OS , " and " X . "
This needlessly restrictive limitation can make the process of building a tag hierarchy frustrating , especially for new users .
That said , the new Delicious is largely a success .
The new design is far easier to navigate and provides a lot of useful ways to visualize bookmarks from one 's own collection and across the site .
The speed brings a refreshing boost to performance for those who frequent the site , and some limited testing shows that existing clients for posting and retrieving bookmarks still work perfectly well .
The new Delicious may not bring a revolutionary change to social bookmarking , but the significant changes are a very welcome evolution .
Get productive quickly with these Microsoft 365 videos , tutorials , and resources .
Remote teaching and learning
Access the tools you need for classroom management and student engagement whether you 're in the classroom or connecting remotely .
GET TOOLS FOR TEACHERS
SYDNEY ( Reuters Life ! ) -
Ca n’t help checking your partner ’s text messages on the sly ?
You ’re not alone , with an Australian survey showing one in three mobile phone users are text message snoops , and the consequences can often be heart - breaking .
A customer sends a text message from her phone in a mobile phone shop in Jakarta June 18 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Crack Palinggi
The online survey , conducted for telecoms service provider Virgin Mobile Australia , shows that women are more likely than men to check their partner ’s phone in secret .
It also revealed that 73 percent of these sneaky text checkers have found out things they later wished they had n’t , and 10 percent ended their relationship because of SMS snooping .
“ In a society when we very rarely let our mobile phones out of our sight , it ’s quite amazing to think that for a lot of us the minute we jump in the shower , someone might be checking up on us , ” Virgin Mobile ’s Amber Morris said in a statement .
Slightly more than 500 mobile phone users in Australia aged between 18 and 29 were polled by a market research firm in July .
The survey found that 60 percent spy on text messages when their partner is in the shower , while just over 41 percent do it when they are in the same room .
Nearly 45 percent said they had discovered flirtatious or sexual texts , ranging from the harmless to the graphic .
“ With so many modes of communication available these days , it ’s difficult to keep track of your partner ’s whereabouts or who they ’re chatting to and when , ” Virgin Mobile quoted author and relationship expert Samantha Brett as saying .
“ Flirting is age old , but the fact that it can now be tracked on your phone makes a nervous partner a paranoid text - checker . ”
Brett advised SMS snoops to stop .
“ If you suspect that your partner is up to something , talk about it .
Text checking can turn into a vicious cycle , and it can easily be avoided , ” she added .
The Russian navy will make more use of Syrian ports as part of increased military presence in the Mediterranean , a Russian charge d'affaires tells reporters in Damascus
Iskandar Missile System Syria says did not agree to deploy Russian missiles Roee Nahmias Senior source denies reports that Presidents Assad , Medvedev discussed Damascus ' offer to place Iskandar missile system on Syrian territory Syria says did not agree to deploy Russian missiles
The announcement comes as tensions rise between Moscow and the West over Russia 's role in Georgia .
Syrian President Bashar Assad backed Russia 's recent offensive on Georgia in support of a separatist province during a visit to Russia last week .
" Our Navy presence in the Mediterranean will increase .
Russian vessels will be visiting Syria and other friendly ports more frequently , " Igor Belyaev , the Russian charge d'affaires , told reporters in the Syrian capital .
" The visits are continuing , " he added .
Russia relies on Syria 's Tartous port as a main stopping point in the Mediterranean , although ties between the two countries have cooled since the collapse of Communism , when Moscow supplied Syria with billions of dollars worth of arms .
Internet news sites have reported that a Russian naval unit , including the aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov , docked at Tartous earlier this month .
Belyaev would not be drawn on specifics , or whether new military agreements with Syria were reached during Assad 's meeting with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev at a Black Sea resort on Thursday .
" The two leaders gave their directions to advance ties in the economy , trade and energy fields , as well as military cooperation , " he said .
Israeli military superiority
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said last week Russia was prepared to sell Syria more arms as long as they do not disturb the " regional balance of power . "
Lavrov was referring to the position of Israel , which has a superior military and is widely believed to possess nuclear weapons .
Syria , which is technically at war with the Jewish state , has embarked on a drive to upgrade its military in recent years .
The Interfax news agency quoted a Russian diplomat as saying that Syria and Russia were working on deals involving Damascus buying anti-aircraft and anti-tank systems .
The Syrian government has denied reports in Russian media that Assad had said he was ready to host advanced Russian Iskander missiles , which would be able to hit Israeli territory .
Israel made it clear it opposes sale of such weapons to Syria .
Diplomats in the Syrian capital said Russia would not easily sell Syria any weapons that could seriously challenge Israel 's military superiority .
" It remains to be seen how much the Russians would come through for Syria .
Damascus also does not want to jeopardize its ongoing peace talks with Israel , " one of the diplomats said .
Israeli warplanes raided a target in eastern Syria in September .
The two countries have since embarked on indirect peace talks .
The United States , Israel 's chief ally , said the target was a nuclear complex under construction with the help of North Korea .
Syria denied the accusation and said it had no secret nuclear facilities .
I ’ve recently been writing some collection implementations for Scala which will hopefully go in the standard library in the upcoming release .
Naturally I want to make sure that I tested the hell out of them , so I ’ve been writing a reasonably large number of ScalaCheck tests to test the code and make sure it does what I want it to .
Earlier I realised I should probably be doing some sort of coverage checking to make sure I had tested things adequately so thought I ’d see how easy it would be to plug Cobertura into a Scala project .
And I have good news !
The answer is : Essentially trivial .
There were a few minor issues that cropped up while doing it :
Cobertura strips scala specific metadata out of the class files .
This means that you must compile everything first , including your unit tests , before instrumenting code .
Scala does a lot of name mangling and generates a lot of classes with weird names .
Cobertura naturally does n’t understand the mapping back to Scala code , so you ’ll see the mangled names .
They ’re not usually that hard to figure out .
Cobertura wo n’t be able to find your source files if you do n’t follow Java directory conventions for packages .
Other than that , it all works fine .
You get per line coverage information for your source files , decent per package and per class reports , etc .
No problem .
Unfortunately my coverage was n’t nearly as good as I hoped , so I ’ll probably have to write a bunch more tests before I submit a patch .
Update : Actually , the line number reporting for Cobertura +
Scala appears to be really bad , and often really hard to decipher .
But it ’s still a nice tool , and actually helped me catch some bugs .
For beginners .
Object Oriented Programming is not Procedural programming with structures .
They are 2 different ways to think about programs .
This is a brief explanation of why the two approaches are different .
Procedural model
Procedural programs are a series of steps .
It is the most natural and widespread style of programming .
The first HL language - Plankalkül - was a procedural language .
I do n't know why Procedural programming is natural ... but think about the first program you were taught .
Nope , not " Hello World ! " .
More like the program to tie your shoes , or the program to use the big boy 's potty .
The program they taught you was a series of sequential actions - a procedure .
We use Procedural programming all the time .
Cooking recipes for example .
Procedural programming is easier to grasp .
The OO model
Object Oriented programming shift the focus away from the procedure to the definition and combination of high - level constructs .
These constructs are called Objects .
Instead of being too theoretic , I 'll jump into an example to illustrate why this is a major paradigm shift .
Example : Procedural approach
I found a good snippet to illustrate how they differ .
Many thanks to Martin Carel .
#!/usr/bin/env python
# Thanks to Martin Carel from http://dev-logger.blogspot.com/
import time
import urllib
from elementtree import ElementTree
feed_link = " http://feeds.feedburner.com/37signals/beMH "
title , published_date = " " , " "
TITLE_PATH = " .//item/title "
DATE_PATH = ".//item/pubDate "
while True :
feed = urllib.urlopen(feed_link ).read ( )
tree = ElementTree.fromstring ( feed )
fetched_title = tree.findtext ( TITLE_PATH )
fetched_published_date = tree.findtext ( DATE_PATH )
if title != fetched_title :
print fetched_title , fetched_published_date
title , published_date = fetched_title , fetched_published_date
time.sleep (5 * 60 )
How am I going to write the OO program ?
Example : Hybrid functional / OO approach
#!/usr/bin/env python
# Thanks to Martin Carel from http://dev-logger.blogspot.com/
import time
import urllib
from elementtree import ElementTree
class Feed :
class Entry :
def __init__ ( self , elem ) :
self.title = elem.findtext ( " ./ title " )
self.last_updated = elem.findtext ( " ./ pubDate " )
def __eq__( self , other ) :
return
True if self .
title == other .
title else False
def __init__ ( self , url ) :
self.url = url
self.entries = [ ]
def fetch ( self ) :
feed = urllib.urlopen(self.url ).read ( )
tree = ElementTree.fromstring ( feed )
self.entries = [ Feed. Entry(e ) for e in tree.findall ( " .//item " ) ]
def has_recent_post( self ) :
old = self.entries [ :1 ]
self.fetch ()
return old != self.entries [ :1 ]
# High - level functionality
feed = Feed ( " http://feeds.feedburner.com/37signals/beMH
" )
while True :
if feed.has_recent_post ( ) :
print feed.entries [ 0 ] .title , feed.entries[0].last_updated
time.sleep (5 * 60 )
Why is this better ?
independently
Writing this procedure was straightforward .
I simply listed the steps needed to get the desired result .
I did n't spend a lot of time analyzing my problem .
First , I have to think about the task at hand .
Analysis is important .
You cannot have a good OO program without understand your problem space well .
For example , I have to identify what concepts of the problem domain I will model as objects .
Then I will define the relations between objects and what operations will be possible on them .
Finally , I have to express the program as a combination of the building blocks I defined earlier .
You know instantly what the program does by looking at the high - level functionality .
That 's because I was able to match my program to the problem definition by defining the right constructs .
The OO approach forces you to create black boxes .
A black box is an abstract element that you can use through it 's input and output without having to know it 's implementation .
Engineers use them everyday .
Black boxes reduce complexity dramatically .
It 's easy to reason about them .
First , each has an isolated and simple function .
Second , the interactions between black boxes are explicit .
They also reduce complexity by restricting the number of possible interactions .
And since a black box can be made of other black boxes , they can organize your program into neat and coherent layers .
Black box designs are easier to understand .
You can even choose to know only the boxes and layers of boxes that matter to you .
You cannot do the same with a procedural program because nothing is isolated into a component that you can understand .
You always have to understand how everything interacts .
The OO program is easier to extend because it has well defined extension points .
New functionality can be added by adding methods to the class .
And it can be used by using the method from the main program .
Lastly , having high - level components allows you to perform high - level operations like late binding and reflection .
This is the source of OOP 's real power and prowess .
It is a very wide and interesting topic so I wo n't cover that here .
The poisoned chalice of trying to pretend to be seen to be " consulting " the public , about the labour government 's wretched Identity cards and centralised biometric database , the National Identity Register , has currently been palmed off onto the most junior Minister at the Home Office .
the hapless Meg Hillier MP , the Parliamentary Under - Secretary ( Identity ) ..
She is currently touring the country , at a series of not exactly secret , but certainly deliberately unpublicised meetings , with invited audiences , with notifications to the local media and invitations only being sent out less than a week beforehand .
This " consultation " appears to be a vain hope that somebody , anybody , will think of a way to " sell " the alleged benefits of ID cards to " young people " or indeed , to any substantial groups of people at all .
Note that despite the tens of millions of pounds which the Home Office has spent on external consultants and the best efforts of their own civil service staff , and the fabulous political skills of their NuLabour political special advisors , they have had no success in doing this so far , and seem to be flapping about aimlessly .
The meetings are deliberately being publicised only a few days in advance to the local media , with invitations being sent out to the attendees , less than a week before .
The NO2ID Campaign or anybody else who might ask awkward questions , are deliberately refused admission to these meetings .
Yesterday , the Edinburgh " consultation " meeting was held at a local hotel , and , nine NO2ID supporters were arrested and charged , despite their protest being peaceful and lawful .
The Questions which some people did manage to ask at the meeting , were not answered , except with newspeak slogans .
Read Geraint Bevan 's first hand description of the events - it would be a comical farce , if it was not actually so serious .
The fact that this peaceful demonstration , at a low attendance meeting behind closed doors , was filmed by the local STV television news crew , seems to have foiled the Home Office 's attempt to suppress publicity and reporting .
You can see a flash video clip of the STV report on their website , but the sound track is mangled .
Meg Hillier seemed to be repeating the Labour cult mantras and blatant lies , that somehow their particular scheme would be cost effective against terrorism , illegal immigration or , online fraud ( unlike ID Cards in other countries , there are no Digital Certificates which could be used to authenticate online e-commerce or banking etc. transactions over the world wide web ) .
Incredibly , after all these years , the Government still has not dared to publish a detailed business case of what exactly their scheme will achieve , how it will work and how much it will cost every else ( including other Government departments and the public ) apart from vague cost figures just for the Home Office itself .
We urge the Borders and Lothian Police and the Procurator Fiscal to drop these charges against the nine NO2ID Campaign supporters . , and to purge the centralised database records of the personal details which have been taken from them as a result of the political arrests .
UPDATE : see also blogger James Hammerton 's The NO2ID Nine account of his arrest on a " ridiculous jumped up charge " and for links to the media coverage .
Download Download
Only on Fox & Friends .
This morning they did a segment on the English language and that there are a lot of words that many people find difficult to spell correctly .
I stopped on monkey .
I 'm including video to complement the comedic irony .
Steve Doocy says that another word many find difficult to spell is the word soldier , because the " i " throws people off .
The former beauty queen then pipes up and says -- " Well , the D .
There 's no D in it . "
She follows that up by asking if they even make " hardcore " dictionaries anymore .
Be sure to hang on ( if you can make it ) for the finale as Doocy decries :
" So many people are trying to dumb down America and the world !
Just leave it the way it is !
Study your books , people ! "
Teh stupid ... it hurts ....
This is just screaming for a " Write Your Own Caption "
We followed the pipes up to a sunlit , metal - clad building where the water , now dosed with an antiscalant and sulfuric acid to lower its pH , was forced at high pressure through hundreds of white tubes filled with tightly spiraled sheets of plastic membranes .
Reverse osmosis , Wildermuth says , stops cold almost all nonwater molecules ( things like salts , viruses and pharmaceuticals ) .
The stuff that ’s removed is washed back to a pipe that discharges into the ocean .
The filtered water , now known as permeate , moves one building over , where it ’s spiked with hydrogen peroxide , a disinfectant , and then circulated past 144 lamps emitting ultraviolet light .
“ Destruction of compounds through photolysis , ” Wildermuth said , nodding .
Anything that ’s alive in this water can no longer reproduce .
Strolling back through the campus , Wildermuth took me to a three - part demonstration sink with faucets streaming .
The basin on the right contained reverse - osmosis backwash : it was molasses black , topped with a rainbow slick of oil .
“ Do n’t touch , ” Wildermuth warned as I leaned in for a better look at the ocean - bound rejectamenta .
The middle basin contained the chamomile water from microfiltration .
And on the left was the stuff Orange County would eventually drink .
It was clear and had no smell .
But even this suctioned , sieved and irradiated water was n’t quite set for sipping ; it still needed to be decarbonized and dosed with lime , to raise its pH .
Finally it would enter a massive purple pipe , which dives into the ground inside a nearby pump house and reappears 13 miles to the north , in Anaheim .
There , the water would pour into Kraemer Basin , a man -made reservoir , where it would mix with the lake water and filter for six months through layers of sand and gravel hundreds of feet deep before utilities throughout the county pumped it into taps .
The reservoir is a prosaic ending for a substance that ’s been through the glitziest of technological wringers , transformed from sewage to drinking water only to be humbly redeposited into the earth .
This final filtering step is n’t necessary , strictly speaking , but our psyches seem to demand it .
To understand the basics of contemporary water infrastructure is to acknowledge that most American tap water has had some contact with treated sewage .
Our wastewater - treatment plants discharge into streams that feed rivers from which other cities suck water for drinking .
By the time New Orleans residents drink the Mississippi , the water has been in and out of more than a dozen cities ; more than 200 communities , including Las Vegas , discharge treated wastewater into the Colorado River .
That ’s the good news .
After heavy rains , many cities discharge untreated sewage directly into waterways  more than 860 billion gallons of it a year , according to the Environmental Protection Agency .
However  and this is where we can take solace  the sewage is massively diluted , time and sunlight help to break down its components and drinking - water plants filter and disinfect the water before it reaches our taps .
The E.P.A. requires utilities to monitor pathogens , and there has n’t been a major waterborne - disease outbreak in this country since 1993 .
( Though there have been 85 smaller outbreaks between 2001 and 2006 . )
So confident are engineers of so - called advanced treatment technologies that several communities have been discharging highly treated wastewater directly into reservoirs for years .
Singapore mixes 1 percent treated wastewater with 99 percent fresh water in its reservoirs .
( In Orange County , the final product will contain 17 percent recycled water . )
Residents of Windhoek , Namibia , one of the driest places on earth , drink 100 percent treated wastewater .
For 30 years , the Upper Occoquan Sewage Authority , in Virginia , has been mixing recycled wastewater with fresh water in a reservoir and serving it to more than a million people .
Still , no system produces as much recycled water as Orange County ( currently 70 million gallons a day , going up to 85 million by 2011 ) , and none inserts as many physical and chemical barriers between toilet and tap .
Environmentalists , river advocates and California surfers  the sort of people who harbor few illusions about the purity of our rivers and oceans  generally favor water recycling .
It beats importing water on both economic and environmental grounds ( about a fifth of California ’s energy is used to move water from north to south ) .
“ The days are over when we can consider wastewater a liability , ” says Peter Gleick , president of the Pacific Institute , an environmental research group in Oakland .
“ It ’s an asset .
And that means figuring out how best to use it . ”
See the fattest parts of England , Scotland and Wales
Enlarge Map
Shetland and parts of Wales and northern England are Britain 's obesity hotspots , according to a map of obesity rates compiled from GP records .
Almost one in four adults is obese and the rates are rising , according to official government figures .
The map , by analysts Dr Foster , is not a definitive measure of obesity , but reflects the fact that GPs are asked to record obesity only in new patients .
Shetland tops the list , followed by Torfaen , Blaenau Gwent and Neath .
The Dr Foster figures , which are broken down to a local health body level , are much lower , but that reflects the fact that GPs are only asked to record obesity in new patients .
The Shetland Islands has the worst rates with 15.5 % of patients classed as obese .
Worst Five places in Wales feature in the top six worst areas , with Barnsley in seventh place .
Dr Foster , which received funding from pharmaceutical firm Roche , the manufacturer of an obesity drug , to do the research , acknowledged not everyone was being picked up by the GP data .
OBESITY HOTSPOTS Shetland - 15.5 % Torfaen - 13.9 % Blaenau Gwent - 12.5 % Neath - 11.9 % Caerphilly - 11.1 % Rhondda - 11.1 Barnsley - 10.8 % Wrexham - 10.8 % But Alex
Young , senior project manager at Dr Foster , still said it was showing some unexpected results .
" We need to wait a few more years before we can say definitely that things are getting worse but there does seem to be a growing problem in some areas .
" We are seeing parts of the outlying regions being affected rather than just urban areas . "
He pointed to areas outside the major cities such as Newport , Plymouth and Stockport which all had obesity rates above 7 % .
The study also highlighted the health benefits of weight loss , saying a reduction of between 5 % to 10 % of body weight leads to a halving of the risk of diabetes and obesity - related cancer deaths .
But Dr Ian Campbell , medical director of Weight Concern , said the figures should not be seen as a definitive picture of obesity around Britain .
" What they show is the areas where GPs are picking this up and taking it most seriously . "
And health chiefs on Shetland dismissed the research as " misleading and simplistic " .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Writer who shone light on gulag dies
Associated Press
August 4 , 2008
ALEXANDER Solzhenitsyn , the Nobel Prize - winning author whose books chronicled the horrors of the Soviet gulag system , has died at 89 .
Solzhenitsyn as gulag prisoner .
Son Stepan said his father died of heart failure .
Solzhenitsyn ’s unflinching accounts of torment and survival in the Soviet Union ’s slave labour camps riveted his countrymen , whose secret history he exposed .
It earned him 20 years of bitter exile but international renown , and inspired millions .
Beginning with the 1962 short novel One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich , about a carpenter struggling to survive a Soviet labour camp , Solzhenitsyn described the human “ meat grinder ” that had caught him and millions of other Soviet citizens : capricious arrests , often for trifling and absurd reasons , followed by slave labour camps where cold , starvation and punishing work crushed inmates physically and spiritually .
Read article
The simple step of a courageous individual is not to take part in the lie .
One word of truth outweighs the world .
In our country , the lie has become not just a moral category but a pillar of the State .
– Alexander Solzhenitsyn
Literary giant ’s monumental legacy
Michael Ulman
The Australian
August 4 , 2008
ALEXANDER Solzhenitsyn believed he was a prophet .
He had no doubt that every word he wrote had enormous significance .
When he was nominated for the Nobel Prize for Literature , he was certain that the Swedish Academy would choose him above the other nominees .
His death serves to remind us that Solzhenitsyn is unique , a giant of Russian and , indeed , world literature .
I first heard of him in 1961 , nearly one year before his first publication .
Viktor Nekrasov , one of the Russian liberal intelligentsia ’s favourite authors , told me that someone in the office of the Soviet literary journal New World had showed him , in great secrecy , a manuscript written by a former political prisoner .
It was a story about a day in the life of a prisoner in one of Joseph Stalin ’s labour camps .
Nekrasov kept repeating that it was a masterpiece of such quality that it made it hard to see the point of writing anything else .
Read article
Hastiness and superficiality are the psychic diseases of the twentieth century , and more than anywhere else this disease is reflected in the press .
A state of war only serves as an excuse for domestic tyranny .
Alexander Solzhenitsyn , Communism ’s deadliest foe
Marcus Warren
Telegraph
August 4 , 2008
Alexander Solzhenitsyn did more to demolish the moral and intellectual case for Communism than any of its critics , writer or statesman , poet or legislator of the world , acknowledged or not .
Russia Today news report .
Of course , the tyrants and grey bureaucrats who actually tried to turn Marxism into a working polity contributed as much if not even more to the destruction of the system they ruled over .
But those figures who are usually proclaimed winners of the Cold War , Ronald Reagan and Baroness
Thatcher among them , built their victory on the foundations of his life story and testimony from the Gulag .
He transformed a then obscure acronym ( standing for “ Chief Administration of Corrective Labour Camps and Colonies ” ) into a one - word symbol of Soviet brutality which resonated across the world , not least in his own country .
Read article
The next war … may well bury Western civilization forever .
And how we burned in the camps later , thinking :
What would things have been like if every Security operative , when he went out at night to make an arrest , had been uncertain whether he would return alive and had to say goodbye to his family ?
Or if , during periods of mass arrests , as for example in Leningrad , when they arrested a quarter of the entire city , people had not simply sat there in their lairs , paling in terror at every bang of the downstairs door and at every step on the staircase , but had understood they had nothing left to lose and had boldly set up in the downstairs hall an ambush of half a dozen people with axes , hammers , pokers , or whatever else was at hand .
The Organs would very quickly have suffered a shortage of officers and transport and , notwithstanding all of Stalin ’s thirst ; the cursed machine would have ground to a halt !
– Alexander Solzhenitsyn
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
If you 're anything like us , just about everyone in your family has called you up this week to ask if you think they should get the iPhone 3G ; it really does n't help matters that there 's just an absurd amount of ( mis ) information floating around about it right now , too .
So this one 's for you and your fam -- we 're dishing out the straight dope on iPhone 3G , a to z , so feel free to pass it on .
So , what 's with the new iPhone 3G ?
Well , it 's pretty much the same iPhone as before -- except now it 's down to $ 200 , and has way faster 3G data , A - GPS ( which is even better than regular GPS ) , as well as a flush headphone jack ( which is great for anyone who does n't want to use Apple 's bundled headphones ) .
Oh , and it's also a little thinner around the edges , and a little thicker at the center .
If you want to know what it was like to try out , check out our iPhone 3G hands - on .
How'd they get the price so low ?
The iPhone used to be crazy expensive .
Actually , depending on how you do the math it 's not actually cheaper .
Now , in some countries the iPhone is free when you sign up for service , and in the US you 'll pay $ 200 for the 8GB model -- half what it was a month ago -- so you 're definitely paying less up front .
But the data plans cost more now , so you might wind up spending more money over the long run .
Um , ok .
Look , gadgets only get cheaper as time goes on , and Apple 's sold enough iPhones to continue to lower their cost to manufacture each unit .
But more importantly , Apple 's re-arranged its business deals to get carrier subsidies .
Basically , what that means for Apple is they 've decided to stop asking their carrier - partners for a cut of your monthly service fees .
In exchange , the carriers have agreed to pay a significant chunk of the cost of your new iPhone 3G in order to get you to sign up .
So everybody supposedly wins :
Apple sells more devices and still makes good money , AT&T gets more subscribers , and you get a cheaper iPhone .
But there is a financial toll to this : AT&T estimates that helping you pay for your new iPhone will actually cost them $ 600 million through 2010 .
But clearly the numbers indicate that the short term cost will be worth it for them the long run .
Does that mean
Apple does n't make as much money per phone ?
For all we know Apple might actually be making more money per phone now .
With the original iPhone 3G , you paid " full price " for an iPhone -- $ 600 at its high point .
Now you 'll be paying no more than $ 200 ( and as little as nothing in some countries ) for the 8GB model , so we do n't really know exactly how much of Apple 's price the carriers are knocking off .
We think it 's fair to assume it'd still be in the $ 400 - 450 retail range , though , if it was n't subsidied .
Which it is .
What 's up with the data and SMS pricing ?
Well , Apple will be in 70 countries ( and counting ) this year , so you 'll get different plans from region to region .
But in the US , users will have to sign up for a minute plan that includes an extra $ 30 rate for 3G data access ( and has no bundled text messages ) .
This is $ 10 more than the original iPhone 's rate plan , which was $ 20 for data and 200 included SMSs .
Matching voice plans start at $ 40 per month , so you 'll basically be able to get started at $ 70 per month .
( We 've also got a bit more on AT&T 's new plans here . )
I heard you can't activate the iPhone at home anymore , is that true ?
This is still a little fuzzy .
Here 's the deal : with the first iPhone , Apple used to let you buy it in the store and take it home to activate .
This process is unlike almost every other phone on the market , but since it 's Apple , and because you were paying full price for the device , if you never activated it with AT&T or just unlocked it and sent it to your friend in China or whatever , it was n't a big deal .
Apple made their money on the device , and AT&T did n't lose anything .
But since now AT&T is basically picking up a huge portion of the cost of your iPhone 3G , they want to make damn sure you are n't going to unlock it or send it to a friend .
From what we 've heard , you 'll likely have to start the activation process in - store ( so Apple and AT&T knows exactly who 's buying the device ) , and then you might be able to finish it off at home .
It 's definitely not ideal , but it 's the only way they can prevent people from basically walking away with a few hundred dollars of AT&T 's money .
And at the end of the day , it probably wo n't be WORSE than buying any other kind of phone though -- anyone who 's bought a phone from a US carrier in the last 10 years will be well acquainted with the process .
I heard you have to turn over your iPhone when you upgrade , is that true ?
Naw , you bought it , it 's yours to hang on to .
But if you bought one within Apple 's grace period , they 'll let you upgrade it free .
( More on that below . )
But if you bought an original iPhone early on -- which means half of your two year contract is about up -- know that when you buy an iPhone 3G you 'll be re-upping that two year contract from date of purchase .
So if you buy an iPhone 3G on day one , your new contract will expire on July 11th , 2010 .
So if I bought an original iPhone , I can trade it in for an iPhone 3G ?
Yes , but only if you bought it AFTER May 27th , 2008 .
Anyone who bought theirs before that has to live with their purchase -- not that anyone can stop you from showing up to your local Apple store and raising a ruckus .
Can I continue using my original iPhone ?
Will they still update it ?
Yes , and yes !
Although the first gen iPhone is officially no longer being made , not even Apple would be so bold as to deactivate the 6 m iPhones already out there .
They intend to release their big 2.0 software release for iPhones and iPods touch on or around July 11th , which will be the same software running on the iPhone 3G .
What if I decide I do n't like the iPhone 3G ?
Apple and AT&T offer a 30 - day money back guarantee ( just in case you do n't get coverage in the places you most often frequent ) .
After that you pay a $ 175 early termination fee ( ETF ) , which goes down each month over the course of your 24 month contract .
Is faster 802.11n WiFi supported ?
Nope , it 's still just 802.11b/ g.
Seriously though , you 're a fringe case if you need more than 54 M bps to your cellphone .
Can I use voice and data at the same time ?
Yes and no : unlike the original iPhone -- which did not support EDGE class A , and sent calls to voicemail while you were browsing the web -- the UMTS / HSDPA - based iPhone 3G should be able to handle data and calls at the same time when in 3G mode .
So that means if you get coverage , you 'll be fine .
But if you 're in a spot where there 's only EDGE service , you likely wo n't be able to do voice and data at the same time .
I heard rumors that this thing can get up to 40 M bps over 3G , is that true ?
Right now AT&T 's HSDPA network is supposedly capped out at 1.4 M bps for phones , but we hear the iPhone is rated for HSDPA 3.6 ( 3.6 Mbps ) , and AT&T claims its network speeds will go even faster than that by next year .
What did they mean by " greatly improved " audio quality ?
Well , we heard about it two ways :
Apple claims they 've both improved the audio circuitry and quality of the signal to your headphones , but also cleaned up the in - call sound quality .
We have n't tested this at length though , so we 'll let you know if that 's the case once it launches .
Can I use the iPhone on any carrier ?
It 's not unlocked , so no , you can't .
While we 're sure that iPhone hackers will figure out a way to unlock it for the betterment of all mankind , you 're pretty much expected to use it with your designated domestic carrier , and pay the usual exorbitant roaming fees when you leave the country .
I hear that even though it has GPS I can't use it as a nav unit , what 's up with that ?
According to the SDK agreement , it looks like Apple does n't want you using your iPhone to replace your Garmin .
But it should still technically be feasible , and they demoed their Google Maps app doing geo-caching , so it 's really a matter of intended use .
Apple , apparently , does n't want the device to be used that way -- but at the end of the day it may just be a contract mishap .
We 'll know soon !
Why does n't it do video / MMS / A2DP / scrub my callouses / pick up my dry cleaning ?
Clearly Apple has the technological prowess to make ( most of ) that stuff happen , but for whatever reason they 've chosen not to support it .
Maybe it 's because of battery life issues , maybe it 's because Steve just did n't see the need .
Either way , it 's a philosophical decision for them , so they may never change it .
Bummer , right ?
So what the hell do I do with my old iPhone ?
The funny thing about a $ 200 3G iPhone is that it makes it pretty difficult to sell your original iPhone .
Unless you know someone who does n't need the 3G , we 'd suggest keeping it as a backup , or even jailbreaking and unlocking for use when traveling overseas ( in places have GSM networks ) .
If you do try to sell or give away your old phone , do yourself a favor and read about how you can completely erase it .
Just hitting the format iPhone button wo n't actually remove all your data , and you really do n't want your private conversations and passwords to be recovered by someone else , do you ?
All that 's well and good , but I have a question you did n't answer .
42 . Just kidding .
Leave it in the comments below !
If it 's a good one ( and something we have or can get the answer to ) we 'll add it in !
I ’ve been observing an unusual programmer friend of mine for some time now .
( Yeah … a “ friend ” , that ’s it ….)
He has such a strange combination of potential and incompetence that its hard to tell if he is just lazy or if he has a “ light ” form of autism or some other disorder .
I try to avoid “ easy ” pop-psychology terms when discussing him , but try to be as specific as possible when listing his qualities :
* Inability to absorb too many details verbally .
Extreme learn - by - doing and learn - by - example learning style .
If in a class situation , tends to need to engage somehow by asking questions and relating material back to other experiences– seen as disruptive by “ normal ” people .
If asked to work on something concurrently with the lecture , will focus so much on the task at hand that he wo n’t catch additional instructions that were not presented in the main– and he ’ll often ask the exact question that the teacher just answered .
* Inability to multi-task .
If you tell him to do three things , he ’ll do one really well , misinterpret what you meant by the second , and completely forget about the third .
If you need a quick favor , your best bet is to tell him you really need it and then stand right there until it ’s done for the three minutes or so that it takes .
( Think Butterbur from Lord of the Rings : “ One thing drives out another ! ” )
Tends to have a “ tell me what to do , but do n’t tell me how ” attitude .
His theme song is “ I Did it My Way . ”
He hates phones and prefers emails .
* Inability to manage or even to “ see ” certain classes of “ mundane ” details .
( Knowing what to eat from the fridge and when ; strong aversion to balancing a checkbook or going through a stack of bills .
When cleaning the kitchen , only certain zones get attention ; practically unable to get every last dirty dish to the sink– sorta need someone to help by putting the dirty dishes in the sink so they ’re all identified . )
* Inability to organize .
( Cleaning method : put everything that does n’t have an obvious place into one or more miscellaneous boxes .
Once a year throw out most of the boxes when the contents are “ stale ” enough .
Paperwork management technique : accrue random papers .
Act on the most urgent and throw them away .
Periodically clean off desk by boxing up the remaining papers and throwing them all away when they get sufficiently “ stale ” . )
* Capable of working through entire books of information ; does especially well with brief descriptions / examples followed by exercises .
Capable of working for extended periods of time .
Capable of relating the information to other experiences / activities in creative ways .
A strong “ visionary ” streak .
Good in brainstorming sessions .
A strong focus on the implications of new ideas / frameworks / strategies .
Can do a great deal on his own , but will often miss key techniques due to his “ detail blindness ” and lack of thoroughness – he relies on common sense , inspiration , and brute force in order to keep up with “ normal people . ”
* Capable of coming up with pretty good project ideas on his own , but does not take on projects for the purposes of finishing them– he ’s mainly interested in projects as a means of mastering a skill or proving a point .
Worried about “ being ready ” for a time when the skill / idea will be needed in a “ real ” situation .
Very lazy in the mathematical / programmer sense– will spend incredible amounts of time to get something “ right ” so that “ work will be saved later ” .
There ’s generally not a net gain in time saved , but if a set of details is dealt with well enough , they no longer have to be bothered with– freeing up a great deal of mental capacity for this person !
* While he ca n’t absorb details verbally , he has an unusual degree of empathy .
He can view things from other peoples perspectives somehow unlike the usual “ arrogant programmer geek . ”
He also has a sense of timing , flow , balance … some sort of artistic flair that shows up occasionally .
Stereotypical “ top notch ” analytical problem solvers tend to lack these qualities .
* Faults tend not to show up terribly badly unless he ’s put in a situation where his weaknesses are key to the task at hand .
In order to excel in one sphere , he will often sacrifice another– it ’s as if there ’s only so much “ detail ” stress / worry his brain can handle and it just shuts down after a certain point .
Faults become obvious when there ceases to be a reserve he can “ steal ” from in order to fuel his efforts in other areas .
The structure of school covered up his problems for many years – his worst failures were viewed as “ slacker ” laziness .
The fact that most classes were over in a few months meant he could just move on before things could come to a serious crisis .
It ’s only in long term situations where his personality really starts to have obvious detrimental effects on things .
* If he can team up with a solid detail oriented checklist / calendar type person , he can be an awesome supplement to a team or company .
This does n’t always pan out due to personalities and politics , but when “ the stars are aligned ” things can really hum .
Is this guy sick ?
Looking at it myself , I tend to think “ irresponsible . ”
At the same time , it seems to take him enormous amounts of willpower to do ordinary things .
Should he content himself to finding a niche where his problems are n’t as relevant , or should he try to fix this ?
Are there drugs to fix this , or is he just naturally a square peg in a round hole that walks to the beat of a different drummer , etc etc ?
Will fixing this sacrifice his creativity ?
Do you know of any other programmers like this and what they did to cope with their weirdness ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Other Web - based organizations that report on the child - abuse - disguised - as - therapy industry
ANTIWWASP.COM Community Alliance for the Fair and Ethical Treatment of Youth
CAFETY.ORG
Coalition Against Institutionalized Child Abuse , Inc .
CAICA.ORG
If you are the owner of a site that belongs on the above list , or know of one , please advise riak@nospank.net
Video prompts investigation of child abuse at youth boot camp ,
New York Daily News , By The Associated Press , October 29 , 2011
Horror Stories From Tough - Love Teen Homes , Girls locked up inside fundamentalist religious compounds .
Kandahar ?
No , Missouri , By Kathryn Joyce , motherjones.com , July / August 2011 , Issue 167
Family of boy strangled at Tenn. center settles suit for $ 10.5 million
By Troy Graham , Inquirer Staff Writer , Philadelphia Inquirer , February 12 , 2010
Omega Leach was 17 when he was strangled in 2007
Boot Camp Hearings : Greg Kutz , Managing Director , Forensic Audits and Special Investigations , Govt .
Accountability Office testifies to the Committee on Education and Labor about death and child abuse in " residential treatment " programs .
Video A and Video B
Abuse in Juvenile Detention Rampant , Says Expert , By Mary Silver , Epoch Times Staff , January 29 , 2010
Teachers who Bully Students : Patterns and Policy Implications , By Alan McEvoy , Ph.D. , Wittenberg University , 2005
109 Years of Child Abuse at the Florida School for Boys
Now Known as the Arthur G. Dozier School for Boys , A Special Report to The Saint Petersburg Times , April 19 , 2009
An Oregon School for Troubled Teens Is Under Scrutiny , Time , By Maia Szalavitz , April 17 , 2009
Hell Behind the Fences
Journalist and youth rights advocate Maia Szalavitz reponds to questions from Josh Gordon in a 2013 interview .
House Passes Legislation to Stop Child Abuse in Teen Boot Camps and other Residential Programs , Maia Szalavitz , The Huffington Post , June 25 , 2008
Led Zeppelin ‘s recent , and possibly only , massive reunion gig that took place last December at the O2 Arena , might get on DVD .
Speaking in the upcoming May issue of Uncut , the band ’s guitarist Jimmy Page admitted that they had a crew that filmed the December 10 show , but confessed there was n’t any intention whatsoever to convert the footage into a live DVD .
“ It was recorded , but we did n’t go in with the express purpose of making a DVD , ” he said .
“ We have n’t seen the images or investigated the multi-tracks .
It ’s feasible that it might come out at some distant point , but it ’ll be a massive job to embark on . ”
Will it ever come out on DVD ?
Heck yeah , I can bet my left nut on it , but I ’m also certain it will take a while before it gets out .
It would be a crime not to ( for my left nut ’s sake anyway ) and if the band never goes on tour ever again , it will inevitable come out .
Plus they ’ll make a killing …
This site is not available in your region
It appears that you are trying to access our website from a location in the European Union , which enforces the General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ) .
Unfortunately , because of this regulation we cannot provide access at this time .
We appreciate your understanding .
Escalating costs of new build : what does it mean ?
22 August 2008 22 August 2008
There is now a huge range of numbers in the public domain about the costs of new nuclear build .
It has become clear that estimates produced by vendors a few years ago of below $ 2000 / kWe on an overnight basis ( ie without interest costs ) were wide of the mark , at least for initial units in a market such as the USA .
It is also clear that such estimates were presented on a very narrow basis , ignoring important cosy categories such as necessary investment in local power grids , while costs have recently been spiralling upwards , owing to a variety of important influences .
Recent public filings and announcements suggest that there is now a ‘ sticker shock ’ in US new build , with cost estimates now commonly in the $ 3000 - 7000 / kWe installed range , depending on what is being included .
Progress Energy ’s estimates for its new planned AP1000 units in Florida were particularly startling – a price tag of $ 14 billion plus another $ 3 billion for necessary transmission upgrades .
Indeed , it would be fair to credit Moody ’s Investors Service for being ‘ ahead of the game ’ on assessing this , as in October 2007 they produced a report entitled New Nuclear Generation in the United States : Keeping Options Open vs Addressing An Inevitable Necessity , which estimated the all - in costs of a nuclear plant to be between $ 5000 and $ 6000 / kWe .
The report did however provide a note of caution , stating : “ While we acknowledge that our estimate is only marginally better than a guess ; it is a more conservative estimate than current market estimates . ”
Explaining the shortcomings of cost estimates in more detail , the report stated : “ All - in fact - based assessments require some basis for an overnight capital cost estimate , and the shortcomings of simply asserting that capital costs could be ‘ significantly higher than $ 3500 / kWe ’ should be supported by some analysis . ”
What is clear is that it is completely impossible to produce definitive estimates for new nuclear costs at this time .
The fact that the USA and other leading nuclear nations have not been building plants for some time , and also that most current reactor designs have not yet been built to completion , suggests there is considerable uncertainty with respect to the capital cost of new nuclear and other generating technologies .
Companies may decide not to proceed with financing and construction unless they have satisfied themselves ( and , where necessary , their boards and regulators ) that the investment is justified and that the plant can produce electricity and recover costs at a price that will not be overly burdensome to consumers .
Clearly some of today ’s increased cost estimates can be attributed to including more things than before – but to what extent have costs risen owing to the lack of skilled workers , supply bottlenecks for imported heavy components , significant increases in key commodity prices and , in the case of the USA , perhaps the devaluation of the dollar against other leading currencies ?
Rising commodity prices seem to have taken a lot of the blame for the increased cost estimates , but this seems rather unfair .
Steel , cement , copper and other important components have indeed risen rapidly in price , but these only account for a small proportion of the costs of a modern nuclear power plant , perhaps less than 5 % of the total .
What really matters is the competence and capability of the manufacturers and vendors in the supply chain , where there is huge value added .
Take , for example , the ultra - heavy forgings needed to make reactor pressure vessels .
Japan Steel Works ( JSW ) has an effective monopoly on this business , at least for now .
The raw steel for these may cost only $ 1 million , but the price of the completed forging , sitting at the heart of the reactor , may well be $ 100 million and above .
Pinch points in the current supply chain are having an obvious influence on costs .
The number of suppliers in many key areas is now rather small and few have surplus capacity , hence prices will be marked upwards .
Only a good run of reactor orders will likely change this position , as companies invest in new facilities to mop up demand .
Turbine equipment makers are also very busy , with strong global demand for new power stations of all kinds .
The International Energy Agency ( IEA ) has estimated that the power generation sector will require some $ 10 trillion of investment worldwide in the period to 2030 .
This is a huge sum and vendors will be able to extract premium prices until demand slackens .
Labour cost estimates for new nuclear build are also rising sharply – not so much to do with wage inflation as higher estimates of the hours of labour input needed to complete a plant .
It is reasonable to assume that new reactors in the USA will likely take longer to build than the most recent Japanese reactors , which have been as low as 40 months , given the lack of recent build experience .
The delays at both EPR projects in Finland and France also suggest that caution is needed in this area .
In time , it should prove possible to control some of these costs , through a combination of skill and luck .
The global economy may cool , cutting demand , and causing the commodity price increase to reverse , while production capacities of those in the supply chain will likely increase , stimulating price competition .
The skill will lie in designing for using less materials and labour input .
“ Vendors will be able to extract premium prices until demand slackens ”
The key questions are : do the increases matter and , if so , how can they be handled in a way that still allows new build to proceed ?
On the first of these , it is pointed out that rival generating plant options have similarly been subject to similar cost escalation , hence nuclear ’s competitive position may not have deteriorated so much .
Indeed , with the increase in world oil and gas prices , nuclear competitiveness on the operating cost side has received a significant further boost .
This is very well , but the magnitude of the capital cost estimates ( and moreover the risks and uncertainties ) are certainly material in the context of US power companies .
The integrated European operators like EDF , RWE , E.ON , Iberdrola and Suez , with strong balance sheets and supply outlets for power generated , are arguably in a far stronger position to pay such high capital costs in the UK market than Exelon , Entergy , Constellation , Duke and the others in the USA .
A twin unit station costing $ 15 billion or so , will strain their balance sheets , also representing a significant share of company market capitalisation .
Companies that build new nuclear plants will see marked increases in their business and operating risks because of the size and complexity of these projects , the extended time they take to build , and their uncertain final cost and cost recoveries .
To the extent that a company develops a financing plan that overly relies on debt financing , which has an effect of reducing the consolidated key financial credit ratios , regardless of the regulatory support associated with current cost recovery mechanisms , there is a reasonably high likelihood that credit ratings will also decline .
So ‘ thinking caps ’ must now certainly go on amongst US boards of management – credit ratings are important and taking a punt on a new nuclear plant may not be the first priority of a CEO in his late 50s with a distinguished career behind him .
But , what is clear is that there is a huge need in many markets for incremental and replacement generating capacity – it is very important that for environmental and security of supply reasons , ways are found to make a large part of this nuclear .
Finding ways to share risks and also ways of lowering them is going to be the key to managing this situation .
Consortia of owners are one way to share the risks and we ’re likely to see this in both the US and UK markets for new build .
Allocating the risks amongst those parties best able to bear them is also going to be a key area , so project structuring amongst various possible models is an important area for discussion .
Vendors are going to have to take on some of the risks on the cost and scheduling certainties – perhaps not to the extent that Areva has done in the Finnish EPR project , but nevertheless offering more guarantees of performance than was the case in the past .
Governments will undoubtedly take on some of the burden in certain markets , such as the US administration is doing for initial units with loan guarantees , delay risk insurance and production tax credits .
The financial sector will also take on some risk now it is convinced that nuclear can be a satisfactory investment – it ’s respectable to support nuclear investment today and even the World Bank may eventually come around to supporting projects in developing countries .
One way to reduce risks is to make use of current known and understood technology .
China Guangdong Nuclear Power Corporation ’s preference for the CPR - 1000 reactor , derived from a 1980s Framatome design , in its immediate plans is quite notable .
It can achieve greater cost certainty and higher local content with this rather than Generation III alternatives such as the EPR and AP1000 .
Lowering risks was also a main consideration behind NRG Energy ’s decision to choose the ABWR design in its combined construction and operating licence ( COL ) application for the South Texas Project ( STP ) , which it has submitted to the US Nuclear Regulatory Commission ( NRC ) .
The ABWR is already certified by the NRC and with it having been built four times in Japan , the people that will build it know exactly how much concrete you need , how much steel and how many man hours it will take for the reactor construction .
Indeed , the industry in the USA seems very focused on the cost and project structuring issue – the general feeling is that it ’s now moved beyond licensing as the major challenge ( even though the first COL is some years away ) .
Risk is clearly a double - edged sword – whoever takes on some of the risk will charge more money for doing it , so companies will seek to assume risks they feel they can control .
In the case of reactor vendors , Areva may have some advantages as it is vertically integrated , with huge in - house manufacturing capability .
This may explain why it feels it can still be competitive in the US market with its EPR , despite its position behind alternatives in licensing .
Finally , the proof of the pudding has to be in the eating .
The ‘ sticker shock ’ has not prevented any company from filing its COL application in the USA , and upwards of 30 new reactors may eventually be on the cards .
The first engineering , procurement and construction ( EPC ) contracts have also been signed .
This does n’t necessarily mean that new reactors will definitely be built in the USA , but signs still point in a positive direction .
Author Info :
Steve Kidd is Director of Strategy & Research at the World Nuclear Association , where he has worked since 1995 ( when it was the Uranium Institute ) .
Any views expressed are not necessarily those of the World Nuclear Association and / or its members
Related Articles US GNEP programme dead , DOE confirms
Toyota Starlet
A general history of the Starlet
The small Toyota was beloved by many owners , but had ( for Toyota ) a relatively short lifespan in the United States , running from just 1981 to 1984 ; referred to as a microcar outside of the US , the Starlet was actually made starting in 1973 to 1999 , a typically long run .
The American version had rear wheel drive , a four - link rear suspension , and a MacPherson strut front suspension with plastic - lined front fenders to prevent rust .
The Starlet moved to front wheel drive in 1984 , but Americans were moved on to the Tercel .
Originally sold as the Publica 40 , the Starlet started out in 1973 with 1.0 and 1.2 liter engines , with two - door sedan and two - door wagon models ; a four - door sedan arrived late in 1973 .
Trim lines were standard , deluxe , Hi-Deluxe , ST , and SR .
The Starlet / Publica was rear wheel drive until 1984 .
1978 brought the “ 60 series ” ( KP60 ) , the model known to Americans .
The Starlet KP60 , still sold as a Publica in some areas , added a 1.3 liter four - cylinder to the original engine mix .
Buyers nearly everywhere could get two and four door hatchbacks , with some having a four - door wagon option .
Trim lines were cut back to Standard , DX , XL , S , and SE .
In 1980 , the grille was updated for the de rigeur square headlights affecting just about every car of the time , despite their higher cost and lower utility .
In 1981 - 82 American models , the 4K - C engine was used ; in 1983 - 84 , the similar 4K - E .
The electronic fuel injection system used starting in the 1980s increased both performance and fuel economy .
A microcomputer precisely controlled fuel flow and had diagnostic capabilities .
The first year for the Starlet in the United States was 1981 , when Road & Track called it the “ commuter car for the 1980s . ”
During its brief stay in the United States , the rear - wheel - drive , 1.3 - liter - engine Starlet liftback was billed as “ cheap to keep ” with stunning gas mileage ( 38/52 ) and strong reliability , especially for its price class ; it included electronic ignition , a five - speed stick - shift , rack and pinion steering , comfortable seats , and good cargo capacity ( 23 cubic feet with rear seats folded ) aided by a temporary spare ; steel belted radials were standard along with power disc brakes .
Its 1.3 liter engine helped it to get high mileage , while low weight kept it from being a “ dog . ”
Black urethane bumpers weathered well and were cheaper and lighter than chrome ; an aerodynamic roof lip kept rain from dripping on passengers as they got in , but presented little wind noise .
Front fender liners were used to prevent rust , and the rear window pushed out rather than rolling down to keep prices down .
Like most new cars in 1981 , the Starlet used an electric fan , then being phased into most companies ’ product lines ; it also used visible reservoirs for easy maintenance .
A slight spoiler on the trailing edge of the roof reduced wind resistance .
The interior of the Starlet had a high grade of standard equipment not normally associated with an economy car .
As of 1983 , Cloth seat inserts became standard in 1983 , and plush carpeting extended into the luggage / cargo area .
An AM / FM / MPX stereo radio or AM / FM with cassette were available .
The optional air conditioning system featured a unique dual stage selection that allowed the driver to tailor cooling needs to power requirements and the temperature outside the car .
When maximum air conditioning was not required , the driver could select the Economy setting , which operated the air conditioning compressor for a shorter period of time , providing the cooling required but using less engine power -- and gasoline .
Even in 1981 , the Starlet had reclining bucket seats , front and side defoggers , an optional rear wiper , a three - spoke steering wheel , trip odometer , tachometer , padded dash and sun visors , plush carpets , door armrests , fold - down rear seats , automatic locking rear seat belts , and an aluminum - trimmed gauge panel .
Starting in 1982 , standard interior features included tinted glass , an electric rear defogger , and a day / night rear - view mirror , then still unusual as a standard item on an inexpensive car ; and an optional all - weather package included new rear - seat heating ducts .
In 1983 , the American version of the Starlet increased its already high EPA city mileage ratings by more than 10 percent thanks to a restyled aerodynamic front end , fuel injection , and a new 4 - speed transmission ; its hatch was also lowered for easier cargo loading .
The new 4 - speed manual transmission was standard and provided improved torque and acceleration in second and third gears .
The Starlet earned an EPA estimated city mileage rating of 42 mpg and an estimated highway mileage rating of 54 mpg .
In 1984 , the Starlet ( now in its 70 series ) moved to front wheel drive , following the trend of the time , and allowing for greater interior room with less weight and better snow traction .
The line remained two and four door hatchbacks , with the wagon departing ; new 12 valve engines were used , the UK got a special 16 valve engine , and Japan got turbocharged engines ( Turbo R and Turbo S ) .
Some Starlet models thus moved up to supermini status .
( Exports were restricted to the carbed 1.0 and 1.3 engines ) .
A 1987 restyling affected only Japanese models .
The 80 series , brought out in 1990 , was , like the Tercel , more rounded , following styling of the time .
In Japan , new twin cam engines ( including one with a two - mode turbocharger ) kept the Starlet sporty , but export models used the 1E and 2E 1.0 and 1.3 liter engines , with the UK again getting its own 4EFE 16 - valve engine .
Canvas top and convertibles were offered in Japan , with a sports model boasting different interior and exterior trim .
In 1992 , Japanese models were finally fuel - injected , and minor trim changes were made ; for the first time , the canvas top model was sold in Germany and Hong Kong .
Another minor appearance upgrade was made in 1994 .
The Toyota Sera and Paseo were , according to some , based on the 80 series ( which presumably also shared with the Tercel ) .
The Sera used sporty sheet metal and gull - wing doors to differentiate itself ; never popular , it did not stay in production long .
The Paseo sold in larger numbers but also failed to attract enough of a following , and after an eight - year run it was shut down .
The final series was the Starlet 90 , brought out in 1996 , again as a hatchback only ; the 16 valve engine was now used in Japan and other marekts , and a diesel was offered for the first time .
The turbocharger continued , attached to the 16 valve engine .
Europeans were restricted to the 1.3 liter engine , without turbocharger .
In 1999 , the Starlet was discontinued and replaced by the brand new Echo ( sold outside the US as the Vitz , Platz , and Yaris ) , which shared some of its platform with the Prius .
Specifications : 1981 -1984 Toyota Starlet
US Spec 1981 - 82 1983-84 1981-1984 Wheelbase 90.6 Length 152.5 153.5 Width 60.0 Height 54.3 Weight 1,724 1,755 Tread F/ R 50.8 / 50.2 Front legroom 40.9 Rear legroom 29.1 Front headroom 37.3 Rear headroom 36.0 Gas mileage
( EPA city / hway ) 38/52 42/54 Bore x Stoke 2.95 x 2.87 Compression 9.5:1 Horsepower 58 @ 4200 Torque 67 @ 3,600 74 @ 3400 Engine type 1290 cc ( 1.3 liter ) OHV with electronic fuel injection Front Suspension MacPherson strut , integral stabilizer bar , offset coil springs Rear Suspension 4 - link axle on coil springs
1982 options : AM / FM / MPX stereo cassette or stereo ; air conditioning ; rear wiper / washer ; floor mats ; luggage rack ; door edge guards ; eight track or cassette stereo tape deck
1982 colors : white , silver , red , beige , yellow , blue ; vinyl accents , beige or black ( some exterior colors limited choice of interior colors ) .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russian air force planes dropped a 25 - kg ( 55 - lb ) sack of cement on a suburban Moscow home last week while seeding clouds to prevent rain from spoiling a holiday , Russian media said on Tuesday .
“ A pack of cement used in creating ... good weather in the capital region ... failed to pulverize completely at high altitude and fell on the roof of a house , making a hole about 80 - 100 cm ( 2.5 - 3 ft ) , ” police in Naro - Fominsk told agency RIA - Novosti .
Ahead of major public holidays the Russian Air Force often dispatches up to 12 cargo planes carrying loads of silver iodide , liquid nitrogen and cement powder to seed clouds above Moscow and empty the skies of moisture .
A spokesman for the Russian Air Force refused to comment .
June 12 was Russia Day , a patriotic holiday celebrating the country ’s independence after the break - up of the Soviet Union .
Weather specialists said the cement ’s failure to turn to powder was the first hiccup in 20 years .
The homeowner was not injured , but refused an offer of 50,000 roubles ( $ 2,100 ) from the air force , saying she would sue for damages and compensation for moral suffering , Interfax said .
" This single gene variation is potentially only one of many factors influencing such a complex trait as anxiety , " he said .
" Still , to identify the first candidates for genes associated with an anxiety - prone personality is a step in the right direction . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Three men arrested on weapons and drugs charges in the US state of Colorado were not involved in a credible plan to kill Barack Obama , officials have said .
US Attorney Troy Eid said investigators had found " insufficient evidence of any kind of plot or threat " among the men .
Mr Eid said the threat instead appeared to have been the product of the " racist rantings " of methamphetamine addicts .
Earlier , one of the suspects said his friends may have wanted to shoot Mr Obama at the Democratic convention .
The Illinois senator is set to be nominated as the party 's candidate for the US presidency at the gathering in Denver this week .
' True threat '
Speaking at a news conference in the city , Mr Eid said the three " meth heads " arrested on Sunday had not posed a " true threat " to Mr Obama because they simply would not have been capable .
The alleged threats , hateful and bigoted though they were , involved a group of Methamphetamine abusers , all of whom were impaired at the time
US Attorney Troy Eid " The alleged threats , hateful and bigoted though they were , involved a group of methamphetamine abusers , all of whom were impaired at the time , " he said .
" The evidence involving the alleged threats does not warrant federal charges now .
I must tell you though that the investigation is still ongoing and we are all keeping an open mind , " he added .
" From a legal standpoint , the law recognises a difference between what we call a ' true threat ' - that 's one that can actually be carried out - and the recorded racist rantings of drug abusers . "
The investigation into the alleged plot was triggered after police in the Denver suburb of Aurora stopped a rented truck that was swerving erratically in the early hours of Sunday .
Police said they had found two rifles , two wigs , camouflage clothing , a bullet - proof vest and two walkie - talkies in the truck .
They said they had also found three IDs in other people 's names , as well as methamphetamine .
Television interview
The first suspect , 28 - year - old Tharin Gartrell , was held on Sunday morning in Aurora after he was stopped by police for driving erratically in the truck .
Mr Obama is due to speak at Denver 's Invesco Field stadium on Thursday Mr Gartrell 's alleged associate , Nathan Johnson , 32 , was arrested shortly afterwards .
The third man was held after jumping from a sixth - floor hotel window .
Reports say Shawn Robert Adolf , 33 , broke his ankle and was taken to a hospital for treatment .
In a rambling interview in prison to CBS News , Mr Johnson first denied there had been any plot to kill Mr Obama .
But Mr Johnson , who admits to using the drug methamphetamine , then conceded that Mr Gartrell and Mr Adolf may have had such plans .
" They were here to do that ... to assassinate him [ Mr Obama ] , " Mr Johnson told CBS News .
He also said that Shawn Robert Adolf had said in the past that " he did n't believe a black should be a leader of this country " .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Editor ’s note : Our friends at Low Impact Living point out 10 ways you can save energy this summer .
This post was originally published on June 10th , 2008 .
The heat of summer is coming , and that means many of us are about to crank up the AC , make an extra batch of ice , and generally burn energy like it ’s our job .
But we need all need to continue to try to conserve as much energy as possible to conserve resources and slow the march of global warming .
And we get to save money at the same time –woo hoo to that !
Here are the ten things we can all do at home to cut our energy consumption .
We start out nice and easy , then ramp up to some extra-credit methods at the end of the list for you Climate Crusaders .
1. Resist the urge to live in a refrigerator .
78 degrees is plenty cool in the house .
Turn down the AC and get a programmable thermostat so you ’re only cooling the house when you really need to .
2 . Air dry your dishes and clothes .
The dryer and dish washer use a lot of energy – and the air does the drying job just as well .
See some great clothes - drying racks here .
3 . Take shorter showers and do not take baths .
Hot water heating is one of the major uses of energy in any home .
Showers are the way to go– and keep ’em short .
Baths use much more water and heat than do baths ( unless you ’re taking 30 minute showers ! ) .
4 . Make sure you have energy - efficient lighting throughout your home .
Everyone has heard about compact fluorescent lights by now– but are you up to date on LED lights ?
Light - emitting diodes ( LEDs ) have come a long way , baby , and they are often 10 times more efficient than compact fluorescents .
5 . Ditch the beer fridge .
It ’s amazing how many homes have two refrigerators .
Please do not use more than one fridge .
And if you have an old model , get a newer Energy Star model .
6 . Use ceiling fans rather than AC .
They are much more energy - efficient and you can get very reasonably priced Energy Star models .
7 . Get solar screens for your windows .
These screens cut 75 % of the heat coming through your windows , but do n’t impact your visibility .
They are really great energy savers .
See them here .
8 . Plant trees !
Placing deciduous trees on the South side of your home is a great way to block summer heat , but keep the sun shining on your home in the winter when you need the warmth .
9 . Spend one night each week in candlelight .
It ’s romantic , fun and inspires new conversation .
If you ’ve got kids , how about turning off the TV one night and playing a board game by candlelight ?
Clue would be particularly spooky !
10 .
Use a solar oven for some cooking .
They really work !
You do n’t want that hot oven on in your house anyway .
You can either buy a solar oven , or you can learn to make one yourself .
It ’s another fun summer activity to do with your kids .
** # 11 : For the truly hard core , here ’s a great tip I learned in Africa .
If you do n’t have or do n’t use AC , at night you can wet a scarf or towel or sheet and lay it on your chest .
The evaporative cooling effect will really do the trick for you .
Sleep tight !
Photo Credit : m.gifford ’s photostream via Flicker , Under Creative Commons License
Officials spread false ' not a drop spilled after Katrina ' talking point in support of offshore oil drilling Nick Langewis
Published : Wednesday July 16 , 2008
Print This Email This Former Senator turned energy lobbyist Trent Lott ( R - MS ) falsely claimed , during a Tuesday MSNBC appearance in support of drilling for oil offshore and in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , that Hurricane Katrina did n't cause oil spills .
" We did n't have one drop of oil [ spilled ] when we had the biggest hurricane in recent history , Hurricane Katrina , " Lott said on Tuesday .
" I think that the American people , " he added , " are saying ' Look , do whatever is necessary , do it all , and do it now . ' "
Former Senator and lobbyist John Breaux , a Democrat hailing from the gulf state of Louisiana , said that opponents of offshore drilling should reconsider .
" We 've shown that for the last sixty years you can do it safely , you can develop all natural domestic resources here in the United States , and it can be done safely . "
Oil spills , in fact , numbered over 100 in the hurricane 's aftermath , plaguing New Orleans and nearby areas and also contaminating the Mississippi River .
The Coast Guard , MSNBC itself reported in September of 2005 , estimated that 7 million gallons of oil , between 44 separate facilities around southeastern Louisiana , had been spilled as a result of the storm .
Hurricane Ivan had caused spills out of offshore platforms in 2004 , and while satellite photos were said by advocacy group SkyTruth to have revealed 7,000 square miles of oil slicks floating in the Gulf after Katrina , the Coast Guard 's Capt .
Frank Paskewich disputed it .
" As for now , I am confident that we have no received any reports of significant oil spills offshore , " he told Reuters .
On Monday , Nancy Pfotenhauer , energy lobbyist and senior energy adviser to Arizona Senator and Republican presidential candidate John McCain , told MSNBC 's David Schuster that " we withstood Hurricanes Rita and Katrina , and we did n't spill a drop . "
In the past month , the same talking point has been spread by government officials such as Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal , Senator McCain , and Secretary of the Interior Dirk Kempthorne .
A video compilation appears below : More MSNBC footage is available at Crooks and Liars .
Followers of the Dalai Lama ’s nonviolent teachings lost their cool yesterday – tossing coins and water bottles at Midtown protesters .
After the Dalai Lama finished a two - hour speech on human suffering at Radio City Music Hall , his audience of several hundred people stepped onto Sixth Avenue to chants of “ Dalai Lama , stop lying ! ” from the protesters – who claim the Tibetan spiritual leader persecutes Buddhist Shugden practitioners .
Supporters waved money and threw coins at the protesters suggesting they were paid by the Chinese government .
There were no arrests at the protests .
Sammy Schutz and Gabe : " The last thing I want my son to think about police is that they want to hurt him .
So I tried to hide his face . "
( Photos by Mary Turck )
For a complete list of articles on the RNC , go to our RNC 2008 page .
“ I heard somebody saying , ‘ They ’re coming , they ’re coming ! ’
And feet pounding on the back stairs , pounding on the door saying they had a search warrant .
They busted through the door .
They ’ve got their guns cocked at people . ”
Sammy Schutz held tightly to five - year - old Gabe , who had been watching a video with his mother and father and about 20 other people when the police stormed into 827 Smith Avenue in St. Paul , ordering everyone down on the floor .
PRESS STATEMENT FROM RNC WELCOMING COMMITTEE AFTER SHERIFF AND SPPD RAID OF CONVERGENCE SPACE FRIDAY AUGUST 29 2008 Assitant Police Chief Bostrom has talked about the St. Paul Standard , and on the anniversary of last years ’ critical mass police riot , we saw its true face .
The Ramsey County sheriff ’s dept and the SPPD raided the RNC convergence space and detained over 50 people in an attempt to preempt planned protests of the RNC on Monday .
Looking for items found in any twin cities house like jars , paint , and rags , this attempt to portray us as criminals and destroy our credibility has already backfired as evidenced by the masses who have come to support us .
We are now accused of a simple fire code violation - which is outside the scope of the sheriffs department and clearly not justified provocation for a forceful raid with guns being drawn .
Children and elderly people were inside the convergence center when the police violently busted down the doors .
The police may claim that the raid was executed according to protocol – however , the violence inherent in this action may only be a hint of the violence to be expected on Monday and beyond , and is only a hint at the violence perpetrated daily by the police .
The convergence center is simply a gathering place and is not used for illegal actions – it is a place for workshops and trainings .
Tonight we were watching films and sharing food .
This action will not deter us from our plans to protest the RNC on September 1st .
We want to invite all people who oppose this police oppression to join us on September 1st .
See you in the streets .
“ All I could feel was Mama Bear — do whatever you want to do to me , but I need to get my son out safe .
He was watching his dad get handcuffed .
And he ’s saying , ‘ Mommy , mommy , why did they crash through the door ? ' ”
Gabe ’s question remained unanswered .
Ramsey County sheriff ’s deputies said they were executing a search warrant , but would not show a copy of the warrant to lawyers or reporters .
More than a dozen police vehicles , almost all unmarked , and more than 20 sheriff ’s deputies and St. Paul police arrived at the building about 9:45 Friday night and were still there at 1 a.m. , when I left .
Police in front of 827 Smith Avenue Convergence Center .
After handcuffing the people in the building ( occupants said there were about two dozen on the second floor and “ about 40 or 50 ” on the first floor ) , police processed them one by one .
Each person was asked for identification , name and address , and then photographed .
People who had been inside the building told similar stories of police entering with guns drawn .
They said police rushed past the security desk on the first floor , and used a battering ram to crash through the second floor back door .
“ They said if you do n’t show us ID and get your picture taken , we will arrest you and take you away , ” said Michelle Gross , president of Communities United Against Police Brutality , who had arrived five or ten minutes before the raid began , planning to attend a meeting .
“ They never said what the basis for arrests would be .
We were waiting for a meeting , for God ’s sake !
I cannot tell you how much like a police state that felt to me . ”
After each person was released after being photographed , exiting the building and crossing between police cars to a crowd of cheering friends on the sidewalk across from the building .
No one was arrested , but sheriff ’s deputies remained inside the building .
Eventually , a city contractor arrived to board up the building , allegedly for unspecified code violations .
“ This is n’t the way we do things in St. Paul . ” City Council member Dave Thune
St. Paul City Council member Dave
Thune said he was trying to find out who ordered the building locked up and on what grounds .
“ This is n’t the way we do things in St. Paul , ” Thune said .
“ I do n’t want the city to get sucked into something that the sheriff ’s office is concocting . ”
Thune said that someone had called in the city contractor and ordered him to secure the building , but this was not done according ot St. Paul city procedures .
“ Normally , ” said Thune , “ we only board up buildings that are vacant and ramshackle .
The fire inspector has no idea what ’s going on .
He had n’t been called .
The person who is on 24/7 call was not called .
I talked to him trying to find out who did issue that order and why . ”
The building at 827 Smith Avenue had been rented by the RNC Welcoming Committee as a “ convergence space , ” open to activists for meetings , eating , and just hanging out .
Earlier in the week , a large downstairs room in the former theater held tables of literature and about a dozen computers , set up for free wi-fi access for visitors .
Large maps showed downtown St. Paul streets .
The kitchen was spotless , with stainless steel refrigerators and a gas range , looking like a commercial kitchen in a church basement .
The second floor room , where Sammy and her family were watching a video on consumerism Friday night , had comfortable theater seats and space for meetings .
Search warrant : from soap flakes and X boxes to Molotov cocktails
A young man who would not give his name said that many people had asked to see the search warrant .
After “ what seemed like a long time , ” someone was allowed to read the warrant aloud .
His recollection , affirmed by at least two others , was that the warrant was very long and listed many items , including soap flakes , X boxes , paint , computer operating support manuals , caltrops , bleach , floppy disks with digital information , Molotov cocktails and many other items .
Dave
Thune reported that sheriff ’s deputies hauled out literature and other items in boxes .
Literature available in the Convergence Center earlier in the week included “ The Struggle is Our Inheritance : A History of Radical Minnesota , ” “ Anarchy : A Pamphlet , ” “ a guide to 2008 antiRNC organizing , ” and “ Need to Know Basics : Coldsnap Legal Collective ’s Minnesota Legal Primer for the RNC . ”
Police loaded confiscated items into a police vehicle .
The activists had studied their legal rights , and said they repeated asked to see the search warrant , said they did not consent to searches , and asked to see their lawyers .
At least one person on the second floor managed to dial a number for the National Lawyer ’s Guild ( NLG ) as the police burst through the door .
Though NLG lawyers arrived on the scene early , they were not allowed to enter the building and no one in the building was allowed access to lawyers .
“ Here we are in this country trying to fight terrorism , ” said one activist , “ and I experience it — a gun in my face ! ”
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet
Monday , August 25 , 2008
The major question hanging over the Democratic National Convention , which starts in Denver today , is whether or not authorities will follow the lead of previous mass protest events , and actively stage violence to justify a brutal crackdown on legitimate demonstrators .
Last year after an incident during the SPP summit in Montebello Canada , Quebec provincial authorities were forced to admit that three rock - wielding mask - wearing “ anarchists ” were in fact police infiltrators used to gather information on protesters .
Police even went to great lengths to stage arrests of the agent provocateurs after they were outed as undercover cops by genuine protesters .
After initial photographs showed the “ anarchists ” wearing the same standard issue boots as the cops , debunkers attempted to dismiss the issue , but were forced to eat humble pie when authorities were eventually backed into a corner and had to admit that cops were dressed up as “ black bloc ” anarchists and used to spy on protesters .
Watch the video .
The so - called “ black bloc ” anarchists are completely infiltrated and controlled by the security services and are routinely employed at major protest events to cause riots and demonize legitimate peaceful protesters .
In Seattle in 1999 at the World Trade Organization meeting , the authorities declared a state of emergency , imposed curfews and resorted to nothing short of police state tactics in response to a small minority of hostile black bloc hooligans .
In his film Police State 2 , Alex Jones covered the fact that the police allowed the black bloc to run riot in downtown Seattle while they concentrated on preventing the movement of peaceful protestors .
The film presents clear evidence that the left - wing anarchist groups are actually controlled by the state and used to demonize peaceful protesters .
At the WTO protests in Genoa 2001 a protestor was killed after being shot in the head and run over twice by a police vehicle .
The Italian Carabinere also later beat on peaceful protestors as they slept , and even tortured some , at the Diaz School .
It later emerged that the police fabricated evidence against the protesters , claiming they were anarchist rioters , to justify their actions .
Some Carabiniere officials have since come forward to say they knew of infiltration of the so called black bloc anarchists , and that fellow officers acted as agent provocateurs .
At the Free Trade Area of Americas protests in Miami in late November 2003 , more provocateuring was evident .
The United Steelworkers of America calling for a congressional investigation , stated that the police intentionally caused violence and arrested and charged hundreds of peaceful protestors .
The USWA suggested that billions of dollars supposedly slated for Iraq reconstruction funds are actually being used to subsidize “ homeland repression ” in America .
As events unfold in Denver demonstrators need to be wary of this history and make every attempt to film black bloc anarchists who are intent on causing violence and find out if they are under police protection .
The future of maintaining the right to peaceably assemble and exercise the first amendment rests on the exposure of authorities using agent provocateurs to stage violence and demonize legitimate protesters .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
[ Originally published August 25 , 2008 ]
By Sherwood Ross
“ I believe in the universality of freedom , ” George Bush told an audience at the American Enterprise Institute in Washington , “ and I believe that this country , this grand country of ours , has an obligation to help people realize the blessings of freedom . ”
This belief , you might even call it a “ faith , ” reflects the “ calling ” some American presidents have long had to improve , if not remake , the rest of the world in their own image as if they were gods .
George W. Bush is only the latest occupant of the White House to display this arrogance .
The late Ronald Reagan also said Americans — whom he really believed were superior to other folks — - had an “ obligation ” to rescue foreigners and took it upon himself to fund the Contras to overthrow Nicaragua ’s elected leftist regime .
He did n’t bother going through Congress .
It was quite a radical departure for a self - styled “ conservative . ” 
Richard Nixon also held this conceit , and had the CIA overthrow the elected leftist government in Chile .
Even the amiable Dwight Eisenhower personally signed an order okaying a CIA overthrow of Iran ’s elected government in 1953 because they nationalized their own oil resources .
In none of these cases were the American people ever told by their government of those doings , much less asked .
Another expression of this master race philosophy in action occurred when President Bush trashed key international treaties ( the Anti-Ballistic Missile and Germ Warfare covenants , for examples ) so it is apparent he has set himself above international law .
He ’s too hoity - toity to sign any treaty to slow global warming .
Bush ’s belief that Americans are superior is not much more than a warmed - over version of Hitler ’s Master Race theory .
Bush may appear to be very sober , compared to the spellbinding Hitler Americans rightly identified as nuts , but the end product of his view Americans are chosen to dash around the world making wars is the same .
Bush ’s illegal invasion of Iraq has already killed approximately 1 - million people and now he has even threatened Iran with atomic attack , a repudiation of President Reagan ’s pledge that America would never start a nuclear war .
Millions of Americans , like Bush , hate the idea of any international authority that might limit American power .
This may explain why every time the phrase “ United Nations ” is uttered at a Republican Party convention , the audience erupts with jeers and catcalls .
They do n’t want Americans to rank as equal citizens of the world .
Indeed , America supremacists of the Project For A New American Century ( PNAC ) in 2000 “ called for nothing less than the creation of a worldwide imperial American empire , with forces based all around the globe , ” according to “ The Book on Bush ” ( Viking ) by Eric Alterman and Mark Green .
Ten PNAC members urged a unilateral U.S. invasion of Iraq , stating , “ American policy cannot continue to be crippled by a misguided insistence on unanimity in the Security Council . ”
Back in the Thirties German and Japanese militarists flouted the League of Nations , too .
See where it got them .
Being superior to everyone else has its privileges .
Bush is running what John Dean called the most secret government in history yet believes he has the right to eavesdrop on everybody else ’s private conversations .
As William Blum points out in “ Rogue State ” ( Common Courage Press ) , in 2003 the U.S. even “ listened in on UN Secretary - General Kofi Annan , the UN weapons inspectors in Iraq , and all the members of the UN Security Council during a period when they were deliberating what action to take in Iraq . ”
Now Congress wants the American people to trust the government not to eavesdrop on them .
Sure !
And just so the Pentagon can keep tabs on what you write on your computer , the U.S. National Security Agency ( NSA ) helped to install a secret program in Microsoft software that , without user knowledge , can read your private jottings and E- mails , according to a 1999 French Defense Ministry report , Blum said .
This brought no objections from Microsoft ’s biggest client : the Pentagon .
The CIA ’s policy of “ extraordinary rendition , ” first authorized by President Clinton , not George Bush , enables the American Master Race to fly anywhere in the world and arrest any person with no court order and remove the individual to another country for imprisonment , interrogation , torture , and / or summary execution .
And President Bush has allowed the CIA to hold some of those men as “ ghosts ”  without informing the Red Cross .
Yet what country is it that flies thousands of POW / MIA flags in protest of holding ghost prisoners ?
That other nationalities are mere ants in Neocon America ’s world was the implicit message of the Army ’s “ School of the Americas ” ( SOA ) .
According to a New York Times editorial , the Pentagon recommended to Latin army officers “ interrogation techniques like torture , execution , blackmail and arresting the relatives of those being questioned . ”
“ For decades SOA grads have been involved in the chain of command of virtually every major human rights atrocity in Latin America , ” Blum writes , including a coup attempt in 2002 against Hugo Chavez in Venezuela .
This may account for why Chavez told the United Nations Bush was the “ devil ” — and got ridiculed by U.S. media for not being polite .
I ’m no fan of Chavez but what do you call a man who tries to overthrow governments by force and violence ?
What do you call governments that think torturing human beings is okay ?
Is n’t that what ’s supposed to be done in Hell ?
U.S. presidents also believe they have a unilateral right to poison inferior peoples ’ countries with radioactive wastes .
Hence , President Bush Sr. could shoot off more than 630,000 pounds of radioactive ammunition during the first Gulf War in Kuwait , Iraq , and Saudi Arabia , according to “ Home Front ” ( Clarity Press ) author Rick Anderson .
Such depleted uranium shells were also fired “ extensively ” in Iraq in 2003 .
No matter some Iraqi women since have given birth to deformed infants , as have the wives of some GIs who fought in Iraq .
Most distressing of all is the heartlessness of the White House .
Bush not only inflicts massive casualties on foreign civilians but denies medical care to tens of thousands of his own veterans seeking medical relief from “ Gulf War Syndrome . ”
These luckless GIs dispatched to cram “ the blessings of freedom ” down foreign throats are discovering for themselves the New American Century Gang have little regard for human life , and this includes the lives of those who enlisted to fight their wars .
Meanwhile , let oil - rich Iran and Venezuela watch out — lest Bush give them the good old master erase .
( Sherwood Ross is an American who writes on political and military topics .
His articles have appeared in many national magazines .
He worked as a reporter for the Chicago Daily News , served as an executive in the civil rights movement , and contributed regular columns for major wire services .
Reach him at [ email protected ] )
About four years ago I described what I called the Republicans ’ ‘ bitch slap ’ theory of electoral politics .
Stuff like the Swift Boat attacks on John Kerry and McCain ’s Celeb / P Diddy assault on Obama are n’t really about the attacks themselves .
In themselves , they ’re often too cartoonish to be believed in any literal sense .
What they ’re about is smacking the other guy around and making him take it .
There ’s no better way to demonstrate someone ’s lack of toughness or strength than to attack them and show they are either unwilling or unable to defend themselves — thus the rough slang I used above .
That not only makes the other guy look weak .
It also transforms him into an object of contempt , which together are politically fatal .
It ’s this meta - message of weakness that resonates far beyond the literal claims .
And it ’s this that Democrats so often seem to miss — explaining the factual inaccuracies of the claims , demanding that the attacks stop , all the while reinforcing the intended message of the attacks in the first place .
You can even catch a hint of the mentality in the McCain camp ’s huffing and puffing Thursday afternoon .
The new and somewhat improbable line from the McCain camp is that they ’ve actually been doing their best to go easy on Obama , to hold back the stuff that would really make him suffer .
But now that Obama ’s gone ahead and raised McCain ’s inability to remember how many houses , now he ’s really gonna get it with a super - mean Rezko ad and maybe even Reverend Wright .
“ He ’s opened the door to this , ” a McCain official told Marc Ambinder , in a campaign version of the wife - beater ’s “ You brought this on yourself ! ”
As if McCain and his Rove lieutenants paid much mind to closed doors .
In effect , the devastating Rezko ad McCain says it never wanted to have to run is pretty weak .
Which is pretty much what you ’d expect for an ad put together in three or four hours by a campaign shell - shocked by a media firestorm they could n’t put out by screaming POW , POW , POW .
What we ’ll see now is whether Obama keeps McCain on the run with a continuing line of attacks or whether they ’ll let up after this one reactive pick - up from McCain ’s mistake .
The House ?
gaffe exposes two of McCain ’s biggest vulnerabilities — 1 ) the contrast between his old soldier pseudo - mystique and the pampered life he ’s led for almost 40 years and 2 ) the age - related wobbliness which has his campaign aides keeping him largely off limits to the traveling press .
These dovetail with his loose - cannon approach to critical foreign policy questions .
These issues — particularly 2 and 3 — are substantively critical issues .
1 is to the extent that it sheds light on McCain ’s general ignorance and indifference to bread - n- butter economic issues and his willingness to flip between progressive and Bushite tax policy over the course of a couple years .
But the tempo of this election and the fall out from the ‘ celeb ’ attacks will be determined in large part not by factual particulars but by whether Obama can show that when someone hits him hard he hits back twice as hard .
Not cowering , ignoring or complaining .
This is about the score and not the libretto .
Years ago , I fell in love with a sandwich siimlar to this at a lunch place in the big city near my hometown .
It ’s basically a glorified Grilled Cheese made with rye bread , sliced red onion , bright red tomato , whole green chilies and two kinds of cheese .
The bread is slathered in butter before grilling to ensure maximum taste and maximum calories , which I ’m like , totally all about .
Like , totally .
First we are going to make the special sauce .
Measure 1 tablespoon of Dijon mustard and 1 tablespoon of mayonnaise and mix the together in a small bowl .
That ’s it !
That ’s the special sauce .
Mix it together well and then spread a very thin layer onto the inside of both pieces of bread .
Now slice a nice ripe tomato .
Thinly slice a red onion .
Place two slices of tomato on one piece of bread and two slices of mild cheddar on the other slice .
On top of the tomatoes place several slices of red onion followed by two sliced of provolone .
Open your can of whole green chilies ( or if you have roasted your own fresh chilies , those are fabulous as well ! ) and lay one or two slices on top of the provolone .
Now very carefully put the two halves of this glorious sandwich together .
Now , are you ready ?
Spread a ridiculous , fattening and obscene amount of butter on top of the bread .
Do n’t miss a single centimeter .
Flip the sandwich over and repeat the Obscene Butter Process on the other side .
Meanwhile , heat a skillet ( non - stick is preferable here ) over LOW heat .
Place the sandwich in the skillet and cook it for at least 5 minutes .
Flip and continue cooking for another couple of minutes , until golden brown .
Remove to a cutting board and slice this beautiful little piece of heaven in half and eat .
Lawsie mercy , folks .
You have no idea how spectacularly delicious this is .
This ingredient shopping module is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content on their web site .
Mmmmm … this is it , folks : The Sandwich That Brings Me the Most Happiness in Life .
Granted , it ’s no Marlboro Man ’s Favorite Sandwich , which has surprisingly turned out to be the most popular recipe on this website to date , but it ’s still oh - so - good .
Years ago , I fell in love with a sandwich siimlar to this at a lunch place in the big city near my hometown .
It ’s basically a glorified Grilled Cheese made with rye bread , sliced red onion , bright red tomato , whole green chilies and two kinds of cheese .
The bread is slathered in butter before grilling to ensure maximum taste and maximum calories , which I ’m like , totally all about .
Like , totally .
For years and years I tried unsuccessfully to duplicate it at home , but never could get it quite right .
Only recently , when my sister Betsy was visiting , did I finally learn what I ’d been missing all these years .
After reviewing my list of ingredients and lamenting the sad fact that it just never quite tasted the way it tasted in our old lunch place / stomping ground , sister looked at me smugly and said , “ Oh , you mean you did n’t use their special sauce ? ”
Special Sauce ?
Come again ?
I had no idea what she was talking about .
Seems the lunch place in question spreads a very thin layer of the stuff on the bread of every heavenly grilled cheese ( and many other things ) they serve .
I felt betrayed , as if the whole world knew some secret I did n’t .
I also felt disappointed , knowing the special sauce in question would probably be an impossible combination of ingredients and I ’d have to spend the rest of my life unable to accurately duplicate the one sandwich that brings me happiness in life .
I was carrying on and bawling my eyes out over the whole ordeal when Betsy finally took pity on me and dialed the restaurant in question .
“ Hi , ” she said .
“ My sister is stranded on a cattle ranch and she loves your grilled cheese more than life itself and would like to be able to make them at home .
Would you be able to tell us what ’s in the sauce before she has a total emotional breakdown . ”
Betsy listened for a moment , said , “ Thank you ” and hung up .
Then she looked at me , smiled and said , “ Mayonnaise and Dijon . ”
Then she told me to get over myself .
Then she told me to seek help .
And that ’s when my life began again .
The Cast of Characters : Rye Bread ( with seeds ) , Butter , Red Onion , Tomato , Whole Green Chilies , Slice Mild Cheddar , Sliced Provolone , Mayonnaise , and Dijon Mustard .
First , let ’s make the Special Sauce !
Find your Dijon Mustard …
Measure 1 tablespoon …
And plop it into a small bowl .
Now find your Mayonnaise .
REAL Mayonnaise , now , not the Fat Free stuff or that Miracle Whip nonsense .
Measure 1 tablespoon …
And place it into the bowl with the Dijon .
Mix together with a fork …
Until well combined .
This is enough sauce for at least two sandwiches .
Now place two pieces of rye bread on a plate …
And begin spreading sauce on each slice .
Now , the key here is to make the layer of sauce very , very thin .
The purpose of the sauce is to create a slight hint of flavor and a very subtle moistness ; there should be no globs of sauce in the sandwich .
Be sure to get the sauce all the way out to the edges .
And make sure the layer is very thin !
Now , getcha a nice , ripe tomato …
And cut it into slices .
Now cut a red onion in half from root to tip …
Lay a half on its side and cut off the top .
Peel off the outer layer …
And cut into pretty thin slices .
Now , place two slices of tomato on one piece of bread .
On the other half , overlap two slices of mild cheddar .
Place a few red onion slices on top of the tomato , then top the red onion with two slices of overlapping Provolone .
Now , whip out your can of whole green chilies .
You could use the diced ones , but for the purposes of this sandwich , they just do n’t pack the same punch .
On top of the green chilies , place a few more slices of red onion .
I ’m usually not a raw onion slice kind of gal , but in this sandwich , it really works .
It takes a very steady hand ( name that Milton Bradley game ) , but now you need to carefully unite the two halves into one .
It ’s Butter Time .
My favorite time of the day !
Make sure it ’s very soft .
Spread a ridiculous , fattening , obscene amount of butter on the top of the bread .
Make sure you get all the way out to the edges , and please — in the name of all that is good and holy — do NOT skimp .
If the bread is too dry , your sandwich will suffer .
And so will your immortal soul .
Flip the sandwich over ( do n’t worry about getting a little butter on the place ) and repeat the Obscene Butter Process on the other side .
Meanwhile , heat a skillet ( nonstick works great here ) over LOW HEAT .
When it ’s adequately heated , place the sandwich in the skillet .
Now , the reason I cook the sandwich over low heat is that I want to give the middle of the sandwich plenty of time to warm up and melt .
If the heat on the stove were higher , the bread would get way too brown before the cheese even had a chance to melt .
Also , cooking over low heat for a slightly longer period of time gives the bread a wonderful crispness that contrasts the soft , melted cheese nicely .
I let it go for at least five minutes , checking occasionally to make sure it ’s not overbrowning .
When it ’s nice and golden brown , flip it over to the other side .
With the spatula , lightly press the top half into the bottom half .
Let it cook for another few minutes , making sure the cheese is thoroughly melted .
Remove the sandwich to a cutting board …
And cut in half with a sharp knife .
Lawsie Mercy , folks .
You have no idea how spectacularly delicious this is .
You ’ll see that I probably could have let the cheese melt just a minute or two longer .
But I have Acute Impatience Syndrome when it comes to this sandwich and I was unable to wait any longer before taking my first bite .
This sandwich is so rich and powerful , a half is often enough .
So find your favorite sister , brother , friend , coworker , or mailman and share one of these today !
I hope it brings you as much happiness as it ’s brought me .
Just do n’t forget the special sauce …
4.1 Dynamics of simulated neural networks
From the previous sections is has become clear that a major research focus in modern network studies is the relation between network topology on the one hand , and dynamics on networks on the other hand .
This problem is of major interest for neuroscience , and an important question is to what extent the results obtained with models of general types of oscillators are relevant for networks of neuron - like elements as well .
Lago - Fernandez et al. were the first to study this question in a network of non-identical Hodgkin and Huxley neurons coupled by excitatory synapses [ 69 ] .
They studied the influence of three basic types of network architecture on coherent oscillations of the network neurons .
Random networks displayed a fast system response , but were unable to produce coherent oscillations .
Networks with regular topology showed coherent oscillations , but no fast signal processing .
Small - world networks showed both a fast system response as well as coherent oscillations , suggesting that this type of architecture could be optimal for information processing in neural networks .
The influence of complex connectivity on neuronal circuit dynamics was also studied by Roxin et al . [ 70 ] .
They considered a small - world network of excitable , leaky integrate - and - fire neurons .
For low values of p ( the likelihood of random rewiring ) a localized transient stimulus resulted either in self sustained persistent ( mostly periodic ) activity or a brief transient response .
For high values of p , the network displayed exceedingly long transients and disordered patterns .
The probability of failure ( a stimulus not resulting in sustained activity ) showed a phase transition over a small range of values of p .
The authors concluded that this ' bi-stability ' of the network might represent a mechanisms for short term memory .
Masuda and Aihara showed that in a model of 400 coupled leaky integrate - and - fire neurons small p values gave rise to travelling waves or clustered states , intermediate values to rapid communications between remote neurons and global synchrony , and high p to asynchronous firing [ 71 ] .
They also showed that network dynamics can be influenced by the degree distribution .
With so - called ' balanced rewiring ' ( same degree for all vertices ) the optimal p for synchronization vanished .
Increasing p replaced precise local with rough global synchrony .
Synchronization of neurons in networks is important for normal functioning , in particular information processing , but may also reflect abnormal dynamics related to epilepsy .
Three modelling studies have addressed this issue specifically .
Netoff et al. started from the observation that in a hippocampal slice model of epilepsy the CA3 regions shows short bursts of activity whereas the CA1 regions shows seizure like activity lasting for seconds [ 72 ] .
To explain these observations they constructed models ( small - world networks with N = 3000 ; k = 30 for CA1 and k = 90 for CA3 ) of various types of neurons ( Poisson spike train , leaky integrate - and - fire , stochastic Hodgkin and Huxley ) .
For increasing values of the rewiring probability , the models displayed first normal behaviour , then seizure like transients and finally continuous bursting .
Increasing the strength of the synapses had a similar effect as increasing p.
For the CA3 model ( with higher k ) the transition from seizures to bursting occurred for a lower value of p compared to the CA1 model .
These findings suggest that the bursting behaviour of the CA3 region may represent a dynamical state beyond seizures .
This is an important suggestion since similar bursting - like phenomena have also been observed in the scalp recorded EEGs of neurological patients , and their epileptic significance is still poorly understood [ 73 ] .
Percha et al. started with the observation that in medial temporal lobe epilepsy , epileptogenesis is characterized by structural network remodelling and aberrant axonal sprouting [ 75 ] .
To study the influence of modified network topology on seizure threshold they considered a two - dimensional model of 12 by 12 Hindmarsh - Rose neurons .
For increasing values of p they found a phase transition between a state of local to a state of global coherence ; the transition occurred at p = 0.3 .
At the phase transition point the duration of globally coherent states displayed a power law scaling , consistent with type III intermittency .
The authors speculated that neural networks may develop towards a critical regime between local and global synchronization ; seizures would result if pathology pushes the system beyond this critical state .
A similar concept can be found in two other studies [ 5 , 75 ] .
The influence of temporal lobe architecture on seizures was also studied by Dyhrfjeld - Johnsen et al . [ 76 ] .
They studied a computational model of rat dentate gyrus with 1 billion neurons , and no more than three synapses between any two neurons , suggestive of a small - world architecture .
They showed that loss of long distance hilar cells had only little influence on global network connectivity as long as a few of these long distance connections were preserved .
Also , local axonal sprouting of granular cells resulted in increased local connectivity .
Simulations of the dynamics of this model showed that network hyperexcitability was preserved despite the loss of hilar cells .
To explain the dynamics of cultured neural networks French and Gruenstein investigated two - dimensional excitatory small - world networks with bursting integrate - and - fire neurons with regular spiking ( RS ) and intrinsic bursting ( IB ) [ 77 ] .
The model showed spontaneous activity , similar to cultured networks .
Traces of membrane potential and cytoplasmatic calcium matched those of experimental data .
For even low values of rewiring probability the values for the speed of propagation in the model were within the range of the physiological model .
For higher p and more long distance connections wave speed increased .
Recently it has been shown that real neural networks cultured in vitro in multi electrode arrays ( MEAs ) display functional connectivity patterns with small - world characteristics [ 78 ] .
Higher values of p are known to be associated with shorted path lengths in the Watts and Strogatz small - world model .
That pathlength is an important predictor of network performance , as has been shown recently [ 79 ] .
These authors investigated a two - dimensional lattice of coupled van der Pol - FitzHugh - Nagumo oscillators and considered as measures of network performance : activity and synchronization .
They found that network performance was mainly determined by the network average path length : the shorter the path length , the better the performance .
Local properties such as the clustering coefficient turned out to be less important .
The studies discussed above considered networks of excitatory elements only .
Shin and Kim studied a network of 1000 coupled FitzHugh - Nagumo ( FHN ) neurons with fixed inhibitory coupling strength and an excitatory coupling strength that changed with firing [ 80 ] .
Starting from random initial coupling strengths , this network self - organized to both the small - world and the scale - free network regime by synaptic re-organization and by the spike timing dependent synaptic plasticity ( STDP ) .
The optimal balance between excitation and inhibition proved to be crucial , as has been observed in other studies [ 81 ] .
Paula et al. studied small - world and scale - free models of 2048 sparsely coupled ( k = 4 ) McCulloch and Pitts neurons [ 82 ] .
In the case of regular topology the model showed non-periodic activity , whereas random topology resulted in periodic dynamics , where the duration of the periods depended on the square root of network size .
The transition between aperiodic and periodic dynamics as a function of p was suggestive of a phase transition .
Two other studies provide a link with the topic of anatomical connectivity that will be discussed in more detail in the next section .
Zhou et al. and Zemanova et al. investigated the correlations between network topology and functional organization of complex brain networks [ 67 , 68 ] .
They modelled the cortical network of the cat with 53 areas and 830 connections as a weighted small - world network .
Each node or area in the network was modelled as a sub network of excitable FitzHugh - Nagumo neurons ( N = 200 ; k = 12 , SWN topology with p = 0.3 ; 25 % inhibitory neurons ; 5 % of the neurons receive excitatory connections form other areas ) .
The control parameter was the coupling strength g .
For weak coupling the model showed non-trivial organization related to the underlying network topology , that is correlation patterns between time series of activity were closely related to the underlying anatomical connectivity .
These results are in agreement with those of Arenas et al. described above [ 66 ] .
In a recent modelling study a close correspondence between functional and anatomical connectivity was confirmed when the functional connectivity was determined for long time scales [ 83 ] .
So far , only few studies have studied the relevance of network structure for memory processes in simulated neural networks .
Two behaviors of such networks are relevant for memory : auto - associative retrieval and self - sustained localized states ( ' bumps ' ) .
Anishchenko and Treves showed that the auto - associative retrieval requires networks with a structure close to random , while the self - sustained localized states were only found in networks with a very ordered structure [ 84 ] .
Coincidence of both behaviours in a small - world regime could not be demonstrated in networks with realistic as opposed to simple binary neurons .
4.2 Neuroanatomical networks
4.2.1 Real networks
Interestingly , the seminal paper of Watts and Strogatz was also the first example of an application of graph theory to a neuroscientific question [ 16 ] .
Watts and Strogatz studied the anatomical connectivity of the nervous system of C. elegans , which is the sole example of a completely mapped neural network .
This neural network could be represented by a graph with N = 282 and k = 14 .
Neurons were considered to be connected if they shared a synapse or a gap junction .
Analysis of this graph yielded a path length L = 2.65 ( random network : 2.25 ) and a clustering coefficient C = 0.28 ( random network = 0.05 ) .
This represents the first evidence of small - world architecture of a real nervous system .
That similar conclusions can be drawn for nervous systems of vertebrates and primates , was shown by Hilgetag et al . [ 85 ] .
They studied compilations of corticocortical connection data from macaque ( visual , somatosensory , whole cortex ) and cat , and analyzed these data with optimal set analysis , non-parametric cluster analysis , and graph theoretical measures .
All approaches showed a hierarchical organization with densely locally connected clusters of areas .
Generally , path lengths were slightly larger than those of random networks , while clustering coefficients were twice as large as those of random networks : macaque visual : L = 1.69 ( random 1.65 ) C = 0.594 ( random 0.321 ) ; macaque somatosensory : L = 1.77 ( random 1.72 ) C = 0.569 ( random 0.312 ) ; macaque whole cortex : L = 2.18 ( random 1.95 ) C = 0.49 ( random 0.159 ) ; cat whole cortex : L = 1.79 ( random 1.67 ) ; C = 0.602 ( random 0.302 ) .
The authors concluded that cortical connectivity possesses attributes of ' small - world ' networks .
This raises the question whether the small - world pattern of anatomical connectivity determines the patterns of functional connectivity .
Stephan et al. studied data from 19 papers on the spread of ( epileptiform ) activity after strychnine - induced dysinhibition in macaque cortex in vivo [ 86 ] .
Graph analysis of functional connectivity networks gave the following results L = 2.1730 ( random : 2.1500 ) ; C = 0.3830 ( random : 0.0149 ) .
This represents the first proof of a small - world pattern in functional connectivity data , and suggests a relation between anatomical and functional connectivity patterns .
While the study of Stephan et al. was based upon data from the literature , Kotter and Sommer modelled the propagation of epileptiform activity in a large scale model of the cortex of the cat and compared the results with randomly connected networks [ 87 ] .
They concluded that association fibres and their connections strengths were useful predictors of global topographic activation patterns in the cerebral cortex and that a global structure – function relationship could be demonstrated .
Sporns and Zwi studied data sets of macaque visual and whole cortex , and cat cortex , comparing the results to both lattice and random networks , where the in and out degrees of all vertices were preserved [ 88 ] .
They computed scaled values of L and C ( that is : L and C related to L and C of random networks ) and looked for cycles .
For all three networks the scaled C was close to that of a lattice network , while the scaled L was close to random networks .
They also found that there was little or no evidence for scale - free degree distributions , which makes sense in view of the relatively constant number of 104 synapses per neuron .
According to the authors the small - world architecture of the cortex must play a crucial role in cortical information processing .
Some of the same data studied in the above mentioned papers were re-investigated for the presence of motifs ( connected graphs forming a subgraph of a larger network ) by Sporns and Kotter [ 89 ] .
The authors distinguished between structural motifs of size M ( specific set of M vertices linked by edges ) and functional motifs ( same M vertices , but not all edges ) .
Graphs were compared to lattice and random networks which preserved the in and out degree of all vertices .
The authors concluded that brain networks maximize both the number and diversity of functional motifs , while the repertoire of structural motifs remains small .
Kaiser and Hilgetag studied the edge vulnerability of macaque and cat cortex , protein - protein interaction networks , and transport networks [ 90 ] .
Comparisons were made with random and scale - free networks .
The average shortest path length was used as a measure of network integrity , and four different measures were used to identify critical connections in the network .
Of these , the edge frequency ( the fraction of shortest paths using a specific edge ; related to the ' betweenness ' discussed in section 3.1 ) was the best measure to predict the influence of deleting an edge on average path length .
However , for random and scale - free networks all measures performed not very well .
Assuming that biological networks are more likely to be small - world , the edge frequency underscores the importance ( for overall network performance ) and vulnerability of inter-cluster connections .
This conclusion is an agreement with Buzsaki et al . who stressed the importance of long - range interneurons for network architecture and performance [ 91 ] .
Similarly , Manev and Manev suggested that neurogenesis might give rise to new random connections subserving the small - world properties of brain networks [ 92 ] .
Extending the work of Watts and Strogatz and Hilgetag et al. , Humphries et al. investigated whether a specific sub -network of the brain , the brainstem reticular formation , displays a small - world like architecture [ 93 ] .
They considered two models based upon neuro - anatomical data : a stochastic and a pruning model , and used a small - world metric defined as : S = ( C/ C-r ) / ( L/L-r ) .
Here , C-r and L-r refers to the clustering coefficient and path length of corresponding ensembles of random networks .
They found that both models fulfil criteria for a small - world network ( high S ) for a range of parameter settings ; however , the in degree and out degree distributions did not follow a power law , arguing against a scale - free architecture .
The first more or less direct proof of small - world like anatomical connectivity in human was reporter by He et al . [ 94 ] .
They studied MRI scans of 124 healthy subjects , and assumed that two regions were connected if they displayed statistically significant correlations in cortical thickness .
For this analysis the entire cortex was segmented into 54 regions .
With this approach , the authors could show that the human brain networks has the characteristics of a small - world network with γ ( C / C-r ) = 2.36 and λ ( L/L-r ) = 1.15 and a small - world parameter σ ( same as S defined above ) = 2.04 .
Furthermore , the degree distribution corresponded to an exponentially truncated power law , as described by Achard et al . [ 95 ] .
4.2.2 Theoretical and modelling approaches
Supplementing the empirical studies on neuro - anatomical connectivity several studies have studied the significance of connectivity patterns in complex networks from a more theoretical and modelling based perspective [ 96 ] .
In particular , Sporns and colleagues have inspired a new approach called ' theoretical neuro - anatomy ' [ 97 ] .
They have pointed out that brains are faced with two opposite requirements : ( i ) segregation , or local specialization for specific tasks ; ( ii ) integration , combining all the information at a global level [ 98 ] .
One of the key questions is which kind of anatomical and functional architecture allows segregation and integration to be combined in an optimal way .
Sporns et al. studied network models that were allowed to develop to maximize certain properties .
Networks which developed when optimising for complexity ( defined as an optimal balance between segregation and integration : see [ 99 ] . ) showed small - world characteristics ; also the graph theoretical measures of these networks were similar to those of real cortical networks , as described under 4.2.1 . [ 98 ] .
Furthermore , networks selected for optimal complexity had relatively low ' wiring costs ' .
The authors speculate that this type of network architecture ( complex or small - world like ) could emerge as an adaptation to rich environments [ 97 , 99 ] .
In a later review the authors argued that the emergent complex , small - world architecture of cortical networks might promote high levels of information integration and the formation of a so - called ' dynamic core ' [ 21 ] .
This ' dynamic core ' could be a potential substrate of higher cognition and consciousness .
The notion of an optimal architecture has also been studied in terms of wiring costs and optimal component placement in neural networks .
Karbowski hypothesized that cerebral cortex architecture is designed to save available resources [ 100 ] .
In a model he studied the trade off between minimizing energetic and biochemical costs ( axonal length and number of synapses ) .
The model showed some similarity with small - world networks , but in contrast to these had a distance - dependent probability of connectivity .
Kaiser and Hilgetag studied the well known anatomical networks of macaque cortex , and C. Elegans [ 101 ] .
They showed that optimal component placement could substantially reduce wiring length in all tested networks .
However , in the minimally rewired networks the number of processing steps along the shortest paths would increase compared to the real networks .
They concluded that neural networks are more similar to network layouts that minimize length of processing paths rather than wiring length .
A different conclusion was reached by Chen et al. who studied wiring optimisation of 278 non-pharyngeal neurons of C. Elegans [ 102 ] .
They solved for an optimal layout of the network in terms of wiring costs and found that most neurons ended up close to their actual position .
However , these authors also noted that some neurons got a new position which strongly deviated from the original one , suggesting the involvement of other biological factors .
One might speculate that at least one of the other factors could be an optimal architecture in terms of processing steps as suggested by Kaiser and Hilgetag [ 101 ] .
4.3 Functional networks
The following section on fMRI , EEG , and MEG discusses applications of graph theory to recordings of brain physiology rather than brain anatomy .
This approach is based upon the concept of functional or effectivy connectivity , first introduced by Aertsen et al . [ 103 ] .
The basic assumption is that statistical interdependencies between time series of neuronal activity or related metabolic measures reflect functional interactions between neurons and brain regions .
Obviously , patterns of functional connectivity will be restricted by the underlying anatomical connectivity , but they do not have to be identical , and may reveal information beyond the anatomical structure .
This is illustrated by the fact that functional connectivity patterns can display rapid task - related changes , as illustrated in several studies discussed below .
The basic principles of applying graph analysis to recordings of brain activity are illustrated in Fig. 4 .
Figure 4 Schematic illustration of graph analysis applied to multi channel recordings of brain activity ( fMRI , EEG or MEG ) .
The first step ( panel A ) consists of computing a measure of correlation between all possible pairs of channels of recorded brain activity .
The correlations can be represented in a correlation diagram ( panel B , strength of correlation indicated with black white scale ) .
Next a threshold is applied , and all correlations above the threshold are considered to be edges connecting vertices ( channels ) .
Thus , the correlation matrix is converted to a unweighted graph ( panel C ) .
From this graph various measures such as the clustering coefficient C and the path length L can be computed .
For comparisons , random networks can be generated by shuffling the cells of the original correlation matrix of panel B .
This shuffling preserves the symmetry of the matrix , and the mean strength of the correlations ( panel D ) .
From the random matrices graphs are constructed , and graph measures are computed as before .
The mean values of the graph measures for the ensemble of random networks are determined .
Finally ,
The ratio of the graph measures of the original network and the mean values of the graph measures of the random networks can be determined ( panel F ) .
Full size image
4.3.1 Functional MRI
Probably the first attempt to apply graph theoretical concepts to fMRI was a methodological paper by Dodel et al . [ 104 ] .
In this methodological study , graph theory was used as a new approach to identifying functional clusters of activated brain areas during a task .
Starting from BOLD ( blood oxygen level dependent ) time series of brain activity , a matrix of correlations between the time series was computed , and this matrix was converted to a ( undirected , unweighted ) graph by assigning edges to all supra- threshold correlations .
With this approach the authors were able to demonstrate various functional clusters in the form of subgraphs during a finger tapping task .
The authors noted the problem that the threshold had a significant influence on the results , and that criteria for choosing an optimal threshold should be considered .
Eguiluz et al. were the first to study clustering coefficients , path lengths , and degree distributions in relation to fMRI data [ 105 , 106 ] .
They studied fMRI in 7 subjects during three different finger tapping tasks , and derived matrices of correlations coefficients from the BOLD time series .
These matrices were thresholded to obtain unweighted graphs .
In this study BOLD time series of each of the fMRI voxels were used .
The degree distribution was found to be scale - free , irrespective of the type of task considered .
Also , the clustering coefficient was four times larger than that of a random network , and the path length was considered ' close to ' that of a random network ( in fact depending on the threshold it was 2 – 3 times larger ) .
The authors concluded that the functional brain networks displayed both scale - free as well as small - world features .
Since these properties did not depend upon the task , they assumed that graph analysis mainly reveals invariant properties of the underlying networks , which might be in a ' critical ' state [ 106 ] .
A different approach was taken by the Cambridge group who studied fMRI BOLD time series during a ' resting state ' with eyes - closed and no task [ 95 , 107–109 ] .
In the first study , fMRI was studied in 12 healthy subjects , and BOLD time series were taken from 90 regions of interest ( ROI ; 45 from each hemisphere ) ; each of these ROIs corresponded to a specific anatomical region [ 107 ] .
From these 90 time series a matrix of partial correlations was obtained .
The threshold was based upon the significance of the correlations , controlling for false positive findings due to the large number of correlations with the false discovery rate ( FDR ) .
The authors found a number of strong and significant correlations , both locally as well as between distant ( intra - and inter - hemispherical ) brain regions .
Hierarchical clustering revealed six major systems consisting of four major cortical lobes , the medial temporal lobe , and a subcortical system .
In one patient with a lowered consciousness following an ischemic brain stem lesion a reduction of left intrahemispherical and interhemispherical connections was found .
Graph analysis was applied to unweighted graphs using a significance level of p < 0.05 as a threshold for the partial correlation matrix .
The clustering coefficient of this graph was 0.25 ( random network : 0.12 ) and the path length 2.82 ( random network : 2.58 ) .
The ratio C/ C-r was 2.08 and the ratio L/ L-r was 1.09 , both suggestive of a small - world architecture of the resting state functional network .
The authors noted that the anatomy did not always predict precisely the functional relationships , and that the resting state connectivity could be a potentially useful marker of brain disease or damage , as illustrated by the patient example .
In another study in five subjects the interdependencies between the BOLD time series were studied in the frequency rather than the time domain [ 108 ] .
Estimators of partial coherence and a normalized mutual information measure were used to construct the graphs .
The authors found stronger fronto - parietal connectivity at lower frequencies and involvement of higher frequencies in the case of local connections .
Subsequently an extensive graph analysis of this data set was performed [ 95 ] .
Here , wavelet analysis was used to study connectivity patterns as a function of frequency band .
The corresponding correlation matrices were thresholded at p < 0.05 using FDR .
The resulting graphs displayed a single giant cluster of highly connected brain regions ( 79 out of 90 ) .
In this graph the strongest hubs corresponded to the most recently developed parts of heteromodal association cortex .
The most clear - cut small - world pattern was found for BOLD data in the frequency range of 0.03 –0.06 Hz .
The clustering coefficient was 0.53 , and the path length was 2.49 .
The authors also considered a small - world index as proposed by Humphries : ( C/ C-r ) / ( L - L-r ) .
This index is expected to be > 1 in the case of a small world network ( relatively high C and low L compared to corresponding random networks ) .
In the case of the experimental graph the index was 2.08 , consistent with a small - world network .
The authors also investigated the resilience of the network to either ' random attack ' ( removal of randomly chosen vertex ) or targeted attack ' ( removal of largest hubs ) .
They found that the real brain networks were as resistant to random attacks as either random or scale - free networks .
In contrast , the real brain networks were more resistant to targeted attacks than scale - free networks .
This finding , as well as the absence of power law scaling and arguments from brain development ( where hubs develop late rather than early ) suggest to the authors that brain networks are not scale - free as had been suggested by Eguiluz et al [ 105 ] .
The authors conclude that the functional networks revealed by graph analysis of resting state fMRI might represent a ' physiological substrate for segregated and distributed information processing ' .
Finally , the global and local efficiency measures as introduced by Latora and Marchiori were applied in an fMRI study in 15 healthy young and 11 healthy old subjects [ 109 ] .
The subjects were studied during a resting state no - task paradigm , either with placebo treatment or with sulpiride ( an antagonist of the dopamine D2 receptor in the brain ) .
The analysis was based upon wavelet correlation analysis of low frequency correlations between BOLD time series of 90 regions of interest followed by thresholding .
The efficiency measures were related to a ' cost ' factor , defined as the actual number of edges divided by the maximum number of edges possible in the graph .
Local and global efficiency , normalized for cost , were shown to be decreased both in the old compared to the young group and in the sulpiride condition compared to the placebo condition .
The effect of age on efficiency was stronger and involved more brain regions than the sulpiride effect .
These results were similar irrespective whether the analysis was done on unweighted or weighted graphs reconstructed from the correlation matrix .
4.3.2 EEG and MEG
Data derived from functional MRI experiments – whether task related or resting state – are very suitable for graph analysis because of their high spatial resolution ,
In contrast , spatial resolution is more problematic with neurophysiological techniques such as EEG and MEG .
However , these techniques do measure directly the electromagnetic field related to neuronal activity , and have a much higher temporal resolution .
The first application of graph analysis to MEG was published in 2004 [ 110 ] .
In this experiment MEG recordings of five subjects during a no-task , eyes - closed state were analysed .
Correlations between the time series of the 126 artefact - free channels studied were analysed with the synchronization likelihood ( SL ) , a non-linear measure of statistical interdependencies [ 111 , 112 ] .
The matrices of pair wise SL values were converted to unweighted graphs by assuming an edge between pairs of channels ( vertices ) with an SL above a threshold , and no edge in the case of a subthreshold SL .
In all cases the threshold was chosen such that the mean degree was 15 .
This analysis was performed for MEG data filtered in different frequency bands .
For intermediate frequencies the corresponding graphs were close to ordered networks ( high clustering coefficient , and long path length ) .
For low (< 8 Hz ) and high (> 30 Hz ) frequencies the graphs showed small - world features with high C and low L .
These results were fairly consistent when the degree k was varied between 10 and 20 , although both C and L increased as a function of K .
Graph theoretical properties of MEG recordings in healthy subjects were studied more extensively in a recent paper by Bassett et al . [ 1 , 113 ] .
The authors applied graph analysis to MEG recordings in 22 healthy subjects during a no- task , eyes - open state and a simple motor task ( finger tapping ) .
Wavelet analysis was used to obtain correlation matrices in the major frequency bands ranging from delta to gamma .
After thresholding unweighted , undirected graphs were obtained and characterized in terms of an impressive range of graph theoretical measures such as clustering coefficient , path length , small world metric σ ( [ C/C-random ] ./[ L/L-random ] .
see [ 93 ] . ) , clustering , characteristic length scale , betweenness and synchronizability ( although it is not very well described in the paper the authors probably refer to the eigenvalue ratio based upon graph spectral analysis : λ N /λ 2 ) .
In all six frequency bands a small world architecture was found , characterized by values of the small world metric σ between 1.7 and 2 .
This small - world pattern was remarkably stable over different frequency bands as well as experimental conditions .
During the motor task relatively small changes in network topology were observed , mainly consisting of the emergence of long distance interactions between frontal and parietal areas in the beta and gamma bands .
Analysis of the synchronizability showed that the networks were in a critical dynamical state close to transition between the non-synchronized and synchronized state .
The first application of graph analysis to EEG was published in 2007 [ 114 ] .
Here a group of 15 Alzheimer patients was compared to a non-demented control group of 13 subjects .
EEG recorded from 21 channels during an eyes - closed , no - task state and filtered in the beta band ( 13–30 Hz ) was analysed with the synchronization likelihood .
When C and L were computed as a function of threshold ( same threshold for controls and patients ) , the path length was significantly longer in the AD group .
For very high thresholds it was noted that the graphs became disconnected , and the pathlength became shorted in the AD group .
When C and L were studied as a function of degree k ( same K for both groups ) , the path length was shorter in the AD group , but only for a small range of K ( around 3 ) .
For both controls and patients the graphs showed small - world features when C and L were compared to those of random control networks ( with preserved degree distribution ) .
A higher mini mental state examination score ( MMSE ) correlated with a higher C and smaller L .
The results were interpreted in terms of a less optimal , that is less small - world like network organization in the AD group .
Bartolomei et al. applied graph analysis to MEG resting state recordings in a group of 17 patients with brain tumours and 15 healthy controls . [ 115 ] .
Unweighted graphs were obtained from SL matrices of MEG filtered in different frequency bands , using an average degree k of 10 , and a network size ( number of channels ) of 149 .
Mean SL values were higher in patients in the lower frequency bands ( delta , theta and alpha ) , and lower in the higher frequency bands ( beta and gamma ) .
In patients the ratio of the clustering coefficient and the mean clustering coefficient for random networks ( C/ C-r ) was lower than in controls in the theta and gamma band ( for right sided tumours ) ; the ratio of pathlength and mean pathlength of random networks ( L/L-r ) was lower in patients in the theta band , the beta band ( for left sided tumours ) and the gamma band ( for right sided tumours ) .
The general pattern that emerges from this study is that pathological networks are closer to random networks , and healthy networks are closer to small - world networks .
Interestingly , such random networks might have a lower threshold for seizures ( which occur frequently in patients with low grade brain tumours ) than small - world networks .
In two related studies Micheloyannis et al. applied graph analysis to 28 channel EEG recorded during an 2 - back working memory test [ 116 , 117 ] .
In both studies EEG filtered in different frequency bands was analysed with the SL , and converted to unweighted graphs either as a function of threshold , or as a function of degree K ( with K = 5 ) .
Also , the ratios C/ C-r and L / L -r were computed , relating the C and L to those of random networks with the same degree distribution .
In the first study 20 healthy subjects with a few years of formal education and a low IQ were compared to 20 healthy subjects with university degrees and a high IQ [ 116 ] .
Mean SL did not differ between the two groups .
Graph analysis of the no-task condition did not show differences between the groups either .
However , during the working memory task the networks in the group with lower education as compared to the highly educated group were closer to small - world networks as revealed by a higher C/ C-r and a lower L/L-s in the theta , alpha1 , alpha2 , beta and gamma band .
The results were explained in terms of the neural efficiency hypothesis : the lower educated subjects would ' need ' the more optimal small - world configuration during the working memory task to compensate for their lower cognitive abilities .
In the second study the 20 control subjects with higher education were compared to 20 patients with schizophrenia ( stable disease , under drug treatment ) .
During the working memory task the C/ C-r was lower in the schizophrenia group compared to controls in alpha1 , alpha2 , beta and gamma bands .
Consequently , task related networks in the schizophrenia group were less small - world like , and more random compared to controls .
Combining these results with those of the first study there is a decrease of small - world features going from controls with low education to controls with high education , and then from controls with high education to schizophrenia patients .
One might speculate that the controls with low education display a compensation mechanism during the task , which is not needed by the highly educated controls and which completely fails in the case of the patients .
Of interest , the notion of a more random network in schizophrenia has recently been confirmed in a study in 40 patients and 40 controls [ 118 ] .
In this EEG based study the patients were characterized by a lower clustering coefficient , a shorter path length and a lower centrality index of the major network hubs .
It should be noted that the patients in the Micheloyannis et al and the Breakspear et al studies were treated with antipsychotic drugs , and that an influence of the drug treatment on the network features was found in the Breakspear et al study .
Thus , the ' network randomization ' could reflect both disease as well as pharmacological effects .
The two studies by Micheloyannis et al . [ 116 , 117 ] . and the study by Bassett et al . [ 113 ] .
showed the influence of a cognitive or motor task on network topology .
This raises the question to what extent network features such as C and L reflect ' state ' or ' trait ' characteristics .
In this context , changes during sleep are of interest .
Ferri et al. showed that network properties change during sleep [ 119 ] .
In 10 healthy subjects 19 channel EEG recordings filtered between 0.25 –2.5
Hz were analysed with the synchronization likelihood .
Unweighted networks were derived from the SL matrices with a fixed K = 3 .
The ratio C/ C - r but not the ratio L/ L-r was found to increase during all sleep stages compared to the awake state ; however there were no differences between the various sleep stages .
When the sleep architecture was studied in more detail taking into account to CAP ( cyclic alternating pattern ) phases a higher increase in C / C -r during the CAP A1 phase than during CAP B phase was found .
Thus networks features can change during a cognitive task as well as under the influence of sleep .
However , there is preliminary evidence that network properties have strong ' trait ' characteristics as well .
Dirk Smit et al. applied graph analysis to no -task EEG recordings in a large sample of 732 healthy subjects , consisting of mono and dizygotic twins and their siblings ( Smit et al , 2006 ) [ 120 ] .
In a previous study it was already shown that the mean SL has a strong genetic component , especially in the alpha band ( Posthuma et al. , 2005 ) [ 121 ] .
In the study of Smit et al , both C and L in showed substantial and significant heritability in theta , alpha1 , alpha2 , beta1 , beta2 and beta 3 bands .
Furthermore , small - world like properties of the theta and beta band connectivity were related to individual differences in verbal comprehension [ 120 ] .
The change in network properties during a physiological change in level of consciousness such as sleep raises the question whether network properties might also be affected by pathological changes in consciousness such as occur during epileptic seizures .
Two modelling studies have pointed at the importance of network topology for spread of epileptic activity in a network [ 72 , 74 ] .
A first preliminary report on network analysis of EEG depth recordings in a single patient during an epileptic seizure was published by Wu and Guan [ 122 ] .
The authors constructed graphs with N = 30 by using both channels ( six ) and different frequency bands ( five ) to construct un weighted networks with degrees varying from 4 – 7 .
The bispectrum was used to extract phase coupling information form the EEG .
During the seizure a change in network configuration was detected in the direction of a small - world network : there was an increase in C and a decrease of L. Conversely , one might argue that the preceding interictal network was relatively more random .
In a larger study Ponten et al. investigated seven patients during temporal lobe seizures recorded with intracranial depth electrodes [ 123 ] .
EEG time series filtered in various frequency bands were analysed with the synchronization likelihood , and the SL matrices were converted to unweighted graphs with a fixed degree of 6 .
A slightly modified definition of L was used ( L was defined as the harmonic mean instead of the arithmetic mean of the shortest path lengths : see section 3.1 of this paper ) which dealt conveniently with the problem of disconnected points .
During seizures the ratio C/ C-r increased in delta , theta and alpha bands ; L/L-r also increased in the same bands .
Thus ictal changes reflected a movement away from a random interictal towards a more ordered ictal network configuration .
This suggests that epilepsy might perhaps be characterized be interictal networks with a pathological random structure .
Such a random structure has an even lower threshold for the spreading of seizures than the normal small - world configuration ( random networks are more synchronizable than small - world networks : see [ 60 , 61 ] . ) ; the results of Bartolomei et al . [ 115 ] .
seem to be in agreement with this hypothesis and suggest that ' network randomisation ' might be a general result of brain damage .
Needless to say that this bold hypothesis has to be explored in further studies .
Larger text size Large text size Regular text size
Print
Start " The Talk " Early
Today , kids are exposed to so much information about sex and relationships on TV and the Internet that by the time they approach puberty , they may be familiar with some advanced ideas .
And yet , talking about the issues of puberty remains an important job for parents because not all of a child 's information comes from reliable sources .
Do n't wait for your child to come to you with questions about his or her changing body — that day may never arrive , especially if your child does n't know it 's OK talk to you about this sensitive topic .
Ideally , as a parent , you 've already started talking to your kids about the changes our bodies go through as we grow .
Since the toddler years , kids have questions and most of your discussions probably come about as the result of your child 's inquiries .
It 's important to answer these questions about puberty honestly and openly — but do n't always wait for your child to initiate a discussion .
By the time kids are 8 years old , they should know what physical and emotional changes are associated with puberty .
That may seem young , but consider this : some girls are wearing training bras by then and some boys ' voices begin to change just a few years later .
The Timing With Boys and Girls
With girls , it 's vital that parents talk about menstruation before their daughters actually get their periods .
If they are unaware of what 's happening , girls can be frightened by the sight and location of the blood .
Most girls get their first period when they 're 12 or 13 years old , which is about 2 or 2 ½ years after they begin puberty .
But some get their periods as early as age 9 , while others get it as late as age 16 .
On average , boys begin going through puberty a little later than girls , usually around age 10 or 11 .
But they may begin to develop sexually or have their first ejaculation without looking older .
Just as it helps adults to know what to expect with changes such as moving to a new home or working for a new company , kids should know about puberty ahead of time .
Many kids receive some sex education at school .
Often , though , the lessons are segregated , and the girls hear primarily about menstruation and training bras while the boys hear about erections and changing voices .
It 's important that girls learn about the changes boys go through and boys learn about those affecting girls , so check with teachers about their lesson plans so you know what gaps need to be filled .
It 's a good idea to review the lessons with your child , since kids often still have questions about certain topics .
What to Say
When talking to kids about puberty , it 's important to be reassuring .
Puberty brings about so many changes that it 's easy for kids to feel insecure and alone .
Often , kids entering puberty feel insecure about their appearance , but it can help them to know that everyone goes through these changes , many of them awkward .
They also should know that the timing of these changes can vary greatly .
Acne , mood changes , growth spurts , and hormonal changes — it 's all part of growing up and everyone goes through it , but not always at the same pace .
Girls may begin puberty as early as second or third grade , and it can be upsetting if your daughter is the first one to get a training bra , for example .
She may feel alone and awkward or like all eyes are on her in the school locker room .
With boys , changes include the cracking and then deepening of the voice , and the growth of facial hair .
And just as with girls , if your son is an early bloomer , he may feel awkward or like he's the subject of stares from his classmates .
Kids should know the following about puberty :
Girls become more rounded , especially in the hips and legs .
Girls ' breasts begin to swell and then grow , sometimes one faster than the other
Girls and boys get pubic hair and underarm hair , and their leg hair becomes thicker and darker .
Both girls and boys often get acne and start to sweat more .
Both girls and boys have a growth spurt .
Boys ' penises and testicles grow larger .
Boys ' voices change and become deeper .
Boys grow facial hair and their muscles get bigger .
Boys sometimes have wet dreams , which means they ejaculate in their sleep .
When a girl begins menstruating , once a month , her uterine lining fills with blood in preparation for a fertilized egg .
If the egg is n't fertilized , she will have a period .
If it is fertilized , she will become pregnant .
A girl 's period may last 3 days to a week , and she can use sanitary napkins ( pads ) or tampons to absorb the blood .
Common Questions
Not surprisingly , kids usually have lots of questions as they learn about puberty .
It 's important to make sure you give your child the time and opportunity to ask questions — and answer them as honestly and thoroughly as possible .
Some of the most common questions are :
Questions Answers
What is this hard lump in my breast ?
Girls may notice small , sometimes tender lumps beneath their nipples as their breasts are beginning to develop .
This is perfectly normal .
The firmness and tenderness will go away in time as the breasts continue to enlarge .
Why are my breasts so small ( or so large ) ?
Breast size is different from girl to girl .
Reassure your daughter that , big or small , all breasts are beautiful .
It can be hard for girls to appreciate this since they develop at different times and rates .
The size and shape of a girl 's breasts will change as she continues to develop .
But in the end , size wo n't affect her attractiveness or ability to breastfeed if she becomes a mother someday .
Why is my penis so small ( or so large ) ?
With boys , the focus can be on the penis .
Since not all boys develop at the same time or rate , your son may feel like he is too big or too small .
His size will change as he continues to develop .
Penises come in different sizes and shapes , but there are a lot less differences in size when penises are erect than when they 're not .
Why do n't I have pubic hair yet ?
Everyone develops pubic hair , although some teens get it later than others .
Just as with breast size or height , the amount or thickness of pubic hair is an individual trait .
I 'm a boy , so why am I getting breasts ?
Some boys experience temporary breast growth during puberty .
The condition , called gynecomastia , is caused by changing hormone levels during puberty .
It usually disappears , often within a few months to a couple of years .
Why have n't I gotten my period yet ?
As with all of the changes in puberty , periods come at different times for different girls .
Girls usually do n't get their periods until 2 or 2 ½ years after starting puberty , so if your daughter started puberty later than other girls , she will probably get her period later than other girls as well .
Some girls may not get their periods until they 're 16 .
This is usually normal , although it can be tough for them when all of their friends have already gotten their periods .
Other Tips for Talking
Let your child know that you 're available any time to talk .
But it 's also important to initiate conversations , too .
As a parent , it 's your job to try to discuss puberty — and the feelings associated with those changes — as openly as possible .
While you might feel embarrassed or awkward discussing these sensitive topics , your child probably will be relieved to have you take the lead once in a while .
This can be easier if you 're confident that you know the subject matter .
So before you answer your child 's questions , make sure your own questions have been answered .
If you 're not entirely comfortable having a conversation about puberty , practice what you want to say first .
Let your child know that it may be a little uncomfortable to discuss , but it 's an important talk to have .
If there are questions or concerns about puberty and development that you can't answer , ask your child 's doctor for advice .
OSKAR EUSTIS was bleeding .
He walked into the Noho Star restaurant in the East Village for an 8:30 a.m. interview , on time and smiling , and with a seeping gash over his right eye that had turned half his face and both forearms red .
Bicycle accident on the way over , he explained , before excusing himself to go to the restroom .
Multimedia Slide Show People.s Theater Related Times Topics : Public Theater Enlarge This Image Sara Krulwich / The New York Times From near left , Oskar Eustis , Michael Stuhlbarg , Jay O. Sanders and Margaret Colin rehearsing .
Hamlet ..
More Photos .
When he returned , the gash was still oozing generously and his hands were still peppered with gravel and dried blood .
But he was currently in the middle of rehearsals for .
Hamlet , . the first of the Public Theater .s
Shakespeare in the Park productions this summer and the only play he is directing this season ; rescheduling would have been a near impossibility .
And there was something , some glimmer in his eye , that made you suspect he got a kick out of it .
The bearish and engaging Mr. Eustis , 49 , is finishing his third season as artistic director of the Public , one of the most demanding jobs in the theater universe .
The theater .s mission , as defined by its founder , Joseph Papp , is nothing less than . a theater for all New Yorkers ..
For Papp that meant an institution that was as accessible to as many as possible , that engaged directly with the social and political issues of the day and that reflected the wide cultural , ethnic and economic diversity of New York on its stages and in its audiences .
But in the 54 years since that mission was declared , it has gone from being a radical manifesto to standard operating procedure in the nonprofit New York theater world , at least in a somewhat watered - down form : cheap - ticket programs abound , major institutional theaters are adding black - box theaters for new works , and minority casting has become the norm .
None of this has diluted the importance of the Public Theater , Mr. Eustis said .
.
You get these different institutions that do different pieces of what the Public is supposed to do , . he explained .
.
But the Public is the only place that puts all of them together ..
In interviews with people in the theater industry inside and outside the Public .
many of whom declined to speak for attribution because in the small world of theater there is a common fear of jeopardizing future opportunities .
there was near - unanimous praise for Mr. Eustis .s energy and his stated goals .
Agreement was less universal , though , on how successful he had been in acting on these goals , with complaints that his promises have fallen short both in dealings with individual artists and in pursuing the Public .s mission at large .
Granted , it is impossible to do the job perfectly , and no one has .
When Mr. Eustis came to the Public in 2005 , it had just managed to steer itself out of a crisis .
An economic downturn combined with a couple of bad bets on Broadway highlighted the theater .s deep - seated and nearly fatal administrative weaknesses .
These problems had been allowed to fester for years , during which the nearly $ 50 million the Public took in from its Broadway transfer of .
A Chorus Line , . gave it no pressing reason to put its finances in order .
That crisis , which hit hardest in 2001 , was due in large part to decisions made by the hyperkinetic George C. Wolfe , who ran the Public from 1993 to 2005 .
But it was also because of Mr. Wolfe that the Public Theater still managed to enjoy a healthy decade even after .
A Chorus Line. closed in 1990 .
Mr. Wolfe almost single - handedly brought the theater out of the fiscal doldrums he had found it in , eliminating a budget deficit and almost quintupling the endowment that remained after Papp.s death in 1991 and JoAnne Akalaitis .s subsequent 20 - month tenure as artistic director .
Mr. Wolfe also aligned the Public with his stated vision of . a mongrel American theater , .
championing new playwrights and turning the Public into what was probably the most racially diverse theater in the country .
Naysayers liked to complain that he ran the Public as a production company for his own shows , but few disputed that in the mid-1990s the theater was a success .
As often happens , however , bust followed boom .
In the middle of Mr. Wolfe .s tenure two of his several Broadway transfers , . The Wild Party .
and .
On the Town , . flopped badly , losing $ 14 million of the Public .s money just as the country headed into a recession .
With the endowment plunging and deficits increasing , Mr. Wolfe and his staff cut the theater .s annual summer Shakespeare in the Park two - show season down to one and laid off a fifth of the staff .
At the same time the traditionally complacent trustees stepped up , bringing in an executive director to take control of fiscal issues so Mr. Wolfe could focus on artistic matters .
After the first hire lasted less than a year , in 2002 the board hired Mara Manus , a program officer for economic development at the Ford Foundation .
Post a comment copyright 2007 Expression Engine
It took a year for the love affair between fans and the Apple iPhone to sour .
The original iPhone was greeted with round - the - block queues and near - universal praise .
But its 3G successor has not fared quite so well .
Within a fortnight of going on sale , complaints started to appear online from users who found the handset could not make it through the day without a recharge .
The 2G iPhone was designed to last for eight hours of normal use ; on anecdotal evidence , the 3G version gets about five hours .
On top of that , people in the US and in some other countries found that their handsets kept dropping calls .
Blogger Darlene McNeill claimed she went from a Nokia Series 60 phone to the 3G iPhone and back in less than two weeks because the battery life " just could n't cut it " .
Yet , in its tests with consumers , Strategy Analytics found the iPhone 's battery held up well , although 3G phones generally do not last as long on one charge as 2G handsets .
Standby time on the phone is average for a 3G handset ; talk time is generally better .
" As a phone , it 's in the right ball park , " says Neil Mawston , associate director at Strategy Analytics .
The iPhone 's power problem revolves around its big selling point : how it handles data and internet access .
Apple built a device that makes people want to use those services , but they suck the life out of the battery .
Apple was perhaps not prepared for the users who love the iPhone too much .
" Because it is such a feature - rich device , people are using more of the functions than they would on a smartphone - type device , " reckons Doug McEuen , senior analyst at ABI Research .
" Traditional [ mobile ] phones have been designed to cope just with voice and SMS .
The iPhone came along with lots of data - intensive applications and features and they , naturally , consume more battery power , " Mawston says .
Running on empty
Manufacturers do not yet understand how data usage affects battery life .
" It is going to be trial - and - error at this stage , " says McEuen .
Some weaknesses could just be own goals .
Gartner analyst Ken Delaney found a weak spot in how the iPhone deals with email pushed from servers running Microsoft Exchange .
" We seldom experienced a full day of use , " Delaney wrote in a report on iPhone use for business .
That was with limited browsing and no telephone calls ( Note : paid - for report ) .
Apple is not alone .
Microsoft had to fix its version of Exchange for push email on Windows Mobile because of a similar problem , according to Delaney .
Firmware changes are likely to address some of the applications that drain the battery , and Apple urges users to keep the product up - to - date for this reason .
A firmware update could also solve the problem of dropped calls , although 3G experts are unsure whether the breaks in service are down to the wireless networks , the phone or interactions between the two .
T - Mobile in the Netherlands at first blamed the phone , then claimed the problem is still under investigation .
In the UK , O2 says it tested the phone extensively before launch but found no appreciable difference in behaviour to other phones .
Francis Sideco , an analyst at iSuppli , says Apple and others have to go further to improve the performance of handsets and make software energy - aware .
As more people use the data services , they are going to find their handsets running out of juice unless the manufacturers can find power savings :
" They have accelerometers in there , so they can detect if the phone has moved at all .
If it has n't moved , there is no need to get an update from the GPS . "
With its $ 275 m ( £ 148 m ) purchase of chip - design company PA Semi in June , Apple indicated it wants to have much more control over the iPhone hardware and power efficiency is the most likely beneficiary .
Allan Yogasingam , technology analyst at TechOnline , says the purchase is a major change in direction for a company that prefers to use off - the - shelf silicon , often using older parts to keep costs down .
Don Scansen , technology analyst at Semiconductor Insights , agrees : " Apple 's value is all about the software .
They do n't need cutting - edge technology to do it . "
Apple 's decision to delve into processor design appears to be tied to an unusual licence deal that ARM revealed at the end of July .
Apple will not say whether it took out the licence and ARM chief executive Warren East says the mystery licensee demanded confidentiality .
An architecture licence makes it possible for designers to alter the inner workings of the processor , although they cannot sacrifice binary compatibility with other ARM cores .
Almost all chipmakers prefer to buy the ready - made designs produced by ARM .
" We offer this as a choice , " East says .
" You can see by the number of architectural licences that we have that we do n't go out of our way to sell them . "
In 1995 , Digital Equipment became the first company to buy an ARM architecture licence .
The result was the StrongARM .
This processor ran four times faster than the ARM processors but needed 40 % less power to run each instruction .
Dan Dobberpuhl , a processor designer , led the Digital team up to its 1999 sale to Intel , where the StrongARM mutated into the XScale .
Founding PA in 2005 , Dobberpuhl recruited a number of the original project 's engineers to help build the 150 - strong chip - design company .
Almost 15 years later , the PA team looks ready to repeat the feat .
Jim Tully , vice - president at consultancy Gartner , speculates : " If they found a way of really reducing the power dissipation such that other companies had to go to a new generation of silicon to get the same power reduction , that would allow Apple to stay on a lower - cost technology for longer . "
Sideco points to the new generation of multicore processors as a way of making the hardware more efficient .
Apple wants its Grand Central project to improve software speed on Macs by spreading the workload across processors .
In a mobile device , there is another option .
If each processor can run slower because many of them are working in parallel , you can design them to use far less power .
And you can turn off processor cores completely if the phone is just ticking over .
Lower cruise speeds
" The car companies have done the same thing .
If you are cruising down the highway , they shut down four out of the eight cylinders to save fuel , " Sideco explains .
Designing the new processor chip will take time .
Linley Gwennap of The Linley Group , an analyst , says : " For this sort of chip , it could take anywhere from one year to two years to get to having the first test chips .
It 's closer to three years before I would expect to see an iPhone that had any kind of Apple - designed chip in there . "
The project could cost between $ 40 m and $ 60 m , Gwennap estimates , based on the amount PA raised from venture capitalists to design its first processor .
Despite the credentials of the PA team , Gwennap says it is hard to see how Apple could really steal a march on other experienced chipmakers : " There are a lot of smart people focusing on low power at a lot of companies . "
By designing its own processor - possibly with many ARM cores onboard - Apple may be able to use its control over the iPhone software to achieve power savings that users of off - the - shelf silicon cannot .
In the meantime , Apple will have to provide smarter software to deliver the battery life heavy users of the internet demand .
Yes , I hate politics .
That may surprise some of you .
After all , I administer The Liberty Papers , and you ’d be likely to wonder why someone who administers a political blog can hate politics so much .
But politics is a dirty , nasty business , and nothing makes that more clear than the Stormfront fiasco .
Back in the thick of the Republican nomination process , Don Black of a racist group called Stormfront donated $ 500 to Ron Paul ’s campaign , and the campaign kept the money .
At the time , they were widely criticized for this decision , largely by other libertarians ( including a few who contribute to this blog ) .
I myself tried to stay out of the fray , but eventually penned a post discussing why I thought Ron Paul was morally correct but politically inept .
I specifically stated that the money in Ron Paul ’s hands is a lot more of a force for good than the money in Don Black ’s hands .
Ron Paul would be likely to put it to a more liberty - friendly use than Don Black , and thus he was morally correct to keep the money and not return it to Black .
But from a political standpoint , keeping the money raises a lot of questions about whether or not it means Ron Paul actually agrees with Don Black , even though his history shows that he does n’t .
And it was Ron Paul ’s attempt to play by moral rules rather than political rules that scuttled his campaign .
That ’s why I hate politics .
You see , in politics the rules do n’t follow logic , nor ethics , and certainly do n’t reward honesty .
Ron Paul made a cardinal sin , not only in this instance , but in his entire campaign– he actually stated what he believes !
You see , Ron Paul is a principled and honest person , and was more than willing to treat potential voters like adults .
He ’s willing to explain what he believes and then explain why .
And that just does n’t fly in the political arena .
Ron Paul would tell you what he thought on most issues .
On half of his issues , it annoyed conservatives and made them think he was n’t “ one of them ” .
On the other half , it annoyed libertarians and made them think he was n’t “ one of them ” .
For law - and - order conservatives , the idea that we should scrap the PATRIOT act and RealID , end the war on drugs , and no longer act as the world ’s policeman made them think Ron Paul was “ soft ” .
For libertarians ( a movement known for cannibalizing their own ) , his positions on immigration and abortion were a major sticking point , making many believe that he was libertarian on many issues but not quite libertarian “ enough ” .
Each time he opened his mouth , he alienated another voting bloc , simply by being honest about his principles .
Contrast this with Bob Barr .
I suggested when I saw Barr ’s appearance on The Colbert Report that I thought his response to the question about the war on drugs was duplicitous .
He could clearly have stated that he was against the war on drugs as an infringement of personal liberty .
But that might have scared away the conservatives .
He could have claimed that the war on drugs should be fought on the state and local level , where it would be more effective than at the federal level , but that would have caused us more doctrinaire libertarians to believe his conversion was n’t genuine .
So he tried to play the middle ground and claim the “ current ” war on drugs is n’t working , but without really stating any belief .
And it worked !
In the comments to my post , I saw different readers interpret his response through their own ideological spectrum .
He was able to play the middle ground with his answer , and everyone came off thinking that he agreed with their own preconceived notions .
In fact , this is what makes Barack Obama such a masterful politician .
In the early months of the Democratic nomination process , he was very bland about wanting “ change ” but without really getting into definite principles .
I heard libertarians , Republicans , and Democrats who all interpreted his comments as if he would pursue policies similar to what they desired .
Which brings me back to Bob Barr and Stormfront .
Stormfront attempted to donate to Barr ’s campaign , to see what would occur ( and likely , to try to gain publicity for themselves ) .
Bob Barr played the political side of this to the book .
In fact , he overplayed it .
Listen to the tone of his campaign ’s response to Stormfront ( which drew praise from my fellow contributor Doug ) :
The Barr campaign is not going to be a vehicle for every fringe and hate group to promote itself .
We do not want and will not accept the support of haters .
Anyone with love in their heart for our country and for every resident of our country regardless of race , religion , nationality or sexual orientation is welcome with open arms .
Tell the haters I said do n’t let the door hit you on the backside on your way out !
Particularly in that last sentence , you see the “ Look at how politically smart we are !
We hate racists as much as fellow libertarians do ! ” tone .
Which is fine , and which is how I ’d hope a campaign to feel about giving the donation back .
But the self - congratulatory nature of the statement was purely for political effect .
Bob Barr understand the rules of politics much better than Ron Paul .
He follows the rules , and those people who accept the “ game ” applaud him for playing it well .
Ron Paul rejects the rules of the game , and acts accordingly .
This caused his supporters to respect him , but they never quite realized that his refusal to play by the rules would n’t inspire quite the same response in non-politicos .
The political game is pure farce from start to finish .
To win , you need to be a megalomaniacal sociopath .
You need to care more about winning than about principle .
You need to be a chameleon , telling every group you ’re in front of that you ’re going to do exactly what they expect you to do .
And above all , you need to hide your true beliefs , because every expression of opinion turns off some voters .
So where do I stand this political cycle ?
I do n’t care which unprincipled chameleon gets elected .
I simply do n’t believe either of them are the lesser of evils .
They ’re just taking us down a different lane on the highway to ruin .
My personal goal here at The Liberty Papers is to point out that the system itself is flawed .
I do my best to try not to blog about elections ; rather I point out that elections are n’t actually going to solve the problem the candidates promise to solve .
We ’ll never get out of this hole by trying to elect a savior .
Rather , we need to understand that the government can’t save us , and get off our asses and do it ourselves .
