What 1960s mantra continues to cause harm even today ?
The rhetoric of ' collective guilt ' over individual responsibility , most recently epitomized by the murders of innocent Virginia Tech students .
Someone recently said that mass shootings , such as those at Virginia Tech or Columbine High School , are largely a phenomenon of the 1960s and afterwards .
If so , these tragedies can be added to the long list of disastrous consequences of the heady notions and extravagant rhetoric of that decade .
What was there in the 1960s vision of the world that could possibly lead anyone to consider it right to shoot at individuals who had done nothing to him ?
Collective guilt is one of the legacies of the 1960s that is still with us .
We are still seeing a guilt trip for slavery being laid on people who never owned a slave in their lives , and who would be repelled by the very idea of owning a slave .
Back in the 1960s , it was considered Deep Stuff among the intelligentsia to say that American society — all of us collectively — were somehow responsible for the assassinations of the Kennedy brothers and Martin Luther King .
During the 1960s , the idea spread like wildfire that whatever you were lacking was someone else ’s fault — society ’s fault .
If you were poor , whether at home or in some Third World country , you were one of the “ dispossessed ” — even if you had never possessed anything to dispossess you of .
The urban ghetto riots that swept across the country during the 1960s were all blamed on society .
This view was formalized in a much - hailed report on urban violence by a national “ blue ribbon ” commission headed by Governor Otto Kerner of Illinois .
President Lyndon Johnson likewise blamed urban violence on social conditions , saying : “ All of us know what those conditions are : ignorance , discrimination , slums , poverty , disease , not enough jobs . ”
This sweeping and heady vision made it unnecessary to stoop to anything so mundane as hard facts — which would have included the fact that urban riots struck most often and most violently when and where this collective guilt vision prevailed .
Southern cities , where at that time discrimination and poverty were more pronounced than in the rest of the country , were not nearly as often or as hard - hit as cities outside the South .
Detroit , which suffered the most deadly of all the ghetto riots of the 1960s , with 43 deaths , had an unemployment rate among blacks of 3.4 percent — which was lower than the national unemployment rate among whites .
Chicago , where Mayor Richard J. Daley was not buying the liberal guilt trips of the time , was one of the few big Northern cities to escape the wave of riots that swept across the country in 1967 .
The kinds of mass urban riots that occurred all across the country during Lyndon Johnson ’s administration became virtually unknown during the eight years of the Reagan administration , which projected a completely different vision of the world .
But , then as now , facts often came in a poor second to heady visions and sweeping rhetoric .
If other people are somehow responsible for whatever is lacking in your life , lashing out at random against individuals who have done nothing to you personally can sound plausible to many people .
Whether or not the latest mass killings at Virginia Tech were a result of medically verifiable insanity , there have always been insane people but there have not always been mass killings with the frequency we have seen since 1960 .
Nor is gun control the magic answer , as often suggested by the same kind of people who believe in collective responsibility instead of individual responsibility .
Since murder is illegal everywhere , why would someone who is unwilling to obey the law against murder be willing to obey a law against getting a gun — which is easy to get illegally ?
One of the many hard facts that get overlooked by those impressed by visions and rhetoric is that mass shootings almost invariably occur in gun- free zones like schools , workplaces , or houses of worship .
When has a mass killer opened fire on a meeting of the National Rifle Association or fired on a group of hunters ?
Instead of banning guns , maybe we should rethink 1960s dogmas .
Thomas Sowell is a Senior Fellow at The Hoover Institution at Stanford University in California .
He has published dozens of books on economics , education , race , and other topics .
His most recent book is Black Rednecks and White Liberals , in which he argues that " internal " cultural habits of industriousness , thriftiness , family solidarity , and reverence for education often play a greater role in the success of ethnic minorities than do civil - rights laws or majority prejudices .
welcome to our store
With a Square Cat Habitat product , your cats and interior décor can live in harmony .
Say goodbye to ugly cat towers and hello to our contemporary cat furniture .
If you ’re looking for cool cat trees or a modern cat tower , you ’ve come to the right place .
We create long - lasting and eco-friendly modern cat furniture to accent your modern décor .
All of our unique cat furniture is made in the USA .
We use only the highest quality eco-friendly materials , keeping your cat safe while also minimizing your impact on the planet .
We sell both wall and floor products , including :
Cat perch
Climbing shelves
Wall - mounted and floor cat scratch pad
Cat trees
Cat towers
We even sell a cat home that doubles as a shoe bench .
Our designer cat furniture not only provides your cat with entertainment but also looks flawless in your home .
You ’ll also find insert replacements in our store , ensuring that your cat never runs out of scratch - friendly material .
All of our products are made with cat - friendly material that fit perfectly into a modern home .
From the modern cat tower to unique cat trees , each item is made with neutral colors and is available in sizes that suit both large and small homes with many colors to choose from .
Do n’t go another day with cat furniture that turns your home into an eyesore .
Browse our high - end cat furniture to find products that not only make your cat happy but also maintain your home ’s cohesive and modern look .
Making a simple Savonius wind turbine
by Lance Turner
T
While solar would seem like the ideal solution , quite often this is not possible due to location and shading problems .
Just such a situation arose when I decided to make our new gates automatic .
There were just too many trees in the way for solar power to work , and I did n’t want to run power some 30 metres or so from the house , as it would have meant digging a trench for the cables , which is almost impossible in our rocky ground .
Why have automatic gates anyway ?
Well , our driveway and the one next door share a common entrance , so to open the gates we have to block their driveway .
Also , the driveways are very steep , and starting off driving up from a standstill is not too good for the vehicle ’s clutch .
Besides , when an opportunity arises to install some form of new renewable energy device , how can I say no ?
Anyway , I decided to provide power to the electric gate openers from a small wind turbine .
While we do n’t have many windy days , we do have one or two each fortnight where the wind blasts through for at least 24 hours solid , so I guessed that I should be able to power a device with such modest power requirements as a gate opener in this way .
The gate opener system itself is a home - made job , using car windscreen wiper motors driving long brass threaded shafts .
These run through a nut which is attached to the gate via a steel tube , bolt and two metal rackets .
The motors are hinged , and when they are run they either push the nut away from them or pull it toward them , thus opening and closing the gates .
The control circuit for this is a kit purchased from Oatley Electronics in Sydney , and includes a courtesy light function , remote control , and motor current sensing .
Too much turbulence
This type of vertical axis rotor is very robust and durable if built correctly , is relatively slow turning and can be easily built at home , without the hassles of aerofoil blade design and other problems associated with horizontal axis ‘ propeller ’ type turbines .
What ’s more , unlike a horizontal axis turbine , a Savonius is always facing the wind , and more importantly for this site , is not badly affected by turbulence , which is quite high where the turbine had to be located .
As can be seen from the photo , the turbine is mounted quite low due to it being on a residential block .
While this is far from optimal , it should provide enough power for the gate openers providing it is used with a battery of relatively high capacity .
Making the turbine
The axle for the rotor was a length of 40 mm diameter water pipe .
This runs straight through the centre of all three disks , and the inner edge of each of the rotor vanes are riveted to it .
In the bottom end of the axle I pressed in ( read hammered ) an aluminium adapter bushing to allow the turbine to be connected directly to a generator .
The final assembly was very strong and rigid and was surprisingly well balanced .
While a central axle shaft is not considered optimal design for a Savonius rotor , it does have advantages , such as increasing turbine strength and allowing easy alignment in multi-stage rotors .
Savonius design
There are several variations of Savonius rotor that I have seen , all of which work well .
The efficiency of a Savonius is only around 15 per cent but they are ideal for many situations .
Some variations are shown below , looking down from the top of the turbine .
This is the design I used .
It is very strong due to the central shaft , but sligtly less efficient than the other two .
However , the extra strength allows the rotor to be supported at one end only .
This design is also very simple , and can also be made easily from metal drums or pipe sections .
The design is slightly more efficient than the one above as some of the air is deflected by the second vane as it exits the first one .
This is the most efficient Savonius design .
It not only has the advantage of air being deflected twice like the design above , but also that the vanes act partly like an airfoil when they are edge - on into the wind , creating a small lift effect and thus enhancing efficiency .
This design is much more difficult to build , requiring vanes rolled from metal sheet instead of being cut from drums or pipes .
Generating the power
The rotor slides directly onto the end of the motor shaft , and is held in place with a stainless steel bolt .
In this design , I decided to see if I could do away with having a top bearing .
The bearings in the tape drive motor are at least as strong as the average car alternator bearing , and the local bearing shop gave me specs that indicate that most bearings this size will take a radial load ( the load the wind would place on the bearing ) of up to 450 kg , and an axial load ( the load from the rotor ’s weight ) of up to 45kg .
This was heaps for my uses , so I decided to leave out the top bearing and see how the turbine went .
The mast
By itself , this would not have been strong enough , as the end cap would have flexed and eventually broken through , so I attached three short braces made from 25 x 25 x 3 plastic angle to the other end of the generator .
These were fixed to the motor using machine screws into the bottom end plate , and point out away from the centre of the generator .
The overall diameter of the circle they make is the same as that of the inside of the pipe , so that when the generator is slid into the pipe the whole assembly is quite solid .
Hopefully , this will be all that is required , but I suspect that the end cap may still not be quite strong enough , so I might have to replace it with a metal equivalent further down the track .
Voltage matching
Some time back a circuit was published in one of the electronics magazines that allowed a 12 volt battery to be charged from another .
This was used for charging small sealed - lead acid batteries from a car battery , and involved a switchmode step - up circuit to provide a regulated 13.8 volts or so from 12 volts from the car battery .
I have built several of these from various suppliers , and they work quite well .
The one I used I already had from another disused project , so I tested it and found that it would output the required 13.8 volts from as little as four volts in .
This kit was originally bought from Jaycar Electronics , who no longer sell it , but they do have a pre-built module called a solar power converter , cat # AA - 0259 , that will take an input voltage from one to ten volts and charge a 12 volt battery — perfect for uses such as this .
The unit seemed ideal for my turbine so I connected it to the generator and tested it .
At under 200 RPM I was getting full charging voltage , with available current increasing as rotor speed increased .
Final assembly
The mast and turbine were both painted green to help them blend in with their surroundings .
The photos show the turbine before its paint job .
To prevent water getting into the generator bearing , a skirt will be attached around the perimeter of the bottom of the turbine .
The DC motor fitted to the plastic end cap which holds it to the mast .
Front view of the motor .
Note the threaded holes in the face plate .
This rear view shows the three plastic angle sections used to make the motor a tight fit in the mast .
Here you can see the whole motor and rotor assembly before fitting to the mast and painting .
Note how the vanes in the top section are rotated 90° to those in the bottom section , and the motor does not yet have the plastic angle sections attached .
Costs
The only other expenses were a dollar or two worth of paint and rivets and $ 5 for a bag of concrete .
( Or " I , for one , welcome our new cyber - mouse overlords ! " )
Ahoy , BoingBoing readers !
I was going to update this anyway , but with the BB link , it 's extra-important : this is a simulation of a cortical network with the size , link complexity and signal activity of a mouse brain , but without the structure -- so , arguably , it is n't a really a simulated mouse brain , but a functional platform upon which a mouse brain sim could run .
Depending upon your perspective , this is a minor quibble or makes all the difference .
It 's hard to see this as anything but a distant early warning of some pretty remarkable changes on the near horizon .
IBM researchers James Frye , Rajagopal Ananthanarayanan , and Dharmendra S. Modha assembled a simulated mouse cortical hemisphere ( that is , a functional half of a mouse brain ) on one of the smaller BlueGene / L supercomputers .
They then ran the simulation -- at ten seconds of computer processing equal to one second of brain function .
In other words : they ran a simulated mouse brain at 1/10 time .
Neurobiologically realistic , large - scale cortical and sub-cortical simulations are bound to play a key role in computational neuroscience and its applications to cognitive computing .
One hemisphere of the mouse cortex has roughly 8,000,000 neurons and 8,000 synapses per neuron .
Modeling at this scale imposes tremendous constraints on computation , communication , and memory capacity of any computing platform .
We have designed and implemented a massively parallel cortical simulator with ( a ) phenomenological spiking neuron models ; ( b ) spike - timing dependent plasticity ; and ( c ) axonal delays .
We deployed the simulator on a 4096 - processor BlueGene / L supercomputer with 256 MB per CPU .
We were able to represent 8,000,000 neurons ( 80 % excitatory ) and 6,300 synapses per neuron in the 1 TB main memory of the system .
Using a synthetic pattern of neuronal interconnections , at a 1 ms resolution and an average firing rate of 1
Hz , we were able to run 1s of model time in 10s of real time !
The team published the write - up in the February 5 , 2007 , edition of Computer Science ; a PDF is available of the one - page research report , providing a few technical details .
The human brain has some 100 billion neurons , so this mouse brain simulation is still about 1/12,500 of a simulated human brain .
That may sound like a daunting challenge , until a glance at computer history makes clear that such computational capabilities will likely be possible on within 20 years , easily , if not even sooner .
But well before that point , we 'll be able to run simulations of animal brains at accelerated speeds , raising a provocative test of just how important raw cognitive speed is to the emergence of artificial intelligence .
Would an accelerated mouse brain simulation simply be a fast - calculating mouse , or will it have other properties and capabilities deriving from the sheer speed ?
Which would be smarter -- a 6,000X faster mouse brain sim , or a 1/2 - speed human brain sim ?
Some of that is going to depend upon how much of the simulation models actual brain structure , rather than simply the number of connections .
That 's likely to be crucial .
The brain is n't simply a haphazard mass of neural junctions , and a functional structure simulation may well prove to be a far greater challenge than simply getting the neural connection sim working .
Still , this is not an unsolvable problem , by any extent .
But this raises the question of whatt kinds of programming will be possible with these simulated brains .
The IBM simulation simply showed that a functional simulation was possible ; evidently , they did n't try to do anything with the cyber - mouse .
It 's not entirely clear what could be done with it .
We 're now on the brink of facing a question that had , in the past , been essentially the province of science fiction :
How does one program a simulated mind ?
( Thanks to Miron for the tip ! )
Bush cabinet secretary seeks meeting with dead Senator
Michael Roston
Published : Friday June 8 , 2007 Print This Email This
A member of President George W. Bush 's cabinet sought a private meeting with Senator Craig Thomas of Wyoming on Thursday afternoon , according to a blog entry at the Washington Post .
Thomas passed away on Monday night from complications related to leukemia .
" Maybe Health and Human Services Secretary Mike Leavitt and his staff are just in denial .
Or maybe they do n't read the papers , thus missing the sad news that Sen. Craig Thomas ( R - Wyo. ) died Monday , seven months after he was diagnosed with leukemia , " wrote Mary Ann Akers at her blog ' The Sleuth . '
" Whatever the case , Leavitt 's office called Thomas 's office late Thursday afternoon to request a meeting with the late senator . "
Akers shared the text of an e-mail written by a member of Senator Thomas 's staff after receiving the request .
" Oh yeah , note to Secretary Levitt 's [ sic ] office : Senator Thomas passed on Monday , 4 June .
You may want to pass that along to his staff especially after they called today to get a meeting with the late Senator , " the Thomas staffer wrote .
A spokesman for the late Thomas , Cameron Hardy , explained that HHS was probably following up on an earlier request to meet with the Wyoming Republican .
" HHS was following up with us because they had n't heard from us since early May , " Akers reports him saying .
The full entry can be read at Akers ' blog .
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact : media@dcaclu.org
WASHINGTON – The American Civil Liberties Union applauds today ’s filing of an amendment to the Department of Defense authorization bill that would close the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay .
As the Senate debates the defense measure , which authorizes the Department of Defense for the next fiscal year , the American public is ensured that a debate and vote on the closure of Guantanamo Bay will now occur .
The amendment was put forth by Senators Feinstein , Harkin , Dodd , Clinton , Brown , Bingaman , Kennedy , Whitehouse and Obama .
“ For over five years now , Guantanamo Bay has tarnished America ’s image and diminished our ideals .
Its closure is long overdue and welcomed by the ACLU , ” said Caroline Fredrickson , director of the ACLU Washington Legislative Office .
“ The establishment of such a detention facility for the sole purpose of indefinitely holding individuals was inexcusable policy to begin with .
Every day Guantanamo stays open , the United States is being led further away from the founding principles of our great nation – liberty , freedom and justice for all .
The Senate cosponsors should be commended for taking action to prevent the further erosion of our fundamental values . ”
The amendment will effectively close the detention facility within a year and prohibit the transfer of those being held by the U.S. to facilities outside the continental United States .
It also requires the Bush administration to send a report to Congress within 90 days , outlining its plans for the remaining detainees .
“ The Feinstein - Harkin amendment is a welcome first step towards shutting down Guantanamo Bay and restoring the rule of law in America , ” said Christopher Anders , ACLU Legislative Counsel .
“ It ’s a great start , although further action will be required to impose clear limitations on the executive branch in order to stop any further problems .
The next step is to ensure that those currently being held at Guantanamo , upon being transferred to the United States , are then either charged with a crime and tried , or sent to countries where we are certain they will not be tortured .
After lots of talk and promises on shutting down Guantanamo , this legislation will finally close its doors forever . ”
NOUAKCHOTT , Mauritania —
At the Olympic Sports Stadium here , a collection of dun-colored buildings rising mirage - like from the vast Sahara , about a dozen women clad in tennis shoes and sandals circled the grandstands one evening in late June , puffing with each step .
Between pants came brief explanations for their labors .
“ Because I am fat , ” said one , a dark - eyed 34 - year - old close to 200 pounds .
Another , a 30 - year - old in bright pink sneakers , said , “ For myself , for my health and to be skinny . ”
It is a typically Western after - work scene .
But this is the Islamic Republic of Mauritania , the mirror opposite of the West on questions of women ’s weight .
To men here , fat is sexy .
And in this patriarchal region , many Mauritanian women do everything possible — and have everything possible done to them — to put on pounds .
Now Mauritania ’s government is out to change that .
In recent years , television commercials and official pronouncements have promoted a new message : being fat leads to diabetes , heart problems , high blood pressure and other woes .
The joggers outside the Olympic stadium testify to their impact : Until lately , a Mauritanian woman in jogging shoes was roughly as common as a camel in stiletto heels .
But in other respects , the message faces an uphill run .
A 2001 government survey of 68,000 women found that one in five between ages 15 and 49 had been deliberately overfed .
And nearly 70 percent — and even more among teenagers — said they did not regret it .
The Mini -Penis Scandal US Publisher Turns away from Cartoon Nudity
The drawings are harmless really .
But a US publisher has decided not to publish a series by children 's book author Rotraut Susanne Berner .
The problem ?
Cartoon breasts and a half - millimeter - long willy .
und Elke Schmitter Von Franziska Bossy
Some 70 percent of participants voiced a negative position on the planned U.S. anti- missile base in a local referendum , Mayor of Tene , West Bohemia area , Julius Rusnak said on Saturday .
In the referendum , 139 out of 199 voters voiced agreement with the town hall taking all legal steps against the stationing of the U.S. radar base in the Brdy military area .
The voter turn - out was 71.3 percent of the eligible voters , Rusnak said .
The village of Tene is situated about 10 kilometers from the area where the radar base is possibly located .
There have been a number of local referenda on the plan , with all of them having rejected it .
The rejection came after most participants in another referendum held Saturday in the village of Hvozdany , Central Bohemia area , rejected the construction of the U.S. radar base .
The United States made a formal request in January to place a radar base in a military area southwest of Prague and 10 interceptor missiles in neighboring Poland as part of a planned global missile defense shield .
The first round of Czech - U.S. talks on the radar base was completed in May .
The talks are to last several months .
The United States expects the Czechs to give a clear final answer on the base after Jan. 1 , 2008 .
Most of the Czech public is still against the plan , while the government , headed by the Civic Democratic Party , advocates it .
Source : Xinhua
There is nothing tough or folksy about Fred Thompson .
He is but an actor — a con man — who has spent years honing both his tough - guy and down - home demeanor to fool the public .
Thompson is the ultimate faker — a flimflammer with a red pickup truck that is being brought out by the GOP for his next scam on the political stage .
Here ’s what the mainstream media wo n't tell you about Snake Oil :
He ’s spent a good part of his political career in craven endeavors .
From 1975 to 1992 Thompson was a lobbyist for corporations such as Westinghouse and General Electric , and most notoriously , the Tennessee Savings and Loan League .
Actors make good con men and con men make good actors .
And in 1982 , Thompson was vigorously lobbying for legislation to deregulate the Savings and Loan industry although he knew it could destroy the foundations of the institution .
The deregulation that ensued gave the thrifts the freedom to invest in risky speculations and gamble away the savings of U.S. consumers .
The Savings and Loan debacle was the crowning moment of the Bush Oligarchy .
Over one thousand thrift institutions collapsed and hundreds of thousands of Americans lost their life savings .
The ultimate cost of the crisis was $ 150 billion and George H.W.
Bush bailed out the thrifts to the tune of $ 125 billion , which contributed greatly to the largest budget deficits this country had ever seen to that point .
These deficits heralded the 1990 - 91 recession , one of the lowest points of our nation ’s economic viability since the Great Depression .
John Kenneth Galbraith called the Savings and Loan Scandal , “ the largest and costliest venture in public misfeasance , malfeasance , and larceny of all time . ”
It was Thompson who hoodwinked this country into compromising the original mission and values of the Savings and Loan .
Thompson was the shill who called for the industry to change from one that provided low - interest mortgages and secure savings to a large venture capitalist network — one that failed , in part , due to the ham - handed handling of the Bush Family and the first Bush Administration .
In March 2003 , Thompson did the bidding of the Bush Family once again and linked Saddam Hussein to the root cause of terrorism and advocated preemptive war .
Thompson appeared in a national television commercial by the conservative group , Citizens United , which called for the invasion of Iraq .
In the commercial , Thompson persuasively stated : “ When people ask what has Saddam done to us , I ask , what had the 9/11 hijackers done to us — before 9/11 . ”
We are now in the midst of a quagmire , a war with no end .
Thompson is , in part , responsible , being the salesman of this war .
Thompson worked his con on this country and fleeced it twice before , and let ’s not let him do it again .
Another con perpetuated by Thompson can once again devastate this great nation .
I urge everyone out there to remind their voting friends of Thompson ’s role in two of America ’s greatest scandals and also to remind them that the red pickup is only being brought out only to sell us even more snake oil .
I urge all the Kossacks out there to remind their independent and moderate friends of Thompson ’s role in two of America ’s greatest scandals and also to remind them that the red pickup is being brought out only to sell us even more snake oil .
( And do n't forget to recommend this diary , if you can , thanks ! )
This diary entry is crosslinked from the Liberty in Crisis blog .
Mr Brown will not face a contest to be Labour leader
Brown statement
Mr Brown was supported by so many Labour MPs his only rival could not get enough backers to trigger a contest .
Accepting the nomination Mr Brown said he would seek to " rebuild trust in politics " and promised to lead a government with " new priorities " .
Mr Brown is set to take over as prime minister from Mr Blair on 27 June .
He said the 313 nominations he received from Labour MPs " shows to the country a party wholly united in its determination not to retreat into the past , but going forward as New Labour " .
' Embarrassing '
Asked whether he would have welcomed a contest , Mr Brown said : " At the end of the day it may be embarrassing , perhaps , to have so much support , but ...
I think you have got to accept that as the verdict of the parliamentary party . "
Even though there was no contest , he still thought it " absolutely right " that Tony Blair should continue as prime minister until 27 June and attend the upcoming EU and G8 summits .
I will strive to earn your trust not just in foreign policy , but to earn your trust in our schools , in our hospitals and in our public services
Gordon Brown
Analysis : Political limbo ?
The chancellor said he would use the time to travel and " listen and learn " , adding that he would seek to " earn trust , not just in foreign policy , but to earn your trust in our schools , in our hospitals and in our public services " .
He said his " passion " was education , his " priority " the NHS , and that other issues which needed urgent attention included affordable housing .
There would also be measures to make ministers more accountable to Parliament and to champion a " new type of politics " where people got more involved , through such things as local petitions .
President Bush
Another suggestion involved devolving some powers in the same way interest rate policy had been given to the Bank of England in 1997 , he said .
" To those who feel that the political system does n't listen and does n't care , to those who somehow feel powerless and have lost faith ... I will strive to earn your trust , " he said .
The country is surely entitled to pass judgement on whether he should become the most powerful politician in the country
Sir Menzies Campbell
Brown 's train trip into history Bush : Blair exit may be my fault
Asked about foreign policy and the relationship he might have with US president George Bush , he said the bond between a British prime minister and a US president " must and ought to be a very strong one " .
He said he would not be announcing any new policies , but added that the " shared values " of the UK , Europe and US " have endured over the ages " .
While he acknowledged " very big divisions of public opinion over Iraq " he said it was entering a " new stage " with troop numbers being reduced .
' Effective change '
Cabinet Secretary Sir Gus O'Donnell , the head of the civil service , will be holding talks and briefing the chancellor before he becomes prime minister in preparation for " a smooth and effective change of power " .
Mr Brown has long been the overwhelming favourite to succeed Tony Blair as Labour leader and prime minister .
Numerous potential rivals have dropped out of contention to succeed Mr Blair over recent years .
DEPUTY NOMINATIONS
Hilary Benn - 47 Hazel Blears - 49 Jon Cruddas - 49 Peter Hain - 51 Harriet Harman - 65 Alan Johnson - 73
Six race to be Brown 's deputy
Left - winger John McDonnell , the last to do so after failing to get the backing of 45 Labour MPs needed to trigger a contest , said it was a shame party members would not have a say in choosing their leader .
Liberal Democrat leader Sir Menzies Campbell said : " As Mr Brown will not face a challenger , it is all the more important that there should be a general election now .
" The country is surely entitled to pass judgement on whether he should become the most powerful politician in the country . "
' Ludicrous situation '
The Conservatives have also called for a general election once Mr Blair goes .
Party leader David Cameron congratulated Mr Brown but called for an end to " this ludicrous situation of having a caretaker government " .
HAVE YOUR SAY
We have not had an opportunity to hear his manifesto , let alone debate it
M Nickerson , Horndean
Send us your comments
" We are going to have weeks of a prime minister on a sort of farewell tour when the government should be getting on with the business of governing the country , " he said .
In contrast to the unopposed selection of Mr Brown , there is a six - way battle to succeed John Prescott as Labour 's deputy leader .
The contenders are International Development Secretary Hilary Benn , backbencher Jon Cruddas , Education Secretary Alan Johnson , Justice Minister Harriet Harman , Northern Ireland Secretary Peter Hain and Labour chairman Hazel Blears .
They face a ballot of party members , trade unionists and Labour MPs and European Parliament members , which will culminate at a one - day Labour conference on 24 June .
I titled my diary with one of the early lines in Webb 's statement , where he notes the inconsistency with democratic principles to insist on a 60 % majority to decide matters of policy .
Let me focus on the weaknesses Webb sees with the resolution , even as he supports it .
Here is his analysis :
* The strength of this amendment is that it mandates a turn - around in our current operational policy .
It would be wrong to call the " surge " a strategy .
It is not a strategy in traditional terms .
It is simply one more in a long line of operational experiments that have kept our military forces in the middle of a problem that , in the end , will only be resolved by the Iraqis themselves .
*
The concerns I have about this amendment are twofold .
First , it does not explicitly state that this transition of missions is only an intermediate step toward an eventual – and necessary – American withdrawal from Iraq .
As such , it could be interpreted as a ratification of the idea that we should keep long - term bases in Iraq .
* Second , the amendment does not really specify the nature of this transition of missions , except in the broadest terms .
As a result , this Administration could conceivably choose a very minimal withdrawal and then claim that it is within the intent of the amendment .
That is part of what surprises me in the resistance to this amendment .
It is something which the administration could use to kick the ball down the road if it so chose , and argue that it was abiding by the clear language of the amendment .
Of course , we know the administration does not wish to grant any iota of oversight or limitation on " principle " ( as if Cheny and Bush really have any principles beyond that they should have unfettered power to do what they want ) .
Webb is a very astute thinker .
The quote with which I began this diary is important because it points at the damage being done to both parties , to the institution of the Senate , to the polity of the nation , and to the image of the US in the world .
You will as you read begin to realize how astute a thinker Webb is .
You will not always agree with what he has to say , but you will be absolutely clear on why he takes the positions and actions he does .
You should respect the depth of his insight .
You will begin to understand why he is increasingly visible as a leader even as a freshman Senator .
I have been involved in politics since my adolescence .
I have known many elected officials .
I have certainly been personally closer to people than I am to Jim Webb , whom I would describe at this point as a friendly acquaintance : we do not socialize together .
But when we encounter one another he will usually take the time to chat for a few minutes , despite the business of his schedule .
I am 61 .
When I look back at my various political endeavors , many have been Quixotic in their attempts to make a difference - Howard Dean was not my first failed idealistic effort to change national politics : I was heavily involved in the abortive presidential campaign of Fritz Hollings , for example .
And I have certainly played a larger role in other sucessful campaigns , usually on local levels - for example , our Arlington Treasurer Frank O'Leary , who will having won his primary be elected for a 7th and final term in November , won his first election by less than 90 votes out of more than 33,000 , and I played a big role in that campaign .
But I can justify all of what I have done , and even the mistakes in judgment as to some on whose behalf I have labored by looking back at the past year .
Whatever small role I played in the group that help persuade Jim to run ( and I was not in the group that spoke directly with him , although I had offered them some analysis and argumentation ) , whatever role my efforts may have helped with first the primary and then the general election , seeing him in just over 6 months contribute as he has to our nation gives me the sense that I can add my names to one of Chris Kendrick 's DIDS ( Dman ! I did Something ! ) postings .
And so , enough of me .
Here is Jim 's statement in its entirety , as distributed by his office :
Senator Jim Webb Floor Remarks , as Prepared Levin / Reed Amendment , 7/17/07 Before I speak about Iraq , I believe it is important to mention another issue at play here tonight .
What does it mean to have majority rule in a democracy ?
Harry Reid and Dick Durbin are right .
There is no justifiable reason for us to be denied an up or down majority vote on this and other issues .
Why should it take more than 60 percent of the members of the Senate to decide a matter of policy ?
If it took 60 votes to be in the Senate , most of us would n’t be talking tonight .
I support this amendment .
I have reservations about certain parts of it , and I want to make them clear .
But I do intend to vote for it and I suggest to my colleagues that they do likewise .
*
The strength of this amendment is that it mandates a turn - around in our current operational policy .
It would be wrong to call the " surge " a strategy .
It is not a strategy in traditional terms .
It is simply one more in a long line of operational experiments that have kept our military forces in the middle of a problem that , in the end , will only be resolved by the Iraqis themselves .
*
The concerns I have about this amendment are twofold .
First , it does not explicitly state that this transition of missions is only an intermediate step toward an eventual – and necessary – American withdrawal from Iraq .
As such , it could be interpreted as a ratification of the idea that we should keep long - term bases in Iraq .
* Second , the amendment does not really specify the nature of this transition of missions , except in the broadest terms .
As a result , this Administration could conceivably choose a very minimal withdrawal and then claim that it is within the intent of the amendment .
And there is another , vital point that needs to be raised tonight .
For the good of the country , we in the congress need to find a way to come together , on both sides of the aisle , and work toward a solution that will end our presence in Iraq , increase the stability of that region , increase our ability to fight international terrorism around the world , and allow the United States to focus on the larger strategic issues that have been neglected in large part for more than five years .
This is the political version of the World War One Battle of the Somme .
Both sides of the aisle continue to pound on each other , neither side yielding , with little or no ground being gained by either side , and little good coming to the country despite all of the energy and frustration .
--
In World War
One , great nations lost their influence and inevitably their place in the world because neither side knew how to do anything except slog directly into each other , again and again , for years .
This is hardly the blood bath of World War One , but the implications for our country are just as severe .
We are spending away our national treasure , burning up good people , losing the good will of other nations , and have in many ways lost the moral high ground that has always characterized the United States in the eyes of other nations .
We in the congress owe the country a better way .
And that way begins with an honest , logical approach to the issues we face in Iraq .
Here ’s what we do know : 1 . The invasion of Iraq was a strategic blunder of historic proportions .
2 . Nothing that has happened since the invasion has been particularly surprising .
In fact most of it was both predictable , and predicted .
3 . International terrorism has increased , not decreased , as the result of our invasion and occupation of Iraq .
The presence of the United States military in Iraq is now the number one recruitment tool for Al Queda .
4 . It is not to the advantage of our nation or of our military to continue down the road of repetitive military operations without strong , regionally - based diplomacy that might capitalize on our military effort .
This has been the major failing of this Administration from the very first days of the Iraq invasion .
It is wrong – and unjust – to claim that success or failure in Iraq is largely the province of our military .
5 . This is not a classic counter - insurgency effort , as many on the other side have portrayed it .
A counter - insurgency requires a defined and understandable insurgency that can be countered .
In Iraq we are facing a many - headed sectarian and intra-sectarian confrontation , made even more complex by the presence of outside terrorist forces who have come to Iraq purely because the United States invaded and occupied the country .
How does one build a counter - insurgency doctrine to handle that – particularly when there is no real central government that would provide a safe haven toward which citizens should move ?
It wo n’t happen , any more than it happened in Lebanon in the 1980 ’s under similar circumstances .
6 . It ’s no accident that this complex situation has resulted in more than 4 million Iraqi refugees since our invasion .
Half of those have left their homes and are internal refugees inside their own country .
The other half are flooding adjacent countries , particularly Jordan , straining national resources in those countries and threatening their ability to maintain local order .
There ’s another reality , which despite all of the flag - waving rhetoric we tend to ignore when it comes to our military .
We ’ve watched as the finest maneuver force in the world has been put into situations again and again , in circumstances where they are on the defensive , or are sitting ducks for IEDs as they drive their convoys through territory that is easily penetrated by guerrilla forces .
We ’ve deployed them again and again , taking advantage of their professionalism and good will until now we have reached the absurd reality that many of our soldiers and Marines are spending more time in Iraq than they are at home .
This is breaking our military force , threatening retention , and could affect our ability to act elsewhere in the world .
And here ’s what else we know : this vital region is in deep trouble , partly because of our invasion and occupation , and partly because this Administration has failed miserably on the diplomatic front even as our military has given us every ounce of its courage , dedication and proficiency .
* Iran
* Turkey
* Saudi Arabia
* Jordan
* The American navy in the Persian Gulf
* Israel , Palestine , Hezbollah , Syria
* Al Queda – the most recent National Intelligence Estimate Only under the steady hand of strong , creative diplomacy , with our military as our safety net rather than our principal instrument of policy , can we begin to resolve these many crises .
This is what history teaches us , and history has been too often ignored .
It can be done – as in our recent approach to the situation in Korea .
It needs to be done .
And the passage of this amendment will help it get done .
Mr. President , I yield the floor .
Peace .
Ten days ago I sat on a mattress on the floor of a Mahdi army safe house talking to Abu Mahdi , a slim 40 - year - old , bearded former Arabic teacher and low level commander in the Shia militia .
I had first encountered him in Najaf in August 2004 , when the Mahdi army seized the holy city .
Now he boasted of how his comrades were effectively in control of his home town , 200 miles south of Baghdad .
" As we have liberated Amara from the British , Basra is next , " he said .
" My men are everywhere , can you see the British anywhere ?
For the people in the street it 's my men who rule the town . "
Yesterday morning the militia loyal to the Baghdad - based cleric Moqtada al - Sadr demonstrated that fact - and the acute dillemma facing British and American military planners - in the most dramatic fashion .
Residents described how fighters stormed three police stations in this city of 900,000 and blew them up .
Around 800 black - clad militiamen with Kalashnikov rifles and rocket - propelled grenades patrolled the streets in commandeered police vehicles as others set up road blocks on routes into the town .
At least 30 policemen and 20 civilians were killed and more than 59 injured in what has become one of the most serious challenges to the authority of the Iraqi prime minister , Nouri al - Maliki .
One Amara resident , Hossam Hussein , said he saw hundreds of gunmen , dressed in the Mahdi army 's trademark black uniforms , swarming the city 's main streets .
" For the last few days , you could smell the trouble building here , " he said by phone .
" Amara is a battleground between the gangs the militia and the politicians .
And sometimes you do n't know who is who . "
Predicament
Tensions had been rising since five men , including the the brother of a local al - Mahdi militia leader , were allegedly abducted - some say arrested - by police on suspicion of involvement in the killing of a senior police intelligence officer , Qassim al - Tamimi , who was also a member of the rival Badr brigade .
By yesterday British commanders were on standby to re-enter the city they pulled out of two months ago .
Events in Amara vividly illustrate the predicament faced by British troops in Iraq - and offer a glimpse of the country that will be left behind when they are gone .
Both protagagnists of yesterday 's violence - the Badr brigade and the al - Mahdi militia - are controlled by groups who are nominal partners in the ruling Shia coalition in Baghdad .
If the turf wars seen here spread throughout the south it could prove catasrophic for Mr Maliki 's attempts to impose order .
The British base nearest to Amara , christened by someone with a keen sense of Iraqi history , was called Camp Abu Naji after the name given by Iraqis to their British colonial masters when they first invaded Iraq back in 1916 .
For octogenarian Iraqis the name resonates with law and order , the good old times after the chaos of the Ottoman empire .
For younger generations it represents occupation , puppet governments in Baghdad , stiff , tall , blond British officers ordering people around .
At one point , the old army base , fortified with sand barriers and concrete blast walls , was home to 1,300 British and coalition soldiers , tanks , armoured vehicles and three helicopters .
Life was never easy .
In summer temperatures rose to 60C .
On the outskirts and to the north in the city of Amara British troops fought fierce battles in April and August 2004 with the Mahdi Army .
Since the ceasefire two years ago , the militias have gradually taken over Amara through democratic elections and the use of force .
The elections organised by the British produced a city council dominated by religious parties affiliated with militias .
For more than a year now it has banned any official dealing with British army .
' Stupid '
Meanwhile the militias rained down mortars on the camp daily and ambushed supply lines .
According to Lt Col David La Bouchere , commander of the Queens Royal Hussars battle group , around 283 mortars were fired in from last March to August .
The camp needed constant resupplying by around 160 trucks every couple of weeks .
" It was a very stupid situation , we needed six to seven companies of soldiers just to protect the base , " said Lt Col La Bouchere .
" The answer was to leave the base and depend on a more mobile force . "
When the British left two months ago , officers called it a tactical redeployment ; the people of Amara called it a retreat .
The British army said it was handing the base to the Iraqi army which would take responsibility for securing the town .
But within a few hours thousands of Iraqis had massed at the gates .
Within 48 hours the camp had been looted .
" We were n't fair to the Iraqi army , we only told them that we would hand them the base few hours earlier , so they were not prepared , " explains Lt Col La Bouchere .
" We could n't trust them to tell them in advance that we were leaving . "
After leaving Amara , Lt Col La Bouchere decided to fight the militias their way .
Replacing their tanks with soft - topped Land Rovers , they roamed the desert around Amara , using different routes and changing their bases every few days .
One of their main missions is to patrol the long Iran / Iraq border trying to intercept smugglers bringing in alleged weapons and improvised explosive devices .
But to militiamen , smugglers and border guards the Abu Naji forces have become little more than players in a soldiering game .
" They come , stay for few hours and leave , " said one of the guards , on top on a border post .
" The smugglers , they only work at night , they come on motorcycles , with no headlights . "
Back in his desert camp , sitting on canvas chairs , in front of a big map of the province Lt Col La Bouchere , said : " If you ca n't get rid of the militia let them counter - balance each other , and they will wither away . "
Yesterday 's events in Amara suggest that might be wishful thinking .
· Additional reporting by Michael Howard in Sulaymaniya
Acknowledging
God 's right over us , and in fulfillment of the call of our homeland and citizens , and in response to the call of our religious and national leaderships and the determination of our great ( religious ) authorities and of our leaders and reformers , and in the midst of an international support from our friends and those who love us , marched for the first time in our history toward the ballot boxes by the millions , men and women , young and old , on the 30th of January , 2005 , invoking the pains of sectarian oppression sufferings inflicted by the autocratic clique and inspired by the tragedies of Iraq 's martyrs , Shiite and Sunni , Arabs and Kurds and Turkmen and from all the other components of the people and recollecting the darkness of the ravage of the holy cities and the South in the Sha'abaniyya uprising and burnt by the flames of grief of the mass graves , the marshes , Dujail and others and articulating the sufferings of racial oppression in the massacres of Halabja , Barzan , Anfal and the Fayli Kurds and inspired by the ordeals of the Turkmen in Bashir and as is the case in the remaining areas of Iraq where the people of the west suffered from the assassinations of their leaders , symbols and elderly and from the displacement of their skilled individuals and from the drying out of their cultural and intellectual wells , so we sought hand - in - hand and shoulder - to - shoulder to create our new Iraq , the Iraq of the future free from sectarianism , racism , locality complex , discrimination and exclusion .
Accusations of being infidels , and terrorism did not stop us from marching forward to build a nation of law .
Sectarianism and racism have not stopped us from marching together to strengthen our national unity , and to follow the path of peaceful transfer of power and adopt the course of the just distribution of resources and providing equal opportunity for all .
We the people of Iraq who have just risen from our stumble , and who are looking with confidence to the future through a republican , federal , democratic , pluralistic system , have resolved with the determination of our men , women , the elderly and youth , to respect the rules of law , to establish justice and equality to cast aside the politics of aggression , and to tend to the concerns of women and their rights , and to the elderly and their concerns , and to children and their affairs and to spread a culture of diversity and defusing terrorism .
We the people of Iraq of all components and shades have taken upon ourselves to decide freely and with our choice to unite our future and to take lessons from yesterday for tomorrow , to draft , through the values and ideals of the heavenly messages and the findings of science and man 's civilization , this lasting constitution .
The adherence to this constitution preserves for Iraq its free union , its people , its land and its sovereignty .
SECTION ONE : FUNDAMENTAL PRINCIPLES
Article 1 :
The Republic of Iraq is an independent sovereign state .
Its system of government is republican , representative ( Parliamentary ) , democratic and federal .
The people themselves may petition a court to convene a grand jury to investigate Bush ’s corrupt administration .
Such a panel will have the power of the subpoena and the indictment .
It ’s not just 911 that such a panel might investigate .
An overwhelming number of those favoring Bush ’s impeachment say that there is “ plenty ” to warrant Bush ’s removal from the office he seized .
read more
Coverage.py is a tool for measuring code coverage of Python programs .
It monitors your program , noting which parts of the code have been executed , then analyzes the source to identify code that could have been executed but was not .
Coverage measurement is typically used to gauge the effectiveness of tests .
It can show which parts of your code are being exercised by tests , and which are not .
The latest version is coverage .
py 5.3 , released September 13 , 2020 .
It is supported on :
Python versions 2.7 , 3.5 , 3.6 , 3.7 , 3.8 , and 3.9 beta .
PyPy2 7.3.1 and PyPy3 7.3.1 .
For Enterprise¶ Available as part of the Tidelift Subscription .
Coverage and thousands of other packages are working with Tidelift to deliver one enterprise subscription that covers all of the open source you use .
If you want the flexibility of open source and the confidence of commercial - grade software , this is for you .
Learn more .
Quick start ¶
Getting started is easy : Install coverage.py : $ pip install coverage
For more details , see Installation .
Use coverage run to run your test suite and gather data .
However you normally run your test suite , you can run your test runner under coverage .
If your test runner command starts with “ python ” , just replace the initial “ python ” with “ coverage run ” .
Instructions for specific test runners : pytest unittest nosetest
If you usually use : $ pytest arg1 arg2 arg3 then you can run your tests under coverage with : $ coverage run -m pytest arg1 arg2 arg3
Many people choose to use the pytest - cov plugin , but for most purposes , it is unnecessary .
Change “ python ” to “ coverage run ” , so this : $ python -m unittest discover becomes : $ coverage run -m unittest discover Nose has been unmaintained for a long time .
You should seriously consider adopting a different test runner .
Change this : $ nosetests arg1 arg2 to : $ coverage run -m nose arg1 arg2
To limit coverage measurement to code in the current directory , and also find files that were n’t executed at all , add the -- source= .
argument to your coverage command line .
Use coverage report to report on the results : $ coverage report -m Name Stmts Miss Cover Missing ------------------------------------------------------- my_program.py 20 4 80 % 33-35 , 39 my_other_module.py
56 6 89 % 17-23 -------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL 76 10 87 % For a nicer presentation , use coverage html to get annotated HTML listings detailing missed lines : $ coverage html
Then open htmlcov / index.html in your browser , to see a report like this .
Mikael Rudolph
www.Impeachforpeace.org
New Hampshire was one of the first Thirteen Colonies , the very first to declare independence from tyrannical King George , the very first state to have its own constitution and is where the first primary in the quadrennial U.S. presidential election cycle is traditionally held .
Does New Hampshire hold the key to accelerating the nationwide grassroots movement to support and defend the Constitution of the United States against domestic enemies to that selfsame Constitution ?
In 1774 patriots were forewarned of the impending raid on Fort William and Mary in Portsmouth Harbor by the ‘ midnight ride ’ of Paul Revere .
Two centuries later patriots are crying out warnings against the threat of tyrannical rule again .
Traditionally the most conservative of the New England states , New Hampshire was the only U.S. state to give its electoral votes to George W. Bush in the 2000 election but then go Democratic in the 2004 election .
Both of New Hampshire ’s Representatives are first term Democrats who unseated incumbent Republicans in 2006 and both have made statements highly critical of the executive branch abuses of President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney .
Are they ready to fully stand up to contemporary tyranny ?
Carol Shea - Porter ( D - NH 01 ) last week introduced “ The Presidential Signing Statements Act of 2007 ” ( HR 3045 ) which would “ prohibit the courts from considering signing statements when interpreting federal laws ” which has a sister bill in the Senate introduced by Republican Arlen Specter ( R - PA ) .
With the introduction of HR 3045 Shea - Porter issued the following statement :
“ President Bush has trampled on the constitutional separation of powers through his abuse of signing statements , ” said Congresswoman Shea - Porter .
“ He has attempted to usurp power that was given to the Congress , not the President , and has severely bruised the system of checks and balances .
This is an insult to the founders of this country and to the American people , and it can not be allowed to continue . ”
… ” Every third grader learns about separation of powers and checks and balances – the Congress writes the laws and the President signs them , ” continued Shea - Porter .
“ Nowhere in the Constitution does it say that the President can approve part of a law and ignore the rest . ”
Paul Hodes ’ ( D - NH 02 ) reply letter to a constituent ’s concerns was even more scathing in his evaluation of the Bush Administration :
“ It is no secret that I disagree with the Administration on numerous issues .
Over the past six years , I have been appalled by the secrecy and partisanship the Bush Administration has employed to pursue their objectives .
As a former prosecutor , I am troubled by the legality of the warrantless NSA surveillance program and the outing of CIA operative Valerie Plame .
As an American , I am shocked by the inadequate response to Hurricane Katrina , the chronic mismanagement of the war in Iraq and the failure to support our troops , wounded soldiers and veterans .
In November , I was elected to provide a new direction for America and restore accountability to our government .
In the past three months , the Oversight and Government Reform Committee , of which I am a member , has investigated the scandal at Walter Reed Hospital , the outing of CIA Agent Valerie Plame and the Administration ’s bungled efforts in Iraq .
The Bush Administration must be held accountable , and Americans deserve the truth . ”
The very words of Representatives Hodes and Shea - Porter :
“ The Bush Administration must be held accountable , and Americans deserve the truth ” and their actions and policies are “ an insult to the founders of this country and to the American people , and [ … ] can not be allowed to continue . ”
… must be echoed back to each of the honorable Representatives daily by their constituents and other patriots around the nation until they take the only remaining appropriate action – that of honoring their oaths of office to “ support and defend the Constitution of the United States of America against all enemies foreign and domestic “ .
Representatives Shea -Porter and Hodes must be overwhelmed with calls to cosign H. Res. 333 calling for the impeachment of Dick Cheney and to support the commencement of impeachment proceedings of first Cheney and then Bush on the floor of “ the People ’s House ” where each Representative was sent with a clear message last November “ to provide a new direction for America and restore accountability to our government ” .
Contact them Monday , and Tuesday , and Wednesday , and Thursday …
Representative Carol Shea - Porter ( D - 01 )
202-225-5456
202-225-5822
( Rep. Shea - Porter e-mail )
Representative Paul Hodes , II ( D - 02 )
202-225-5206
202-225-2946
( Rep. Hodes e-mail )
ImpeachforPeace.org cofounder Mikael Rudolph was interviewed by Bert Cohen of WSCA LP FM Radio 106.1 Portsmouth , New Hampshire on the topic of ‘ impeachment ’ for a full hour earlier this month :
It looked like a fine day for a sail .
On Sunday , January 28 , 2007 , Microsoft researcher Jim Gray woke up on his boat , a red 40 - foot fiberglass cruiser called Tenacious .
The water in Gashouse Cove , a cozy marina in San Francisco Bay , was nearly flat .
The 63 - year - old programmer phoned his wife , Donna Carnes , who was on an annual vacation with friends in Wisconsin .
He said he was heading out to the Farallon Islands , a wildlife refuge 27 miles offshore , to scatter the ashes of his mother , Ann , who died in October .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
As Gray steered out through the Golden Gate to the open ocean , both tide and wind were in his favor .
At 10:30 am , he called Carnes again and said that he was approaching a channel marker buoy 15 miles out .
She asked him if he was wearing his harness ; single - handed sailors can drown if a wave pitches them overboard and the ship sails on .
" Yes , dear , " he replied , saying that he would get in touch as soon as Tenacious came back into range .
A few minutes later , he left an upbeat voicemail for his daughter , Heather , in Santa Barbara .
" I 'm taking Granny out to her final resting place .
I 'm surrounded by dolphins out here .
It 's a little cloudy but very pleasant .
No whales but lots of dolphins and very pretty .
Love and kisses , take care , bye . "
At 11:50 am , his smartphone synched with Microsoft 's email server one last time , pinging a Cingular tower south of San Francisco .
A couple of hours later , on Southeast Farallon Island , a naturalist named Brett Hartl spotted a sailboat with a reddish hull a mile or two offshore , sailing north .
Then Gray and his boat vanished .
The Coast Guard received no Mayday call , and Gray 's EPIRB — an emergency radio beacon designed to broadcast a homing signal if it sinks — stayed silent .
No sailors in the area reported seeing the boat adrift , and not a single life vest , flashlight , or scrap of debris belonging to Tenacious washed up on local beaches .
The news that Gray was missing shocked the high tech community .
The lanky coder had been a computing legend since the 1970s .
His work helped make possible such mainstays of modern life as cash machines , ecommerce , online ticketing , and deep databases like Google .
" Jim 's work inspired us and many other computer scientists to seek out and tackle very ambitious projects , " says Google cofounder Sergey Brin .
" He never shied away from problems involving large - scale data and computation . "
When Gray joined Microsoft in 1995 , he convinced the software behemoth to launch a research center in San Francisco so that he and his wife would n't have to move to Redmond .
" If Jim had wanted a lab in Monte Carlo , we would have built a lab in Monte Carlo , " says Microsoft Research chief Rick Rashid .
In 1998 , Gray 's peers gave him the highest honor in computer science , the A.M. Turing Award .
His influence reached far beyond the insular world of coding and computers .
Each morning , as Gray strolled down to the lab from his rustic Victorian on Telegraph Hill , he chatted on his cell with one of the many scientists who became regular guests on his boat .
He could talk to astronomers , oceanographers , geologists , geneticists , or fellow programmers and seem like a native in each field .
And he felt equally comfortable hiking along the Tahoe Rim Trail or sailing up the Sacramento River delta with his wife .
Gray 's mysterious disappearance inspired one of the most ambitious search - and - rescue missions in history .
First the Coast Guard scoured 132,000 square miles of ocean .
Then a team of scientists and Silicon Valley power players turned the eyes of the global network onto the Pacific .
They steered satellites and NASA planes over the Golden Gate and mobilized the search for Tenacious on blogs and on Amazon.com .
This group included some of the best minds in science and technology , among them Amazon.com chief technologist Werner Vogels and top executives at Microsoft and Oracle , including Bill Gates and Larry Ellison .
Oceanographers and engineers from the US Navy , NASA 's Jet Propulsion Lab , and the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute joined the effort , as did astronomers from leading universities .
The search became national news and gripped the imagination of the blogosphere .
Some commentators tried to cast the programmer as a digital - age D. B. Cooper , who disappeared in 1971 with a suitcase full of cash by leaping from the back of an airplane — though Gray had no evident motive to flee .
During the search , Carnes stayed in seclusion with a security guard posted at her door , refusing to talk to the press .
But as salvage boats and remotely operated underwater vehicles scanned the seafloor along California 's north coast , she met with me in the house she shared with Gray .
" I am determined to find out what happened to my husband , " she said .
" And I am determined to find Tenacious , because she is the key to Jim , and to this strange , singular , very painful mystery . "
Carnes spent the last normal afternoon of her life skiing near a remote lakeside lodge in northern Wisconsin .
On Sunday night , concerned that she had n't heard back from her husband , she phoned the harbormaster at Gashouse Cove , who verified that Tenacious ' berth was still empty .
Then the harbormaster called the Coast Guard .
When David Swatland 's phone rang at his Berkeley home that night , he hoped it would turn out to be a routine case of an overdue sailboat with the usual happy ending .
The deputy commander of the busiest Coast Guard sector on the West Coast , Swatland and his team fielded 1,705 search - and - rescue calls in 2005 alone .
Most were relatively minor — drifting kayaks or hikers stranded by the tide .
A former triathlete with a reassuring manner , Swatland says he gets several reports a week of boats late coming home from the bay , but they usually turn up in a marina somewhere within a couple of hours .
He gets fewer than 10 calls a year about boats gone astray in the ocean , though these cases too are usually solved in a day .
" Most sailors are pretty careful outside the Golden Gate , because they 're aware that this is a particularly unforgiving stretch of coastline in a particularly unforgiving ocean , " Swatland says .
" There are only a few good anchorages , it 's often windy , and there 's a fair amount of boat traffic .
Things can get squirrely out there . "
The Coast Guard , which became an arm of the Department of Homeland Security in 2003 , keeps watch on the San Francisco sector from a command center on Yerba Buena Island , under the Bay Bridge .
After the harbormaster 's call , Swatland 's crew broadcast a description of the black - masted sailboat to mariners .
Later that night , an 87 - foot patrol boat roared out from the command center , joined by a motor lifeboat capable of handling a 360 - degree roll in the surf .
By 1 am , a helicopter and a C - 130 turboprop plane , both equipped with thermal - imaging radar , began flying tight grids out to the Farallon Islands .
Carnes stayed up all night , getting updates every half hour .
In the morning , the Coast Guard sent out its standard press release about a missing sailor .
Swatland was unaware that Gray was well known in tech circles until local news reporters made the Microsoft connection and descended on Yerba Buena Island with TV cameras .
The news spread quickly among the programmer 's colleagues and friends .
On Monday night Paula Hawthorn , a former VP at Informix who had known Gray for 35 years , got a call from her son Andrew .
He reminded her of how helpful Carnes had been when Hawthorn 's own father was dying of cancer .
" You have technical and organizational expertise , and you ought to be helping Donna , " he told her .
Hawthorn lay awake most of the night , thinking of ways that Gray 's illustrious friends — with their connections to major scientific institutions and three - letter agencies in Washington — could assist the search .
The next day she sent an email to a core group of his associates suggesting the use of satellite imagery to supplement the Coast Guard 's boats and planes .
( The commercial satellite industry got an early boost from a Web site called TerraServer , one of Gray 's first projects at Microsoft , which made high - resolution imagery of the planet available online seven years before Google Earth . )
" Does this sound possible , helpful ? " she wrote .
" Who do we need to talk to ? "
It was the kind of gutsy idea Gray might have come up with himself .
Hawthorn 's email was forwarded to Sergey Brin , who promised to talk with satellite company DigitalGlobe , Google 's primary image provider .
More feelers went out from the group to other satellite vendors .
The ever - widening CC list christened itself the Friends of Jim .
By midweek , Swatland was assigning more Coast Guard boats , helicopters , and personnel to the search .
He brought in local sheriff 's departments and the National Park Service to patrol the coastline , and ran computer simulations to predict where Tenacious might be drifting if its skipper had suffered a heart attack or other catastrophic event .
Meanwhile , Joe Hellerstein , a former protégé of Gray 's who had become a computer science professor at UC Berkeley , launched a blog to coordinate the online effort .
Gray 's Microsoft colleagues worked with the Coast Guard to bring more technical resources to bear on the search .
" Sometimes I felt a little self - conscious because they were all smarter than I was , " Swatland says .
" They had connections to stuff I 'd never heard of . "
This emergency mobilization gave many in the Bay Area tech community déjà vu .
In late November 2006 , CNET editor James Kim and his family had become stranded in the Oregon mountains .
Kim 's wife and children were saved because two Edge Wireless engineers spent hours examining phone logs , finally spotting a cell - tower ping that helped a rescue pilot locate them just in time .
But Kim , who had gone looking for help , was found dead two days later .
Determined not to let history repeat itself , the Coast Guard asked Cingular for Gray 's complete cell phone records so it could triangulate his last point of contact .
At first the company balked , citing privacy concerns .
" Cingular was hesitant to give us all the information we were looking for .
They seemed skeptical about the Coast Guard being a law enforcement agency , " Swatland says drily .
Eventually , the company coughed up the data .
At least the weather was cooperating — the sky was crystalline , and the seas were unusually calm for that time of year .
Search pilots could see beer coolers and other flotsam bobbing in the water below .
But none of it belonged to Tenacious .
As the search area expanded , the Coast Guard had to consider the possibility that Gray did n't want to be found .
Rumors flew around docks and online sailing forums that the " wily maverick " programmer might be recklessly crossing the Pacific or " already settling down to a round of margaritas in Baja , " as a reporter for the San Francisco Chronicle put it .
" We had to weigh all the scenarios , including ' I want to escape , ' as uncomfortable as that was to mention to Donna , " Swatland says .
" But guys who try to disappear usually have financial issues , legal issues , or they 're in the middle of a divorce .
Jim had nothing like that . "
There was also a darker possibility to consider .
Gray 's mother 's death in October followed the unexpected death of Carnes ' father , Don , in June .
Watching
Ann lose her ability to walk before dying of old age at 97 , Jim confided to Donna , " I have seen my future , and it is ugly . "
Could Gray 's grief over his mother 's death have caused him to scuttle his own boat ?
Friends who spoke to Gray nearly every day find this scenario unlikely .
By all accounts he was content in his marriage , committed to his work , and delighted with the arrival of Sam , his first grandchild , born in 2005 to Heather , his 38 - year - old daughter from a previous marriage .
" My dad was happier than I 've ever seen him , " Heather says .
" He was always so successful , and balancing that with his personal life was a challenge .
But he had finally struck that balance . "
As days passed , Swatland felt increasingly frustrated .
" I could n't figure out what had happened to this guy , " he says , " unless he was kidnapped by Apple . "
Any tech company would have been eager to get its hands on Gray .
He had managed to stay at the leading edge of computer science for decades , and his résumé reads like a timeline of key developments in the digital age .
Born in San Francisco in 1944 , Gray spent his first years in Rome , where his father , James , was a spy for the US Army .
After his parents separated , Gray and his sister , Gail , returned to the Bay Area to be raised by their mother .
James went off to become an inventor , making a small fortune by patenting an early typewriter - ribbon cartridge , while Ann taught English in public school .
On frequent visits to the aquarium and planetarium in Golden Gate Park , Gray became fascinated with science .
As a gangly teenager , he devoured books like Norbert Wiener 's The Human Use of Human Beings , which made the bold prediction that computers would someday be smart enough to play chess and tackle social problems .
Gray got another kind of education on camping trips with his uncle to Yosemite , where he learned the thrill of surviving in the woods with minimal gear .
Gail says that her brother became " a bit of a daredevil " as he got older , " taking chances because he always thought he could do what he set out to . "
When the family spent days at the beach in Santa Cruz , he would swim alone out past the breakwater .
Gray enrolled at UC Berkeley in 1961 , grew his hair long , and rented a basement room with a dirt floor for $ 5 a month .
He thought about majoring in philosophy but lost interest when he discovered computers .
He signed up for graduate classes without taking the prerequisites , and in 1969 , he earned the university 's first PhD in computer science .
After a stint at Bell Labs , the scruffy young coder took a job with IBM Research in San Jose .
He gamely plunged into the nuts and bolts of data management , considered a dreary backwater even by avid readers of the Systems Journal .
Back then , inputting a request to a data bank ( the word database had n't caught on yet ) required a thicket of query syntax and a team of programmers .
But in 1969 , an IBM mathematician named Ted Codd had an epiphany .
He sketched out a model for a so - called relational data bank that would make it easier to sift relevant needles from haystacks of information .
Gray joined an R&D team that was attempting to turn these theories into functioning software .
His work focused on transactions :
When should changes be firmly committed to the database ?
What if one of a pair of transactions fails halfway through ?
How can two ( or 2,000 ) users access the same data simultaneously without corrupting it ?
In his research papers , he compared transactions to a marriage contract :
What was the right moment to say " I do " ?
Gray 's solutions to these riddles are now embedded throughout the networked world , from Amazon.com to the corner ATM .
The data bank he created with his colleagues , called System R , laid the technical foundations for a new industry .
Updates of its query language , SQL , are still widely used .
Compared to their clunky predecessors , relational databases turned out to be better suited to the revolution just over the horizon — GUIs , parallel processing , and the Web .
System R also inspired a seminal open source project at UC Berkeley , a relational database called Ingres , built by a crew led by Mike Stonebraker , now a professor at MIT .
Though the teams at IBM and Berkeley were officially competing for the same small market , Stonebraker recalls , " Jim was unbelievably smart and very willing to help without getting credit .
Most people considered business data - processing to be beneath them .
Who would help Bank of America cash checks ?
No one foresaw how essential databases would become . "
No one but an aspiring entrepreneur named Larry Ellison , then a young programmer working at Ampex on a data - storage scheme for the CIA .
The agency 's codename for the project : Oracle .
In 1977 , Ellison launched a startup called Software Development Laboratories , using System R's papers as the blueprint for his own software .
Then he repositioned his database for the emerging minicomputer market , betting that Big Blue would drag its heels .
Ellison bet right , and the rest is Silicon Valley history .
" There was no love lost between Jim Gray and Larry Ellison .
They hated each other , " one of Gray 's Microsoft colleagues says .
But Gray was gracious in public , and he mellowed with the years .
He told an interviewer in 2005 that his life had been a " researcher 's dream — you have a lot of fun , you do something innovative , and then people make billions of dollars off of it . "
And Gray never stopped innovating .
At Tandem Computers and then Digital Equipment Corporation in the ' 80s and '90s , Gray helped develop what is now called grid computing , paving the way for the mammoth server farms that made big-iron mainframes obsolete .
Though he felt more at home in industry , Gray would accept the occasional academic chair or fellowship .
This gave him the chance to nourish the careers of promising upstarts like Amazon 's Werner Vogels , who asked the programmer to sit on his doctoral committee at the Free University of Amsterdam .
Long before Google appeared on Redmond 's radar , Gray was advising Sergey Brin in Mountain View .
Asked which of his achievements made him most proud , Gray once said , " The people that I 've mentored . "
" Jim was extremely forward - looking and had very few boundaries in his mind , " Vogels says .
" When Jeff Bezos wanted to hire me , he was the first person I called to ask what to do .
When a question came up in my research , I 'd shoot Jim an email .
He was the ideal person to use as a soundboard for ideas . "
Along the way , Gray got married and divorced twice , raising Heather with his first wife , Loretta .
In 1984 , he met Carnes , an articulate Norwegian - American beauty with master 's degrees in history and education .
An avid sailor and hiker , she accepted his proposal on their third date — on his boat , of course .
She became an engineering manager in the Valley , and they spent their vacations sailing and reading Tolkien aloud to each other in the wilderness .
When they bought the house on Telegraph Hill , they christened their nautically themed bedroom Gondor — the realm of the Ship - Kings .
" I fell head over heels in love , " Carnes says .
" We 'd both been married before , but we met our match in each other .
He was intense , I was intense , and we were both raised by single parents .
Jim was like a mountain man who was also a brilliant scientist . "
She liked to call him Mr. Database .
Every night after work , Gray would greet his wife by saying , " Hello , Donna Lee !
I 'm home , you lucky person ! "
In 1995 , Microsoft 's Rashid recruited Gray as part of a big - brain hiring spree .
With fellow computing pioneer Gordon Bell down the hall , Gray tacked up a UNIX — LIVE FREE OR DIE or die license plate in his office and set about mentoring a new generation .
He turned a dorky Windows NT marketing concept ( " Scalability Day " ) into an excuse to build TerraServer , which brought satellite imagery — previously the exclusive domain of intelligence agencies and weather forecasters — to the masses .
Then Gray teamed up with astronomer Alex Szalay at Johns Hopkins University to port a massive star - mapping project — the Sloan Digital Sky Survey — to the Web , making the data accessible to professional astronomers , backyard stargazers , and students .
Since its debut in 2001 , SkyServer has become the most widely used astronomical resource in the world , sparking discoveries about dwarf galaxies , dark matter , and sonic waves triggered by the big bang .
To Gray , both sites were teasers for the coming era of data - centric science made possible by the proliferation of cheap sensing devices , very large data bases , and online interfaces .
For life - science researchers , he was like an ambassador from the future who spoke their language .
The morning he set sail for the Farallon Islands , he had collaborations under way with oceanographers , soil ecologists , and public health officials .
And he was at least as interested in the scientists themselves as in the petabytes of data they produced .
" We connected so deeply , " Szalay says .
" Sometimes you make these kinds of connections very early in life or in graduate school .
But by the time you get to 50 , it 's rare to meet someone who is so much on the same wavelength .
We talked this way , usually several times a day , for eight years . "
Gray described his job at Microsoft as " making other people successful . "
When word went out that he was lost at sea , the scientists and engineers whose careers had flourished under his watchful eye marshaled their forces for their toughest test .
Three days after Gray set sail , on Wednesday , January 31 , Swatland held a press conference on Yerba Buena Island .
" We 've searched 40,000 square miles of ocean , " he said .
" We cannot search indefinitely .
It is always a hard decision when to break it off . "
Reports of sailboats disabled at Point Reyes and Stinson Beach just north of San Francisco had turned out to be blind alleys .
Even a small boat typically casts a wide debris field as it sinks , with cushions , flashlights , trash , and gasoline bubbling up to the surface , but the Coast Guard had found nothing .
Swatland announced that he would officially call off the search at 1 am Thursday .
The news did not sit well with the Friends of Jim at the press conference .
When speculation among reporters turned to the notion that Gray might have evaded the searchers intentionally or committed suicide , Paula Hawthorn says , " I beamed right up to the front of the room and said , ' You do n't know this man .
He would never have done such a thing . '
So they put me on TV .
I said that Jim 's friends were not giving up . "
The notion of searching for Gray with tools he helped invent struck a deep chord in the online world .
When the hunt for James Kim intensified in December , some bloggers had suggested crowdsourcing a rescue effort by enlisting netsurfers to aid in the search online .
Executives at CNET had also thought of trying to use remote sensing to find the Kim family , and a company called GeoEye announced that its Ikonos satellite would make a special pass over the Oregon mountains .
But a pilot spotted Kim 's body the next day .
Now the 21st - century paradigm for search and rescue would get a second chance .
The first step in any missing - person case is to make the subject of the search ubiquitous .
As Gray 's serenely owlish visage propagated on YouTube , images of Tenacious were tacked up in marinas from Japan to Mexico .
Slashdot readers furnished links to the programmer 's technical legacy while cracking grim jokes about the Blue Wave of Death .
Microsoft PR decided early on that it would keep the company 's efforts out of the news .
But behind the scenes , Rashid let it be known that money would be no object in the search for Gray .
If the Coast Guard was going to drop out , keeping search planes aloft required raising a private air force .
Bill Gates personally offered Microsoft 's corporate account at a rental company called NetJets .
The lead developer on TerraServer , Microsoft 's Tom Barclay , took on the job of organizing the air search while coordinating efforts with Google to obtain satellite imagery .
Of the archrival companies working together , he told a reporter , " We were competitors yesterday and we 'll be competitors tomorrow , but today we 're partners . "
Then the Coast Guard did something unexpected — instead of calling off the search , Swatland redoubled the effort .
He deployed two C - 130 aircraft , three helicopters , three patrol boats , and four motor lifeboats to venture as far south as the Channel Islands off the coast of Santa Barbara , as far north as Oregon , and 300 miles offshore — an area the size of the Republic of the Congo .
" I changed my mind because I did n't have a warm fuzzy feeling we 'd done everything we could , " he says .
" And I 'd be a liar if I said all the publicity did n't have something to do with it . "
The only case Swatland could recall of a boat disappearing so completely was a fishing vessel called Relentless , which vanished in a busy shipping lane in 2004 while steaming toward San Francisco 's Fisherman 's
Wharf with a catch of Dover sole .
The captain 's family is convinced that the boat was rammed by one of the huge merchant ships churning in and out of the Golden Gate .
The wreck of the Relentless has never been found .
" You hit a steel fishing boat in a big ship like that , you probably feel it , " Swatland says , " but a fiberglass sailboat like Tenacious ?
Maybe not . "
After making a list of major vessels that could have posed a threat to Gray , the Coast Guard dispatched investigators to scrutinize ship 's logs and examine hulls for signs of a collision .
Japanese ships already back in their home ports were inspected by local maritime authorities .
But no telltale log entry or damage was discovered .
Swatland admits , however , that a determined crew could scrub away the evidence : " Can I say with 100 percent certainty that none of the ships we checked did it ?
No . "
Time was running out — if Gray was still alive , he had only a few days of food on the boat , and the weather along the coast was getting worse .
As the Coast Guard revived its search effort , the Friends of Jim finally got some hard data to work with .
With the blessing of the Canadian Space Agency , a satellite called Radarsat - 1 — equipped with cloud - piercing synthetic - aperture radar — flew over the search area with sensors blazing .
Soon after , DigitalGlobe 's QuickBird made the first of three high - resolution passes , joined by GeoEye 's Ikonos .
In addition to the satellites , NASA volunteered a pilot scheduled for a training flight in an ER - 2 — the civilian equivalent of a spy plane — to cover the coastline with a near - infrared camera .
In the course of a few days , the strip of ocean outside the Golden Gate became one of the most thoroughly documented locations on the planet .
The incoming avalanche of data created a fresh set of challenges .
Originally , Gray 's Microsoft colleagues and Vogels at Amazon were planning to use fancy data - crunching software to sift through millions of pixels for anything resembling a drifting boat .
But these schemes were frustrated by the clouds moving in over the Pacific , which would have overwhelmed the algorithms .
Then Vogels remembered another resource that 's very adept at picking salient details out of blurry images : human eyes .
Launched in 2005 , Amazon 's Mechanical
Turk is a service that enables employers to hire online workers for short - term tasks that computers do n't do well .
If a city government wants to count its utility - pole inventory , for instance , it can pay netsurfers a pittance ( in dollars or rupees ) to click through thousands of street - level photographs , tagging the poles they see .
Spotting Tenacious in a sea of gray seemed like the perfect test of MTurk 's " artificial artificial intelligence . "
On Friday , Vogels posted a request for volunteers on his blog with the headline " Help Find Jim Gray . "
The request raced through the online world , landing on the front page of Digg and getting a link in a New York Times story about the missing programmer .
More than 12,000 volunteers signed up .
To increase the chances of finding the boat , Alex Szalay and his son Tamas — a student at Caltech — organized an alternate crew to analyze the same image data at Johns Hopkins , the University of Hawaii , and the Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore .
The Szalays stayed up all night writing software to increase the clarity of the images .
More seasoned analysts joined the effort from ESIP , the Federation of Earth Science Information Partners , a consortium of satellite vendors and federal agencies .
" All these different communities working together , on a moment 's notice , with an incredible sense of urgency , to try to do the impossible , " Szalay says .
" That was very Jim . "
Transferring hundreds of gigabytes of 8,192 - by 8,192 - pixel files into a standard format and tiling them into smaller pieces for distribution turned out to be tricky .
When DigitalGlobe 's first batch arrived on Amazon 's servers , the files looked 100 percent black — a " heart - stopping moment , " says Mechanical Turk director Peter Cohen .
" That was our own ignorance , " Vogels admits .
" We went back to DigitalGlobe and said , ' There 's something wrong with these images . '
They told us , ' We 're looking at them now .
They 're fine . '
It took us crucial hours to realize that there were bits we needed to strip out .
Our team worked day and night to get those files up . "
Thousands of online volunteers tore through the images over the weekend .
The task was eye - numbing : Most of the tiles were a murky gray or bluish black , with occasional streaks and blotches that could be clouds , wakes , whitecaps — or Gray 's boat .
One coder whipped up a Greasemonkey script to make scrolling through mass quantities of images easier .
Meanwhile , Szalay 's astronomers and the ESIP volunteers were hard at work .
A particle physicist named Julian Bunn spotted a Tenacious - like blip lurking under a cloud .
Swatland pledged that if anything turned up , the Coast Guard would lead the rescue effort .
By Monday afternoon , eight days after Gray went missing , the Amazon volunteers had scrutinized roughly 30,000 square miles of water .
About 20 images were tagged as " likely , " and one was tagged " highly likely , " Vogels says .
Promising images were flagged with comments and forwarded to a panel of expert satellite analysts convened by Szalay and led by venture capitalist David Tennenhouse , former director of Darpa 's Information Technology Office .
But even with a handful of likely targets , there was another hurdle before Microsoft 's Tom Barclay could dispatch search planes :
Because days had passed since the objects in the images were caught by the satellites ' sensors , they could have floated miles from their original locations .
The Friends of Jim needed a way to forecast where a 40 - foot sailboat would drift , given the state of the weather and surface currents .
Oceanographer Jim Bellingham was already on the case .
Chief technologist at the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute , Bellingham was another young scientist who had benefited from Gray 's patient mentoring .
A typical field program at MBARI consists of putting dozens of robot gliders and other sensing devices into the sea to measure such variables as temperature , nitrate content , and the presence of bioluminescent organisms .
Last year , Gray helped Bellingham design a set of " digital workbenches " to help the institute better analyze rapid influxes of real - time data .
Now similar tools were needed to build simulations and to plot drift trajectories .
Bellingham assembled a team of ocean modelers from the US Navy , NASA 's Jet Propulsion Lab , and Oregon Health & Science University .
For up - to - the - minute data about currents , they tracked Coast Guard radio buoys and dialed into a high - frequency radar network recently installed by the state of California to monitor coastal conditions .
Then they posted GIF animations to the Web showing where an object seen by a satellite two days before would likely be located .
" We pulled out all the stops , " Bellingham says .
" If this had been a real field program , it would have taken months to spin all this up . "
In some cases , the drift team relied on ocean data from the same types of buoys that Gray himself had used for a climate - change study in 1994 .
" Now we were using them to find Jim .
That was bittersweet , " says Oracle 's VP of embedded technologies , Mike Olson , who had also worked on the climate study .
But just as Szalay 's image experts were identifying the most promising targets , the weather intervened .
Rain and high winds swept down the coast , delaying some flights .
When the sky finally cleared , all the leads were hunted down , but the searchers came back empty - handed .
Vogels is still haunted by the notion that the " highly likely " target may in fact have been Gray 's boat .
" It 's not that we did n't find anything , " he says .
" That image might very well have been Jim .
The drift analysis was right .
But we had to wait two or three days before sending out a plane because of the weather .
By then , nothing was there . "
As the satellite drama unfolded , the Friends of Jim were also working other angles .
In the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina , an organization called the Wireless Emergency Response Team had located survivors in New Orleans by flying a portable wireless tower over the flooded city .
Barclay proposed that WERT do the same thing over the ocean to ping Gray 's smartphone .
To pull it off , he needed a twin - engine plane and a pilot capable of ferrying the device on a risky long - range flight from Mexico to the Canadian border — the entire length of the search area by that point .
Late one night , Barclay got a call from Oracle 's head of server technologies , Chuck Rozwat , who said that Larry Ellison was volunteering to do the job himself in his own private jet .
But WERT backed out of the plan , claiming its crew was unavailable .
For all their technical and financial might , the Friends of Jim were out of options .
The massive push to create new tools for search and rescue had been a success — but the man who inspired the effort was still nowhere to be found .
As Gray 's friends lost hope that he was alive , Carnes gazed out at the water from her deck on Telegraph Hill .
" I would go out there and have these ridiculous conversations : ' Come home , wherever you are , just come home , in whatever form , I 'll give up an arm or a leg , just let me find you , ' " she says .
Finally she decided it was time to go to sea herself .
On February 11 , she chartered a fishing boat to take her and a marine search expert named Bob Bilger to the Farallones .
An avuncular , walrus - mustached Minnesotan whose day job is delivering boats to their owners , Bilger organized a team that was able to predict the location of the Coyote — a boat wrecked en route to an around - the - world race in 1992 — within 15 nautical miles .
His goal when embarking on a search is to " get inside the mind of the skipper , " he says , while gathering every scrap of data he can about the boat and ocean conditions on the day the vessel went astray .
Bilger takes no fee for his searches , saying that it's his way of showing gratitude to the boating community for being generous with him when he was younger .
Onshore access to Southeast Farallon Island is restricted to scientists , but House Speaker Nancy Pelosi 's office arranged clearance so Carnes and Bilger could talk to Brett Hartl , the young naturalist who may have seen Tenacious just before it fell off the map .
Looming out of the mist , reeking of guano , and devoid of all but scrub and government - issue architecture , the island is hospitable only to the dozens of species of seabirds and pinnipeds that breed there .
So many great white sharks slither through the water nearby that naturalists toss in old surfboards just to video the attacks .
Scores of ships have met their doom on the jagged outcroppings that 19th - century sailors called the devil 's teeth .
It seems like an inauspicious place to deposit your mother 's ashes , but Ann Gray made that specific request in her will .
Carnes ' father , Don , also wanted to be scattered at sea , and the two urns sat side by side in Jim and Donna 's kitchen for months .
Last Christmas , Jim invited his daughter along for the trip , but Heather thought baby Sam was too young for sailing .
Both wind and water were relatively calm as Carnes passed the Point Bonita lighthouse , as they had been for her husband two weeks earlier .
But as she got close to the 15 - mile marker that Gray mentioned in his last conversation , the boat entered a maze of floating debris .
Winter storms in Oregon and Washington had launched a ragged archipelago of logs , nets , and other flotsam into the Pacific , which had been making their way down to the Bay Area for weeks .
" There were so many logs , hundreds of logs , so much lumber in the water , " Carnes says bitterly .
Though Gray was never interested in racing , his boat — a C&C 40 — was built for speed , with a lightweight hull , an unshielded propeller , and an 8,000 - pound lead keel for stability .
These features make boats like Tenacious graceful and maneuverable in the hands of a skilled sailor like Gray .
But they leave the boat vulnerable to damage from heavy objects in the water .
Bilger estimates that if a log had opened a hole in the hull that was 6 inches or more in diameter , Tenacious would have taken on a thousand gallons of water a minute .
" I can picture a million scenarios that would have put a hole in the bottom , " he says , " with enough water coming in that Jim had no way of shutting it down , slowing it up , or fixing it . "
In fact , Tenacious might have been even more vulnerable to hull damage than the average C&C 40 .
Ten years ago , a saltwater intake hose on the boat frayed against the engine .
By the time Gray discovered the leak , the water was waist - high in the cabin .
If the boat had never completely dried out , the balsa - wood core of its fiberglass hull could have slowly rotted from within .
Plus , even on a clear day , the water between San Francisco and the Farallones is a washing machine .
Entering or leaving the Golden Gate , sailors have to skirt two shipping lanes that straddle a treacherous area of turbulence known as the Potato Patch .
A Microsoft engineer named Phil Garrett determined that on the day Gray set sail , the favorable morning winds turned against him in the afternoon , gusting from the east at more than 8 knots , something even a seasoned Bay Area sailor would not have expected .
Those stiff winds and an outgoing tide would have made it nearly impossible for Gray to make it back to Gashouse Cove by sunset , even running his motor .
And in the dark , it would have been tougher for him to avoid hitting heavy objects in the water — and harder for the crew of a merchant ship , trying to stay on schedule , to notice a small fiberglass boat gliding in front of them .
If you are looking to build yourself a streamlined marketing team which is going to deliver results for your clients or indeed for your own business then there are some critical aspects which you need to consider .
The world is very much one where marketing is more important that it has ever been before , for no other reason than the level of competition which we see across all industries and sectors .
If you want to build a better marketing team , here are 6 tips on doing just that .
Weakest Link
The saying that a chain is only as strong as …
by FIONA MACRAE
Last updated at 20:19 08 October 2006
It is a ray of hope for men limited to choosing between an unflattering comb-over , a toupee or a transplant .
British scientists are working on a new cure for baldness and are confident they will have perfected their technique by the end of the decade .
So far , the remedy , which involves a series of injections under local anaesthetic , has improved hair growth in almost three - quarters of those treated .
Researcher Dr Paul Kemp , who is using himself as a guinea - pig for the pioneering new treatment , says the results are so encouraging that soon ' baldness will be a choice ' .
And the Government is so tickled by the thought of a cure for the condition that affects 7.4 million British men at any one time that it has ploughed almost £ 2 million of taxpayers ' money into Dr Kemp 's research .
The treatment centres around tiny scalp cells called dermal papilla cells .
Found at the bottom of the hair follicle , they are responsible for the growth of new hair .
Scientists at Cambridge - based biotechnology firm Intercytex , have found a way of harvesting these cells , growing them up in the lab and then injecting them into the scalp at a point where the hair is thinning .
There , the cells happily sprout new hairs .
Science Minister Lord Sainsbury believes the technique could establish the UK as a ' world leader ' in research into baldness .
Dr Kemp , a biochemist , said : ' The idea is to inject the cells back into the scalp , where many of them will develop into new hair follicles . '
' Sometime in the future baldness will be a choice rather than something you have to suffer .
' Any bald people will have chosen to be bald .
' There is huge potential in the market .
Analysts estimate that a good baldness treatment could be worth £ 1 billion a year in Britain and many times that worldwide . '
The treatment , which is still experimental , could end severe hair loss in older people and thinning on top for the young .
Intercytex says the technique is quicker , less painful , and , crucially , gives better results , than conventional hair transplants .
It is also likely to be cheaper than the current transplants which cost up to £ 10,000 .
These transplants generally take two eight - hour sessions under local anaesthetic .
The results are often patchy , with patients complaining the relocated hair looks unnatural and ' tufty . '
With the new technique , a small section of hair and skin is removed during a 30 - minute operation carried out under local anaesthetic .
The hair is taken from the side of the head , where the follicles tend to live longer - and so produce hair later in life - than those on the top of the scalp .
The sample is then taken to the lab , where the dermal papilla cells are separated out and coaxed into multiplying in flasks .
After two months , the patient returns to the clinic to have the lab - grown cells injected into his bald patch , again under anaesthetic .
But it is not all good news for those with thinning barnets .
A typical bare pate would currently need around 1,000 injections .
with each jab penetrating 3 mm into the skin .
Three months later , new hair should start to poke its way through the previously bald skin .
In early trials , five out of seven men treated experienced hair growth .
Larger - scale trials , boosted by a £ 1.9 million grant from the Department of Trade and Industry , are underway .
Male - pattern baldness affects two - thirds of men as they get older , and despite , being a supposed sign of virility , it can have a devastating effect on self - esteem .
Earlier this year , LibDem MP Mark Oaten blamed his midlife crisis and ensuing sex scandal on losing his hair .
Q . You ’ve been offered a new job , and your prospective employer wants you to sign a noncompete agreement , but the document makes you uneasy .
What should you do ?
A . Take some time to scrutinize the terms .
Robin Bond , managing partner of Transition Strategies , a law firm in Wayne , Pa. , says it ’s perfectly reasonable to ask to review the details of the agreement before accepting the job .
“ When it comes to legal documents , you can never be too careful , ” Ms. Bond said .
“ The last thing you want to do is sign something that could affect your ability to earn a living . ”
Q. What do noncompete clauses cover ?
A. Generally speaking , these agreements are one - sided contracts designed by companies to prevent employees from competing with them after leaving the fold .
Paula Weber , a partner at the San Francisco law firm Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman , said that companies generally use the documents to protect trade secrets , customer contacts and other forms of intellectual property .
1939 : Lina Medina becomes the youngest confirmed mother in recorded medical history , delivering a son at the age of 5 .
The Peruvian child delivered a 5 - pound , 8 - ounce boy via caesarean section ; her small pelvis made it impossible for the baby to pass through the birth canal .
In a detailed report of the case , Dr. Edmundo Escomel described the girl ’s early sexual maturity .
Lina had her first menstrual cycle when she was only eight months old ; her breasts were almost completely developed by the time she was 4 .
Lina ’s condition , known as precocious puberty , was an extreme case , so much so that the story was dismissed as a hoax by many .
But doctors X - rayed the fetus ’ skeleton in utero and provided a picture of Lina , taken late in her pregnancy .
The photograph , shot in profile , proves not only the pregnancy but shows the extent of her sexual development .
The baby , a boy named Gerardo , was healthy .
He grew up normally ( his mother ’s true identity was revealed to him when he was 10 ) but died at 40 from a bone - marrow disease .
Paternity remains a mystery .
Lina ’s father was arrested on suspicion of rape and incest but the charges were later dropped for lack of evidence .
Lina , who is still living , has never divulged a name and , indeed , may not know .
( Source : Wikipedia )
Laptops a Hot Fertility Issue
You 've Got Mail , and Your Period
Embryo Police
Fertility Frozen in Time
Science Makes Sex Obsolete
Not content with grinding up our armed forces and trashing the Constitution , BushCo has decided to restart the Cold War by making an in - your - face deployment of antimissile systems in the Czech Republic and bringing confrontational trade policy challenges against China .
Here is a link to an article on the deliberate provocation of Russia :
Russia threatening new cold war
Like other attempts by BushCo to play with matches , this is likely to have serious negative consequences , which I describe below :
Chapter 5
The DESCENT of MAN
Creationism vs. Evolutionism
Today however , we understand that all theories should be given equal weight and taught side - by - side .
Accordingly , we will outline the two schools of thought and demonstrate the advantages that result from this evenhanded approach .
Evolutionism Evolutionists hold that man arose by the same gradual process as other creatures .
This belief follows from the principle that the same laws of nature apply to man as to the rest of the physical world .
The Evolutionist Model ( at left ) demonstrates how an ancestral " ape- man " could have evolved an upright stance and humanlike physiology .
However , it does not explain the tremendous expansion of the intellect and other intangibles that characterize humanity .
Creationism Creationists , on the other hand , believe that man was created instantaneously by a cosmic powered super - being from another dimension .
This belief is based on ancient , heavily retranslated writings taken from badly decomposed fragments of scroll found in a series of caves in the middle - east .
The Creationist Model ( at right ) explains the advent of human intelligence by ascribing it to divine fiat in the creation of the first humans , Adam and Eve .
A major weakness is that it fails to account for the origin of Adam and Eve 's daughters - in - law .
A MODERN SOLUTION
REQUIRED NOTICE :
This account meets the statutory and regulatory requirements of all U.S. state , county and municipal school boards and districts for works dealing with the origins of man and is warranted to be suitable for use as a teaching tool in accordance with the Guidlines for De Facto Ideological Uniformity of the American Textbook Publishers Association .
Early Man
Nature 's Misteaks Man and the modern apes are not the only families that descended from the ancestral primates .
( left )
Many early branches of the hominid tree are now extinct , or survive only in isolated areas .
Other fossil remains have yet to be reliably interpreted .
( below )
The Noble Savage vs. Civilized Man Primitive man lived an idyllic existence , in harmony with nature and his fellows .
The advance of civilization exacted a price : as the old ways were replaced by the new , tribal man forgot his ancient natural wisdom .
Among the tribal traditions often displaced by the encroachment of modern society were : slavery
subjugation of women
fishing by poisoning rivers
human sacrifice
continuous intertribal warfare
hunting by driving herds off cliffs
ritual mutilation
xenophobia
abandonment of the old & dying
abandonment of the young
cannibalism
Despite these losses , civilization brought many benefits .
Among them were : slavery
subjugation of women
air , water & soil polution
organized crime
continuous international warfare
organized religion
fast food
traffic
street mimes
public schools
e-mail
An artist 's conception of life in the 21st century .
It 's well known that organizations with nefarious and often criminal goals support and distribute malware and spyware that allows them to snoop on and / or manipulate people 's computers .
However , what is less well - known is that some of the people behind spyware are ostensibly the " good guys " — law enforcement officers who install the software on suspects ' computers to assist them with their investigations .
The existence of " policeware " is not well - known , but the US government has used this sort of software before .
In 2001 , federal agents obtained permission from a judge to enter a suspect 's home and install keylogging software on his computer .
The rationale for this unusual mode of investigation was to get around encryption software such as PGP and the web e-mail service , Hushmail , that the suspect was using .
More recently , FBI agents used a virus to bust a bomb threat hoaxer .
So , given the fact that federal investigators and possibly other law enforcement personnel are using spyware to monitor suspect 's computers , what happens when said suspects run antispyware programs ?
A fascinating CNET survey of top antispyware vendors found that of 13 software companies , all of them stated that it is currently their policy to detect police spyware .
When asked if they had ever received a court order to stop detecting police spyware , nine of the companies denied having received such a request .
Computer Associates said they were not sure , and both Microsoft and McAfee declined to comment on the question .
Sounds good , right ?
Notably , a few companies admitted that they would whitelist policeware if it were requested , including the maker of ZoneAlarm , a popular firewall app .
More interesting , CNET said that when asked flat - out if they would whitelist for the police when asked , the question was sometimes ignored .
The issue of checking for police spyware has come up before .
After the Hushmail incident , an article was released about the FBI developing a new form of spyware delivered as a virus called Magic Lantern that could be installed on users ' computers without a agent having to be physically present at the computer .
According to an Associated Press article from 2001 , McAfee Corporation contacted the FBI after the Magic Lantern story broke to " ensure its software would n't inadvertently detect the bureau 's snooping software and alert a criminal subject . "
McAfee later denied that such contact had taken place .
The issue of whether or not the government should be allowed to electronically snoop in this way is a contentious one .
Many people would agree that if a search warrant has been previously obtained for a suspect 's house as part of a criminal investigation , the installation of snooping software would be an acceptable extension of that search .
However , the recent NSA wiretapping scandal shows that the federal government is not always going to bother obtaining search warrants in the first place , and considers casting a wide net of surveillance to be an acceptable method of counter - terrorism , despite the fact that it is of dubious value as such .
As for court orders to anti-spyware companies to not detect policeware , no such orders have been confirmed and Kevin Bankston , an attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation , told CNET that " the government would be pushing the boundaries of the law if it attempted to obtain such an order . "
However , this too could be circumvented by using the Wiretap Act .
If such an order is given to stop detecting federal government snoopware , savvy criminals could simply turn to open - source software such as ClamAV and OpenAntiVirus.org that can be audited to see that there are no backdoors or workarounds installed at the request of the government .
And that IS to much to ask of one man .
Especially of a man who has been so misused and maltreated by the very political system you are being asked to subject yourself to again .
We are asking you to engage in a brutal primary , and then an election under the most partisan circumstances imaginable .
An election in which you will doubtlessly be attacked even more viciously than you were in 2000 .
One in which The Republican Dirty Tricks Machine will throw all it has in it 's arsenal against you , and one in which the Corporate Media will slant and smear you at every opportunity , one in which the vast powers of every International Mega - Corporation in the world will be used to an unprecedented extent and with extreme malicious intent against you .
Once you come through that gauntlet , you are then committing to four to eight years of grueling public service .
Every day of which will be a battle unto itself against those same forces , the forces that are attempting in their eyes , no less than their own self - preservation .
For the short sighted corporate interests will see you not as a force for good , but as a force out to destroy their stockholders profits .
This is what you face , if you run .
Or you can stay out of the swamp and keep working as you are , doing a fantastic job of education and activism .
Truly changing the planet from exactly where you are , without having to expose yourself to the barbarity waiting in store for you .
It would seem to be an easy choice to make .
I can certainly understand why you would not want to run ...... but ......
Tough Shit !
It makes perfect sense for you not to run , any sane person would make that choice ..... except for one thing ....
Destiny .
As our planet and our future are literally poised on the brink , in a time where the next few years of decision making are critical to the survival of so many species ......... including ours .....
.... it is impossible not to look back at the last decade or so of history and see how your life is intertwined in it .
It is impossible to not remark upon the extraordinary series of events that have brought us to this time and place , to this brink .
And it is impossible not to look at your central role in them .... and at the role you are now being called upon to play .
A role that NONE of us wish you were required to fulfill , but that nonetheless .... you are .
Whatever Gods we believe in or do n't believe in , we all have a destiny , a shape to out lives .
For most of us , our small destinies , the shape our lives end up taking , are fairly prosaic .... the Fates rarely interfering or even paying much attention .
This is not so with your life , sir !
You were in Vietnam and for worked for five years afterwards as a journalist .
You have served in both the House and the Senate and so know the intricacies of the Congressional process ( albeit in saner times ! ) and then of course , you served as Vice President .
You know both our Government and the Fourth Estate extremely well .
You have a singular and unique set of experiences of our systems and our times .
Then , as you were poised to assume the highest office of the land after winning the 2000 election , your seeming destiny .... the Fates DID take a hand .
And as horrible as the last six years have been .... in a very meaningful way , we owe them thanks .
For though things would be much different today if you had been President , you would not have been shaped into the man you are today .
And the man you are today is exactly who our country and the planet needs to lead us .
And there is no mistaking the fact that at this juncture in history , we desperately need a leader .
I very strongly believe that both your past in government service and the last six years you have spent outside of the grind of politics have given you the perspective needed to be that leader .
You are in unique position ... one decreed perhaps by destiny .... someone who knows the process of government and the media intimately , yet has managed to escape the bubble of politics that seems to blind an smother those inside it , and that seems to convince them not to be bold , not to be true leaders .
Destiny has led you to a unique perspective of leadership , has shaped and made you into the very individual the world and our nation needs today .
A smart , tough , seasoned , smart , compassionate , smart , wisened and smart leader who understands the current and future varied , vast and daunting complexities we face .
Ans who unlike our current leader .... is smart .
Everyone with half a brain can see what is happening with our weather , and everyone who is paying attention can see the progression and accumulation of the Climate Crisis as various factors are complimenting each other to hasten the onset of Warming .
For God 's sake , the Corporations see the melting of the Arctic ice not as a near dead canary in the coal mine , but as an opportunity to extract more fossil fuels !
This madness must be addressed and addressed immediately .
But Global
Warming is not the only madness that needs addressing , you have proven that you also CLEARLY see and understand the crisis our Constitution and our government ( as evidenced here , in perhaps the best speech in our young century ) is in and the consequences of that crisis as well .
You are the only potential candidate that has directly addressed this issue .
I 'm sure that you have only grown more horrified as time has passed since that speech , as we have all witnessed the ongoing crimes and abuses of our Constitution and our Freedoms .
If the world has a chance to change , America must lead that change .
Must lead as the beacon of freedom and justice it once was , not as the bully and oppressor of freedom it is now .
I firmly believe that you and only you among all the candidates understand how important it is to restore the Rule of Law in our country .
As well as how vital it is to restore our nations standing in the world so that we can lead .
Throughout your world travels on behalf of the planet you have become a de facto good will ambassador for our country , our only diplomat .
I know you will continue to reach out diplomatically , and that the leaders of the world know and trust you and will be happy to work with you .
We MUST partner with the entire world at this time , we have no other choice .
We need to restore our good name and renew their trust in our country .
You can accomplish that as well .
Indeed , it is not so much that our nation and this world needs repairing , in may ways we have moved beyond that stage .
What we need now is to create a new paradigm .
To in effect , create a new world out of the ashes of the world that George Bush has set aflame .
To do that we truly do need a man of vision , a man of deep comprehension and understanding of the plight that we are in , and who sees clearly the dire future in store for us and future generations .... IF we do not leave off the ways of war and division and find a way for the whole planet to work together .
To work together to address the multitude of current and future problems we face , and to create a new way of being that is healthier for us all and that is truly sustainable .
To create a world that we can pass along to our children and grandchildren and the next seven generations .
The candidates the Democrats have to offer are good men and women and ANY of them will be a marked improvement after the destruction that George Bush and Republicanism have wrought .
We are lucky ro have them .
But none of them have as yet to stand up and make the commitment to the planet OR the Constitution that you have .
None of them have the truly unique perspective and knowledge and skill set you do , none of them have the world standing and respect that you do , and none of them have the ability to make the immediate difference we so desperately need in turning this disastrous situation we find ourselves in around .
I do NOT want to pin the label of savior or messiah on you .
A savior must work alone ..... and you will NOT be alone .
Every human on the planet is waiting for something to rouse us and rally us and give us a way forward , a real and meaningful way to work towards a better future .
I know , you are just a human being too , although an extraordinary one .
You are not a miracle worker .... but you ARE our best hope .
Destiny is calling you .
Destiny denied you the Presidency in 2000 , because destiny was saving you for when you were really needed .
Destiny seems to have led you on the quest to save the planet that you have so very nobly begun .
Destiny has transformed you from the man you were then to the man you are now .
Destiny has supplied you with an army of supporters and admirers who will work their fingers to the bone and dig holes in their pockets to support your work and your candidacy .
We are all of us waiting for someone to stand up , to rally us , to point the way .
For someone to say that there IS a way , that we CAN do this .
Just point the way , and the country and the world will rise up to follow your direction .
Destiny has made you into the man our country needs to lead us , the man the world needs , the man the planet needs .
I trust destiny to inform you when it is time to run .
And I trust that you will listen to and fulfill that destiny .
That you will heed destinies guidance ....
For as you yourself said
As I stand here today , I am filled with optimism that America is on the eve of a golden age in which the vitality of our democracy will be re-established by the people and will flourish more vibrantly than ever .
Indeed , I can feel it in this hall .
As Dr. King once said , perhaps a new spirit is rising among us .
If it is , let us trace its movements and pray that our own inner being may be sensitive to its guidance , for we are deeply in need of a new way beyond the darkness that seems so close around us .
Destiny is waiting for your announcement , as are we all .
These dark times owe us a hero .
We are hoping it is you .
For we ALL want to fight , we all want to work , we all want to see the world change .
We all want to come closer to what we all know in our hearts this world CAN be .
We just need a hero to fight beside us , to lead us into the battle we all know needs to be fought and fought soon .
So we acknowledge it , we are asking much of you , the man .
It will be a hard , long fight , even with us beside you , even with all of us working together .
But just stop for a moment as the time to make your decision closes in , stop and think not of the sacrifice and hard work ... but ....
..... think of the feeling you will have when we succeed !
When all of us working together are able to turn the destiny of the planet itself away from destruction , and towards the creation of a new and better world , a new and better way .
Think of what that will mean to all of us , and to every child who comes after us .
With all of us working together , working hard , we can do it .
We WANT to do it .
All we need is someone to get us started , someone to show us how , someone to lead us onto the first step of the journey .
We need someone to point the way and give us hope .
We need YOU , President Gore .
Destiny is calling .
All you have to do is answer , and we will answer too !
Nanotechnology coming to a brain near you
( Nanowerk Spotlight )
If you have seen the movie The Matrix then you are familiar with ' jacking in ' - a brain - machine neural interface that connects a human brain to a computer network .
For the time being , this is still a sci - fi scenario , but do n't think that researchers are not heavily working on it .
What is already reality today is something called neuroprosthetics , an area of neuroscience that uses artificial microdevices to replace the function of impaired nervous systems or sensory organs .
Different biomedical devices implanted in the central nervous system , so - called neural interfaces , already have been developed to control motor disorders or to translate willful brain processes into specific actions by the control of external devices .
These implants could help increase the independence of people with disabilities by allowing them to control various devices with their thoughts ( not surprisingly , the other candidate for early adoption of this technology is the military ) .
The potential of nanotechnology application in neuroscience is widely accepted and an indication of where nanotechnology can be used in the future .
Especially single - walled carbon nanotubes ( SWCNT ) have received great attention because of their unique physical and chemical features , which allow the development of devices with outstanding electrical properties .
In a crucial step towards a new generation of future neuroprosthetic devices , a group of European scientists developed a SWCNT / neuron hybrid system and demonstrated that carbon nanotubes can directly stimulate brain circuit activity .
Examples of existing brain implants include brain pacemakers , to ease the symptoms of such diseases as epilepsy , Parkinson 's Disease , dystonia and recently depression ; retinal implants that consist of an array of electrodes implanted on the back of the retina , a digital camera worn on the user 's body , and a transmitter / image processor that converts the image to electrical signals sent to the brain ; and most recently , cyberkinetics devices such as the BrainGate™ Neural Interface System that has been used successfully by quadriplegic patients to control a computer with thoughts alone .
Where will nanotechnology take us in this field ?
Thanks to the application of recent advances in nanotechnology to the nervous system , a novel generation of neuro - implantable devices is on the horizon , capable of restoring function loss as a result of neuronal damage or altered circuit function .
The field will very soon be mature enough to explore in vivo neural implants in animal models .
" We developed an integrated system coupling SWCNTs to an ex vivo reduced nervous system , where a mesh of SWCNTs deposited on glass acts as a growing substrate for rat cultured neurons " Dr. Maurizio Prato and Dr. Laura Ballerini explain to Nanowerk .
" We demonstrated that neurons form functional healthy networks in vitro over a period of several days and developed a dense array of connection fibers , unexpectedly intermingled with the SWCNT meshwork with tight contacts with the cellular membranes .
Ballerini , an associate professor in Physiology , and Prato , a professor in the Department of Pharmaceutical Science both at the University of Trieste , Italy , are also involved in the European Neuronano project , an advanced scientific multi-disciplinary project to develop neuronal nano - engineering by integrating neuroscience with materials science , micro- and nanotechnology .
The Neuronano network 's major aim is to integrate carbon nanotubes with multi electrode array technology to develop a new generation biochips to help repair damaged central nervous system tissues .
" For the first time , we show how electrical stimulation delivered through carbon nanotubes activates neuronal electrical signaling and network synaptic interactions " says Dr. Michele Giugliano , a researcher at the Brain Mind Institute at the Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne in Switzerland .
He is one of Ballerini 's co-authors of their recent paper " Interfacing Neurons with Carbon Nanotubes : Electrical Signal Transfer and Synaptic Stimulation in Cultured Brain Circuits " .
" We developed a mathematical model of the neuron / SWCNT electrochemical interface .
This model provides for the first time the basis for understanding the electrical coupling between neurons and SWCNT . "
Over the past few years , there has been tremendous interest in exploiting nanotechnology materials and devices either in clinical or in basic neurosciences research .
However , so far the interactions between carbon nanotubes and cellular physiology have been studied and characterized as an issue of biochemical mechanisms involving molecular transport , cellular adhesion , biocompatibility , etc .
These new findings boost scientists ' understanding of interfacing the nervous system with conductive nanoparticles , at the very fast time scale of electrical neuronal activity which in mammals determines behavior , cognition and learning .
" Recently , the Neuronano research group pioneered the exploration of carbon nanotubes as artificial means to interact with the collective electrical activity emerging in networks of vertebrate neurons " says Giugliano .
" Biocompatibility of carbon nanotubes has been shown in the literature and several groups recently have attempted coupling neurons to carbon nanotubes to probe or elicit electrical impulses .
However , specific considerations of the electrophysiological techniques that are crucial for understanding signal - transduction and electrical coupling were underestimated . "
The researchers achieved direct SWCNT ? neuron interactions by culturing rat hippocampal cells on a film of purified SWCNTs for 8?14 days , to allow for neuronal growth .
This neuronal growth was accompanied by variable degree of neurite extension on the SWCNT mat .
A detailed scanning electron microscopy analysis suggested the presence of tight interactions between cell membranes and SWCNTs at the level of neuronal processes and cell surfaces
" With regards to the technological processes involved in the SWCNT deposition on glass , the chemical processes we previously developed and used in this work is the only one effectively employing no intermediate functional group to anchor the carbon nanotubes to the glass substrate , thus allowing a unique perspective of the properties and interaction of nanotubes alone " says Prato .
The scientists point out that their results as a whole represent a crucial step towards future neuroprosthetic devices , exploiting the surprising mechanical and ( semi ) conductive properties of carbon nanotubes .
This field is now closer to a quantitative understanding of how precise electrical stimulation may be delivered in deep structures by ' brain pacemakers ' in the treatment of brain diseases .
Colbert guest explains the science behind ' gaydar '
The bulk of scientific research shows that being gay is a natural condition , not a choice , a guest on Stephen Colbert 's show who wrote a recent article about the science of " gaydar " said Tuesday .
David France , whose article appears in New York magazine , says certain physical traits -- such as one 's index finger being longer than his or her ring finger -- are more prevalent among gay people than the population at large .
" The relationship is suggestive to people that there is some sort of a genetic or pre-natal cause to sexual orientation , " France says , much to the chagrin of Colbert 's conservative persona .
" But we know that 's not true , we know homosexuality is a choice , " Colbert says .
" If you choose to be gay does this ( physical change ) happen to you overnight .
Is it like the American Werewolf in London ? "
The following video is from Comedy Channel 's Colbert Report , broadcast on June 26 .
American dream has changed .
It used to be a college education , a steady job , a nice house ( and a family to fill it ) , and a better financial picture than your parents .
There is a new American Dream that is still about “ doing better than your parents ” but not in a financial sense .
This dream is about fulfillment .
Boston - based artist , Ariel Freiberg , just got engaged , and she and her fiancé are gearing up for this new dream .
“ We were brought up to think it ’s important to own a piece of property .
It ’s how you build your life in this country .
But buying a house is not a major goal for us .
It is not what will make our lives secure and it will not help us define ourselves . ”
“ The idea of the American dream is taken out from under us , ” explains Anya Kamenetz , blogger and author of the book Generation Debt .
“ There used to be a contract with employers — healthcare , pensions , predicable employment , ” but today there are none of those guarantees .
Additionally , the cost of a college education is far outpacing inflation , making it more difficult to make this first steps toward the American Dream , according to Tamara Draut , author of Strapped : Why America ’s 20 - and 30 - somethings Ca n’t Get Ahead .
The average student loans come to around $ 20,000 , which means $ 200 a month out of an entry - level paycheck .
On top of that between 1995 and 2002 median rents in almost all major cities have increased more than 50 % .
Hillary Clinton recently gave a speech about how “ a lot of kids do n’t know what work is ” and young people “ think work is a four - letter word . ”
These were not renegade words , but rather an expression of the prevailing attitude among her fellow baby boomers .
The boomers mistake a rejection of their American Dream as a rejection of reality .
But here ’s some news :
Young people know that work is a reality for everyone .
It ’s just that everyone needs to work toward something ; so young people have a new American Dream .
“ The new American Dream is much more entrepreneurial , ” says Kamenetz .
“ And it ’s about shaping ones own destiny : mobility , flexibility to do your own work and the ability to have a career as an expression of who you are as a person .
Here are some things to keep in mind as you craft your own version of the new American Dream :
1. Cushion an entry - level salary with a move back home .
The first step in restructuring the American Dream is to save money to ensure flexibility .
Moving back with your parents is smart if you can do it .
Most jobs are in big cities , and starting salaries simply cannot pay the rent in those cities .
People who are not able to get subsidized housing from parents are much more limited in terms of their early career choices .
2 . Get comfortable with risk taking .
The new American Dream is for risk takers .
This is actually not groundbreaking in terms of the American Dream .
For immigrants , the American Dream has always meant risk - taking .
But today young people are taking risks that parents would have never dreamed of , like playing contact sports without any health insurance and signing up for a mortgage with a freelance career .
3. Protect your time .
The American Dream of Baby Boomers came at the expense of personal time and family time .
Success is not having more things than your parents .
It ’s having more time .
More time for hobbies , for travel , for kids .
“ It ’s not about how much money you have , it ’s about living your life on your own terms , ” says Barbara Stanny , financial coach and author of Overcoming Underearning .
4 . Do n’t assume personal fulfillment requires a small career .
Sure , the new American Dream has nothing to do with financial studliness .
But do n’t sell yourself short in the name of personal time .
“ Higher earners with balanced lives do n’t work more hours , they are just more focused , ” says Stanny .
“ To make more money you do n’t have to work more hours .
There is a difference between settling for a low income and taking a job to feed your soul . ”
5 . Buy as small a home as you can .
You preserve the most options for your future if you can buy a home on one income .
“ The advice used to be : always buy the most expensive house you can afford because it ’s an investment .
Today it ’s different .
Buy only the amount of house that you need so it does n’t become an albatross around your neck . ” says Phyllis Moen , author of Career Mystique : Cracks in the American Dream .
6 . Make decisions by looking inside yourself .
Be aware of the tradeoffs you ’re making .
For example , big cities are exciting and filled with career opportunity , but you pay a high premium for living there .
When talking about her decision to stay in Boston , Freiberg says , “ There ’s a certain vibration living in the city that feeds me and my fiancé — this inspiration is something that we ca n’t get in the suburbs . ”
Choices are difficult today because the new American Dream is not as measurable as the old one .
You can not look at your bank statement or count your bedrooms to assess your success .
The new American dream is about fulfillment , which is a murky , slippery goal , but young people like Freiberg know it when they feel it , and you will , too .
FUCK
Perhaps one of the most interesting and colorful words in the English language today is the word " fuck " .
It is the one magical word which , just by its sound , can describe pain , pleasure , love , and hate .
In language , " fuck " falls into many grammatical categories .
It can be used as a verb , noun ...
It can be an action verb ( John really gives a fuck ) , a passive verb ( Mary really does n't give a fuck ) , an adverb ( Mary is fucking interested in John ) , o as a noun ( Mary is a terrific fuck ) .
It can also be used as an adjective ( Mar is fucking beautiful ) or an interjection ( Fuck !
I 'm late for my date with Mary . )
It can even be used as a conjunction ( Mary is easy , fuck she 's also stupid ) .
As you can see , there are very few words with the overall versatility of the word " fuck " .
Aside from its sexual connotations , this incredible word can be used to many situations :
1. Greetings " How the fuck are ya ? " 2 . Fraud " I got fucked by the car dealer . "
3 . Resignation " Oh , fuck it ! " 4 . Trouble " I guess I 'm fucked now . "
5 . Aggression " FUCK YOU ! " 6 . Disgust " Fuck me . "
7 . Confusion " What the fuck .......? "
8 . Difficulty " I do n't understand this fucking business ! "
9 . Despair " Fucked again ... "
10 .
Pleasure " I fucking could n't be happier . "
11 . Displeasure " What the fuck is going on here ? " 12 .
Lost " Where the fuck are we . "
13 . Disbelief " UNFUCKINGBELIEVABLE ! " 14 .
Retaliation " Up your fucking ass ! " 15 .
Denial " I did n't fucking do it . "
16 . Perplexity " I know fuck all about it . "
17 .
Apathy " Who really gives a fuck , anyhow ? " 18 .
Greetings
" How the fuck are ya ? " 19 .
Suspicion " Who the fuck are you ? " 20 .
Panic
" Let 's get the fuck out of here . "
21 . Directions " Fuck off . "
22 . Disbelief
" How the fuck did you do that ? "
It can be used in an anatomical description - " He 's a fucking asshole . "
It can be used to tell time - " It 's five fucking thirty . "
It can be used in business - " How did I wind up with this fucking job ? "
It can be maternal - " Motherfucker . "
It can be political - " Fuck Dan Quayle ! "
It has also been used by many notable people throughout history :
" What the fuck was that ? " Mayor of Hiroshima
" Where did all these fucking Indians come from ? "
General Custer
" Where the fuck is all this water coming from ? " Captain of the Titanic " Thats not a real fucking gun . "
John Lennon
" Who 's gonna fucking find out ? " Richard Nixon
" Heads are going to fucking roll . "
Anne Boleyn " Let the fucking woman drive . "
Commander of Space Shuttle " Challenger " " What fucking map ? " Mark Thatcher " Any fucking idiot could understand that . "
Albert Einstein
" How the fuck did you work that out ? "
Pythagoras
" You want what on the fucking ceiling ? " Michaelangelo
" Fuck a duck . "
Walt Disney " Why ?- Because its fucking there ! "
Edmund Hilary " I do n't suppose its gonna fucking rain ? " Joan of Arc " Scattered fucking showers my ass . "
Noah " I need this parade like I need a fucking hole in my head . "
John F. Kennedy
by John Derbyshire ( April 2007 )
“ 15 British Agressors [ sic ] must be EXECUTED . ”
That was the placard being held up by some beetle - browed Iranian outside the British Embassy in Tehran .
Well , I do n’t entirely disagree .
I certainly think that those British captives who have let themselves be put forward on Iranian TV , that woman wearing a headscarf , and the young man apologizing to the Iranian gangster - rulers , should be court - martialed for dereliction of duty when they get back to Blighty , with shooting definitely an option .
How on earth can Britons behave like that ?
A previous generation would not have done so .
I knew the women of my mother ’s generation pretty well ( Mum was born in 1912 ) , and I am certain that any one of them , given that headscarf and told to put it on , would have said : “ You can hang me with it if you like , but I ’ll be damned if I ’ll wear the filthy thing . ”
The men likewise .
What on earth has happened to the British ?
Where is John Moyse ?
Well , he is of course on Wikipedia .
Who is n’t ?
To spare you the trouble of reading all through , Moyse was a British soldier of the East Kent Regiment , nick - named “ The Buffs ” on account of their 17th - century uniforms , which prominently featured that color .
Moyse was captured by the Chinese during the Second Opium War of the late 1850s .
Taken before a Mandarin , he was ordered to kowtow , but refused .
He was thereupon clubbed to death and decapitated , and his body thrown on a dung - heap .
Sir Francis
Doyle wrote a poem to celebrate Moyse ’s defiance of the enemy .
You can read the poem here .
I myself encountered the poem in Michael Turner 's fine anthology Parlour Poetry .
Turner ’s note to the poem says :
To this fine tribute to English scorn for lesser breeds , the poet appended this extract from The Times of 1860 : “ Some Sikhs and a private of the Buffs ( the East Kent Regiment ) , having remained behind with the grog - carts , fell into the hands of the Chinese .
On the next morning they were brought before the authorities and commanded to perform the kotow .
The Sikhs obeyed ; but Moyse , the English soldier , declaring that he would not prostrate himself before any Chinaman alive , was immediately knocked on the head , and his body thrown on a dunghill . ”
And all this was , of course , brought to my mind by the story of these British servicemen captured by the Iranians .
To return to my earlier question :
What on earth has happened to the British ?
What has happened is multiculturalism .
The British no longer feel that contempt for other nations that sustained them for so many centuries .
Or , if they feel it , they guiltily suppress that feeling , as being flagitiously “ racist . ”
Boswell described Johnson as “ a stern TRUE - BORN ENGLISHMAN , and fully prejudiced against all other nations . ”
( Boswell ’s capitals . )
That would have the Thought Police knocking on Johnson ’s door nowadays .
Jeff Miller , one of my e-correspondents , points me to Orwell ’s remarks on patriotism , written in August 1941 :
What has kept England on its feet during the past year ?
In part , no doubt , some vague idea about a better future , but chiefly the atavistic emotion of patriotism , the ingrained feeling of the English - speaking peoples that they are superior to foreigners .
For the last twenty years the main object of English left - wing intellectuals has been to break this feeling down , and if they had succeeded , we might be watching the SS men patrolling the London streets at this moment .
Similarly , why are the Russians fighting like tigers against the German invasion ?
In part , perhaps , for some half - remembered ideal of Utopian Socialism , but chiefly in defence of Holy Russia ( the “ sacred soil of the Fatherland ” , etc etc ) , which Stalin has revived in an only slightly altered form .
The energy that actually shapes the world springs from emotions — racial pride , leader - worship , religious belief , love of war — which liberal intellectuals mechanically write off as anachronisms , and which they have usually destroyed so completely in themselves as to have lost all power of action .
If you read that passage through with attention , you will know how our future is going to unfold .
That private of the Buffs declared “ that he would not prostrate himself before any Chinaman alive . ”
His early 21st - century equivalent would prostrate himself without being asked .
We have actually , I think , reached the point at which prostration is more or less reflexive .
Nor would any modern person be so insensitive as to say “ Chinaman , ” a word nowadays considered to be unspeakably insulting — Ted Turner used it the other day , and had to issue a public apology to Persons of Chineseness everywhere .
And that , ladies and gents , is why our civilization is a goner .
Any questions ?
To further clarify the point , consider that Secular Islamic Summit held a few weeks ago in St. Petersburg , Florida .
The event closed with the St. Petersburg Declaration :
We are secular Muslims , and secular persons of Muslim societies .
We are believers , doubters , and unbelievers , brought together by a great struggle , not between the West and Islam , but between the free and the unfree .
We affirm the inviolable freedom of the individual conscience .
We believe in the equality of all human persons .
We insist upon the separation of religion from state and the observance of universal human rights ....
( The whole thing is here . )
It ’s hard not to admire these brave people , most of whom are under fatwas of one sort or another , liable to be hacked to death by some frothing Muslim lunatic any time they step outside .
The tragedy — and I am using that word in its full and proper meaning — the tragedy is , that these westernized Muslims are banging their heads against that Orwell quote .
They have signed on to the modern world and its multi-culti fantasies .
There was plenty of courage and good sense on display at St. Petersburg , but not much of those energizing principles Orwell spoke about : “ racial pride , leader - worship , religious belief , love of war . ”
It ’s the jihadis who have those .
The great genius of the English - speaking peoples was in holding the two sets of ideas in their minds at the same time : both “ racial pride , leader - worship ( well , to be fair to the Anglosphere , we never really went for that one ) , religious belief , love of war , ” and “ the inviolable freedom of the individual conscience ... the equality of all human persons . ”
This was quite a trick , as the two sets of principles actually contradict each other .
It was Orwell himself who gave us the word “ doublethink . ”
The English , however — from Dr. Johnson down to Private Moyse and my Mum — were an un-intellectual lot , not much bothered by logical contradictions .
Were , were , were .
To comment on this article click here .
If you enjoyed this article and want to read more by John Derbyshire , click here .
Raytheon is the fifth - largest defense contractor in America .
It is based in Massachusetts ( warning , you might not like what follows , since it contributes to Democrats as well as Republicans , but dead American soldiers know no party ) .
In FY2004 Raytheon received more than $ 8.5B in defense contracts .
The " Global War on Terror " has been very good to Raytheon , as one of its Vice Presidents , Tom Culligan , noted in 2002 :
we are pleased with the results of the work done by the House and Senate conferees ... you see Raytheon ’s brand name everywhere – from tanks and rifles to ships , aircraft and UAVs [ unmanned aerial vehicles ]
Raytheon also makes two of the Republican 's favorite toys , the Patriot Missile Defense system and the GBU - 28 " Bunker Buster " bomb .
Since 2000 Raytheon has pumped more than $ 3 M in soft money into American politics , making its contributions , as well as its contracts , fifth among American defense contractors .
It is also an active participant in the revolving door culture , hiring some names you might heard before :
The Board
John Deutch was once of Clinton 's CIA Directors .
You might recall he got into some trouble for keeping classified information on his laptop computers .
Clinton pardoned him on his last day in office .
Barry McCaffrey was also in Clinton 's Administration , working as " Drug Czar . "
Warren Rudman is a former Republican Senator from New Hampshire , a centrist who would have very little in common with today 's Republicans .
Anthony Zinni was part of Bush 's Administration before he argued against the War in Iraq .
Lobbyists
Robert Livingstone followed Newt Gingrich as Speaker of the House .
He resigned after Larry Flynt exposed his own extramarital affairs during the Clinton impeachment .
Dale Bumpers , a Democratic former Governor ( Arkansas ) and Congress - critter lobbies for them too .
So , what is the actual story ?
Most of it can be seen just by following the link above , but I 'll lay it out .
Rafael , Israel 's defense tech company , makes " Trophy , " a system to protect vehicles from RPG and anti-tank missiles .
It works .
It scans the area around the vehicle and automatically launches in response to an attack .
Israel has tested it against practically every RPG and guided anti-tank missile in existence .
A joint Army - Navy test program looked at six different " Active Protection Systems , " and declared the Trophy " the best candidate , " " the most technically advanced , " and " the most technically mature system . "
An official involved in the tests said
worked in every case .
The only anomaly was that in one test , the Trophy round hit the RPG ’s tail instead of its head .
But according to our test criteria , the system was 30 for 30 . "
So why not buy this incredible system ?
Because the Pentagon is afraid if they buy something that actually works , it might interfere with their development of their $ 200B " Future Combat System . "
You see , you do n't need a " Future Combat System " if a present one works really really well .
The Army set up its own technical team to test Trophy against Raytheon 's " Quick Kill , " a system that only existed in drawings .
There were 21 people on the team .
NINE WERE RAYTHEON EMPLOYEES .
Guess which system won ?
Go ahead , guess , do you think it was the system that exists and works , or the one that might not exist for five years and has n't even been built , much less tested .
RIGHT , Raytheon 's hypothetical system won .
Congress got into the game and held hearings .
As you can see from this video , the Pentagon handled the problem in its usual manner , by lying .
It testified both systems would be ready at the same time , even though " Quick Kill " is running about five years behind and does not yet exist .
The Army says " Quick Kill " " will best protect Soldiers against current and rapidly emerging threats . "
But not for another five years .
How many Americans will die in the meantime ?
Sargeant Joshua Allen Johnson , of Richford , Vermont , died six hours after his Humvee was hit by a rocket propelled grenade .
First Lieutenant Noah Harris and Corporal William A. Long were killed when their vehicle was hit by a rocket propelled grenade .
Specialist Christopher Merchant , of Hardwick , Vermont , was killed by a rocket propelled grenade .
Pfc. Raymond J. Faulstich Jr. was killed when his convoy was attacked with rocket propelled grenades .
Capt .
Andrew R. Houghton was killed when his vehicle was attacked with a rocket propelled grenade .
Sgt. David M. Heath was killed when his unit was attacked by insurgents using rocket propelled grenades and small arms fire .
Private Kevin A. Cuming was killed when his vehicle was hit by a rocket propelled grenade .
Staff Sergeant Donald A. Davis died from wounds suffered when his vehicle was attacked with a rocket propelled grenade .
Sgt. William Bushnell was killed when his vehicle was hit by a rocket propelled grenade .
Staff Sergeant Marlon Harper was killed when his vehicle was attacked with small arms fire and rocket propelled grenades .
Sgt. Joshua A. Johnson was killed when his vehicle was hit with a rocket propelled grenade .
Staff Sergeant John A. Lawton was killed when his convoy was taken under attack with rocket propelled grenades .
Staff Sergeant Marvin Lee
Trost III was killed when his vehicle was hit by a rocket propelled grenade .
Pvt. Corey P. Depew was killed when his vehicle was hit by a rocket propelled grenade .
Specialist Peter G. Enos was killed when his vehicle was hit by a rocket propelled grenade .
Those earlier barons disappeared by the 1920s and , constrained by the Depression and by the greater government oversight and high income tax rates that followed , no one really took their place .
Then , starting in the late 1970s , as the constraints receded , new tycoons gradually emerged , and now their concentrated wealth has made the early years of the 21st century truly another Gilded Age .
Only twice before over the last century has 5 percent of the national income gone to families in the upper one - one - hundredth of a percent of the income distribution — currently , the almost 15,000 families with incomes of $ 9.5 million or more a year , according to an analysis of tax returns by the economists Emmanuel Saez at the University of California , Berkeley and Thomas Piketty at the Paris School of Economics .
Such concentration at the very top occurred in 1915 and 1916 , as the Gilded Age was ending , and again briefly in the late 1920s , before the stock market crash .
Now it is back , and Mr. Weill is prominent among the new titans .
His net worth exceeds $ 1 billion , not counting the $ 500 million he says he has already given away , in the open - handed style of Andrew Carnegie and the other great philanthropists of the earlier age .
At 74 , just over a year into retirement as Citigroup chairman , Mr. Weill sees in Carnegie ’s life aspects of his own .
Andrew Carnegie , an impoverished Scottish immigrant , built a steel empire in Pittsburgh , taking risks that others shunned , just as the demand for steel was skyrocketing .
He then gave away his fortune , reasoning that he was lucky to have been in the right spot at the right moment and he owed the community for his good luck — not in higher wages for his workers , but in philanthropic distribution of his wealth .
Mr. Weill ’s beginnings were similarly inauspicious .
A son of immigrants from Poland , raised in Brooklyn , a so - so college student , he landed on Wall Street in a low - level job in the 1950s .
Harnessing entrepreneurial energy , deftness as a deal maker and an appetite for risk , with a rising stock market pulling him along , he built a financial empire that , in his view , successfully broke through the stultifying constraints that flowed from the New Deal .
They were constraints not just on what business could or could not do , but on every high earner ’s take - home pay .
SoundExchange , a group responsible for collecting music broadcasting royalties , on Friday confirmed it has proposed new terms for internet radio that could lower fees for some webcasters .
While limited in scope , Thursday 's proposal offers a partial reprieve for smaller sites facing the axe Sunday when a payment scheme approved by the Copyright Royalty Board , or CRB , is set to take effect .
Webcasters have said the fees would effectively force many services that personalize individual channels for listeners to close shop by the end of the weekend .
Under the new proposal , which must be implemented by the CRB , SoundExchange would cap the $ 500 annual per-channel minimum fee at $ 50,000 per year for webcasters .
In exchange , webcasters could be required to provide more detailed data on the music that they play and make an effort to stop unauthorized copying from streamrippers – software that can turn ephemeral net radio streams into permanent recordings .
In addition to the minimum caps proposal , Webcasters were given assurances that negotiations would continue to work out breathing room for small and non-commercial broadcasters .
“ We believe that this minimum fee proposal addresses webcasters ’ concerns about the minimum fee affecting webcasters with hundreds or even thousands of stations , ” said SoundExchange Executive Director John Simson .
A SoundExchange representative cautioned that the proposal did not constitute a formal deal , and added that neither SoundExchange nor Simson had ever promised not to enforce the current royalty scheme .
Rather , the new proposal would take effect down the road only if it is approved , at which time it would supercede the current scheme .
Webcasters still owe payments under the new CRB rates as of Monday , but SoundExchange has stated it will not take immediate action to shut down sites that do n't pay on time .
Instead , fees and penalties such as interest will begin to accrue on that date .
Larger webcasters , such as Yahoo and AOL , will be expected to pay on time , the group said .
Amounts owed by smaller sites could change , although there is no guarantee that they will .
Under one likely scenario , small sites might be permitted to webcast under their old , percentage - based rates until 2010 .
Large webcasters will be spared the minimum fee - per - channel rates , but according to SoundExchange , the flat per-song per-listener fee for large webcasters is not subject to negotiation .
Although the proposal is provisional and limited in scope , one participant expressed relief .
" It was getting pretty close , " said Tim Westergreen , founder of Pandora , one of the most popular webcasting services under threat .
" I always had underlying optimism that sanity was going to prevail , but I was beginning to wonder . "
Opponents of new internet radio charges had asked Congress to enact emergency relief legislation this week , pleading that " dead webcasters pay no royalties . "
The call came after a federal appeals court refused to delay new royalty rates expected to bankrupt many webcasters .
Affected stations had appealed for an emergency stay of the rates to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit , but a panel of judges declined in a ruling made public Thursday morning .
" We are disappointed that the court failed to acknowledge the irreparable and , quite frankly , devastating effect these new royalties will have on the internet radio industry , " said Jake Ward , a representative of the SaveNetRadio coalition of webcasters , net radio listeners and artists , in a statement .
The royalty payments , set by the CRB and collected by SoundExchange , would be retroactive to the beginning of 2006 , and could total tens of thousands of dollars even for webcasters that produce no revenues .
Webcasting royalty payments would total $ 0.0008 for each song played to each listener in 2006 , plus $ 0.0011 for those played in the first half of 2007 , applied against a minumum payment of $ 500 per - channel - per - year .
The charges would instantly crush webcasters that offer personalized streams for each listener – a common feature on existing net radio services such as Pandora .
The per-listener rates would rise to $ 0.0019 per song by 2010 .
Thursday 's deal marks a sharp turnaround for SoundExchange , which told Wired News just hours before that the new online radio royalty rates are " etched in stone . "
Observers credited lobbying by net radio listeners with helping bring pressure on SoundExchange .
" This is a direct result of lobbying pressure , so if anyone thinks their call did n't matter , it did , " said Westergren .
" That 's why this is happening . "
The deal opens the door for longer - term solutions , including action from Congress .
On Thursday , Rep. Ed Markey ( D - Massachusetts ) called parties representing record labels and webcasters before the House Committee on Energy and Commerce to try to broker a deal that would allow online radio stations to survive in something similar to their current form , while still paying labels and artists their due .
The as - yet - unpassed Internet Radio Equality
Act proposes that webcasters switch to a percentage - based royalty system similar to the 7.5 - percent - of - revenue fee structure enjoyed by satellite and cable radio broadcasters .
Under that scheme , webcasters that produce negligible revenues could escape payments altogether – a prospect that 's unlikely to please the recording industry .
Webcasters could also work out individual deals with SoundExchange .
If a permanent deal is ultimately worked out between the two parties , it would most likely involve something other than a straight percentage fee , but something less onerous than the rates scheduled to go into effect .
Prior to Thursday 's agreement , SoundExchange offered a deal to webcasters that would spare them from paying the minimum per-channel fees until 2008 or later , but few have jumped at the offer .
Jon Potter , head of the Digital Music Association , has dismissed it in the past , saying " a billion - dollar ' minimum fee ' is equally absurd in 2006 , 2007 , 2008 , 2009 or 2010 . "
A new report puts Google in last place when it comes to privacy protection .
Despite recent moves to anonymize server logs and other pro-privacy gestures , Privacy International called the company " an endemic threat to privacy . "
Only Google earned the dismal " black " color bar from the group , which has just issued a report on Internet privacy that took six months to assemble ( see the rankings [ PDF ] ) .
The current report is preliminary ; final results will be released in September .
The report rated top Internet companies on privacy issues and distilled the various results into a single color bar .
Microsoft was two ranks up from Google , earning a curry - colored " serious lapses " rating .
Amazon scored one level higher with its yellow " notable lapses " rank , and eBay did even better , earning a coveted blue bar .
No company earned a top mark , however .
In singling out Google , Privacy International said that it " witnessed an attitude to privacy within Google that at its most blatant is hostile , and at its most benign is ambivalent . "
This stands in contrast to Microsoft , which several years ago would have earned the worst spot on the list .
But " in more recent times the organization appears to have adopted a less antagonistic attitude to privacy , and has at least structurally adjusted to the challenge of creating a privacy - friendly environment , " says the report .
Google is taken to task for the usual issues : providing no way for users to expunge data , maintaining search logs that could contain personally - identifiable terms , tracking Google Toolbar users on the web , etc .
But it 's not just Google 's policies that give Privacy International concern ; the group worries especially about these policies being implemented by a company as large as Google .
The report 's authors admit that Google 's low ranking is in part " due to Google 's market dominance and the sheer size of its user base . "
People are suspicious of massive corporations , it appears , no matter how non-evil they think they are .
The latest caper looming over the technology sector makes us long for the days when HP spied on reporters and Oracle went slumming through Microsoft 's garbage .
Those were wholesome scandals centered on good , old fashioned corporate espionage .
Now we find Broadcom co-founder Henry Nicholas locked in a lawsuit with former aide Kenji Kato , as the parties fight over drugs , prostitution and Judo allegations .
Kato , for example , claims that Nicholas - when not threatening to make disobedient workers " disappear " - would stay awake for four days in a row , fueled by heroin and cocaine that he then forced others to ingest .
Nicholas , who has denied all such charges , has tried to counter Kato 's claims by hiring detectives to watch his every move , according to a report in the Wall Street Journal .
The end result is a lawsuit the likes of which we 've never seen before - a suit that makes us wish we 'd befriended Nicholas and paid more attention to Broadcom .
WSJ reporter James Bandler managed to catch up with all the parties involved in this dispute .
His story notes that Nicholas is currently being investigated in relation to one of the stock options probes now so familiar to Silicon Valley companies .
( Broadcom has taken more than $ 2bn in charges for backdating options grants . )
He 's also involved in a divorce - based feud with his wife over more than $ 1bn in Broadcom stock .
( Nicholas left Broadcom in 2003 . )
All in all , it 's been a rough few months for Nicholas .
Kato made things even worse by filing a lawsuit against Nicholas , which now seeks $ 3 m for a variety of things , including compensation for work done as Nicholas ' aide - cum - bodyguard and emotional distress .
You might think drugs and whores sound like a good time - not according to Kato .
A copy of the lawsuit obtained by The Register shows Kato accusing Nicholas of carrying a concealed weapon with him at all times , performing Judo chops while standing close to others , threatening people like an angry drill sergeant and vowing to " make people disappear " using contacts formed through work with the Defense Department .
You know - typical officer banter .
And then there 's the drugs and whores .
We promised you drugs and whores .
According to Kato 's lawsuit , Nicholas used to stroll into Kato 's bedroom at 3 a.m. " holding a plate with a pile of cocaine or other drug , and demanding that he ' party ' with him because 'he was bored and lonely . ' "
Nicholas also made Kato entertain him like a court jester and demanded that Kato take drugs , the lawsuit said .
Nicholas forced Kato to keep a large supply of drugs on hand at all times as well , to " look the other way " when Nicholas spiked clients ' drinks with drugs and to bring prostitutes around for clients ' entertainment , according to the lawsuit .
Kato worked for Nicholas for several years and forged a " parent - son bond " with his employer .
But Kato is apparently really , really upset about the behavior now that he's had a chance to reflect on Broadcom 's Dionysian period .
Nicholas has rebuffed all of these charges and then gone a couple of steps further .
For one , he wants to make it clear that he 's not really into drug dealers .
The WSJ reports :
Mr. Nicholas said his sister was murdered by a drug - dealing boyfriend years ago .
" I really do n't like drug dealers , " he said .
Nicholas has also , through his lawyers and detectives , taken the liberty of insinuating that Kato is now up to no good .
We 're told that Kato was spotted " lighting something up as he sat alone in his parked car " and that he 's been " passing and receiving duffel bags with young men and meeting with men in hooded sweatshirts . "
It must be tough to carry around duffel bags full of young men , but we understand that some drugs do give you super strength .
[ Seriously , is that meant to make us think Kato is into drugs or gay jocks ?
- Ed ]
As for the sweatshirts and smoking . . .
Well , friends , this looks like the type of lawsuit that will just keep on giving , although we 're not sure you can top spiking customers ' drinks with cocaine before forcing your bodyguard to witness an orgy .
Here 's us hoping . ®
READER COMMENTS ON
" INCREDIBLE ! FOX 'NEWS ' LABELS FOLEY AS DEM DURING O'REILLY FACTOR ! "
( 175 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 10/3/2006 @ 6:44 pm PT ...
The Daily Show 's sarcastic humor about FOX News actually comes true .
Last night , that new English reporter ( who 's hilarious ) said this whole thing was the Democrats ' fault , and they should confess .
http://www.crooksandliar...wart-takes-on-foleygate/
Is this enough bullshit to vote for Clint Curtis ???
Floridians ?????
Can you see the lies ?????
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... steve said on 10/3/2006 @ 6:55 pm PT ...
What a dumb ass O'Reilly is and the Fox Network .
Neo-con network at work
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... TomR said on 10/3/2006 @ 6:57 pm PT ...
That 's no accident .
They are as shameless as sociopaths can get .
I doubt they 'll correct their use of these unAmerican , unethical tactics .
They play down to their viewers as ignorant trash , expecting them to lap it up .
It would be a miracle if they admitted their " mistake . "
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... hotpotatomash said on 10/3/2006 @ 6:58 pm PT ...
looks like hannity is taking a different approach ... not mentioning it at all .
school shooting , n.korea nukes , then some 20 year old girl reporting / swift boating murtha and according to colmes is a story about a bear on a bender .
what could they be leaving out ?
i swear there was some other news today .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Brian said on 10/3/2006 @ 6:59 pm PT ...
That 's no accident .
Just blame it on the other guys right ?
But in this case ... claim your guy IS one of the other guys .
Amazing .
Faux News " we distort you get lies "
BTW O'liely is a cowering liar .... FACT .
Gee do you think the " fair and ballanced " news channel will issue a correction ?
( Do n't hold your breath )
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... hotpotatomash said on 10/3/2006 @ 7:02 pm PT ...
just realized i missed beginning of hannity so do n't quote me on the above .
great segment on the bear though .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... MattK D1 said on 10/3/2006 @ 7:04 pm PT ...
This is n't the first time they made a " mistake " of this nature .
On Sunday , they ran the following :
" Reid : Did Dems Ignore Foley Emails to Preserve a Seat ? "
As
Pyrrho said on Kos :
( http://www.dailykos.com/...ory/2006/10/1/183816/972 )
I saw it , another bit of text rotated in , then it came up again and set for 30 seconds or so .
Note , this was not a ticker , but a text graphic while talking about Foley .
Yes , they 're claiming that 's a paraphrased quote from Reid , who of course said this about Republicans , not Democrats . "
These are not happening by accident .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Joe Republican said on 10/3/2006 @ 7:11 pm PT ...
I am a Republican .
Nothing the Republicans can do will make me vote otherwise .
Even if they had a holocaust against moms .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... bob said on 10/3/2006 @ 7:22 pm PT ...
I am a Republican .
Nothing the Republicans can do will make me vote otherwise .
Even if they had a holocaust against moms .
Which makes perfect sense : because if a Democrat ever had that sort of blind loyalty , we 'd kick 'em out of the party .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Terre said on 10/3/2006 @ 7:24 pm PT ...
Brad - at the very bottom of the screen shot , your note says " Screenshot from 6/3/06 ... "
Should n't that be 10/3/06 ?
{ Ed note :
Thanks , Terre .
You 're correct .
Got so slammed with so many linking up to the story , I could n't get in to fix it until just now .
But it 's fixed .
Gracias !
- BF}
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Robert M said on 10/3/2006 @ 7:26 pm PT ...
Thank you bradblog.com .
While I do n't have the resources or time to do REAL reporting like you do , you are one of the top 3 sites I visit every day .
Being a Floridian , I face an uphill battle everyday and I do what I can with the very limited resources I have to pile on whenever I can ( florida.blueblogsradio.com ) .
This is no mistake by FauxNews .
Their position is indefensible (! ) therefore they will do whatever they can , no matter how despicable or reprehensible , to further their Authoritarian Cause .
Thank you for being a true American hero .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... John Beck said on 10/3/2006 @ 7:42 pm PT ...
" I am a Republican .
Nothing the Republicans can do will make me vote otherwise .
Even if they had a holocaust against moms . "
' Joe Republican ' , my god .
Now I know it 's true .
I had heard there were Americans as dumb as rocks ( no , mud ) and so enthralled with their political party , ANYTHING could happen and they 'd still be little sheep and vote for them , but I really did n't think anyone could truly be so stupid , so naive , so UN - independant .
They could brutalize and kill mothers , and you 'd still vote for them ?!?
You 're less an American Joe , and more a machine , it seems .
A voting machine .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... sjay said on 10/3/2006 @ 7:46 pm PT ...
That 's no mistake .
They swell in their addiction to lying .
Imagine the disgusting excitement of whomever thought to print lie to fool their base of consumers / viewers / voters .
Again .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... John said on 10/3/2006 @ 7:51 pm PT ...
Fox News : Al Jazeera West .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... nonbeliever said on 10/3/2006 @ 7:53 pm PT ...
Well if they really think Fox News is Fair and Balanced they 're easily manipulated anyway .
Well played Rupert .
Keep the sheeple in line .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... kasinca said on 10/3/2006 @ 7:56 pm PT ...
I could n't believe the graphic at the bottom of the screen .
I guess that is what they call fair and balanced on FOX and they know their faithful viewers are so stupid they will believe he is a Democrat .
O'Leilly also had mAnn Coulter on and she hopes that Mark recovers ... afterall he did what Democrats wo n't do , according to her , and entered recovery for his pedophilia .
That thirty percent base that stands behind Dubya is looking dumber by the day .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... THE UNAPOLOGETIC MEXICAN said on 10/3/2006 @ 7:56 pm PT ...
Is not " Joe Republican " simply creating a persona , though , to illustrate the zombielike devotion of the Bush cultist ?
I have to think so .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... rexwine said on 10/3/2006 @ 7:57 pm PT ...
Too bad , they did n't get a video clip for Youtube .
A couple million hits , people notice .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... bluebrain said on 10/3/2006 @ 8:02 pm PT ...
FOX again serves up more pabulum for the christo - fascist , lunatic fringe , zombie - brigade .
Even the frc is spinning their response .
Had enough of the lies , deception , propaganda , and our crumbling freedoms in America ?
Vote for Change in November .
Thank you Brad Blog for sharing the truth once again .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Andrew said on 10/3/2006 @ 9:13 pm PT ...
Um ... wow .
I did n't think old Billy could go any worse .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 10/3/2006 @ 9:14 pm PT ...
Boy this site has been having problems , maybe a denial of service attack ?
It seems that a recent article on Feeney disappeared .
The one where they were discussing whether Feeney agreed to a debate or not .
Someone was complaining of their proof they posted that he said he would debate clint was missing from the blog , now that whole article went off somewhere ...
Hmmm .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... swmbo said on 10/3/2006 @ 9:20 pm PT ...
Good job .
Please fix the caption you added to the screenshot .
It currently reads ' Screenshot from 6/03/06 .'
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Fred said on 10/3/2006 @ 9:22 pm PT ...
" I am a Republican .
Nothing the Republicans can do will make me vote otherwise .
Even if they had a holocaust against moms . "
A holocaust of your mom would be nice though !
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... canadianvisitor said on 10/3/2006 @ 9:22 pm PT ...
I am a Canadian viewer , and I read about this at another site , and I get Fox News through our satellite subscription .
I just watched O'Reilly for the second time tonight via time shifting from east coast to west coast , and that banner was not visible on our Canadian version of O'Reilly .
The first ime I watched it at 8:00 I did n't notice it , and then upon reading what they did with it , I rewatched it at 11:00 Pm and again I never noticed anything .
On my screen I got the whole picture as above but with no banner whatsoever .
I just thought I would mention it but no banner labelling him a Democrat on my canadian version , in fact no banner at all , just full picture right down to the ticker at the bottom .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Suba said on 10/3/2006 @ 9:25 pm PT ...
Seems to me the liberals cant read and this whole thing is a farce .
So the image is June 06 but your posting it noe to try and upset the whiny liberals ?
You talk about fox spinning shit jesus
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Scot Post said on 10/3/2006 @ 9:31 pm PT ...
They 've never been " Fair and Balanced "
just " Fraud and Bullshit "
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... loser said on 10/3/2006 @ 9:34 pm PT ...
Suba :
It says " former congressman " , so obviously it was n't 6/3 .
It was 10/3 , and they made a typo , genius .
Excuse me , I mean , moron .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... darkism said on 10/3/2006 @ 9:38 pm PT ...
The screenshot says " June 6 . " Big deal .
The super still says " FORMER Congressman . "
Was Foley a FORMER Congressman on June 6 ?
I rest my case .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 10/3/2006 @ 9:39 pm PT ...
fox is down - right criminal .
This perfect example of fox lies in black &
White or living color . . .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Candidus said on 10/3/2006 @ 9:39 pm PT ...
There 's a difference between D and R? Shazaam !
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... darkism said on 10/3/2006 @ 9:41 pm PT ...
Actually , the screenshot says June 3 , of course .
The rest of my point is valid , though .
See what happens when you do n't fact - check the freepers ?
Oh , and see that story on the bottom scroll ?
About Vickie Jackson ?
http://www.forbes.com/ho...006/10/03/ap3064077.html
Dated 10.03.2006 .
Need any more proof this screenshot is n't old ?
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Malisson said on 10/3/2006 @ 9:42 pm PT ...
" Seems to me the liberals cant read and this whole thing is a farce .
So the image is June 06 but your posting it noe to try and upset the whiny liberals ? "
Um , hello .... it says Former Congressman on the graphic and Foley was still a congressman on 6/3/06 .
You 're the one who needs to learn how to read !
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 10/3/2006 @ 9:50 pm PT ...
I 'm still having trouble with stuff loading s l o w today from this site .
I find it interesting that Canada may have had no banner at all .
Can anyone confirm that .
I 'm going to tape it at 1:00 am and see if they still have it up .
Surely they fixed it after it 's initial airing .
They can only get away with so much .
The real test is whether they mention the mistake on air and correct it , or just let it do it 's subliminal job
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Maria said on 10/3/2006 @ 9:55 pm PT ...
Actually Al - Jazeera is a great news organization , far and away more ' fair and balanced ' than Fox ; you should give it a try .
I read the website several times a week .
Their reporters have to be pretty brave to work there , that 's for sure .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Casey Kochmer said on 10/3/2006 @ 10:56 pm PT ...
Fox news should be labeled as Fox Lies ...
The number one source of all lairs ...
Peace and Freedom now !
Turn off the news , Live by your actions and not by fear .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 10/3/2006 @ 11:03 pm PT ...
Chris Hooten -
Speaking of problems with this site , for some reason , I could n't log on to BradBlog at all from about 8 PM til after 9:30 PM today .
Had no trouble logging on to other sites .
Could n't even go to the link to this article on Raw Story .
Anyone else have this problem ?
Do n't know if it was my server , the site or something else .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 10/3/2006 @ 11:12 pm PT ...
I know there was another article pertaining to foley where floridiot started out questioning whether there was some weird thing with Republicans and diddling little boys .
I made a comment about how the anti-gay repubs are creepy , and also mentioned visits to the white house by Gannon / Guckert .
I asked who he might have been visiting there .
The next reply from someone else mentioned just " R*ve "
Where did that whole article and comments go ?
{ ED NOTE : Thanks , Chris !
Not sure what happened , but that article on Foley and Feeney got set to " private " for some reason .
I 've now restored it and it 's right here for those who are interested .
- BF}
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... mari said on 10/3/2006 @ 11:13 pm PT ...
OH MY GOD !
I was at a family gathering last weekend and my family is split half reps , half dems .
I started to talk about the loss of habeaus corpus rights and suddenly my family said we will not talk about politics at a birthday party !
I was apalled .
I looked at these people who are educated , smart people !
I was at a loss of words .
Last thursday when congress passed the bill to take away Habeaus Corpus rights I cried !!
I told them that our constitution was at risk .
I was so angry .
The only words that I could think were " you are all stupid " !
This is not a word that I would ever use or direct at another person , especially a family member but I was so mad that they are not informed by the daily media to see what this government is doing !
I explaned0 what the government was up to !
My uncle told me to calm down and that the Supreme court would intercede .
I think I need therapy .
I can't believe this is my family , I can't believe this is my country !
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... cromulant said on 10/3/2006 @ 11:14 pm PT ...
A couple things I am thinking .
Everyone here agrees that Fox is deliberately trying to confuse and influence viewers with this graphic .
It is remarkable for its boldness .
Other conservative media ( Limbaugh ) are asking " what kind of kid keeps IM messages from 2003 ? " , suggesting further that this is a Democratic set - up saved for an election bomb .
Rush is also attacking Brian Ross directly and says Ross admitted he " knew " of the story in August but did nothing himself , so why the righteous indignation about Hastert moving slow ?
( Evidently Ross said something along the lines of having no staff to move on the rumors he had heard in August .
He said on Larry King the IM stuff did not arrive until this past Friday and he released it on the same day . )
By the directness and stridency of the attack , it appears Rush is working overtime for joy - boy Rove .
The level of desperation is increasing , so my fear of this blowing over too quickly to make an impression on a broad swath of voters is beginning to fade .
It looks like it is going to stick .
But here is my next qualm :
Rove is not above faking scandal to counter a scandal ( remember the alleged bugging of his campaign office during the Texas governor 's race ) .
The stakes are higher and the sweat is beginning to show .
I believe that is the next move and the target has to be spectacular if he expects to win the Religious Right back by election day .
The Bush Administration has the power right now to frame people as traitors for real , not just politically .
They have the power to eavesdrop without showing cause to a court .
They can do all the things the Soviet Union could do in the bad old days , and they know it .
How large a step is it for the this crowd to take when they have come so far already ?
Are you guys thinking much about that ?
I still do not see the Dems organizing their message , but I do see them as having a little more time .
I hope they use it wisely .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 10/3/2006 @ 11:20 pm PT ...
Hmm , where did all the clint curtis / feeney links to articles go ?
They were on the top and right of the homepage .
Methinks there is a hacker .
{ ED NOTE : Those articles / links are still there as far as I can tell , Chris .
In the red box on the right side of the page .
For the record , the Summary of the Clint Curtis story is always at : https://BradBlog.com/ClintCurtisSummary.htm and the index of key articles is at https://BradBlog.com/ClintCurtis.htm.
We did get slammed here , however , after posting this item as folks linked up from everywhere .
The site was tough , if not impossible to get to for a while , so any sorta funky thing could have occurred during that period while the page was having a tough time loading .
- BF}
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... cromulant said on 10/3/2006 @ 11:23 pm PT ...
Oh and Mari -- you saw Invasion of the Body Snatchers did n't you ?
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Republicanism causes paedophilia said on 10/3/2006 @ 11:26 pm PT ...
but he 's a filthy pedo - surely people must realise that makes him a republican by definition http://www.armchairsubversive.com/
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... McCamy Taylor said on 10/3/2006 @ 11:33 pm PT ...
To lie about the facts in a criminal case , say to tell the public that a burglar at large was black when he was really white , would be to put the public at risk .
A reporter might be tempted to do this for political or racist reasons .
Someone on Fox News lied and told the viewers that Foley was a Democrat for political reasons .
Right now , he is a criminal at large .
Fox
News cares more about politics than the public 's right to know and protect the safety of its own children .
The governmental bodies which regulate cable should look at Fox 's actions .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... MMIIXX said on 10/3/2006 @ 11:37 pm PT ...
... Steve
I 'm having problems loading " bradblog.com " also , from New Zealand .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 10/3/2006 @ 11:39 pm PT ...
this is the link to the missing article from yesterday
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 10/3/2006 @ 11:41 pm PT ...
You know , the Rolling Stone article may be increasing the hits dramatically , but it does n't make articles vanish from the home page
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Ty Graham said on 10/3/2006 @ 11:41 pm PT ...
I just wanted to say excelent job here !
How did you capture the video at the right time ?
Did you expect a boo - boo from Faux News ?
Is Fox News Corp ( Myspace owned ) as bad as Faux News ?
BTW , I clicked on one of ur sponsors cuz you deserve it .
thanks a lot for being an unbiased american and looking at the FACTS .
This country needs more people like you on both sides of the party lines .
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 10/3/2006 @ 11:42 pm PT ...
Chris I noticed the site was slow to , perhaps it was under attack .
This admin has divided so many families !
I 'll bet the major common denomonator is the folk depend on the msm and those that do n't .
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... des said on 10/3/2006 @ 11:46 pm PT ...
Chris ---
Brad was finally able to get back into the site --- it has been getting slammed with massive traffic --- to restore the post on Feeney and Foley ( read it here ) AND to fix the typo on the date of today 's screen shot .
He replied on your posts , above .
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 10/3/2006 @ 11:48 pm PT ...
Yup , it 's back .
Weird ...
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... MMIIXX said on 10/3/2006 @ 11:48 pm PT ...
" A " strike group " led by the nuclear aircraft carrier Eisenhower is heading to the Persian Gulf today . "
This might take the focus off Foley , those dirty Eye - rain - e- ans will sink it with the help of Osama ...
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 10/3/2006 @ 11:49 pm PT ...
What happened to Agent 99 ?
New name or something ?
Vacation ?
Win the lottery ?
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... Keith L. Dick said on 10/3/2006 @ 11:56 pm PT ...
They are " All Idiots " anyways are n't they ???...
Fool us into voting for them , then take advantage of us all the time they are in office ...
And when caught claim the Devil made them do it ...
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... cromulant said on 10/3/2006 @ 11:57 pm PT ...
MM11XX - at # 51 This was reported on Sept 21 in the The Nation .
I something else happening ?
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... phil said on 10/3/2006 @ 11:57 pm PT ...
If FOX has any honor or integrity , they will explain this title screen error .
And I can tell you right now that is EXACTLY what it is .
Someone typed the crap in wrong .
Did they do it on purpose ?
I do n't know .
Let us play Devil 's advocate .
THEY MAY NOT KNOW THEY DID IT !!!
If brought to their attention , they should post a correction on their website .
IF they do not post a correction that is EASY TO FIND then it was on pupose .
Just saying from a producer point of view , hell I have mis-spelled rock band names before .
( Like One time )
But when someone told me .
I corrected it and posted on my website .
You ca n't un - do what you 've already aired .
You already know it 's a corporate owned propaganda channel .
So publicise it .
Get in their cameraman 's faces with portable Freeway Blog style gorilla propaganda ( especially if they are LIVE ) they CAN NOT EDIT IT IF IT IS LIVE !!!
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 10/4/2006 @ 12:09 am PT ...
Were you born in 1940 Phil ?
Maybe December ?
Just wondering .
I would be very surprised .
If you were born in 1940 in December than you might know why I am probably asking ...
Not trying to pry or anything ...
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... John said on 10/4/2006 @ 12:34 am PT ...
Unbelievable .
Fox , aka BushTV strikes again , and hits an even lower low than usual .
The Fox " News " Channel should be held accountable for the state of our country , which is worse than I have ever seen it .
The tragic part is that the majority of Americans see this Republican propaganda machine as the only " real " news channel and will feed right into the propaganda machine and swallow it without question ; I wo n't watch it , I think they have subliminal messages in there .....:P
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... phil said on 10/4/2006 @ 12:37 am PT ...
# 56 Chris Hooten
Don't go there with me .
Your attacking the MESSENGER .
I do n't like fox .
I just told you it 's propaganda .
I just told you several ways , of how to combat it .
( Have you written FOX yet ? )
I have a MUSIC TV SHOW on public access .
( Non Corporate Owned )
I deal with my websites , email , servers , bands , record companies , video editing , and video production , music production ... all one man , me .
I am not a journalist , with a TON of resources .
I do n't have live camera 's broadcasting across public airwaves , I do n't have a boatload of paid editors working under me .
I do n't have a BOSS !!!
I do n't have a webmaster .
I do n't have a sysad .
I do n't have a corporate distributed security plan .
I do n't have lighting , or a studio , or millions of dollars of equipment , and personel .
I do n't have a talk host personality working for me .
I do the whole damn thing myself .
When a computer goes down , I do n't have a technician fix it , I FIX IT .
But I can tell you I know that someone TYPED that D instead of an R .
( Who ever runs the TITLE screens )
What was their motive ?
My opinion , to spin it .
Maybe they hate Democrats so much they un-consciously typed a D .
In either event , they owe a correction .
NOT ME .
Considering they run news every night , they have plenty of air time to correct it .
NOT ME .
Me personally I have a ONE HOUR A MONTH show .
If I make a mistake , I correct it on my website .
BUT I MAKE THE GOD DAMN CORRECTION .
So do n't come off on me eluding that I was born in Nazi Germany and I am some player for the Republicans propaganda !
You would be better off taking my advice , and go to the DOLLAR STORE , and buy some posterboard , and sharpie pens and get out there and start stalking the media 's known locations .
( I have though about this a lot and it would be QUITE EFFECTIVE if executed continously every day , day after day .
When they want to interview you , CHANGE THE TOPIC .
Do n't give em any fluff , make them record what YOU WANT , not what they can spin or FILL the time with more FLUFF !!!!!!!!!!!!
I HAVE SERVED MY COUNTRY .
( USAF 1981 - 1985 )
I have not broken my OATH !
Your leaders have .
In my opinion we have an illegitamate government .
I am just telling you my viewpoint .
What you do with the information is up to you .
I gave my HONEST opinion .
Sorry you read it the wrong way .
If you know better about video production then give a better explanation of how this could have happened .
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 10/4/2006 @ 12:54 am PT ...
Most people do n't know foley from a hole in the wall . . . . . no pun intended . . . well maybe a glory hole !
I was just thinking about this ( D ) ( R ) the other day so I say 100 % intensional !
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... mari said on 10/4/2006 @ 12:57 am PT ...
Please do not feel that you have to represent all of us who know what this government is doing .
You are a true American .
Chris Hooten !
I have cried many nights this past year and I will continue to cry for the abuse that our government is doing in the name of Democracy .
I have not been political until this past two years .
I am horrified at the direction this government is going .
I.E. Loss of Habeus Corpus !
I cry , I cry , and I hope the world hears my cries !
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... The Truth said on 10/4/2006 @ 1:03 am PT ...
{ ED NOTE : Doctored version of graphic --- certainly not " The Truth " as the poster 's user name would wish you to believe --- removed .
Disinfo not allowed here .
Thanks !
- BF}
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... RobM said on 10/4/2006 @ 1:06 am PT ...
SAME THING HAPPENED IN THE L.A. TIMES Just read over at DKos that the L.A.
Times has pulled the same trick , regarding this same Foley business .
Check out the diary at Daily Kos .
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 10/4/2006 @ 1:07 am PT ...
The fox is in the chickenhawk coup . . . . .
While Fatty Bastert covers . . .
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 10/4/2006 @ 1:13 am PT ...
The fox is guarding chickenhawk coup . . .
Mark foley costumes will go over big this Halloweenie . . .
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/4/2006 @ 1:19 am PT ...
Without a doubt , it was on purpose
Say what you will , but this is subliminal ( rhymes with criminal ) propaganda at its lowest
They ran it first during dinner hour , which is their most watched time , so no one could call them on it
I 'll even bet they 've figured out that 60 % of their viewers would see that and not question it any further This was no accident
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... what now toons said on 10/4/2006 @ 1:22 am PT ...
Those lying motherf ******s!!!!!!!
They must really be afraid of this issue , well good , they can shove it up their Holier than thou ass .
After all the grief they created over gay marriage , and consenting adult sex with Monica , and you name it , they have the nerve to try and cover this crap up .
No F *** ing way , this s***s goanna blow up in their faces , big time .
This is a turning point issue .
The bible thumpers are now faced with their ultimate irony .
They will either vote against these child molester protectors , or not vote out of ultimate shame .
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/4/2006 @ 1:25 am PT ...
... and it would n't supise me on the LA Times either It IS a subliminal conservative rag !!!
COMMENT # 68 [ Permalink ]
... DERMATOPHYTE said on 10/4/2006 @ 1:30 am PT ...
Faux News - O'Reilly the draft dodger - must be the
offecal news .
COMMENT #69 [ Permalink ]
... mari said on 10/4/2006 @ 1:36 am PT ...
# 24 How sad that you would vote republican no matter what , including a terrible calimity .
Take a moment and become a truth seeker .
The bottom line is truth and honesty rule .
This republican administration has done only harm to our country .
We all must cry at the administrations lack of protecting our children and our country !
It is simply apalling that you would continue to support a government that is so corrupt .
Abuse is abuse and this government covered it up !
COMMENT # 70 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 10/4/2006 @ 1:37 am PT ...
Covering up for child predatores is an example of " family values " . . . . . that 's right out of the " gop " playbook . . .
All that " compassionate conservatism " going around cum 's around . . .
COMMENT # 71 [ Permalink ]
... mari said on 10/4/2006 @ 1:49 am PT ...
# 41 Yes , I saw the invasion of the body snatchers and I agree we are in a horror film .
The film is reality !
COMMENT # 72 [ Permalink ]
... TTE said on 10/4/2006 @ 2:14 am PT ...
This is insane .
I 'm betting that by the time the Bush administration is out of office we 'll be too screwed to even move forward .
Hm , maybe John Titor was right about an upcoming civil war ...
At least there 's enough people to call them on their " mistakes " though .
COMMENT # 73 [ Permalink ]
... MMIIXX said on 10/4/2006 @ 2:21 am PT ...
" I agree we are in a horror film .
" " B Grade " horror movie that is .
COMMENT # 74 [ Permalink ]
... MMIIXX said on 10/4/2006 @ 2:22 am PT ...
ex - foley - gate ?
COMMENT # 75 [ Permalink ]
... Charles " Carlos " Middleton , Sr. said on 10/4/2006 @ 3:42 am PT ...
It is quite obvious O'Reilly is STAUNCHLY COMMITTED to doing the Bush administration 's bidding in a bias and spinful way .
His motto : " This is a no spin zone , " is a joke ; pure and simple .
The only difference is , he is not standing side - by - side with Tony Snow as a Bush staffer .
That is definitely where he should be .
O'Reilly 's interview last night with Bob Woodard is a testament to that charge and observation .
You decide !
COMMENT # 76 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 10/4/2006 @ 4:02 am PT ...
If FOX is trying to confuse viewers , let 's be more specific ... they 're trying to confuse STUPID viewers .
Which means they 're trying to confuse THEIR viewers !!!
COMMENT # 77 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 10/4/2006 @ 4:05 am PT ...
You know what ?
As I read the comments above , you see the trolls making excuses for FOX News , just like Republicans !
Foley does a despicable act , he goes into alcohol rehab for cover and his attorney blames the clergy ... Rice " ca n't remember " being told of the impending Al Quada attack ... Hastert " can't remember " being told about Foley ... CUT THE SHIT OUT , PROPOGANDISTS !!!
COMMENT # 78 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 10/4/2006 @ 4:14 am PT ...
This " D - FL " was 100 % intentional ... believing otherwise , you are a " kook - aid " drinker .
No one in their right mind , right now with Foley 's name all over the news and on the tip of everyones ' tongue ( uhhhh ... sorry about that analogy ! ) , would make that mistake unintentionally .
Expect FOX
News to say nothing about this ... OR ... make up some phony excuse like all Republicans do ...( see my comments above , Foley blames clergy , Rice , Hastert , etc ... ) .
The best they will do , is to make some type of retraction which will FURTHER muddy the waters and advance their agenda .
Do n't expect " we want to notify our viewers that Foley is in fact a Republican " ... it 'll be something like , " the ' D ' in ' D - FL ' stood for ' Despicable ' ... we assume you all knew that '......
COMMENT # 79 [ Permalink ]
... plunger said on 10/4/2006 @ 4:27 am PT ...
.
That 's no accident .
The person responsible for graphics featured onscreen had to physically go into the Foley file and change a pre-existing graphic that had been relied on for years .
They do n't just generate those graphics on the fly when they already have preset titles for every politician on file .
This change was done in advance of the show under the orders of someone at Fox , and a graphics person made the change .
FIND OUT WHO .
EXPOSE IT . .
COMMENT # 80 [ Permalink ]
... Dan said on 10/4/2006 @ 5:01 am PT ...
Agree 100 % with Plunger in comment # 79 .
This was no mistake .
Graphics that are applied to feeds are prepared beforehand when ever possible .
For public personna who make the news regularly , Graphics for application are stored and used as needed .
This was no mistake , and FauxNews is only exposing their own dark slimy underbelly as mouthpiece for the PNAC .
COMMENT # 81 [ Permalink ]
... KestrelBrighteyes said on 10/4/2006 @ 5:13 am PT ...
So how do we call this to Jon Stewart 's attention ?
It 'd be a followup to his recent team coverage on the Foley pedophile scandal .
As far as saving IMs from 2003 - yeah , I can see where Rush would question the motive in saving text messages , but not say a word about someone saving a blue dress with semen stains for MONTHS .
COMMENT # 82 [ Permalink ]
... bluebrain said on 10/4/2006 @ 5:21 am PT ...
FOX again serves up more pabulum for the christo - fascist , lunatic fringe , zombie - brigade .
Even the frc is spinning their response .
http://www.frc.org/get.cfm?i=PR06J01
Had enough of the lies , deception , propaganda , and our crumbling freedoms in America ?
Vote for Change in November .
Thank you Brad Blog for sharing the truth once again .
COMMENT # 83 [ Permalink ]
... Scot said on 10/4/2006 @ 6:06 am PT ...
I love the comments that this is ' simply a typo ' ... um , is FoxNews that unprofessional ?
They may be despicable , but hardly unprofessional .
And do n't tell me it was rushed to production either .
Thanks for bringing this to the world 's attention , I 've mirrored the video content on my site SR4001 .
COMMENT # 84 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 10/4/2006 @ 6:09 am PT ...
THOUSANDS of people work for FOX News ...... and you 're telling me , not ONE of them said , " ...ummmm ....' scuse me ?
Bub ?
Foley 's not a Democrat ... "
BULLSHIT DETECTOR GOING OFF THE CHARTS !!!!!!!!!!
COMMENT # 85 [ Permalink ]
... steve said on 10/4/2006 @ 6:15 am PT ...
GOP : " GAY OLD PEDPHILES )
COMMENT # 86 [ Permalink ]
... Kay Guadagnino said on 10/4/2006 @ 6:16 am PT ...
Brad ,
THANK YOU AGAIN !
When I heard FEENEY , Fla .
Rep. My MIND said Election Fraud !
Could this be perhaps a cover for the fact , that someone is closer to the truth about the Electronic Voting Machines being hacked into , and now they are trying to divert the attention ?
If you notice how many scandals this administration has , they have another to cover the last scandal , and to divert the attention of the American people .
Seems like they have been holding this information to use , and get Feeney out of office before anyone else
figures it out .
Might be thinking out of the BOX , but GUYS , that is just what the the Republicans want you to think .
And it is just what they do , throw everything and anything and hope something sticks .
So anyone else think this just came UP ?
Not I .
Thanks for this forum to express my thoughts , Brad .
Kay
COMMENT # 87 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 10/4/2006 @ 6:25 am PT ...
Well , Kay , as I 've said before , we progressives can walk and chew gum at the same time .
We do n't take our eye off the ball when a story like this comes up .
WE can follow MULTIPLE stories , believe it or not ...
COMMENT # 88 [ Permalink ]
... Partisan police said on 10/4/2006 @ 6:47 am PT ...
You guys are a bunch of babies .
Like this is the first time in history a typo has ever occured on tv .
Ive seen many mislabeled names before .
I guess you can fill in whatever fantasies you want though this is the internet .
You dont have to have any logic .
COMMENT # 89 [ Permalink ]
... Alex G. said on 10/4/2006 @ 7:01 am PT ...
Typo ?
I was floored when I saw it and posted it on my blog as well .
I was accused of photoshopping it !!
Thanks Brad !
COMMENT #90 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 10/4/2006 @ 7:03 am PT ...
FOX Reporter : Chief !
We got a big scoop on Mark Foley , about internet pedofiling !
Chief : WAIT !!!
Is Foley a Republican or Democrat ?
FOX Reporter : Republican .
Chief : I think we have bigger issues right now than Foley .
Like the Crocodile Hunter just got killed by a Sting Ray .
FOX Reporter :
But what if ABC scoops us on it , and we had it first ???
Chief : Just put " D - FL " under Foley 's name !!!!!!!!!
COMMENT #91 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 10/4/2006 @ 7:12 am PT ...
Chief :
While you 're at it , dig up all you can about sting rays .
Are they Republicans or Democrats ?
Are they against the troops ?
Do they hate America ?
Are they for or against flag burning and gay marriage ?
Stuff like that ... NOW GO !!!!!!!!!!!
HOP TO IT !!!!
COMMENT # 92 [ Permalink ]
... Russ said on 10/4/2006 @ 7:14 am PT ...
If the mislabeling was intentional : Dayum !!!!!!!!!!!!!
COMMENT #93 [ Permalink ]
... Russ said on 10/4/2006 @ 7:17 am PT ...
Partisan police said on 10/4/2006 @ 6:47 am PT ...
You guys are a bunch of babies .
Like this is the first time in history a typo has ever occured on tv .
Ive seen many mislabeled names before .
I guess you can fill in whatever fantasies you want though this is the internet .
You dont have to have any logic .
-----------
What , you 're a spokesperson for Fox News now ?
COMMENT # 94 [ Permalink ]
... Lisa B said on 10/4/2006 @ 7:20 am PT ...
Finally , I got on !
This place was so busy last night I had a heck of a time pulling up it up .
Well anyway , here is what I wanted to post last night .
Those scum bags ( Fox . )
You know some of their listeners will believe he ’s a Democrat because
Fox do n’t have very intelligent people watching it .
I feel sorry for the person who had to watch it to find this out , and I thank whoever it was .
I was wondering could n’t the Democrats sue Fox for false advertisement , or defamation of a party ?
If anything , there should be a fine , at least .
I do n’t believe they made a mistake , not with these people , they knew what they were doing .
They also know their watchers are stupid , and easy to fool .
I say we all write the FCC and complain about this false and misleading Television station .
http://www.fcc.gov/voip/
COMMENT #95 [ Permalink ]
... Thomas said on 10/4/2006 @ 8:02 am PT ...
Get a grip people !
There are lots of issues to legitimately bash Fox News on- a typo is n't one of them .
When people see hysterical overreactions like we have here , they discount the real issues with the hyped ones .
Intentional ?
Possible but really unlikely , and they fixed the mistake .
Big deal ?
Not at all - everyone knows Foley was a Republican .
COMMENT #96 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 10/4/2006 @ 8:10 am PT ...
Yeah , we 're " babies " when it comes to Republican vote fraud and ripping up the constitution !!!!
COMMENT #97 [ Permalink ]
... walter wood said on 10/4/2006 @ 8:14 am PT ...
After god created the earth - there was some horrible putrid " stuff " left over .
This " stuff " evolved into the Fox News Network .
This " stuff " will stop at nothing to decieve & trick you .
This " stuff " mostly effects stupid people .
Protect yourself by boycotting Fox News .
COMMENT #98 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 10/4/2006 @ 8:20 am PT ...
Thomas : Yes , the Republicans and their propoganda network FOX News seem to be making A LOT OF MISTAKES lately .
A type -o calling Foley a DEMOCRAT is n't a big deal ?
You on Oxycotin , or somethin ' ???????????
COMMENT #99 [ Permalink ]
... azalynschezar said on 10/4/2006 @ 8:23 am PT ...
I 've uploaded these to YouTube to save your bandwidth and make it harder for a DOS attack to shut this down .
Great scoop !
Thanks .
links : http://www.youtube.com/v/N_vtC98IFoA
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmITwibzgH4
COMMENT # 100 [ Permalink ]
... azalynschezar said on 10/4/2006 @ 8:24 am PT ...
Sorry , the first link should be : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_vtC98IFoA
COMMENT # 101 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 10/4/2006 @ 8:40 am PT ...
mari # 38 I hate it also when my family , who hates Bush , censors me at get - togthers and I end up walking out rather then playing a stupid game of dominoes .
Of course , it 's because they do n't want to acknowledge the truth about how bad things have gotten due to the fact they did noting when they could !
That 's a hard pill to swallow !
I never get depressed and have never taken an antidepressant , but the day after the senate passed that abominal torture bill , I actually layed in bed all day trying to sleep rather then think about what had happened .
I have never done that before .
I guess I know what depression is now !
Do n't get too excited Republicans and Democrats who did this .
I am 100 % awake now .
Madder then EVER , and I 'm going to fight you harder then ever !
I 'm with the BRILLIANT humorist from " The Prarie Home Companion " on NPR , Garrison Keillor .
Be sure to read this article of his which for some reason only gets one hit on google in The Salt Lake Tribune .
Read it now , because the article will disappear in the next few days .
A digital mirage !
Excerpt :
None of the men and women who voted for this bill has any right to speak in public about the rule of law anymore , or to take a high moral view of the Third Reich , or to wax poetic about the American Idea .
Mark their names .
Any institution of higher learning that grants honorary degrees to these people forfeits its honor .
COMMENT # 102 [ Permalink ]
... Lisa B said on 10/4/2006 @ 8:43 am PT ...
Thomas # 95
The problem is they labeled a predator of children , a Democrat , when they know it is a Republican .
There is the problem .
We are n't talking apples ’ and oranges ’ here .
We are talking about one of the worst crimes that can be committed on a child , and there is way too much of it going around .
This is a CHILD for Christ sakes .
When you ’re reporting on a person who committed a crime against a child you better make sure you have all you ’re I ’s and T ’s crossed .
This is terrible what fox did to the Democrats .
COMMENT # 103 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 10/4/2006 @ 8:47 am PT ...
As several people have pointed out , its scandal after scandal after scandal , and all the while this is going on :
http://www.globalresearc...61001&articleId=3361
Its a very long article so read it when you have an uninterupted 30 - 60 minutes .
Not that I do n't think the Foley crap is really going to do alot of damage ( I 'd love to see that pig Hastert driven out ) but people can't let The Iran issue fly under the radar .
These bastards are planning World War III and they 're not going it alone this time !
Please read the link !
COMMENT # 104 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 10/4/2006 @ 8:48 am PT ...
Larry Bergan # 101 Excellent qoute !
COMMENT # 105 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 10/4/2006 @ 8:50 am PT ...
We labelled a congressman pedofile a " Democrat " ... no big deal !
You guys are babies !
( for pointing out our lies , you guys are babies )
COMMENT # 106 [ Permalink ]
... floridian said on 10/4/2006 @ 8:51 am PT ...
and this is the Washington Post : ommission or commission ?
http://www.washingtonpos.../AR2006100301001_pf.html
WEST PALM BEACH , Fla . ---
When disgraced former Rep. Mark Foley announced he was entering rehab for treatment of alcoholism and " other behavioral problems , " some of those who have known him for years were shocked and suspicious , saying they rarely saw him drink .
Another longtime friend , though , agreed that Foley had a drinking problem , and a psychiatrist who specializes in addiction noted that it 's not unusual for alcoholics to hide their drinking .
Among the skeptics , Rep. Peter King , R - N.Y. , a former colleague , said on Fox News Channel : " I do n't buy this at all .
I think this is a phony defense .
The fact is , I think he 's responsible for what he did here and I think it 's a gimmick . "
COMMENT # 107 [ Permalink ]
... Nittany Lion said on 10/4/2006 @ 9:03 am PT ...
Here 's my problem with this whole thing : if someone thinks that Foley is a Democrat after this , its because a ) they were channel surfing and stopped on Fox News for 5 seconds or b ) like to watch the O'Reilly Factor with the sound turned off and avoid the news entirely otherwise .
Anyone who was listening to the show , or has seen the news at any point in the last week , knows that Foley is a Repub .
This was probably just a typo from some dumb-ass tech .
How could this be at all harmful ?
Also , McCamy Taylor # 43 said Fox News cares more about politics than the public 's right to know and protect the safety of its own children .
The governmental bodies which regulate cable should look at Fox 's actions .
What are you smoking ?
Since when does getting someone 's political affiliation wrong endanger the safety of children ?
Do n't be a moron .
COMMENT # 108 [ Permalink ]
... Laura said on 10/4/2006 @ 9:06 am PT ...
Brad , as always
Thanks for the great work !
I watch C - Span daily journal every morning and the R's were out in force spinning that its no big deal about Foley because Clinton and Barney Franks did it too so that makes everything A O.K .......
Bunch of lock step CULTISTS .
COMMENT # 109 [ Permalink ]
... Laura said on 10/4/2006 @ 9:11 am PT ...
I 'm listening to Al Franken on AAr and they lead off with this story very first thing when they came on air .
WOOHOO its getting out there .
COMMENT # 110 [ Permalink ]
... Charlie L said on 10/4/2006 @ 9:42 am PT ...
There are blatent lies ( like ABC's Path to 9/11 ) and there are subtle lies like mis-labeling a disgraced pedophile .
As for wathcing TV without the sound , think of all the bars , waiting rooms , and airports where there are TV's without sound .
Just a few moments with the ( intentionally ) wrong caption can alter a few votes of the stupid .
All FOX wants to do is alter as many votes of the stupid and ill - informed as they can --- one , ten , or a million at a time .
KILL YOUR TELEVISION and be on the streets on Thursday , October 5 ( http://www.worldcantwait.org) and on NOvember 8 , 2006 .
COMMENT # 111 [ Permalink ]
... JStraight said on 10/4/2006 @ 9:56 am PT ...
So FOX " corrected " the error by removing the D - FL and replacing it with ... nothing ?
That 's not a correction !!
Correcting the error would have been replacing the old designation with the correct one , in this case " R- FL . " Plunger # 79 Absolutely right it was deliberately changed .
My son , in the very first weeks of the first quarter of his high school Television Broadcasting class , learned that .
His instructor promoted the archived graphics files as a time saver and a way to CUT DOWN on errors .
Just imagine all the errors that tiny high school TV station would have , if beginning ninth graders did n't have preformatted files of the names of school personnel , local leaders , place names , famous people etc. ready to air ?
And big ole FOX News DOESN'T have preformatted files ?
Puhleeez !!
COMMENT # 112 [ Permalink ]
... GalfromCal said on 10/4/2006 @ 10:11 am PT ...
Mari ,
To your post # 38 , I would just like to say I can totally sympathize !
My mom , who lives in Ark. , My oldest brother who is a born - again , and my other brother who is a truck driver have all shut me down when discussing this administration and congress .
They , do n't want to discuss it because they can't defend it logically .
Mom will say , " They are all bad . "
Oldest brother will say , " That Bush is a God- Fearing man . " , and my other brother will say , " Clinton and Unions made everything difficult for truck drivers . "
Where have you heard all of the above statements ?
Fox News !
People and Family do n't believe you they believe these propaganda machines .
If you think it is just your family and mine , read some of the repukes statements on this blog thread .
Their denial of Fox News spin / propaganda is like a lab study .
The results are that spin / propaganda works and even your family can be divided by these lieing sacks of shit .
People still can't believe that the Germans turned their heads to what was going on in their own country at the hands of their leader .
You see propaganda can make even your own family so sick in the head that they will turn away from their own blood relation .
I suggest that we take pitty on our family , and just work together to fight for the truth , and maybe someday they stop taking the prozac and wakeup .
I would invite you to know that blood relation is not your only option .
I say we are truely family , because we would never turn our backs on those that turn their backs on us .
That is how we are related .
I hold that as what is morally right and not supporting a president that could careless about the people of this nation and other humans in this world that do not accept his policies .
Please stay strong and remember your family is not just those who you grew up with .
It is also those who would never defend a few in government first before they would stand up for your human rights .
Sincerely ,
GalfromCal
:-)
COMMENT # 113 [ Permalink ]
... des said on 10/4/2006 @ 10:45 am PT ...
Thomas # 95 --- do n't worry , no one is losing their grip or " over - reacting " or acting like babies --- no one is getting " hysterical " .
This is just too damn funny !
The conversation you see here is an expanded version of " ROTFLMAO " ...
COMMENT # 114 [ Permalink ]
... calipendence said on 10/4/2006 @ 10:59 am PT ...
According to Talking Points Memo the Assimilated Press made the same " mistake " Faux News did !
And this is the " librul media " !
We are really living in the Orwellian world of 1984 !
COMMENT # 115 [ Permalink ]
... Ole Blue said on 10/4/2006 @ 11:21 am PT ...
Despite
Fox news being a joke people will actually believe everything they put out , same as all the other Republican entities .
COMMENT # 116 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 10/4/2006 @ 11:26 am PT ...
There 's an answer to corporate MSM lies : watch LINK - TV on DISH 9410 & FSTV on DISH 9415 .
If you have cable , get rid of it and get DISH ... if only for these 2 channels of viewer - supported news ( not corporate news ) .
They have Democracy NOW !
news , the INN Report , and Liberty News .
You wo n't see " Mark Foley D - FL " on it !!!!!!!!
COMMENT # 117 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 10/4/2006 @ 11:27 am PT ...
This is truely Orwellian , when you look at the " D - FL " and the " scrubbed " picture above ...
COMMENT # 118 [ Permalink ]
... Charlie L said on 10/4/2006 @ 11:35 am PT ...
I wonder if Foley ( on the ballot in FL ) will win 51 % to 49 % because nobody has the time to change the programming with all the shredding they are doing at DiBold , Sequoia , and ES&S .
COMMENT # 119 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 10/4/2006 @ 11:42 am PT ...
Religious Right SILENT about Foley ......
http://bobgeiger.blogspo...angely-silent-about.html
COMMENT # 120 [ Permalink ]
... Patrick said on 10/4/2006 @ 11:51 am PT ...
I would like to say that the continual ignorant comments , such as that referencing the FOX Network as " sociopaths " is completely ridiculous .
How about showing some wits about yourself # 3 .
And likening a miscommunication as such to be an allusion to Orwell 's 1984 ?
Get a life and spend time with your families rather than ruminating over such tedious aspects of the media .
And by the way .
in case you were unaware , the naionalized media is often totally bugus anyways .
C'mon people , stop whining .
Republican bashing is immature and juvenile , I can say that and still be a proud democrat .
Grow up .
COMMENT # 121 [ Permalink ]
... Neal said on 10/4/2006 @ 11:52 am PT ...
Welcome to full - fledged Bizarro World !
If they 're so deliberately and flagrantly misleading people , could n't they technically lose their FCC license ?
COMMENT # 122 [ Permalink ]
... calipendence said on 10/4/2006 @ 12:12 pm PT ...
Patrick # 120 ...
Having Fox
News make such a big booboo on one story is potentially a " mistake " , but both AP and Fox making the same " mistake " ?
I DON'T think that it was really a mistake !
I might buy one entity making one error like that by " mistake " .
But two entities doing it seems a bit farfetched !
There 's an agenda here folks !
We have to be able to read between the lines these days .
Most of the media ( except the new sources on Link TV and FSTV that is listed here ) are n't trustworthy any more .
COMMENT # 123 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 10/4/2006 @ 12:16 pm PT ...
While you cat people are all up in arms about a TV bullhorn of the Bushit administration , let me REMIND you all that UNFORTUNATELY the war against WE THE PEOPLE for control of our legitimate verifiable ELECTIONS and our DEMOCRATIC FORM OF GOVERNMENT is about the REPUBLICAN PARTY AND THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY ENABLERS .
Bill Nelson FL Democrat voted in favor of the SUSPECTED TERRORIST bill .
As most of you are aware not blinded by the timing of the Foley pedofile smoke screen , this bill allows for SUSPECTS of terrorism to be held indefinetely in jail and tortured as this FASCIST BUSHIT ADMINISTRATION see fit without any accouNTABILITY .
This Bill Nelson Democrat is running against rightwing Bushit cupcake scank Katherine Harris .
With DEMOCRAT ENABLER LIKE PRO_FASCIST GOVERNMENT
EMPLOYEE
Nelson does it really matter who represents Florida in a state which George W. Bush could only win by massive humanistic and electronic vote rigging theft ???
All these FASCIST RUSTERS ( WARMONGERING - ENVIRONMENT
AL DESTRUCTORS )
MUST BE PURGED and put into the new prisons that the BUSHIT ADMINISTRATION has built across OUR country without HABIUS CORPUS until their DEATH .
Alberto Gonzalez style torture allowed 24/7 like the confiscated video cameras running outside the PENTAGON dedicated to the U.S. WAR - GAMERS who helped out the " 19 arab terrorists " armed with boxcutters on 9/11 .
Shhhhhhhhhh .. do n't talk about WORLD TRADE TOWER BUILDING # 7 which mysteriously fell CONTROLLED DEMOLITION STYLE 10 hours later located over a block away from WORLD TRADE TOWER # 2 AND # 1 ALTHOUGH IT WAS NOT HIT BY AN AIRCRAFT .. whoops !!!
We got Sadam !!! - had nuthing to do with 9/11 oh well .
GEORGE W. BUSH pre-emptive war is still using the American Armed Forces to fight against a TERRORIST NATION ( the PEOPLE of IRAQ ) .
Still has oil underneath the bloodstained topsoil so keep America there instead of a peacekeeping force in GENOCIDE LAND ( DEFAR , AFRICA ) - right Dick Cheney ???
Do our country a favor and shoot yourself in the face .
COMMENT # 124 [ Permalink ]
... Dan said on 10/4/2006 @ 12:18 pm PT ...
It gets better :
COMMENT # 125 [ Permalink ]
... Dan said on 10/4/2006 @ 12:23 pm PT ...
Sorry , issues with the code , let 's try again : put a word in here dan
COMMENT # 126 [ Permalink ]
... Dan said on 10/4/2006 @ 12:25 pm PT ...
AAAACH !
I give up !
Plain ol link where I found it ...
http://www.dslreports.co...bWFyaywxNzAyMDkzNg%3D%3D
COMMENT # 127 [ Permalink ]
... bg1 said on 10/4/2006 @ 12:30 pm PT ...
Karl Rove bases his campaign TV tactics on the fact that most people leave the TV on but with the sound turned down .
The TV is more like visual wall paper ; people really do n't pay close attention to what is said or how but instead receive impressions from it .
This is especially what happens in the homes of Fox 's target audience .
It may even suggest the involvment of Rove in FOx 's programming , though by now his methods have been widely disseminated through - out the rightwing media , which acts under his command .
COMMENT # 128 [ Permalink ]
... Jake Lockley said on 10/4/2006 @ 12:53 pm PT ...
So what ?
They mislabeled Pelosi as a Republican last week .
Must be the non-speaking illegal union worker they have in the producer 's booth .
They probably think D means dumbass and R means ridiculous .
But I guess if this really matters to you then you have less going on in your life than I do .
COMMENT # 129 [ Permalink ]
... Brian Carnell said on 10/4/2006 @ 12:56 pm PT ...
" Confirmed !
We just watched the second late - night rerun of O'Reilly , and indeed , the evidence goes down the memory hole as Fox removed the mis-labelled chiron entirely from their later broadcasts without explanation ! "
So , you wanted them to run the inaccurate footage a second time ?
COMMENT # 130 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 10/4/2006 @ 1:11 pm PT ...
Here 's why it matters , Jake .
Remember they falsely said that guy bombed the olympics in Atlanta , and it ruined his life ?
The media has to be responsible , and this D - FL Foley was something to be very very correct with .
Labelling Pelosi a Republican is one thing , labelling a pedofile / alcoholic a Democrat 30 days before an election is A WHOLE DIFFERENT THING !
COMMENT # 131 [ Permalink ]
... TomR said on 10/4/2006 @ 1:28 pm PT ...
Patrick # 120
That 's right .
There 's nothing to see here people , move along , move along .
NOT !
Bill Moyers sums up the issue nicely : " A free press is one where it 's OK to state the conclusion you 're led to by the evidence .
One reason I 'm in hot water is because my colleagues and I at ' Now ' did n't play by the conventional rules of Beltway journalism .
Those rules divide the world into Democrats and Republicans , liberals and conservatives , and allow journalists to pretend they have done their job if , instead of reporting the truth behind the news , they merely give each side an opportunity to spin the news . "
- " A democracy can die of too many lies "
It 's very telling that Fox removed their " mistake " without acknowledging it or replacing the D with an R. Unlike Patrick , I will not minimize how the media is used to manipulate public perception of reality .
There 's a whole range of manipulation tactics Republicans use to do this .
For more info , see the 2nd comment here : Do n't You Smell a Rat ?
How Republicans Deftly Shift Our Focus
I take the subtle manipulation of our population very seriously .
The corporate - based Fourth Estate has been failing the American people by not keeping our government in check .
It 's even worse when media outlets like Fox News actually play an active role in the deception .
Outfoxed - Rupert Murdoch 's War on Journalism Patrick , not paying attention is what 's gotten us to where we are now .
- Tom
COMMENT # 132 [ Permalink ]
... OCPatriot said on 10/4/2006 @ 2:12 pm PT ...
If you do n't think that " Power corrupts .
Absolute power corrupts absolutely , " all you have to do is look at the Foley - Hastert scandal .
There was talk of taking Foley 's campaign contributions and giving it to another Republican group ;
Hastert wrote the letter to the FBI ; why is n't an independent counsel called for when the fact is these were not rank and file , these were the Republican Party Leadership ?
For those who still want to vote Republican , think , really think , about the alternative .
Sure the Democrats are spineless and whimpy .
But what you 're proposing , not voting for them is playing the victim , and that seems to be the role they ’ve assigned for yourselves .
When you get over it , and strike back to reclaim the electorate by asking the hard questions and not dumbing down statements like “ Bush lied today ” , or “ Bush made wildly conflicting statements today ” or “ Bush did n’t answer the question he was asked . ”
When this begins to happen , when influential people say , Stop the madness , they wo n’t be victims any more .
So if you help Republicans in any way , by not voting or by not persuading your friends and family to vote , by not contributing to the Democrats , you 'll be helping to promote a draft , long term war , destruction of this country as we know it , among other things too stupid to mention .
So make sure the Democrats win this time around , and do n't jawbone about it or prevaricate or think about how inept or stupid they are , just vote for them .
Right now the Democrats are the only force that will balance off the Republican 's march to a totalitarian state ; they may become corrupt but it 'll take some time for that to happen .
It seems to me that the good Republicans and Allies and the press and the media and the Liberals and Democrats have been playing the victim , as in " Poor me ! " , for much too long .
First , they let the Republicans mount an attack on them and their positions or do something unjust like holding up intelligence or a report .
Then they act surprised at the " bad " Republicans for doing this .
Then they protest , calling what the Republicans do " despicable " or " dirty tricks " or " untrue " or , worse yet , as you do , " unfair " .
All of which only makes all parties , the press and the involved organizations look even more like victims .
And so you dig your own fate .
I also sense that , when you do this and ring your hands , you are hoping the “ bad ” Republicans will receive their comeuppance from some mysterious force , and that they will self - destruct of their own accord .
The Democrats have been out of power for so long they 're afraid to lose any handhold they have , and the press and media have become so used to truckling to the Administration , it is almost a lost battle .
It is important to recognize that the Republicans who have lived up to Lord Acton 's maxim : " Power corrupts ; absolute power corrupts absolutely . "
Hope the Democrats come into power again ; if they remain uncorrupted for a short period of time , it will have balance the veniality of the existing Republican Administration .
COMMENT # 133 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 10/4/2006 @ 3:14 pm PT ...
Bluebear2 # 4 AAAHH !!
I FORGOT TO LEAVE A LINK to Garrison Keillors article in my comment # 101 from this thread !
If you do n't read this in the next few days , it will disappear forever !
I 'm not a google expert , but as far as I can tell , this article has only been printed in four places !
If you type in : keillor " no need to worry about human rights " you 'll see what I mean .
Garrison Keillor is a very famous guy , and this is an VERY TOUGH ARTICLE !
from a very intelligent , and truly patriotic guy !
If I had n't bought a newspaper here in Salt Lake City , I never would have seen it , which is strange because The Salt Lake Tribune is owned by one of Bush 's buddies and endorsed him over Kerry to the horror of some of it's employees !
COMMENT # 134 [ Permalink ]
... canadianvisitor said on 10/4/2006 @ 3:21 pm PT ...
I mentionned above that this label D - Florida was never on my Canadian version of Fox 's O'Reilly show .
I watched my 8:00 pm regular viewing , then the rerun at 12:00 pm and then I even saw it was on again at 4:00 am and so I taped it .
I have the video and a couple of digital camera images I tried to take off my TV screen if anyone wants them but this logo under Foley 's picture never appeared on my screen ever .
It would be interesting to find out why , because even though I follow politics so closely , I am sure other Canadians would n't know this man from Adam .
They showed the red name labels under the young male page , and the woman page , but never under the two different images of Foley which they should have , to at least let Canadians know who they were looking at .
The second image above is what I saw on all threee shows and reruns .
I find it highly suspect that they would show you two mislabelled ones and then cut it , ( and you already know who he is ) but never show us non-Americans any label at all identifying him when they definitely should have followed through with the same pattern they did all through the show flashing that red banner with names and who they were .
COMMENT # 135 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 10/4/2006 @ 3:29 pm PT ...
Check your local listings in primetime tonight and do n't forget to record or watch Bill Moyer 's new show , " Moyers on America " .
FORCE , ( TIE THEM UP IF NECESSARY ) your rightwing relatives to watch it too !
COMMENT # 136 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 10/4/2006 @ 3:37 pm PT ...
canadianvisitor :
This does indeed seem to be intentional .
Thanks for your input .
These rightwing crazies are going to turn this Foley thing to their advantage if they have to sell their own children , ( but more likely yours , of course ) to the military !
COMMENT # 137 [ Permalink ]
... GotRights ? said on 10/4/2006 @ 4:34 pm PT ...
Re. Faux News :
If you 're reading this and you care about the integrity of our communications system , PLEASE FILE A WRITTEN COMPLAINT WITH THE FCC .
That they did n't timely correct that error , and that they did n't correct in the re-runs , evidences an intent to deceive the public .
Will the corporatist hacks that are the FCC likely do anything about Fox pulling these stunts ?
Nope .
But get the complaints on the record now to support reform efforts a few years from now --- after President Obama appoints some honorable people to the FCC !
Re. the AP :
Having worked once upon a time as a newspaper journalist ( not for the AP ) , I am certain that the AP errors were simply that : errors .
Within the profession , AP journalists have a well - deserved excellent reputation for integrity .
However , AP makes mistakes , simply because of the huge volume of stories they handle and the speed with which they have to write and edit copy .
Wire service writers / copy editors are under a lot of pressure --- which does n't excuse the mistake , but does give me reason to give them the benefit of the doubt .
COMMENT # 138 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 10/4/2006 @ 4:55 pm PT ...
Hey Phil , way up at # 55 & # 56
There is another music producer named " phil " that was born in 1940 .
That 's all .
I did n't mean anything by it .
COMMENT # 139 [ Permalink ]
... molly said on 10/4/2006 @ 5:24 pm PT ...
Canadianvisitor ...
Interesting about Fox News .
I get canadian tv , as I live close to your border ... get Jon Stewart at 11 pm .
When Ron Suskind was on talking about his book The 1 % doctrine , He was censored .
Guess PM
Harper is doing it to you guys .
COMMENT # 140 [ Permalink ]
... canadianvisitor said on 10/4/2006 @ 7:01 pm PT ...
Molly : I get my TV via satellite since we are in the country and can't get cable .
We get Jon Stewart on the Comedy Channel at 11:00 but I do know it also comes on at 12:05 on the CTV Canadian channel .
I do n't recall anything being censored on that show since we watch it every night as well .
That is why we can see repeats because we get the 3 main American channels from the east coast and then can get the feed 3 hours later from the west coast on different channels .
That is why I found it funny after watching O" Reilly the first time that I never saw the banners at all , yet most of our feed I think comes from the States - we just get our commercials changed at times .
Let 's not talk about Harper please !!
COMMENT # 141 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 10/4/2006 @ 7:15 pm PT ...
Larry Bergan # 133 ,
Thanks for the link , I 've downloaded the article to save it !
COMMENT # 142 [ Permalink ]
... calipendence said on 10/4/2006 @ 7:49 pm PT ...
Now folks ...
Check this screen grab and this screen grab and ask yourself if this REALLY is an honest mistake .
If you do , then I 'm sorry , but you ARE on drugs !
COMMENT # 143 [ Permalink ]
... Chewie said on 10/4/2006 @ 8:22 pm PT ...
ssssssssssssssssssssshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhoooooooooocking .
COMMENT # 144 [ Permalink ]
... canadianvisitor said on 10/4/2006 @ 8:37 pm PT ...
You will be happy to know that Jon Stewart just finished a skit on Foley by using the screen shot of Foley described as a Democrat .
COMMENT # 145 [ Permalink ]
... JStraight said on 10/4/2006 @ 11:21 pm PT ...
The screen shot of Faux 's false faux pas of Foley as a Dem must be making the comedy rounds tonight --- Craig Ferguson just pounded O'Reilly over it during his opening skit .
COMMENT # 146 [ Permalink ]
... mari said on 10/5/2006 @ 2:12 am PT ...
TO 112 Thank you !
You made me feel better about matters I can't controll .
COMMENT # 147 [ Permalink ]
... mari said on 10/5/2006 @ 2:31 am PT ...
republicans suck !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
COMMENT # 148 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 10/5/2006 @ 4:39 am PT ...
The Canadian has a huge point :
If the label D - FL was NOT on Canadian FOX News ( uuuuhhhh , sorry Canada ) , then it was consciously / knowingly put on American FOX News ( not brain surgery , rightwingers ) ...
It follows , that 's because what good would it do , misleading Canadians ???
They do n't vote here .
Not that our votes count on DIEBOLD , but you get what I mean ...
GET READY FOR A BUNCH OF 51%-49 % GOP VICTORIES , COME NOV .!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
COMMENT # 149 [ Permalink ]
... Bonnie Edwards said on 10/5/2006 @ 8:53 am PT ...
Come on folks everyone knows Foley is a Republican !!!
I received a copy of this picture last night from someone .
I do n't know who put this clip up but it is false .
Out of curiosity I watched the entire rerun of O'Reilly at 11:00 and every time they showed Foley 's picture it had a BIG R- in front of his name .
I think people like you need to get a life .
He is splashed all over the paper on a daily basis so what would FOX gain by putting a D - in front of his name ???
This type of false journalism is what is fueling bad feelings all over our country .
As a few side notes , I guess the Democratic Party has forgotten how a former esteemed Democrat Congressman did almost the same things 10 or 15 years ago and he continued to serve ( whatever happened to him and the persons he messed with ) .
Or that one of our Presidents had sex ( oh excuse me , oral sex is n't sex ) in the Oval Office and God knows where else on a regular basis with an INTERN .
And let 's see , she was 21 , oh goodness , she was a whole 4 years older than that page .
I guess that made her a very mature adult able to handle the President of the United States coming on to her !!!!!!
Come on people , what has happened to politics in this country ??????
Foley is a sicko but that does n't make the whole Republican Party sickos .
Just like Clinton does n't make the Democratic Party a bunch of sickos .
I am tired of the daily tirade that is shown on the major news media against George Bush and anyone connected to him .
To tell you the truth , I will be glad when Bush 's term is over so I wo n't have to listen to all the daily diatrabe about him .
FOX is a breath of fresh air for more conservative views ( I am a middle of the road conservative and vote for who is the best - such as Bill Nelson instead Katherine Harris here in Florida ) after being bombarded for years ( with the exception of Walter Cronkite ) by all the majors with a more Liberal viewpoint .
I guess Conservatives never considered how biased all the media was until FOX came on and you could really see the difference !!!
Have a nice day and let 's stick to politics .
We need a 2 party system because that is what makes America great .
Get it together !!!
COMMENT # 150 [ Permalink ]
... Anna Nicole Smith said on 10/5/2006 @ 9:30 am PT ...
I thought he WAS a Dimocrap
I tried to donate 2 cents to your blog , but they would n't take my credit card .
COMMENT # 151 [ Permalink ]
... Maxwell said on 10/5/2006 @ 11:41 am PT ...
The more amazing part to me is the fact that Ann Coulter has a conservitive following , seeing as she chose partisanship over ( conservitive ) values .
She claimed the entire Foley mess was over a gay man asking what a boy wanted for his birthday , thats sounds like spin in the no spin zone .
COMMENT # 152 [ Permalink ]
... Maxwell said on 10/5/2006 @ 11:52 am PT ...
You do realize that at the 11:00 pm showing they changed it .
In fact its well documented by many credible sources that it did indeed accur , although to me its holds no importance weather Fox intended it or not ( I could care less ) .
Like I said in my last post to me the issue is more
Ann being able to spew her lies in O'reilly 's face with no contest .
Imagine if Mark Foley were actually a democrat and it were Al Franken who was there in Ann 's place , do you think O'reilly would let him get away with claiming it was just a gay man asking what the page wanted for his birthday ?
COMMENT # 153 [ Permalink ]
... molly said on 10/5/2006 @ 12:05 pm PT ...
Time to start looking at Rush Limbaugh one more time cannonfire had an article up when he was nabbed for Viagra without benefit of prescription .
The place that he went , the time of year was only popular to pedophiles as they have a lot of underage prostitutes .
Joseph Cannon said it was hot and muggy and NOBODY went there except for under age sex . ( forget the name of the place ) If you have read about The Franklin Conspiracy .. connecting the dots .. to be trusted you have to be like them .
COMMENT # 154 [ Permalink ]
... des said on 10/5/2006 @ 12:46 pm PT ...
Hey , Bonnie Edwards , # 149 : apparently you did n't bother to actually READ Brad 's article OR WATCH THE VIDEO POSTED IN THE ARTICLE .
THE VIDEO CLEARLY SHOWS the FNC banner was LIVE ON SCREEN , WITH AUDIO , STRAIGHT OFF THE FRIGGIN ' T.V. NETWORK SIGNAL FROM FNC .
TWICE .
The clip is NOT " FALSE " as you claim .
Read the ARTICLE , examine the EVIDENCE , get the FACTS .
Try doing the most rudimentary level of due diligence before you launch baseless accusations of " false journalism " , lying , or doctoring video or graphics .
( Facts can be your friend . )
To quote your own words right back to you : " This type of false journalism is what is fueling bad feelings all over our country . "
WRONG .
It 's the perpetuation of falsehoods in the pursuit of political power and personal enrichment that have led us down this path of deep division .
It is those who subjugate the TRUTH to the service of their own agendas , who place party loyalty over country --- those who believe legitimate criticism and dissent is incompatible with patriotism , rather than the very foundation of it .
If the FACTS do n't square with your preconceived notions , then the fault is not with the Brad Blog .
COMMENT # 155 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 10/5/2006 @ 12:51 pm PT ...
Molly , the first thing I said ( wishful thinking ) was I hope that somehow Limbaugh and Hannity somehow are involved in this .
I would love to see the free GOP advertizing via their shows , year round , off the air .
THOSE 2 guys are ruining America !!!
I really mean that ... anyone who used mass media to misinform the public , should be tarred and feathered ... the tar is boiling !!!
And all the channels that carry these creeps are complicit ...
COMMENT # 156 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 10/5/2006 @ 12:54 pm PT ...
Troll tag - team @ 149 & 150 ...
COMMENT # 157 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 10/5/2006 @ 12:54 pm PT ...
FEMALE ... troll tag team to boot !!!
COMMENT # 158 [ Permalink ]
... big dan said on 10/5/2006 @ 12:55 pm PT ...
KINKY !
COMMENT # 159 [ Permalink ]
... phil said on 10/5/2006 @ 2:16 pm PT ...
# 138 Chris I played devil 's advocate .
( It kind of put me in a bad spot for a few comments there . )
I guess the proper term is " lower thirds editor . "
I never went to a journalism school .
Or a media school .
I have seen these devices sold in High End media catalogs .
So I knew HOW it could happen .
Back in the 60's and 70's , I grew up three blocks away from FOX 40 on Fruitridge Road , Sacramento California , I remember the days when they would just open the back doors and let us all in to watch Pat Patterson of big time wrestling .
I miss Bob Wilkins ( I think that was on CH 40 ) , I remember they had one satellite dish , then another , and another and another , and another , I 've lost count now , however a LOT has changed since those days .
I should have said it is the likely excuse that FOX would perhaps use .
- IMO
I totally agree with most the folks here that it was intentionally done with passion .
- IMO
COMMENT # 160 [ Permalink ]
... Connie said on 10/5/2006 @ 3:03 pm PT ...
No doubt it was an honest mistake in labeling former Rep. Mark Foley as a Democrat .
Considering some of the sex crimes the Democrats are guilty of : Clinton in the White House with an intern , Mel Reynolds with a 16 year old campaign worker and Jerry Studs with a 16 year old girl .
Studs was re-elected and was given a standing ovation by the Democrats .
Oh , and let 's not forget Mel Reynold 's prison sentence was commuted by Clinton when he left office .
Democrats sure do stick together .
COMMENT # 161 [ Permalink ]
... Maxwell said on 10/5/2006 @ 3:23 pm PT ...
I really do think it was a mistake , no body was fooled and even if they were Fox acheived virtualy nothing except discrediting themselves .
So I do think it was a mistake especially considering Fox's ( and O'reilly to a further extents ) inability to get there information correct .
COMMENT # 162 [ Permalink ]
... des said on 10/5/2006 @ 4:38 pm PT ...
yeah , well it ai n't no mistake that FOX still has neglected to correct , or even acknowledge , their mistake .
all legitimate news organizations , at the very least , acknowledge errors .
even more responsible organziations will correct the item to shwo the correct information where possible , plus show their changes for the record .
as AP has now done --- but FOX HAS NOT .
there 's your answer right there .
so , how do want to explain that one away ?
please , go ahead .
it could have been an honest mistake to have made in the first place , but it is NOT an " honest " mistake to continue to ignore it , after the mistake has been brought to their attention , which this one most defnitely has .
oh yeah , it 's hilarious that you are guys are dragging out " well they did it too ! " , as if that it some sort of defense , as if that makes it somehow all right .
Times have changed , and we have ZERO tolerance for pedophiles , for those who prey on teenagers .
rightly so .
dredging up the past does NOT absolve the GOP Leadership of shirking their responsibility in the present .
soooo lame .
so very , very lame .
COMMENT # 163 [ Permalink ]
... rex said on 10/5/2006 @ 4:55 pm PT ...
Indeed it was a mistake ....
But have you ever seen a more understandable mistake ?
OF COURSE anyone upon hearing of a congrssional scandal immediately thinks " Democrat "
Ever heard of Gary Studds ??
Look it up & contrast the reaction of Democrats then ?
And he ACTUALLY HAD SEX with an underage page !
Hypocritical salivating desperate Demoncrats are what y'all are & if this was your OCTOBER SURPRISE you failed miserably ...... again Ha !
COMMENT # 164 [ Permalink ]
... canadianvisitor said on 10/5/2006 @ 5:11 pm PT ...
It is a shame that fine Americans have to be faced with the kind of people that would allow the Foley scandal to carry on without too much oversight , and now want to excuse that same lack of oversight in protecting the youth charged to them because they feel Democrats are guilty as well of other sex crimes .
For people such as # 149 and # 160 , did n't your parents ever teach you that two wrongs do n't make yours right and the other ones still wrong .
Heaven forbid if a republican gets caught being a child predator because that could n't possibly be as bad as Clinton engaging in an affair with another consenting adult .
In case you do n't remember # 160 , let me remind you he was impeached for lieing about it , not engaging in it .
Otherwise many on the impeachment panel trying him would have had to recuse themselves for committing adultery themselves .
As for mentionning Studds , his affair was with a boy not a girl , and it must have been the republican charged with misconduct in the House at the same time ( 1983 ) with a yound girl you were thinking of .
Funny , you did n't mention him .
Since neither , I do n't think were charged criminally or found guilty by a court of law , then it is hard to call them " a crime " .
Time to start , # 160 taking responsibility for your actions without engaging in trying to deflect attention onto others .
Remember it is your party trying to tell the rest of the world how to behave .
Unless you want to lead by showing that people are accountable and responsible for their actions , then you will have even fewer listening to your rhetoric than you have now .
COMMENT # 165 [ Permalink ]
... bryan27 said on 10/5/2006 @ 11:04 pm PT ...
As an owner of broadcast stations I can tell you that mistakes do happen and most ethical broadcasters will air a retraction ASAP .
It is obvious that what aired on Fox News was done intentionally .
If it was just an accident it would not have aired two additional times and would have been corrected at once .
What is being broadcasted from any cable channel or broadcast station is being monitored by many staff personel including the director and board ops who can change graphics on the fly if necessary .
One thing that has not been reported and should be reported extensively in the Foley incident is that he has not broken any laws and is not by the definition of the law a pedofile .
The law in Washington DC is that the age of conscent is 16 .
Thus text messaging someone 16 years of age about sexual acts is not illegal nor would be preforming sexual acts with a 16 year old , but it is against ethics if you are Congress person text messaging a 16 year old congressional page about sexual acts .
Each state has different laws as to what age is the age on conscent some are 16 , others 17 , and some 18 .
I am not saying that what Foley did was right nor am I condoning what he did .
What I am saying is that he did not break any laws .
As others have mentioned I also find it interesting that he entered rehab for alcoholism .
And believe it was to try to cover - up and an easy way to go into hiding for awhile .
COMMENT # 166 [ Permalink ]
... who cares said on 10/5/2006 @ 11:47 pm PT ...
get a fucking life and for the girl kristin who showed me this .... god your a sad sad misguided girl who should stop listning to what her daddy and mommy shoved down her throat and think for your self .
and everyone who really cares about this crap GET A FUCKING LIFE !
COMMENT # 167 [ Permalink ]
... TomR said on 10/6/2006 @ 11:18 am PT ...
Since Bill Moyers is mentioned in this thread , here 's a link to his Capitol Crimes video aired earlier this week :
http://www.pbs.org/moyer...erica/capitol/watch.html
It 's excellent and informative work !
COMMENT # 168 [ Permalink ]
... Shipton said on 10/6/2006 @ 7:21 pm PT ...
You wrote : " Also , please note we originally had the date of 6/3/06 on the screenshot above , instead of the correct 10/3/06 . "
Hmmmm .
Could you have been trying to mis-leed readers ?
Or was this an honest mistake ?
Be fair and use the same reasoning as you did for Fox News .
What 's good for the goose is good for the gander .
If you have a preconceived notion about someone / something , then you will find evidence or excueses to support it .
If you think Fox is wicked then their error fuels your fire .
But if you think that Bradblog is good , then the incorrect date was just a simple typo , with no malicious intent .
COMMENT # 169 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 10/7/2006 @ 12:52 am PT ...
TomR # 167
Thanks for the link !
Yes , it was a very well done documentary .
Sort of like a two hour NOW , and that can't be bad .
It was voted as the best show of the week and rebroadcast here .
It is also completely relevant to the purpose of this blog , because the same people who are exposed in it are the same people who made sure the voting machines did n't have a decent paper ballot .
When I saw that corrupt boss in the Mariana Islands telling the guy posing as a business man not to worry because Tom Delay had told him that as the head of the House of Representatives , he would make sure the bill to prevent child labor never made it to a vote on the floor , I thought about the same statement Delay made IN PUBLIC about Rush Holts bill .
Arrogance to spare !
No wonder these guys always get caught eventually !
COMMENT # 170 [ Permalink ]
... des said on 10/7/2006 @ 10:09 am PT ...
Shipton , # 168 , PUH -LEASE .
Try READING THE ARTICLE AND THE FOLLOW - UPS --- this ain't about being fair anymore when FOX refuses to correct their mistakes once brought to their attention , or even acknowledge them .
That 's just basic journalism 101 .
( maybe that 's because FOX is not " news " . )
Legitimate news organizations make public corrections when they discover an error .
It 's funny that you hold Brad BLog more responsible , an independent site without the vast monetary resources or personnel , than you do FOX !
THAT IS THE ISSUE .
Not the " typo " -- if that is indeed what it was , since they did it three different times on a pre-taped show --- but their lack of taking responsibility --- just like the GOP .
Birds of a feather ....
COMMENT # 171 [ Permalink ]
... Joe Kirk said on 10/7/2006 @ 11:32 am PT ...
Thank you for providing copies of the actual live television footage of this latest Orwellian misrepresentation by our Ministry of Truth , Faux News .
It will be interesting to see if CNN does a segment on this affair on its Sunday morning show Reliable Sources .
When I cordially called the Fox newsroom of our local affliate I was hung up on .
Does n't anyone remember that a Bush cousin news director was the first to announce Florida for Gore in 2000 ?
The irony of this befalling our proto - fascists so fond of turning homophobia into a voter turnout generator is almost incredible .
If Foley had been an authentic gay man he would n't even be in Congress as a Republican .
Television cherry - picks like when the American flag was affixed to the head of the Saddam statue before its assisted toppling .
That 's liberation for ya .
COMMENT # 172 [ Permalink ]
... Joe Kirk said on 10/7/2006 @ 1:38 pm PT ...
My apologies .
Of course the Fox news director / Bush relative first announced Florida for Bush in 2000 ( re COMMENT # 171 ) .
Frustration and haste can produce errors but I 'm pretty confident that Fox 's political misidentification was intent nor accident .
COMMENT # 173 [ Permalink ]
... John Lovell said on 10/28/2006 @ 6:24 pm PT ...
None of you people know how to spell the bad news network 's name .
It 's not " Fox News . "
Get it right : " Faux News ! "
COMMENT # 174 [ Permalink ]
... FD said on 11/8/2006 @ 4:01 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 175 [ Permalink ]
... Clothes said on 11/24/2006 @ 7:55 pm PT ...
ON NEW YEAR ’S EVE in 2003 , I was seized at the border of Serbia and Macedonia by Macedonian police who mistakenly believed that I was traveling on a false German passport .
I was detained incommunicado for more than three weeks .
Then I was handed over to the American Central Intelligence Agency and was stripped , severely beaten , shackled , dressed in a diaper , injected with drugs , chained to the floor of a plane and flown to Afghanistan , where I was imprisoned in a foul dungeon for more than four months .
Long after the American government realized that I was an entirely innocent man , I was blindfolded , put back on a plane , flown to Europe and left on a hilltop in Albania — without any explanation or apology for the nightmare that I had endured .
My story is well known .
It has been described in literally hundreds of newspaper articles and television news programs — many of them relying on sources within the U.S. government .
It has been the subject of numerous investigations and reports by intergovernmental bodies , including the European Parliament .
Most recently , prosecutors in my own country of Germany are pursuing indictments against 13 CIA agents and contractors for their role in my kidnapping , abuse and detention .
Although I never could have imagined it , and certainly never wished it , I have become the public face of the CIA ’s “ extraordinary rendition ” program .
Why , then , does the American government insist that my ordeal is a state secret ?
This is something beyond my comprehension .
In December 2005 , with the help of the American Civil Liberties Union , I sued former CIA Director George Tenet along with other CIA agents and contractors for their roles in my kidnapping , mistreatment and arbitrary detention .
Above all , what I want from the lawsuit is a public acknowledgment from the U.S. government that I was innocent , a mistaken victim of its rendition program , and an apology for what I was forced to endure .
Without this vindication , it has been impossible for me to return to a normal life .
The U.S. government does not deny that I was wrongfully kidnapped .
Instead , it has argued in court that my case must be dismissed because any litigation of my claims will expose state secrets and jeopardize American security , even though President Bush has told the world about the CIA ’s detention program , and even though my allegations have been corroborated by eyewitnesses and other evidence .
To my amazement and dismay , last May , a federal district court judge agreed with the government and threw out my case .
And then Friday , the U.S. 4th Circuit Court of Appeals upheld that decision .
It seems that the only place in the world where my case cannot be discussed is in a U.S. courtroom .
I did not bring this lawsuit to harm America .
I brought the lawsuit because I want to know why America harmed me .
I do n’t understand why the strongest nation on Earth believes that acknowledging a mistake will threaten its security .
Is n’t it more likely that showing the world that America cannot give justice to an innocent victim of its anti-terror policies will cause harm to America ’s image and security around the world ?
IN NOVEMBER , I traveled to America for the first time to hear my lawyers argue my case before the appeals court in Richmond , Va. and to meet with members of Congress and their staff on Capitol Hill .
( It ’s obvious that the U.S. government does not consider me a security threat , or I would not have been allowed to enter the country , much less be in the same room with federal judges and members of Congress . )
Although I did not understand all of the arguments made by the lawyers , I was impressed by the dignity of the proceedings and by the respect for the rule of law that I have always associated with America .
I ’m deeply disappointed to find that this same legal system denies me the chance to fully present my case .
If I were being treated fairly by the American legal system , perhaps we would not have reached the point where German prosecutors are bringing criminal charges against American citizens .
During my visit in November , many Americans offered me their personal apologies for the brutality that had been perpetrated against me in their name .
I saw in their faces the true America , an America that is not held captive by fear of unknown enemies and that understands the strength and power of justice .
That is the America that , I hope , one day will see me as a human being — not a state secret .
The human bipedal gait may represent an evolution in energy use
A US team compared the energy used by humans and by chimpanzees in walking .
The human bipedal gait is about four times more efficient than chimps getting around on either two or four legs , the researchers found .
Writing in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) , they say this may explain why we walk bipedally , and some of our anatomical features .
Other research groups have proposed alternative explanations for our two - legged gait .
Some suggest it evolved because early humans needed to reach upwards to collect food or pass it to a mate , while others maintain it predates four - legged locomotion in primates , citing the often upright posture of orangutans as they move across slim branches .
On the treadmill
A study from 1973 found little difference in efficiency between two - legged and four - legged walking in primates , but its conclusions had been disputed because only juvenile chimpanzees were used .
We were able to show exactly why certain individuals were able to walk bipedally more cheaply than others
David Raichlen
The subjects were fitted with masks to collect exhaled air so that parameters such as oxygen use could be measured .
Blobs of white paint on critical parts of the body such as elbows and knees allowed researchers to analyse the gait using video .
The results were compared with four human subjects using the same treadmill .
Generally , the humans were about four times more efficient than the chimps .
Three of the chimps found bipedal walking used more energy than going on all fours .
But one of the others showed the opposite pattern ; and intriguingly , she was the only chimp to lengthen her stride .
" We were able to tie the energetic cost in chimps to their anatomy , " noted Dr Raichlen .
" We were able to show exactly why certain individuals were able to walk bipedally more cheaply than others . "
The hypothesis , then , is that early humans began to evolve in a direction which allowed for easy bipedal travel .
David Raichlen suggests that early humans should show adaptations such as a longer leg length , and that there are indications of this in fossils of the genus Australopithecus , such as the famous " Lucy " specimen discovered in Ethiopia in 1974 .
President Bush claims he 's exempt from security oversight too , Los Angeles Times to report
" The White House said Friday that , like Vice President Dick Cheney 's office , President Bush 's office is exempt from a presidential order requiring government agencies that handle classified national security information to submit to oversight by an independent federal watchdog , " the Los Angeles Times will report Saturday , RAW STORY has learned .
Excerpts :
#
" The executive order that Bush issued in March 2003 covers all government agencies that are part of the executive branch and , although it does n't specifically say so , was not meant to apply to the vice president 's office or the president 's office , a White House spokesman said .
The issue flared up Thursday when Rep. Henry A. Waxman , D - Calif. , criticized Cheney for refusing to file annual reports with the National Archives and Records Administration , spelling out how his office handles classified documents , or to submit to an inspection by the archives ' Information Security Oversight Office .
The archives , a federal agency , has been pressing the vice president 's office to cooperate with its oversight efforts for the past several years , contending that by not doing so , Cheney and his staff have created a potential national security risk .
Bush issued the directive in response to the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks as a way of ensuring that the nation 's secrets would not be mishandled , made public , or improperly declassified .
Read the full story here .
Adviser : Bush aided Libby to avoid ' fracture ' with Cheney RAW STORY
Published : Sunday July 8 , 2007 Print This Email This
In an article entitled " Friends in high places , " a renowned investigative reporter gets " inside Bush 's decision to give Scooter Libby a pass . "
" Hanging over his deliberations was Cheney , who had said he was ' very disappointed ' with the jury 's verdict , " Michael Isikoff reports for Newsweek .
" Cheney did not directly weigh in with Fielding , but nobody involved had any doubt where he stood . "
One White House adviser who had been " briefed on the deliberations " told Newsweek 's Isikoff , " I 'm not sure Bush had a choice . "
" If he did n't act , it would have caused a fracture with the vice president , " the adviser added .
Excerpts from Isikoff 's article : # In part , Bush may have stopped short of a full pardon precisely to keep Libby and other White House aides away from Democrats on Capitol Hill .
Investigators in Congress are eager to call Libby to testify about the Plame case and prewar Iraq intelan invitation Libby can continue to resist by claiming he can't talk as long as his appeal remains alive in the courts .
The White House has used the same line to shield itself from questions about the case .
When the effort to discredit Wilson surfaced in 2003 , Bush vowed to fire anyone on his staff who leaked classified information about Plame to the press .
Last week a reporter asked White House Press Secretary Tony Snow why Bush had n't dismissed Karl Rove who was found to be one of the White House leakers .
" We are not going to make comments in detail until the legal process is over , " Snow responded .
" And it is not there is still an appeal . "
Nobody at the White House would be disappointed if that appeal just happened to drag on until Jan. 20 , 2009 .
# FULL NEWSWEEK ARTICLE AT THIS LINK
He has been to China twice since August and plans three trips this year , partly in hopes of finding new ventures that address the country ’s voracious need for energy .
“ They ’re going to require a greater increase in electricity than anywhere else , ” Mr. Rockwell said .
He said that China was already beginning to look more intensely at renewable sources , like wind , hydro and solar .
“ It ’s going to create a lot of opportunities . ”
John Denniston , a partner at Kleiner , Perkins , Caufield & Byers , said he heard a similar message when he met with a high - ranking official in the Ministry of Science and Technology .
The deputy minister told him that “ one of their highest goals is to find alternative energy sources that decrease their dependence on oil , ” Mr. Denniston said .
And he said that in conversations with other officials , entrepreneurs and scientists , “ everyone was on the same playbook . ”
Mr. Denniston has not made any investments yet , but is interested in exploring opportunities .
He said he was curious to see if China , because of its high demand for energy , could leapfrog some other countries and become a leader in alternative solutions , like being the first to mandate all - electric vehicles .
Mr. Rockwell agrees that China has a chance to define itself early - on as promoting alternatives to oil : “ When you do n’t have an established grid , a lot of renewables look more attractive . ”
A perhaps more basic issue that investors say is challenging China is the simple demand for enough potable water and clean food — industries that fall under the loose and broad definition of “ cleantech . ”
WASHINGTON , June 8  President Bush ’s nomination of Dr. James W. Holsinger Jr. , a Kentucky cardiologist , to be surgeon general is drawing criticism from gay rights groups , physicians and lawmakers who say they are troubled by opinions critical of homosexuality that Dr. Holsinger has voiced in nearly 20 years as a high - ranking layman in the United Methodist Church .
Dr. Holsinger ’s friends within the United Methodist Church and the medical community , however , are defending him as a professional who does not discriminate against people in his congregation or in his care .
The critics said they were worried that Dr. Holsinger might not serve gay men and lesbians fairly as surgeon general , the nation ’s chief health educator , largely because of a report he wrote in 1991 for a United Methodist committee that essentially described male homosexuality as unnatural .
They also point to his service on the board of a Methodist group that in 1998 criticized the “ radical homosexual / lesbian lobby ” for trying to force the church “ to grant approval to the practice of homosexuality . ”
No permission is necessary to repost images from this site to your own blog , we just ask that you please give proper credit to the artist that created the piece and provide a link back to Skull - A - Day and / or the specific post it came from .
The more links the merrier !
Thanks for your support of the project .
MOSCOW , Aug. 15  A proposed contract between Russia and Venezuela that could transfer thousands of sniper rifles to Venezuela has raised concerns in the United States about the potential use or regional distribution of the weapons by the socialist - inspired government of President Hugo Chávez .
The rifles are the latest variant of the Dragunov , a long - barreled , semiautomatic design with a telescopic sight .
It is derived in part from the much more widely circulated Kalashnikov assault rifle .
First manufactured in 1963 for use by militaries and intelligence agencies in the Soviet Union and Warsaw Pact nations , the Dragunov and its clones have become among the most lethal and effective weapons against American troops and their allies in Iraq .
Venezuela is negotiating a contract with Rosoboronexport , the Kremlin - controlled arms export agency , to purchase about 5,000 modernized Dragunov rifles , according to officials at Izhmash , the rifle ’s manufacturer .
It ’s still the question I get asked the most .
Despite writing on this subject several times , and basically spilling the beans on every tip and tactic I know for converting site visitors into regular readers , people seem to think I ’m holding out .
Most every time I speak with a fellow blogger on the phone , or meet someone in person , inevitably some variation of the following question will arise :
OK , so level with me … how ’s you get all those subscribers ?
What ’s the real secret ?
No one wants to believe that there ’s no magical secret .
They ’d rather fantasize about some forbidden copywriting technique that drives subscriber attraction .
If I ’d just share the magical words that make the difference , they ’d immediately put those words to use .
OK , I give up .
I ’ll tell you the real secret .
The most important and all - powerful words that cause people to subscribe to your blog in large numbers are … the ones other people use when talking about you .
That ’s it .
That ’s the * real * secret .
There are a lot of bloggers out there that are working plenty hard at creating content , but getting nowhere .
It ’s because what they ’re producing does n’t fill an audience need , or the subject matter is too well - covered and the blogger has not discovered a unique angle to set themselves apart .
In either case , the content is simply not remarkable .
The word remarkable gets tossed around all the time thanks to Mr. Godin .
I sometimes wonder if people truly know what it means .
If I ask someone ’s opinion about something and they respond with “ That ’s remarkable , ” I follow up with , “ Yes , but how do you feel about it ? ”
Remarkable simply means worth talking about .
There ’s no value judgment included .
It could be bad or good ; a fleeting distraction or something worthy of continued focus ; a blog post that causes a minor single - day stir or a blogger who quickly rises in prominence .
Being a remarkable blogger is absolutely critical , but it ’s not the end of the analysis .
What the right people say about you is more important than the simple fact that they ’re talking , at least when it comes to building a regular audience .
You ca n’t please everyone , just the people who matter .
You absolutely must get people talking and linking , but they also have to be recommending .
Those words of recommendation — whether express or implied — are more powerful than any other when it comes to building your authority and subscriber list .
And that brings us full circle back to offering remarkable value to others with your content .
About the Author : Brian Clark is founder of Copyblogger and co-founder of Scribe .
Get more from Brian on Twitter .
July 18 , 2007  --
A small group of lucky fans got their copy of " Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows " early .
An online store called DeepDiscounts.com apparently shipped orders of the book early and is now being sued by Scholastic , the book 's publisher .
The early shipments went out to about 1,200 fans .
Fearing public leaks of the book 's contents , Scholastic is urging fans to keep " the packages hidden " until midnight July 21 , the official release date of the book , so as not to read the book early and possibly spoil the story for other readers .
Despite the publisher 's pleas , it 's hard to imagine that any die - hard fan who gets the book early can resist reading it once it arrives on the doorstep .
Photographs of what appeared to be the highly anticipated " Potter " finale started to appear on the Internet earlier this week .
This is the seventh and final book in the series , and -- as for the past Potter releases -- countless midnight parties are scheduled for Friday night into Saturday morning .
In a statement this afternoon , Scholastic said it was taking legal action against DeepDiscount.com and book distributor Levy Home Entertainment .
Neither company was available for comment when ABC News called .
Levy Home Entertainment is a Chicago - area company that distributes books to big retail chains like K - Mart , Target , Wal - Mart , Best Buy , Toys 'R Us and others .
The company also provides direct distribution to consumers for Web sites , including DeepDiscount.com .
" We are also making a direct appeal to the Harry Potter fans who bought their books from DeepDiscount.com and may receive copies early requesting that they keep the packages hidden until midnight on July 21st , " Scholastic said in a statement .
Since 2001 , Scholastic has sold more than 27.7 million copies of the book in the United States alone .
More than 320 million copies of the first six books have sold worldwide .
Scholastic said it is also " especially grateful " to other retailers and distributors for their " careful attention to keeping the books secure " until the release .
" And we ask everyone , especially the media , to preserve the fun and excitement for fans everywhere , " the company said .
" The fans themselves have made it abundantly clear that they are looking forward to going to the midnight parties , receiving their very own copy of the book and finally getting to read the book they have so anxiously awaited . "
The Nation
We heard a few reports , in one case corroborated by photo­graphs , that some soldiers had so lost their moral compass that they 'd mocked or desecrated Iraqi corpses .
One photo , among dozens turned over to The Nation during the investigation , shows an American soldier acting as if he is about to eat the spilled brains of a dead Iraqi man with his brown plastic Army - issue spoon .
" Take a picture of me and this motherfucker , " a soldier who had been in Sergeant Mejía 's squad said as he put his arm around the corpse .
Sergeant Mejía recalls that the shroud covering the body fell away , revealing that the young man was wearing only his pants .
There was a bullet hole in his chest .
" Damn , they really fucked you up , did n't they ? " the soldier laughed .
The scene , Sergeant Mejía said , was witnessed by the dead man 's brothers and cousins .
" You run in .
And if there 's lights , you turn them on -- if the lights are working .
If not , you 've got flashlights ....
You leave one rifle team outside while one rifle team goes inside .
Each rifle team leader has a headset on with an earpiece and a microphone where he can communicate with the other rifle team leader that 's outside .
" You go up the stairs .
You grab the man of the house .
You rip him out of bed in front of his wife .
You put him up against the wall .
You have junior - level troops , PFCs [ privates first class ] , specialists will run into the other rooms and grab the family , and you 'll group them all together .
Then you go into a room and you tear the room to shreds and you make sure there 's no weapons or anything that they can use to attack us .
" You get the interpreter and you get the man of the home , and you have him at gunpoint , and you 'll ask the interpreter to ask him : ' Do you have any weapons ?
Do you have any anti-US propaganda , anything at all - - anything -- anything in here that would lead us to believe that you are somehow involved in insurgent activity or anti-coalition forces activity ? '
" Normally they 'll say no , because that 's normally the truth , " Sergeant Bruhns said .
" So what you 'll do is you 'll take his sofa cushions and you 'll dump them .
If he has a couch , you 'll turn the couch upside down .
You 'll go into the fridge , if he has a fridge , and you 'll throw everything on the floor , and you 'll take his drawers and you 'll dump them ....
You 'll open up his closet and you 'll throw all the clothes on the floor and basically leave his house looking like a hurricane just hit it .
" And if you find something , then you 'll detain him .
If not , you 'll say , ' Sorry to disturb you .
Have a nice evening . '
So you 've just humiliated this man in front of his entire family and terrorized his entire family and you 've destroyed his home .
And then you go right next door and you do the same thing in a hundred homes . "
" One example I can give you , you know , we'd be cruising down the road in a convoy and all of the sudden , an IED blows up , " said Spc. Ben Schrader , 27 , of Grand Junction , Colorado .
He served in Baquba with the 263rd Armor Battalion , First Infantry Division , from February 2004 to February 2005 .
" And , you know , you 've got these scared kids on these guns , and they just start opening fire .
And there could be innocent people everywhere .
And I 've seen this , I mean , on numerous occasions where innocent people died because we 're cruising down and a bomb goes off . "
Several interviewees said that , on occasion , these killings were justified by framing innocents as terrorists , typically following incidents when American troops fired on crowds of unarmed Iraqis .
The troops would detain those who survived , accusing them of being insurgents , and plant AK - 47s next to the bodies of those they had killed to make it seem as if the civilian dead were combatants .
" It would always be an AK because they have so many of these weapons lying around , " said Specialist Aoun .
Cavalry scout Joe Hatcher , 26 , of San Diego , said 9 - millimeter handguns and even shovels -- to make it look like the noncombatant was digging a hole to plant an IED - - were used as well .
" Every good cop carries a throwaway , " said Hatcher , who served with the Fourth Cavalry Regiment , First Squadron , in Ad Dawar , halfway between Tikrit and Samarra , from February 2004 to March 2005 .
" If you kill someone and they 're unarmed , you just drop one on 'em . "
Those who survived such shootings then found themselves imprisoned as accused insurgents .
electricity
***
ANDREW MARR : Did you have doubts ?
ALASTAIR CAMPBELL : No , I 'll tell you , look I thought it was the right thing .
I thought it was the right thing .
ANDREW MARR : But do you think that now ?
ALASTAIR CAMPBELL : And I do think that now .
ANDREW MARR : Despite all 600,000 people dead ?
ALASTAIR CAMPBELL :
Well , you know , there are cameras there now Andrew , there were n't cameras there when there were a lot of people dying before .
In a very wide - ranging and in - depth piece of reporting , Chris Hedges & Laila Al - Arian ofhave interviewed fifty combat veterans of the Iraq war .
The results are devastating .
These are , as the writers point out , on the record , named eyewitnesses .
They are people who could testify in court , in other words .
Many of these guys have come back from the war , shocked at the disparity between the savage perversity they were part of , and what is reported in a politically timid media .
A lot of them describe a sickening resentment of Iraqis , which the authors relate to a report from the Pentagon some time ago , showing that less than half of soldiers and slightly less than two fifths of marines thought that Iraqi civilians should be treated with dignity and respect .
They 'll be a civic bunch when they return home .
It is not merely that there is depraved acting out of murderous fantasies under conditions of a frustrating war .
It is that they rarely encountered Iraqis , contrary to the notion conveyed in those wierd ' encounters ' that are filmed by embedded camera crews , in which marine commanders go out and meet ' haji ' for the day .
When they did go out of their compounds , the report says : " Some shot holes into cans of gasoline being sold along the roadside and then tossed grenades into the pools of gas to set them ablaze .
Others opened fire on children .
These shootings often enraged Iraqi witnesses . "
It goes on :
The daily sweeps and raids tend to include incidents of attacks on civilians , rarely yielding weapons caches or anything of the kind , but often ending in the destruction of homes , terrorised Iraqis , and a family having to try and find relatives who have been towed away to be ' fucked ' in one of the American military 's interrogation camps .
This is how the typical raid goes :
As you would expect , practises allegedly outlawed since Abu Ghraib continue , including the hooding .
The arrests are usually abitrary , or based on bullshit evidence or rumour or worse .
Most of those who ended up at harsh camps like Abu Ghraib were there for petty crimes like theft , but were treated like animals anyway .
( When there was a riot against conditions in the prison , the soldiers shot it up , killing nine people , and one of them posed next to the cracked skull of one corpse , pretending to eat the brains again ) .
The racist language that goes with these practises are as you would expect : " haji " , " camel jockeys or Jihad Johnny or , you know , sand nigger . "
Naturally , the second there 's trouble , they open fire on every " haji " in sight :
And , of course , since they do n't stop for any purpose , they regularly speed into Iraqi civilians with impunity - not only the army , but the private contractors as well .
And if they feel like shooting up a bunch of civilians - well , we heard before how they manage that , and it 's confirmed here :
A lot of the killings at the temporary checkpoints happen in the dark .
" Baghdad is not well lit ...
There 's not street lights everywhere .
You can't really tell what 's going on . "
Yeah , well , there 's thisproblem ...
Not that there is much risk of getting into trouble for shooting up a family at a checkpoint .
As one colonel said when briefed on the killing of a family of four by an 18 year old equipped with deadly technology : " If these fucking hajis learned to drive , this shit would n't happen . "
Further : " several troops said the rules of engagement were fluid and designed to insure their safety above all else .
Some said they were simply told they were authorized to shoot if they felt threatened , and what constituted a risk to their safety was open to wide interpretation .
" The Google ad next to the story says : ' Support Our Troops : Silicone Wrist Bands , Patches , Custom Dog Tags , Hats and more ' .
Incidentally , I have been trying to avoid the frenzy about Alistair Campbell and his diaries , but this BBC interview is worth quoting Aside from Marr 's laudable acknowledgment of the facts about this , Campbell 's response has to be the most miserable , risible excuse he could have thought of .
These deaths , of course , have by and large not been caught on camera .
They have been registered by an epidemiological survey team , whichthere before , and which found that 655,000 people died than would have died under the continued reign of Saddam and sanctions combined .
Labels : iraq , iraqi resistance , occupation , US imperialism , us troops
I do n't eat much fast food anymore .
Maybe it 's because I read Fast Food Nation a few years back and that scared me off the chalupas and whoppers .
Or it could be because the doctor told me to watch my fat intake and ease off the fried foods .
When I really think about it though , those excuses are kinda lame .
I think that the real reason I do n't eat fast food is because fast food restaurants are doing their damndest to scare us away from their restaurants .
I mean look at the weirdos they have peddling their food .
Scary clowns ?
Creepy old men ?
Purple blobs ?
The fast food companies been subjecting us to these creeps for years , but recently the situation has become unbearable .
So without further ado , I present to you my list of the 10 creepiest fast food mascots [ note : I 'm limiting the list to characters peddling goods for fast food outlets - I realize that the Kool Aid Man and Count Chocula are also disturbing , but that 's for another list ] :
Who thought selling fresh , healthy sandwiches alongside a mangy deranged rodent was a good idea ?
The last thing I want to think about when I 'm eating food is some bubonic plague carrying , disease - ridden rat .
At least Subway had the decency to saddle us with link Need more evidence ?
Tell me you want a Quiznos sub after link # 9 : A fixture of the Dominos Pizza commercials from the 80s and 90s , the Noid was a small goblin - like humanoid with rabbit ears dressed in a tight red latex suit that communicated via a series of chortles and grunts .
Tell me that ai n't creepy .
Need more evidence ?
The link was bad enough .
But adults dressing up as the Noid for Halloween and , more recently , 80s parties ?
Oh the humanity !
Most of us think that clowns are creepy .
But what about jack - in - the - boxes ?
Well , they 're just glorified clowns , with springs that pop out of boxes .
So they 're double creepy .
Need more evidence ?
Any of the link with his big round head and that cheshire cat smile .
Dear McDonalds , what exactly is this Grimace creature you have spawned ?
Is he a mutated prune ?
A malformed mushroom ?
Is he an obese American fast food consumer whose skin took on an unearthly hue after consuming one too many Happy Meals ?
Either way , the last thing I need to think about when I 'm eating a 1000 calorie cheeseburger is some overweight muppet .
Need more evidence ?
Did you know link and a penchant for stealing milkshakes ?
He also had an equally hideous green uncle , link ( as if one was n't enough ) .
It 's like Hannibal Lector is sporting the Oompa Loompa hairdo ( at least in this pic ) .
I dunno , when I 'm eating Chicken out of a bucket I really do n't want some old guy with a goatee grinning back at me .
Which makes me wonder , why are n't there more hot female fast food icons ?
Honestly , where are they ?
Where 's the Colonelette ?
Need more evidence ?
Apparently in Japan most of the KFC locations have on - site Colonel statues to greet you .
In the Japanese city of Kansai , poor treatment of one of the Colonel statues has led to an apparent link on that city 's baseball team .
Mister Softee has helped peddle ice cream treats to kids in the Northeast for 50 years .
I cringed when I first saw him .
Man with a cone for a head with soft serve billowing out the top .
And do n't get me started on his link ( is n't this the kind of thing that gets inserted into film trailers for The Omen ? )
Need more evidence ?
link featuring a LIVE - ACTION Mister Softee .
Apparently David Caruso ( CSI ) starred as Mr. Softee 's roommate in link .
Oh the nightmares I will have forevermore ... truly freaky .
Does this one really require explanation ?
The flaming red hair .
The pasty white face .
The demonically shaped mouth and the pencil thin arched eyebrows .
Yikes !
Clowns , clowns , clowns .
Clowns are evil .
Clowns are bad !
Do n't believe me ?
link
More creepy evidence :
There 's no shortage of horrific McDonald 's television commercials , but this one link really bugs me .
The only thing more horrific than the current McDonald 's clown is the old - school original .
Who designed this monstrosity ?
It looks like someone strapped a food tray atop his head and attached a dixie cup to his nose and called it a day ( link ) .
This thing is hideous .
If I saw this on the street , I 'd run for help .
Need more evidence ?
Even after they revamped the look of the old - school Ronald , he was still damned freaky .
link
More soft - serve inspired mascots .
Twins ' Tee ' and ' Eff ' , like Mister Softee , have been around for half a century .
But unlike Softee , there are two of these menaces , so I 'm putting them up higher .
Need more evidence ?
The wonderful site link turned me onto this freaky looking life - sized Tastee Freez statue .
Gotta love the soft serve head that kinda oozes into a shapeless face .
The lips also look ready to melt off in a big dollop of soft cream .
Yum . link
The only thing scarier than Ronald or Mister Softee is Burger King 's ' King ' .
As if to underscore the King 's inherent creep - factor , Burger King even link Need more evidence ?
Remember the link ads from a couple years back ( link , and link ) ?
Do you really want to wake up to this guy ?
DO YOU !?!?
The only right answer folks is " Hells no ! ! ! "
PR
島根県松江市は2007年4月から，家賃の半額を8年間補助するIT企業（情報サービス業）を誘致する制度を開始した。同市は市内に在住するまつもとゆきひろ氏が開発したRubyを核に産業振興を図る「Ruby City Matsue プロジェクト」を進めている（関連記事「オンリーワンが人の心に火をつける」---松江市長 松浦正敬氏がRuby City Matsueプロジェクトを語る）。松江市では「 Rubyを使いこなす技術力のある企業に応募してほしい」と話している。
同制度による補助金の名称は 「松江市情報サービス産業等立地促進補助金」。20万円を限度に，オフィスの賃料の半額を補助金として交付する。期間は補助金交付決定のあった日から8年間分。自治体による賃料補助で，8年間の長期におよぶものは珍しいという。
対象となる情報サービス産業などとは，具体的には「ソフトウエアの開発，ハードウエア，ネットワークを含む情報システム全体の構築，ネットワークを利用した各種サービス，情報化に関わるコンサルティングなどを行う知識集約型産業および情報サービス産業に携わる人材育成機関」を指す。
対象となる事業者の範囲は以下の通り。市外から新規に松江市に立地した企業であること。市内に在住する常時従業者を3人以上継続して雇用する企業であること（人材育成機関を除く）。市内の空き施設に入居し，所有者と賃貸貸借契約を締結していること。創業を開始しているとともに賃貸契約日から1年以内であること。
また松江市では，電気代の半額を最長8年間補助する制度「企業立地支援補助金制度」もすでに実施している。
「 Ruby City Matsue プロジェクト 」 では，松江駅前に交流拠点「松江オープンソースラボ」を開設。地元の産官学がオープンソースによる産業振興を目的に結成した団体「しまねOSS協議会」が，ラボで毎月勉強会「オープンソースサロン」を開催するなどの活動を行っている。松江オープンソースラボの隣室ではまつもと氏が勤務するネットワーク応用研究所がサテライトオフィスを構えており，オープンソースサロンなどでまつもと氏とのフェイス・トゥ・フェイスの意見交換の機会もある。松江市では「補助だけでなく，Rubyの開発者と直接触れ合える環境を魅力と考える企業に応募してほしい」と話している。
◎関連資 料
◆松江市情報サービス産業等立地促進補助金交付要綱
This boy 's brain may just have been getting warm , the study suggests
Psychologists who studied 44 students concluded that yawning sent cooler air to the brain , helping it to stay alert .
Yawning therefore delays sleep rather than promotes it , the study in Evolutionary Psychology suggested .
The desire to yawn when others do so may also be a mechanism to help a group stay alert in the face of danger .
Chill out
The common wisdom is that people yawn because they need oxygen , but the researchers at the University of Albany in New York said their experiments showed that raising or lowering oxygen and carbon dioxide levels in the blood did not produce that reaction .
The next time you are telling a story and a listener yawns there is no need to be offended - yawning , a physiological mechanism designed to maintain attention , turns out to be a compliment
Their evidence suggested instead that drawing in air helps cool the brain and helps it work more effectively .
In a study of the 44 students , researchers found that those who breathed through the nose rather than the mouth were less likely to yawn when watching a video of other people yawning .
This was because vessels in the nasal cavity sent cool blood to the brain , they said .
The same effect was found among those who held a cool pack to their forehead , while those who held a warm or room - temperature pack yawned when watching the video .
" Since yawning occurs when brain temperature rises , sending cool blood to the brain serves to maintain optimal levels of mental efficiency , " the authors wrote .
" So the next time you are telling a story and a listener yawns there is no need to be offended - yawning , a physiological mechanism designed to maintain attention , turns out to be a compliment . "
Welcome to Neuticles.com – advancing pet technology for over 25 years …..
Click any logo above to learn about our products …
Visit our Merchandise Mart for the latest in NeuticleWare and NeuticlesWear … …
Meet Humphrey the Neuticles spokedog on Humphrey Speaks Bulldog Blog …..
Over 500,000 Neuticled Pets in 67 countries ….
Neuticles – helping pet owners overcome the trauma of neutering for over a quarter century ….
NEW … AllerFADE – relives allergy pet toe itching on contact …..
CTI – the only company on Earth creating pet implantation devices for pets … .
NEW – Pesky pet tear eye stains ?
iStainGON
It really works …..
Neuticles - winner of the IG Nobel Peace Prize for medicine …..
Click any logo above to learn about our products ……
Welcome to Neuticles.com – advancing pet technology for over 25 years ……
When your vet says ‘ sorry there ’s nothing more we can do ’ , its AllerFADE to the rescue !!!…
NEW - PermaStay Ear Implantation for pets – the World ’s first permanent solution for bent or broken ears … .
World Class customer service and support with orders shipped the same day … .
Post operative scars on your pet ?
CTI ScarGon
Gel will make them disappear in a week …
NEW – TempoStay Ear Supports for Canine ’s eliminates taping or posting of ears …..
Welcome to Neuticles.com – advancing pet technology for over 25 years ……
Meet Humphrey the Neuticles spokedog on Humphrey Speaks Bulldog Blog …..
Four Neuticles models available for any pet or animal in 13 sizes …..
Holy cow !
A Neuticled miniature cow ?
Watch for it on Dr Jeff - Rocky Mountain Vet… .
We ship Worldwide !!!….
Click any logo above to learn about our products …
When you neuter with Neuticles its like nothing ever changed …..
See incredible before / after pics on the PermaStay page …..
Neuticle Earrings ???
Only available on Neuticles.com ….
Welcome to Neuticles.com – advancing pet technology for over 25 years ……
CTEyes for canines , felines , equine and bulls ….
Free shipping on all orders within the US !!!…..
Join us on FaceBook and get the latest on our products …..
Meet Humphrey the Neuticles spokedog on Humphrey Speaks Bulldog Blog …..
Neuticles - providing a perfectly safe alternative to altering any pet …
All of our innovative products are crafted with care in the USA !!!…..
Click any logo above to learn about our products …
Welcome to Neuticles.com – advancing pet technology for over 25 years ……
Neutering ?
Insist on Neuticles !!!
NEW iStainGON – It really works ……
All products clinically tested to be safe and effective for your pet … …
Top 10 Friendliest Cat Breeds
In The World
# 10 : Chantilly / Tiffany
The Chantilly / Tiffany breed ( right ) can be described as moderate in personality .
Simply stated , it means the Tiffany is neither lazy or overactive , a trait many cat owners find desirable .
They are affectionate , loyal , and friendly , although just a little wary around strangers .
# 9 : Somali
The Somali ( right ) is one cat that likes to be noticed .
You wo n't find him hiding on the top of the entertainment center , he would much rather be on your lap giving affection .
Some Somalies are so affectionate , they will choose human contact over food !
They also tend to remain playful all their lives , having just as much fun with toys as kittens do .
As a Somali owner , expect to have your cat beside you at all times .
# 7 : Persian
The Persian ( below ) has long been known as the aristocrat of catdom !
They are most known for their thick and luxurious coat , large eyes , and short but sturdy - legged body .
It is because of this body type that the Persian has a " slow moving dignity " about them , making them a quiet and relaxed pet , unexcelled for it 's decorative value !
Persians are among the most affectionate and loyal of cats .
Throughout the years , they have consistently ranked as one of the most popular cat breeds ever .
# 6 : Manx
The Manx ( left ) breed are primarily known for " tailless " gene .
Essentially , different Manx cats can be born with different sized tails , or even no tail at all .
Despite this , Manx are extremely athletic .
They have very powerful back legs that enable them to accelerate quickly , and jump to surprising heights .
Like many of the cats on our list , the Manx tend to bond strongly with their owners , but may have difficulty with moving to a new home .
# 5 : Maine Coon
The Maine Coon ( right ) cat has a long , thick coat and the temperament of the Domestic Shorthair .
The Coon cat was so named in the mistaken belief that it was half raccoon .
He has far less undercoat than the Persian and is much less inclined to suffer from mats and tangles .
This is a good thing , as Coon cats are very active and excellent " ratters " .
In fact , they were originally bred to control the rat populations on Maine farms .
# 4 : Burmese
The Burmese ( right ) breed is split into two sub-categories : British Burmese and American Burmese .
Both tend to form strong bonds with their owners , and are attracted to any kind of human activity .
Burmese are very playful , and will even retrieve items for their masters .
Many also display kitten - like characteristics well into their adult life .
# 2 : Exotic Shorthair
Exotics ( right ) are essentially the Persian breed , with a short - haired coat that is much easier to maintain than the coat of a regular Persian .
Not surprisingly , Exotics have inherited their gentle ways and tame personality from their Persian ancestors .
# 1 : Abyssinian
Number one on our list is the Abyssinian ( right ) , a cat with a distinctive , powerful grace , and rather wild beauty .
The ruddy or red coat is short , soft and thick .
Unlike most other breeds , the Aby is fond of water and can be an excellent swimmer .
Some say that the Aby is so intelligent , they train their owners , instead of their owners training them !
But you will never find a cat more loyal and affectionate with people .
Unfortunately , Abyssinians can be difficult to breed , and therefore are hard to find and relatively expensive to buy .
# 8 : Ragdoll
Ragdolls ( below ) are well known for their intelligence and loyal nature .
They have many " puppy " like characteristics , will easily learn their name and come when called , and love to play and give affection .
The males are among the largest of cats , some weighing up to 15 pounds .
That 's pretty big in the cat world !
Overall , the Ragdoll is an ideal house pet .
# 3 : Birman
The great thing about a Birman ( right ) is how balanced the cat is in regards to its personality .
They are definitely a " people 's cat " who bond strongly with their owners .
The Birman is another cat who enjoys greeting his owners when they arrive home .
They have a curious nature and are one of the most intelligent cats .
Source of original list : " Cats Most Wanted " , by Alexander Allred .
Source of descriptions : Pet Meds Online .
There will always be debate among cat owners and breeders as to which cat breed is the most friendly .
It is definitely something to consider when choosing a cat for your family .
This list of the friendliest cats ever - particularily with children and strangers - was compiled with the assistance of many animal behaviorists and veterinarians :
Copyright 2006 - 2011 PetMedsOnline .
Org
What DON'T we have in our store for cats ?
Not much !
Find everything from basic grooming items to high tech devices designed for pets in our online store !
I ’m no expert on criminal justice , but that never stops anybody else from holding forth , so here goes .
I did have a career in public policy , so I do think I have a few words of wisdom to impart .
I ’m also thinking aloud , since these issues are not cut and dried , as far as I ’m concerned .
As Marx ( Groucho ) said , “ These are my views , if you do n’t like them I have others . ”
Feedback is welcome .
First we have to back up a bit .
Do we think we are going to smash the capitalist state ?
If we do , I ’m afraid we are drunk .
As long as there is a State , it will have a police force , or under current circumstances , several police forces .
Not surprisingly , these police forces will be obliged to preserve the power of the State .
Next question , do we think the State is an irremediable institution impervious to reform ?
If we do , we can simply stop reading now .
We are doomed .
But like the joke about the man who responds to a dire medical diagnosis by resolving to find a different doctor , we could choose to begin with different presumptions .
A more optimistic view is that the State is a contested field .
It can do both good and bad things .
The idea that it cannot possibly do anything good is usually cast in illogical terms , and usually by people with a weak grasp of the details of policy .
If for instance you are moved to denounce some new act of commission or omission by the State , I ’m afraid you are stuck with the idea that constructive reform is indeed possible .
After all , if you are outraged by some new , terrible development , it means that ex ante , things were somewhat better , or less bad .
What Lenin referred to as special bodies of armed men are surely one of the tougher nuts to crack , among other State institutions and policies .
Unlike Lenin , we are not confronting a czar , at least not yet .
In the interest of honoring # BlackLivesMatter , we should be interested in measures that are both effective and practical .
In that spirit , I want to try to sort out the proposals that are floating around right now .
In one corner is the slick # 8 cantwait campaign promoted by Campaign Zero , under the leadership of Deray McKesson .
This is often identified as a Black Lives Matter project , and McKesson has claimed to be a leader of BLM .
The truth is that Black Lives Matter is a wholly separate organization that does not overlap with Campaign Zero .
McKesson came out of the anti-union ‘ Teach for America ’ operation and is networked into the Democratic Party and the NGO / foundation world ( as was I , on a limited , obscure level ) .
From where I sit , # 8 cantwait ’s reform proposals are a mixed bag , and certainly wonky food for thought .
Whatever you think of it , however , it is not the product of any sort of consensus among BLM activists .
To the contrary , the project looks like a one - man operation by someone who rejects working directly with the plethora of BLM groups around the country .
Campaign Zero is really striving to take ownership of the BLM brand .
Unfortunately , to some extent the protests have gravitated to a polar opposite of Campaign Zero , an abolitionist “ defund ” stance .
Now I understand that can be an abbreviation for some kind of radical restructuring of policing , or a kind of opening bid to generate political pressure .
We could reduce police budgets and allocate the funds for other purposes .
It ’s all good .
“ Defund ” does not necessarily mean a fantasy world without any police , but it does beg the question of alternatives .
What it would look like is often left to the imagination , and there are voices literally calling for zero police .
After all , abolition is an entirely negative position .
Absent some more substantive proposal , the audience for this slogan is likely to default to a literal translation , namely that we will not have a police force .
That ’s just ridiculous .
It ’s a dead end .
It will never happen .
People can keep yelling it , but eventually the protests will thin out .
People have lives to get back to .
There is burn - out .
Police enforcement magnifies the attrition , in the form of physical injury and legal entanglement .
One angle to keep in mind , reminiscent of my younger years , is that the intensity of the moment drives one to seek deep , radical explanations .
Back in the day , the twin evils of the Vietnam War and racism drove students like myself to hackneyed vintages of Marxism - Leninism .
A tough problem required a tough solution .
Today we see a tendency to reject reforms with tortured arguments that they are not sufficiently radical .
So in the other corner , a prime example of the desire for ruthless criticism , which I share , is this well - circulated graphic .
Its authors are obscure , if not anonymous .
The basic frame for criticism is the above - cited principle of abolition .
Reforms must reduce the power of the police , regarding which “ defund ” is the signifier .
The desired alternatives are reforms that challenge the legitimacy of policing itself .
This is a horse of a different color .
My preferred remedies lie somewhere in the space between # 8 cantwait and abolitionism .
I share some of the abolitionist critiques of # 8 cantwait proposals , though for different reasons .
For instance , the plea for better police training .
The wave of assaults on demonstrators and innocent bystanders that we observe are not the result of inadequate training .
To the contrary , they are the fruit of malice unencumbered by fear of consequences .
I ’ve also a jaundiced view of ideas that rely on what could be called self - regulation of police behavior , like an honor system , such as the demand for body cams .
This requires that officers actually turn their body cams on , or leave them on during times when they have a substantial interest in turning them off .
Another is the plea to show badges not covered by tape to prevent their identification .
In principle the government can discipline police who failed to self - regulate .
In practice this is difficult .
Police are a political power unto themselves .
They can make life difficult for citizens and business owners .
When they unionize , their power is enhanced .
When one or a few screw up , the rest rally in support .
We ought not neglect low - hanging fruit – changes that are simple and easy to verify .
For instance , deprive the police of military equipment that has no place in the community .
Problem is , this has little practical import .
Police brutality is not committed by fancy equipment , but by means of the most primitive of instruments – the billy club .
The exception is weapons of chemical warfare .
Removing that from the police arsenal would be welcome and is simple enough to implement .
The most relevant policy neglected in the protests is a demand for institutions capable of policing the police , what used to be called civilian review boards ( CRB ) .
In my ideal set - up , these boards would command the internal affairs division of the police department and have the power to investigate , discipline , fire , arrest , and prosecute police officers guilty of misconduct .
In an era of ubiquitous camera phones where police are under constant threat of being recorded committing crimes , the workings of a CRB could have a significant impact on behavior .
The abolitionists reject CRBs on the ground that they have never been effectively stood up before .
But on these grounds , we could reject the entire abolitionist platform .
Finally , there is the matter of policy , which goes to whom we elect to public office .
Over the past few weeks , a wide assortment of liberal mayors , both black and white , have been exposed as either incapable or unwilling to direct their police forces to focus on public safety , rather than counterinsurgency .
In other words , if less police manpower was wasted on the pointless task of moving around large crowds of law - abiding demonstrators , they could be deployed to prevent property damage .
The failure of local governments in this regard is mystifying .
You might say they need to demonstrate the power of Capital to brutalize the population , to assert control , or ‘ domination , ’ as the president demands .
I ’m skeptical .
Or perhaps police forces in conditions of mass upsurge are simply impossible for their elected bosses to control .
I do n’t have a better explanation .
Maybe you do .
In any case there is a lot of good that could be done , by ongoing mobilization .
Pressure works , and the State will react .
Its legitimacy , which underlies the consent of the governed , is in worse shape than ever before .
Even the Amish have come out .
The failure of a medley of liberal mayors opens up a new political space , but to fill it , a new movement needs organization and an appealing program that goes beyond three - word slogans .
Thus far the local BLM agitation has a way to go in this regard .
A demand to defund the police might fill a town square , but it will not win an election .
In the vacuum , the danger is that an # 8 cantwait posture of noodling with reforms and herding people back to supporting lackluster Democratic politicians will coopt protest energy and stave off more compelling solutions .
The new political opening places a new burden on the opposition .
It will have to get more specific about positive reforms and self - avowed reformers .
After all , some of the failing mayors themselves came up as critics of police misconduct .
Now more than ever , there is potential for progressive electoral campaigns , founded on candidates who make hard commitments to reforms .
In this context , the Democratic Socialists of America , to which I belong ( but do not speak for ) , could play a crucial role .
An account of the right way for DSA to engage the agitation , from my standpoint , is here .
I am not referring to the demands themselves , which smack a bit too much of the abolitionist error discussed above .
The two key takeaways for me are : 1 ) cooperate with local leadership of the protests , and do not pretend to be leading them , unless there really is no other leadership ; 2 ) be clearly identified as DSA , with banners if possible , and do not be shy about inviting others to learn more about DSA ( literal recruiting on the spot would be ham - handed ) .
We should not require candidates to declare themselves socialists ; such affirmations are as easily abandoned as anything else .
But we can take steps to cement them into progressive positions .
The key disciplining mechanism is the establishment of independent progressive organization , which can make credible threats to withdraw political support when necessary .
An added source of flexibility is that third party candidacies are more feasible at the local level .
There is not as much of a penalty if a left campaign causes a centrist to lose to a right - wing candidate .
We can survive conservative mayors .
Surviving another four years of Trump is altogether a different thing .
In general , the objective should be to create something durable out of the current , unprecedented upsurge .
Very few such opportunities present themselves .
It would be a tragedy to let one pass by , not least considering the burgeoning , multiple crises with which we are now confronted .
From Roll Call ( subscription ) :
With Attorney General Alberto Gonzales vowing to remain in his job and President Bush standing by him , Senate Democratic leaders are seriously considering bringing a resolution to the floor expressing no confidence in Gonzales , according to a senior leadership source .
" I do n't think [ Gonzales ] can survive , no matter what the president says , " said the source .
The vote would be nonbinding and have no substantive impact , but it would force all Republican Senators into the politically uncomfortable position of saying publicly whether they continue to support Gonzales in the wake of the scandal surrounding the firings of eight U.S. attorneys .
Democratic leaders have not yet set an exact time frame for when they would bring such a resolution to the floor .
WASHINGTON , May 2
–And you thought he was still “ the decider . ”
President Bush coined a new nickname for himself — ‘’ the commander guy ” — on Wednesday , as he criticized Congressional Democrats in a speech to the annual gathering of the Associated General Contractors of America , a construction industry trade group .
The man who last year proclaimed “ I ’m the decider , ’’ in response to a question about whether he would fire Donald Rumsfeld as defense secretary , came up with this latest moniker in explaining why he vetoed an Iraq war spending bill that dictated a timeline for troops to withdraw from Iraq .
“ The question is , ‘ Who ought to make that decision , the Congress or the commanders ? , ’’ Mr. Bush said .
“ As you know , my position is clear – I ’m the commander guy . ”
Mr. Bush issued the veto Tuesday ; on Wednesday , the House failed to muster the two - thirds majority necessary for an override and Congressional leaders went to the White House to talk to the commander guy about a new spending measure .
Both sides said afterward they believed compromise was possible .
But if Democrats try to tie his hands in prosecuting the war , Mr. Bush has vowed to exercise his veto power again .
Would that make him “ veto man ? ”
Adding value to your home
Adding value to your home and creating a fantastic space to relax has never been so easy .
There are many companies which supply landscape gardening solutions .
With the increasing popularity of new gardens , timber decking and patios there has never been a better time to create a unique living space with your existing garden and transform the entire look of your old garden .
We also aim to help you and give you the best advice on your demands and make your new landscaping project as stress - free as possible .
There are many ways you can organise a landscape gardening architect for the more advanced and larger gardens .
This would include a landscape designer who would design your garden from your ideas , and help you visualise your new garden project with drawings and diagrams .
Garden Landscape Design
Here is everything you need to create a wonderful garden that the whole family can enjoy .
If you purchase products after clicking on links on our site , we may earn an affiliate commission .
Learn more
How to Build a Gaming PC : Your Definitive Guide to Your First Gaming PC
Keeping fit is very important ; it not only helps you stay healthy but saves you the stress of having to visit the gym from time to time .
It also saves you the wait of staying aside for others to finish up with gym equipment before you can do your exercise .
Luckily building a body fitness center in your home is not hard .
All you need to do is to invest in the right tools that can help you burn some calories .
According to Bladez , who specializes in the sales of fitness tools , the following tools will help you keep fit at home .
Heavy boxing bag : this bag is the secret of what makes boxers have killer physiques .
As they duck and punch , they burn calories and build muscles .
Using a punching bag does not mean you want to be a boxer , and it is not meant only for fighters but a way of helping you have a right look .
Stability ball : the use of stability ball is common among fitness people called yogis .
The ball helps you work on core parts of your body , most notably the back and the legs .
Mainly because its surface is unstable , it helps the muscles work harder to stay balanced .
Adjustable dumbbells : if you are serious about having a strength - training routine .
This tool will help you increase weight in a 3 - pound increment to at least 24 - pounds weight by moving the selector pin of the adjustable dumbbells .
Suspension trainer : with this tool , your intensity of the workout will be great .
It usually comes with everything you need to get started , including a manual and DVD to watch for adequate exercise .
Kettlebells : if you are a regular gym house visitor , you will be familiar with this tool .
Mostly used by men , kettlebells help your body … Read More
77 Million Paintings
was presented by San Francisco 's Long Now Foundation , an art collective established to pursue projects promoting a " slower and better " worldview .
The show is one of Eno's " generative " works .
He loads his images and sounds onto a computer , which plays them back randomly as an infinite set of permutations -- hence the title .
Posted on July 3 , 2007 in Uncategorized
What July the 4th and America should mean :
And what it ’s come to mean :
Watching the contenders for the Democratic party nomination at the Washington Hilton this weekend during the party 's winter meeting was to see Bruni 's formula applied with precision ( though he might have added : " Have millionaire backers , be tall , married and able - bodied " - it is unlikely the wheelchair user FDR would have been elected in the era of mass television ) .
The candidates were each allowed seven minutes , 30 seconds of theme music , and 100 poster - waving fans , to lay out their stall for the new American century .
Each one spoke of how the nation 's historic mission as a beacon of liberty , justice and opportunity throughout the globe , had been traduced by the Bush administration .
There was nothing bad enough you could say about the Iraq war , the budget deficit or the state of healthcare .
There was also nothing concrete that most of the candidates would say about what they would do to fix them .
With little of substance on offer , delivery was everything .
Barack Obama , who delivered beautifully , called for an end to cynicism in American politics .
That 's a lot of work for just seven minutes .
Americans , such demanding consumers in every other aspect of their lives , curiously expect little from their political leaders .
They hold the principle of democracy dear ; but the purpose of democracy remains elusive .
The notion that " the people shall govern " is the cornerstone of American political identity - even if the nonchalance with which they watched Bush steal the 2000 election revealed a disturbing reluctance to defend it .
Yet the idea that elections should be the mechanism for effecting real change barely seems to register - which is why it was relatively easy for Bush to get away with robbery .
The weekend before November 's midterms , for example , I walked up the Las Vegas Strip asking people if they thought the coming elections mattered .
Roughly one in five either did not know the elections were taking place or had no intention of voting .
Yet precisely 100 % said they thought the elections mattered .
This dislocation is not particular to the US .
For all its inadequacies , America 's political culture has proved far more responsive to opposition to the war or corruption than Britain's .
But both the popular attachment to democratic ideals and the general ambivalence to democratic outcomes are more intense , making the discrepancy more pronounced .
Everybody knows that , if counted ( a significant if ) , their vote will make a difference to who is actually elected .
But few expect that whoever they elect will really make any difference to the issues they care about .
And so voting takes on a ritualistic quality .
Like Independence Day or Thanksgiving , it marks a date on the calendar not for changing America 's politics , but for celebrating its promise .
Whether one participates or not seems less important than the fact of the event itself .
The consensus view of November 's elections is that voters turned their back on the war and the Bush agenda and opted instead for a new course in favour of bipartisanship and troop withdrawal .
But the truth is that most of them turned their back on the elections .
The fact that , at only 42 % , this was the highest midterm turnout for 36 years is merely an indication of how entrenched this condition has become .
The so - called Gingrich revolution of 1994 was won with just 38.8 % of the vote .
In the words of Gil Scott - Heron : " The first thing I want to say is : mandate , my ass . "
The point here is not that there is no difference between the two main parties but that the difference is insufficient to make a significant impact on the lives of large numbers of Americans .
The problem is not that people do n't want or need change - the poorer you are , the less likely you are to vote - but that they have long since given up on the idea that voting is the way to get it .
The future of the country was supposed to hinge on the outcome of the 2004 presidential election .
But somehow the issues of poverty , racism and infrastructural decay that were evident in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina nine months later just never came up .
By the time the midterms arrived , little over a year later , Katrina had somehow become irrelevant again .
It 's not difficult to see why .
Elections are big business .
Last year the parties spent $ 2bn on ads alone .
Throw in the fees for thousands of lobbyists , consultants and fundraisers and the electoral - industrial complex starts to develop a momentum of its own .
Hillary Clinton , who faced only token opposition in a Senate race she won by 30 points , still lavished $ 27,000 on valet parking and $ 13,000 on flowers .
The people who provide this money have healthcare , housing and decent schools for their kids .
They pay the pipers and name the tune .
The mainstream media dances dutifully .
Reporters somehow never encounter non-voters , instead constructing a country hotly debating the issues and weighing up the candidates .
Obsessed by polls and personalities , they have a surreal fixation about who is up and who is down , with little indication of why we should care .
They have barely digested the results of one election before they move on to devour the next .
The morning after the midterms , with the fate of the Senate in the balance , CNN already had a banner along the bottom of its screen that read " America votes 2008 " .
New York magazine hit the stands with a picture of Hillary Clinton on the cover and the words : " And now the real race begins " .
And so in the Washington Hilton the permanent campaign that transforms American politics into a never - ending soap opera continues .
Four years ago a rank outsider , Howard Dean , made his name at this event with an anti-war speech that transformed the dynamics of the campaign .
This year he wielded the gavel as the leader of the Democratic National Committee and everybody is against the war .
It 's almost two years until the presidential elections .
We can only hope that between now and then progressive movements will again see the candidates ' opportunism as their opportunity and bring their influence to bear on whoever decides to run .
In the meantime , with little of substance to debate , the media are reduced to discussing strategy and style .
Can the Democrats reclaim the west ?
Should they abandon the south ?
When will Obama 's star fade ?
Are Hillary 's positives greater than her negatives ?
Is America ready to elect a Mormon , a black man or a white woman ?
Enjoying the race , and ignoring what lies beyond the finish line .
g.younge@theguardian.com
As criticism of the handling of Haneef 's case intensified , sources last night confirmed that a crucial piece of evidence presented in a Brisbane court in the case against him was wrong .
They confirmed that Haneef 's mobile phone SIM card was not found in a burning vehicle at Glasgow Airport , contrary to evidence cited by a Crown prosecutor last Saturday .
Instead , Haneef 's SIM card was found at a house in Liverpool , hundreds of kilometres away , when his cousin Sabeel Ahmed was arrested eight hours after the Glasgow attack .
Ahmed has been charged with withholding information about a terrorist act .
A source close to the British investigation into the attempted bombings said the Australian Federal Police were considered a laughing stock by Britain 's Metropolitan Police , for allowing " such a major cock - up " to happen .
" This is very embarrassing for them , " he said .
Haneef 's wife Firdous Arshiya told The Age last night : " I think the truth is now finally coming out and my husband will be proved innocent .
I know when he gave the SIM card to Sabeel and where .
He gave it to him in our house in Liverpool . "
Mr Hayden , who was governor - general from 1989 to 1996 and foreign minister in the Hawke government , called for an independent judicial review of the " appalling and frightening " decision to revoke Haneef 's visa after he was granted bail by a Brisbane magistrate on Monday .
" With a quite imminent election , this all has a smell like a rebirthing bid of Tampa and children overboard , " he said .
" There are things worth fighting for , and this is worth fighting for . "
Mr Hulls ' attack comes as Federal Labor maintains its support of the Government 's actions .
Former chief justice of the family court , Alastair Nicholson , QC , said the Federal Opposition had traded political expedience for principle by failing to challenge this " misuse of power " .
The treatment of Haneef , who was photographed this week barefoot and shackled , was also criticised yesterday by Islamic groups and the Uniting Church .
Ikebal Patel , president of the Australian Federation of Islamic Councils , said the intervention of Immigration Minister Kevin Andrews in the case had compounded feelings of alienation for Muslim Australians .
" If you talk about radicalisation , what does it take to radicalise somebody . . ? " he asked .
" Sometimes you feel that there 's more respect for animal rights now than there is to be a Muslim in Australia , " he said .
As Mr Andrews dismissed calls to review the visa cancellation , he revealed his department had granted a tourist visa to a cousin of Haneef .
Mr Andrews said that after security and character checks , Imran Siddiqui had been granted a visa to travel here to support his cousin .
Meanwhile , New Delhi's
The Hindu reported that Australia has sent a Letters Rogatory to India , formally seeking assistance in probing the links and antecedents of Haneef .
Haneef was granted bail on a charge of recklessly providing support to a terrorist organisation .
His lawyers have opted to keep him in jail while they challenge the cancellation of his visa on character grounds .
Mr Andrews ' decision means he would await trial in a detention centre .
The AFP has so far released to Haneef 's lawyers only one of the two interviews the Indian - born doctor gave to police .
Mr Keelty called for a stop to public speculation about the case .
Prime Minister John Howard said criticism of the handling of the case should be directed to the Department of Public Prosecutions or police .
" Under our system of justice the executive has no role in the prosecution of people , nor it should , " he said .
But Mr Hulls said : " Our criminal justice system is founded on the principle that any person charged with an offence is innocent until proven guilty and no one , including governments , should in any way impinge upon this principle . "
A former Victorian Court of Appeal judge , Stephen Charles , QC , said that while all the facts had not yet been aired in court , it appeared the visa cancellation was aimed at deliberately bypassing the legal process .
Mr Nicholson called for a review of the terror laws ' use to detain Haneef and the decision to cancel his passport .
Eleni Poulos , from the Uniting Church 's social justice arm , said : " Australia 's national interest is not served by undermining our legal system . "
But Labor 's shadow attorney - general , Joe Ludwig , said he was confident the legal system was able " to manage these issues in the interests of justice " .
The Commonwealth DPP said it could not comment on a case before the courts .
Jordanian doctor Mohammed Jamil Asha , 26 , last night appeared in court in London charged with conspiracy to cause explosions .
Asha was the fourth person to be charged after two cars packed with explosives were found in central London on June 29 .
His case was adjourned to July 27 .
With DEWI COOKE , BRENDAN NICHOLSON , JULIA MAY , AMRIT DHILLON
> {-# LANGUAGE MultiParamTypeClasses ,
> NoImplicitPrelude ,
> UndecidableInstances #-}
> import Debug .
Trace
> import Prelude hiding ( ( >>= ) , (>>) , return )
> import Data .
Monoid
> import Data.Map ( toList , fromListWith )
> class Monad1 m a where
> return :: a -> m a
> class ( Monad1 m a , Monad1 m b ) =>
Monad2 m a b where
> (>>= ) :: m a -> ( a -> m b ) -> m b
> (>> ) :: m a -> m b -> m b
> l >> f = l >>= \_ -> f
> class MonadPlus m where
> mzero :: m a
> mplus :: m a -> m a -> m a
i
i
i
n
i
j
n - 1
j
ji
n
i
ji
min
min
> infinity :: Fractional a => a
> infinity = 1/0
> data M l p a = M { runM :: [ ( a , p,l ) ] } deriving ( Eq , Show , Ord )
l
Writer
u = M [ ( B, 3 , [ ] ) , ( F, 4 , [ ] ) ] :: M Vertex Float [ ( ) ]
v = M [ ( A, 1 , [ ] ) , ( D, 3 , [ ] ) ]
w = M [ ( D,3 , [ ] ) , ( E,3 , [ ] ) ] .
M [ ( M [ ( A,1 , [ ] ) , ( D, 3 , [ ] ) ] , 3 , [ ] ) , ( M [ ( D,3 , [ ] ) , ( E, 3 , [ ] ) ] , 4 , [ ] ) ] :: M ( M Vertex Float [ ( ) ] )
Float [ ( ) ] .
M Vertex Float [ ( ) ]
M M a -> M a
>>=
> instance ( Ord a , Monoid l , Num p ) => Monad1 ( M l p ) a where
> return a = M [ ( a,0 , mempty ) ]
> instance ( Ord a , Monoid l , Fractional p , Ord b , Ord p , Ord l ) => Monad2 ( M l p ) a b where
> M x >>= f = let
> applyf = [ ( f a , p, l ) | ( a , p, l ) > rawresult = concat [ [ ( a ' , ( p+p ' , l `mappend` l' ) ) | ( a ' , p' , l ' ) > reduced = map ( \( a , ( p, l ) ) -> ( a , p,l ) ) $ toList $ fromListWith min $ rawresult
> filtered = filter ( \( _ , p, l ) -> p/=infinity ) reduced
> in M filtered
> instance MonadPlus ( M l p ) where
> mzero = M mempty
> mplus ( M a ) ( M b ) = M ( a ++ b)
> guard True = return ()
> guard False = mzero
> choose x = M $ map ( \( a , p ) -> ( a , p , mempty ) ) x
MonadPlus
choose
> data Vertex = A | B | C | D | E | F deriving ( Eq , Show , Ord )
> graph A = choose [ ( B,1 ) , ( C,2 ) ]
> graph B = choose [ ( A,1 ) , ( D,3 ) ]
> graph C = choose [ ( A,2 ) , ( D, 4 ) , ( E,1 ) ]
> graph D = choose [ ( B,3 ) , ( C,4 ) , ( E,2 ) , ( F, 3 ) ]
> graph E = choose [ ( C,1 ) , ( D, 2 ) , ( F, 3 ) ]
> graph F = choose [ ( D,3 ) , ( E,3 ) ]
A
> ex0 :: M [ ( ) ]
Float Vertex
> ex0 = do
> step1 > step2 > step3 > step4 > return step4
F
> ex1 :: M [ ( ) ]
Float Vertex
> ex1 = do
> step1 > step2 > step3 > step4 > guard $ step4==F
> return step4
record
tell
Writer
>>=
> record l = M [ ( ( ) , 0, l ) ]
> ex2 = do
> step1 > record [ step1 ]
> step2 > record [ step2 ]
> step3 > record [ step3 ]
> step4 > record [ step4 ]
> guard ( step4==E || step4== F )
> return ( step1,step4 )
>>=
( m >>= f ) >>= g = m >>= ( \x -> f x >>= g )
f
g
ex2
> ex3 = do
> step1 > step4 > step3 > step2 > record [ step1 ]
> graph step1
> record [ step2 ]
> graph step2
> record [ step3 ]
> graph step3
> do
> record [ step4 ]
> guard ( step4==E || step4== F )
> return ( step1,step4 )
> diag ( a : as , b: bs ) = choose [ ( ( as , bs ) , if a==b then 0 else 1 ) ]
> diag _ = mzero
> right ( a: as , bs ) = choose [ ( ( as , bs ) , 1 ) ]
> right _ = mzero
> down ( as , b: bs ) = choose [ ( ( as , bs ) , 1 ) ]
> down _ = mzero
> nop ( [ ] , [ ] ) = return ( [ ] , [ ] )
> nop _ = mzero
> munch :: ( String , String ) -> M [ ( ) ]
Float ( String , String )
> munch x = diag x `mplus` right x `mplus` down x `mplus` nop x
> pure ( M a ) = length a==1
> editDistance a b = until pure ( >>= munch ) ( munch ( a , b ) )
> ex4 = editDistance " hypocrisy " " hippocracy "
Data .
Set
> data Weather = Rainy | Sunny deriving ( Eq , Show , Ord )
> data Activity = Walk | Shop | Clean deriving ( Eq , Show , Ord )
> transition Rainy = choose [ ( Rainy , - log 0.7 ) , ( Sunny , - log 0.3 ) ]
> transition Sunny = choose [ ( Rainy , - log 0.4 ) , ( Sunny , - log 0.6 ) ]
> emission Rainy = choose [ ( Walk , - log 0.1 ) , ( Shop , - log 0.4 ) , ( Clean , - log 0.5 ) ]
> emission Sunny = choose [ ( Walk , - log 0.6 ) , ( Shop , - log 0.3 ) , ( Clean , - log 0.1 ) ]
> ex5 = do
> day1 > record [ day1 ]
> emission1 > guard ( emission1 == Walk )
> day2 > record [ day2 ]
> emission2 > guard ( emission2 == Shop )
> day3 > record [ day3 ]
> emission3 > guard ( emission3 == Clean )
> day4 > record [ day4 ]
> ex6 = do
> day4 > day3 > day2 > day1 > do
> record [ day1 ]
> do
> emission1 > guard ( emission1 == Walk )
> transition day1
> do
> record [ day2 ]
> do
> emission2 > guard ( emission2 == Shop )
> transition day2
> do
> record [ day3 ]
> do
> emission3 > guard ( emission3 == Clean )
> transition day3
> record [ day4 ]
[ Sunny , Rainy , Rainy , Rainy ]
trace
Data .
Set
... or the ( freely generated module over the ( min , + ) - semiring ) - monad .
( But if I used that as a title you probably would n't be reading this . )
There 's a large class of optimisation problems that can be considered to be about graph searching .
This can include anything from finding the shortest distance between two cities , through finding the edit distance between two strings to finding the most plausible reconstruction of a signal corrupted by noise .
In each case there 's an obvious implementation of a solution in Haskell : use the list monad to generate all of the paths in the search space and then find the optimal path .
The problem with this is that generating all paths can result in combinatorial explosion with exponential running times .
So this post is about what I think is a novel monad to fix that problem .
It gives a simple DSL for specifying a wide range of optimisation problems with polynomial instead of exponential complexity .
In some cases it results in something close to the best published algorithm with little effort on the part of the user .
This is quite a neat and useful monad .
So if the following is hard going , skip to the examples first for some motivation .
I 'd hate people to miss out on something that turns out to be fairly easy to use once it 's set up .
Unfortunately , despite the expressiveness of Haskell making this possible , we have to fight Haskell on two fronts .
One is the old annoyance of Haskell not supporting restricted monads .
For a solution to that I 'll refer you to Eric Kidd who used an Oleg trick .
So let 's get the first one out of the way before talking about graphs .
Here 's a preamble that replaces the Prelude 's monad class with our own :
So here 's a graph with lengths marked on the edges : Suppose we want to find the shortest path from A to F in 3 hops .
Before solving that , consider a more general problem .
In the following graphsuppose we wish to find the shortest n- hop paths from A to the C .
No matter what complexity is in the cloud , each of the paths must travel through one of the B .
So we can solve the shortest paths problem by finding the shortest ( n - 1 ) - hop paths to the Band using : dist ( A , C ) = min( dist ( A , B ) + dHere 's the crucial point to notice :
If we consider dist ( A , B ) to be a vector whose indices are labelled by i , and dto be a matrix , then the above formula is an ordinary matrix multiplication except that instead of addition and multiplication we useand addition .
If you 've studied graph algorithms you 'll recognise this as the same multiplication that appears in the Floyd - Warshall algorithm .
If we extend the real numbers with infinity , then ( R∪∞ , , + ) forms a semiring .
( See Cormen , Leiserson & Rivest for some good discussion of semirings in this context . )
Just as you can form vector spaces over a field , you can form modules over this semiring .
And just as vector spaces form a monad , so do these modules .
But you do n't need to know much about semirings because the monad itself is a fairly straightforward object .
Here 's that infinity I was talking about : I have to admit , I enjoyed writing that line of code :-)
More importantly , Haskell does the right thing with infinities .
The monad is going to represent the length of a path to a graph vertex .
Here 's the definition : Ignore thepart for now , that 's going to serve as a place to make a log , like themonad .
We 'll need that when we want the actual shortest path , not just its length .
For now we 'll just use an empty list .
So suppose that at some stage in our computation we 've reached the node B with a shortest path of length 3 and node F with a shortest path of length 4 .
We represent this asSuppose we now consider what happens at the next step .
We can express the options from B withand those from F asTo combine these with the earlier computed paths we could replace B and F in u with v and w respectively to get :
We need to reduce this back down to ausing the matrix ' multiplication ' formula above to pick the appropriate shortest path each time .
But note the pattern : it 's the usualmonad pattern .
So we can write the substitution + reduction as an implementation of .
Here 's the implementation , along with some other monadic goodness : I 've also had to provide my own implementation ofis a convenience function so we do n't have to keep entering those empty lists .
So here 's that graph represented in terms of a function that describes transitions from vertex to vertex :
And here 's our first example .
We compute all of the shortest 3 - hop paths fromJust in case you think that 's the wrong result note that these are the shortest paths to each accessible vertex that are exactly 3 hops long .
If you want paths up to 3 hops long you have to add some zero length transitions from nodes to themselves .
I 'll leave that as a ( trivial ) exercise .
But suppose you just want the shortest path to .
Then you can use : Note how simple this code is .
We just write code to walk the graph .
All of the optimisation machinery is hidden in the background .
But there 's a dark secret here because the code is n't yet doing what a claim .
But before I admit what the problem is , let 's modify this code so we can actually see what the shortest paths are .is just likefrom themonad .
I 've implementedso that it does the right thing : Just for fun I made this example more complex .
It finds all four shortest paths from anywhere in { A , B} to anywhere in {E , F} .
As an exercise try modifying the above code so that it finds the one shortest path from { A , B} to {E , F} .
It 's also simple to modify it to deal with conditions like the traveller being at one of a particular set of nodes at a particular time .
It 's a DSL , you have considerable freedom to form whatever conditions you want .
And now it 's time to reveal the secret .
Although I wroteso that it reduces the list of considered paths at each stage the above code still has exponential complexity as you 'll rapidly discover as you increase the number of steps .
Consider the third monad law
If we evaluate the left hand side for this monad we get a reduction after applyingand then another after applying .
But we if we evaluate the right hand side we find that we get many small ( and useless ) reductions applied and then at the end a large reduction is applied .
We do n't get a big reduction at the intermediate step .
The result : exponential complexity because the code ends up exploring every possible path performing stupid trivial reductions at each step .
The monad law says we get the same result , but it does n't take the same time .
And here 's the really annoying thing : when you use do - notation in the usual way the Haskell compiler builds expressions like the slow right hand side .
Bummer !
But there 's an easy , if tedious , fix .
We have to use the third monad law as a rewrite rule to convert our code to the form on the left hand side .
Here 'srewritten :
Not as pretty is it ?
It 's still not too bad but it'd be nice to make this conversion automatic .
I 've a hunch this can be done using Haskell rules .
Anyone care to volunteer some help making this work ?
Anyway , I mentioned that lots of problems are in this class , some not obviously graph theoretical .
Here 's one : computing the edit distance between two strings : I think this is actually the dynamic programming algorithm in disguise ( and slightly reordered ) with some extra log time penalties because it 's using a binary tree ( from ) instead of arrays .
But I would n't stake my life on it .
Anyway , here 's one last example .
Rather than explain it I refer you to the nicely written Wikipedia on the Viterbi algorithm .
In fact , I decided to lift their example precisely .
And note that I 've ( 1 ) written the code twice , the second one is the one rewritten for speed , ( 2 ) used logarithms to convert the multiplications to additions and ( 3 ) ' unrolled ' the loop to make absolutely explicit what 's going on .
If I wrote Haskell code to work on general arrays like the Python code in the Wikipedia article , it'd be too short and you might miss it if you blinked ..
It 's the Viterbi algorithm for free .
Anyway , I have n't proved a thing above .
I think ( hope ? )
I 'm right about the polynomial complexity .
Certainly on paper it all works , but I 've always found it hard to reason about the complexity of Haskell code .
Unfortunately this code is all still slower than I 'd like .
I 've played withduring the development and everything seemed to run the way I expect ( at least after I discovered the third monad law problem ) .
I think that ultimately there 's a big overhead for piling up HOFs , and the lookups inprobably are n't helping .
Still , I do n't think that invalidates the mathematics behind the approach and I think that asymptotically the slowness is really a big constant and a bunch of logs and it 's still much better than combinatorial search .
I ought to see how ocaml fares .
BTW
There 's a deep connection between this monad and the quantum mechanics one .
I 've no time to write about that now , though see here Some acknowledgements : the strange but highly readable Wikipedia article motivated me to think about the Viterbi algorithm , and I became sure there was a monad lurking in the Python code .
I spent a month or so getting nowhere .
And then I spoke with Eric Kidd on the phone about probability monads .
He challenged me on something and in an attempt to formulate a response the whole of the above seemed to just crystallise .
Thanks for asking the right question Eric !
I think there might be a comonad for working backwards through the graph ...
Anyway , one last thing : please for the love of the FSM will someone put a clean way to implement restricted monads into their Haskell compiler .
There is so much neat stuff that could be implemented with it and I now officially consider Haskell broken without one .
Labels : haskell , monad
Bruce Charlton asks :
What is the worst designed everyday object ?
Bruce Charlton answers :
My vote would go to the standard , hard plastic , hinged CD case .
Its functionality is terrible at best , and it breaks way too easily ;
especially the hinge – upon which functionality depends .
And I have
hundreds of them !
That was my answer too .
I am also frustrated by the prevalence of non-sharp knives , although perhaps this is best for the children .
Do you all have other answers ?
Arnold Schwarzenegger , I guess you 're getting pretty sick of these petitions .
But that 's what I want to talk to you about .
I would just like to remind you that online petitions are hardly the best evidence on which to make legal decisions .
After all , if all public decision - making was handed over to people on the Internet , then Chuck Norris would be President .
No offence .
Thanks
New ink promises easy tattoo removal / Pigment could make it a cinch for those who change mind
You once adored Janie , but Laura is your honey now .
That dragon circling your arm wowed your college buddies , but the executives in the office are n't nearly as impressed .
Just as the number of Americans sporting tattoos has soared in the past decade , so has membership in another group : people who want their bodywork removed .
Only then do they come to know the truth -- that laser tattoo removal is painful , expensive and may not do the job completely .
Soon there may be a solution to the phenomenon of tattoo regret -- removable tattoo ink .
A company founded by doctors says it will begin selling such ink early next year .
The ink is applied just as with any tattoo , and will remain in place as long as desired .
But if the owner later decides that the artwork has to go , it can be removed fully and safely with a single laser treatment .
The founders of the New York company making the removable ink , Freedom - 2 LLC , say their goal is to help those who have come to regret permanently decorating their bodies .
But backers say the technology will not only simplify tattoo removal , it will create an expanded market for body art -- since consumers can be now assured that the tattoo will come off easily and without exorbitant cost .
" I think it will open a floodgate for people who want tattoos , " says Dr. Bruce Saal , a Los Gatos dermatologist who specializes in laser tattoo removal and has invested in the company .
" People will say , ' I want to do something a little wild .
Now that I know it 's not a lifelong commitment , I 'll do it . ' "
But others wonder if tattoo artists and their customers will spurn the new ink if it does n't meet their artistic needs .
Almost one - quarter of U.S. adults have at least one tattoo , according to a study of 500 Americans published September in the Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology .
Of those , 17 percent were considering removal , the survey found .
Many doctors who perform laser tattoo removal , however , say that as many as half of all people with tattoos eventually want them off .
" A very high majority of people would desire to have them removed if there was a simple and easy way , " Saal said .
Most conventional tattoos can be removed , but even a simple , small , one - color tattoo can require several laser treatments at a cost of around $ 1,000 .
Removals of large , multicolored tattoos can require more than a dozen laser treatments and cost $ 5,000 or more .
And no , laser tattoo removal is not covered by medical insurance .
Multiple treatments are needed to avoid skin damage from the laser .
During conventional tattoo removal , brief pulses of energy are aimed at the tattoo , heating skin cells and breaking up the ink particles .
Then the body 's natural ability to remove foreign particles clears away the ink fragments .
The top layer of skin , however , often bleeds slightly and forms scabs .
Because of the inflammation produced by the laser , only a small area of skin can be treated at one time .
There are other complications , too .
Doctors often do n't know which type of ink was used , at what depth the ink was applied and other factors that could help make removal easier , Saal said .
( He is a member of Freedom - 2's scientific advisory board . )
Scarring can occur if multiple treatments are needed , and some tattoos can't be completely removed .
Some people who have gotten tattoos in recent years may have assumed that laser tattoo removal would deftly deal with any regrets , says Dr. Tina Alster , director of the Washington Institute of Dermatologic Laser Surgery in Washington and who is not associated with Freedom - 2 .
But , she adds , they are often stunned to learn of the cost and time involved .
" They thought it would be as easy to take off as to put on -- in just one session , " she said .
" But now with this new dye and polymer , we will be able to remove it in one session . "
Freedom - 2's ink is removable because it is encapsulated in tiny beads made of polymethylmethacrylate , a synthetic material commonly used in surgical glue and in many types of artificial joints .
The fact that the ink is encased in the tiny spheres does n't affect the application of the tattoo or its appearance , says Martin Schmieg , chief executive of Freedom - 2 .
" Our inks look and feel and give a result equal to the current tattoos , " he says .
Because of the way the beads are constructed , they fall apart when laser energy is applied , Schmieg said .
Unpublished tests on humans and animals show that only one laser treatment is typically needed to fully remove a Freedom - 2 tattoo and that most Q - switched lasers that doctors use for tattoo removal can be used for the job .
A one - time laser treatment to remove a tattoo should cost less than $ 1,000 , Schmieg predicts .
The new ink will be slightly more expensive than conventional ink but will likely add only about $ 50 to the cost of most tattoos , Schmieg says , because most of the cost related to tattooing is for the artist 's time and talent .
The company will sell only black ink initially but will eventually add other colors .
It is also developing a " time - limited tattoo , " which will consist of ink in biodegradable polymer beads that dissolve and fade over time .
But tattoo artists may prove lukewarm to the idea of removable artwork .
According to Dr. Stuart Kaplan , a dermatologist in Beverly Hills who does laser tattoo removal and is n't associated with Freedom - 2 , tattoo artists are picky about the colors of their inks .
They care about whether they blend well and are durable .
An inferior or expensive ink wo n't fly .
Tattoo artists are also unlikely to be swayed by the convenient removal factor because as a rule , they do n't think about tattoo removal , says Sailor Bill Johnson , executive director of the Orlando , Fla. - based Alliance of Professional Tattooists .
" That 's not our concern , " he says .
" If someone comes into my tattoo studio and says , ' I may want to remove it later , ' we 'd just try to talk them out of getting one . "
Johnson says part of the experience of tattooing is the commitment .
When someone has " Sophia Forever " inked on his biceps , the sentiment is that Sophia is permanent , just like the tattoo .
Besides , says Johnson , " You make that decision in your life that you are going to put this artwork on your body .
It 's a statement that you do n't worry about what other people think of you . "
Johnson says he wo n't use the ink .
" To me , it 's a negative to the profession . "
But Chris Winn , a San Diego tattoo artist , says he was instantly intrigued when he heard about the ink at a tattoo convention .
" I think it will be interesting to see the different ways this can bring in clients , " he said .
" I think it will bring in a group of people who love tattoos but are afraid to get them . "
It says 270 death sentences have been handed down and more than 100 carried out , including that of Saddam Hussein , his half - brother Barzan , and the former vice - president , Taha Yassin Ramadan .
Against a background of escalating violence , at least 65 people were executed in 2006 - including two women - putting the country behind only China , Iran and Pakistan .
In many cases death sentences were handed down after proceedings which failed to meet international standards , the human rights organisation says .
" This represents a profoundly retrograde step , and one that should not be overlooked simply because far larger numbers of lives have been lost due to ongoing violence .
The death penalty is a cruel , inhuman and degrading punishment and the ultimate violation to the right to life ; furthermore , it is not an effective deterrent against violence and crime , as the continuing crisis in Iraq underlines , " Amnesty says .
Until recently , people believed that the ability to orientate themselves by the Earth 's magnetic field was restricted to migratory birds .
Now ornithologists at Frankfurt University have discovered that domestic chickens also have a built - in compass .
It is clear that a magnetic sense of direction developed at an early stage of evolution .
The Earth 's magnetic field was presumably used by the ancestors of today 's birds as an aid to finding their way about their environment .
40 years ago , Prof. Dr. Wolfgang Wiltschko was the first to prove that migrating robins use the Earth 's magnetic field to direct themselves during migration .
Their magnetic sensor showed them the course of the field lines of the Earth 's magnetic field .
This produces an inclination compass that reacts to the inclination of the Earth 's magnetic field to the surface of the Earth , thus distinguishing between " pole - wards " ( the side on which the field lines incline downwards ) and " equator - wards " ( the side on which they incline upwards ) .
The inbuilt compass is additionally finely tuned to the field strength of the Earth 's local magnetic field , but can also be flexibly adapted to other field strengths that the birds encounter in the course of migration .
Since that time a compass of this kind has been found in more than 20 species of birds , the majority of them being those songbirds that undertake annual migration .
An international working group under the direction of Wolfgang und Roswitha Wiltschko of Frankfurt University has now succeeded in demonstrating the presence of a magnetic sense of direction in domestic chickens as well .
For this purpose , newly hatched chicks were imprinted on a red ball which they from then on regarded as their ' mother ' .
The researchers then hid the ball behind one of four screens , and taught the chickens by intensive training that the mother was always behind the screen that was in the northerly direction .
To demonstrate that the chicken senses this compass point by means of its magnetic sense of direction , the researchers set up an artificial magnetic field in an easterly direction -- and the chickens did actually seek their mother behind the screen that lay to the east .
Further experiments showed that the chickens ' magnetic sensor functions very similarly to that of the robin .
It also reacts to the inclination and the local field strength of the Earth 's magnetic field .
The magnetic sensor is probably situated in the eye , since the birds need short - wave light ( such as blue light ) to orientate themselves .
In long - wave light above the yellow level this ability is lost in all the birds that have so far been tested .
From these similarities the research group has deduced that a magnetic sense of direction could be an ability common to all birds .
Since one has to go back very far in evolutionary history to find a common ancestor for chickens and robins , this ability must have developed before the birds began to migrate .
Accordingly it seems that the magnetic sense of direction was already used by primitive bird - forms to move efficiently in their environment between their nests , sleeping places , and sources of food and water .
Reference : W. Wiltschko et al. ( 2007 ) : The magnetic compass of domestic chickens , Gallus gallus .
Journal of Experimental Biology 210 , 2300 - 2310 .
Olbermann slams Bush after Hillary blamed for losing Iraq David Edwards and Josh Catone
Published : Thursday July 19 , 2007 Print This Email This Enjoy this story ?
Get headlines instantly with RSS .
MSNBC's Keith Olbermann began tonight 's Countdown program with a special comment .
The unusual move to open his show with the comment , which is almost always reserved for the closing of the program , added gravity to his words .
" It is one of the great , dark , evil lessons of history , " begins Olbermann , " that a country , a government , a military machine can screw up a war seven ways to Sunday ; it can get thousands of its people killed ; it can risk the safety of its own citizens ; it can destroy the fabric of its nation ; but as long as it can identify a scapegoat , it can regain , or even gain , power . "
The Bush administration , says Olbermann , has found its scapegoat for Iraq in presidential candidate Sen. Hillary Clinton ( D - NY ) .
Olbermann referred to a letter Pentagon number two Eric Edelman sent to Clinton admonishing her for calling for a withdrawal in Iraq .
" Premature and public discussion of the withdrawal of U.S. forces from Iraq reinforces enemy propaganda that the United States will abandon its allies in Iraq , " wrote Edelman , " much as we are perceived to have done in Vietnam , Lebanon and Somalia . "
A spokesman for Clinton called Edelman 's letter " outrageous and dangerous , " which Olbermann feels " may actually understate the risk the Edelman letter poses to our way of life . "
By choosing Hillary Clinton as his scapegoat , says Olbermann , Bush has consigned himself to " that remarkably small group of Americans whom Americans can not forgive .
Those who have sold this country out , and who have willingly declared their enmity to the people , at whose pleasure they supposedly serve . "
" A scapegoat , sir , might be forgivable , " Olbermann continued , addressing President Bush , " if you had not just happened to choose a prospective presidential nominee from the opposition party . "
Olbermann concludes that the Bush contention that withdrawal is abandonment is fallacious and that everyone already knows that the US is leaving Iraq , even if it means impeaching the president to do it .
The following video is from MSNBC's Countdown , broadcast on July 19 .
Although today was technically supposed to be only Classics , I could n't resist not sharing this fun submission from Kevin Cazabon
" Having moved overseas to Belgium a few years ago , from time to time I 'm reminded that good , effective icon design is an artform best left to the true professionals .
This is especially true when you consider that your software may be used across the world , and what may seem like common sense to you may befuddle a Belgian ... or the other way around .
" Although the below image is not a computer icon , I think it illustrates the point rather clearly .
Either I missed out on a lot as a kid , or the playgrounds here in Belgium are a LOT more fun than the ones back home .
This is a picture that I took personally of an actual playground sign in a small suburb outside of Brussels .
The Facebook rate cards have been leaked from a Facebook insider , directly addressing the myth that Facebook has continually perpetrated , indicating that a rate card never existed to begin with .
Now the evidence indicates otherwise , and people are speculating in a more narrow sense about the financial wheels that are spinning in regards to how much Facebook generates on a yearly basis .
That has of course spilled over to the overall valuation of Facebook as well .
Are the numbers right on ?
The leaked rate cards have presented some rather flat rates for things like sponsored groups , which will cost you $ 50,000 with a three month required commitment .
It 's important to note that the leaked Facebook rate cards are from February , which is more than old — it 's pre-application days .
Regardless of the facts versus the myths that continue to circle around Facebook , it 's going to cost you a lot of money to have a momentous ad campaign on Facebook .
[ via ]
By Jonathan Fildes
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
Plugs and wires could soon become a thing of the past
US researchers have outlined a relatively simple system that could deliver power to devices such as laptop computers or MP3 players without wires .
The concept exploits century - old physics and could work over distances of many metres , the researchers said .
Although the team has not built and tested a system , computer models and mathematics suggest it will work .
" There are so many autonomous devices such as cell phones and laptops that have emerged in the last few years , " said Assistant Professor Marin Soljacic from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and one of the researchers behind the work .
" We started thinking , ' it would be really convenient if you did n't have to recharge these things ' .
" And because we 're physicists we asked , ' what kind of physical phenomenon can we use to do this wireless energy transfer ? '. "
The answer the team came up with was " resonance " , a phenomenon that causes an object to vibrate when energy of a certain frequency is applied .
This would work in a room let 's say but you could adapt it to work in a factory
Marin Soljacic
" When you have two resonant objects of the same frequency they tend to couple very strongly , " Professor Soljacic told the BBC News website .
Resonance can be seen in musical instruments for example .
" When you play a tune on one , then another instrument with the same acoustic resonance will pick up that tune , it will visibly vibrate , " he said .
Instead of using acoustic vibrations , the team 's system exploits the resonance of electromagnetic waves .
Electromagnetic radiation includes radio waves , infrared and X - rays .
Typically , systems that use electromagnetic radiation , such as radio antennas , are not suitable for the efficient transfer of energy because they scatter energy in all directions , wasting large amounts of it into free space .
To overcome this problem , the team investigated a special class of " non-radiative " objects with so - called " long - lived resonances " .
When energy is applied to these objects it remains bound to them , rather than escaping to space .
" Tails " of energy , which can be many metres long , flicker over the surface .
" If you bring another resonant object with the same frequency close enough to these tails then it turns out that the energy can tunnel from one object to another , " said Professor Soljacic .
Wireless energy transfer has been thought about for centuries
Hence , a simple copper antenna designed to have long - lived resonance could transfer energy to a laptop with its own antenna resonating at the same frequency .
The computer would be truly wireless .
Any energy not diverted into a gadget or appliance is simply reabsorbed .
The systems that the team have described would be able to transfer energy over three to five metres .
" This would work in a room let 's say but you could adapt it to work in a factory , " he said .
" You could also scale it down to the microscopic or nanoscopic world . "
Old technology
The team from MIT is not the first group to suggest wireless energy transfer .
Nineteenth - century physicist and engineer Nikola Tesla experimented with long - range wireless energy transfer , but his most ambitious attempt - the 29 m high aerial known as Wardenclyffe Tower , in New York - failed when he ran out of money .
Others have worked on highly directional mechanisms of energy transfer such as lasers .
However , these require an uninterrupted line of sight , and are therefore not good for powering objects around the home .
A UK company called Splashpower has also designed wireless recharging pads onto which gadget lovers can directly place their phones and MP3 players to recharge them .
The pads use electromagnetic induction to charge devices , the same process used to charge electric toothbrushes .
One of the co-founders of Splashpower , James Hay , said the MIT work was " clearly at an early stage " but " interesting for the future " .
" Consumers desire a simple universal solution that frees them from the hassles of plug - in chargers and adaptors , " he said .
" Wireless power technology has the potential to deliver on all of these needs . "
However , Mr Hay said that transferring the power was only part of the solution .
" There are a number of other aspects that need to be addressed to ensure efficient conversion of power to a form useful to input to devices . "
Professor Soljacic will present the work at the American Institute of Physics Industrial Physics Forum in San Francisco on 14 November .
The work was done in collaboration with his colleagues Aristeidis Karalis and John Joannopoulos .
Keith Henson is an engineer , scientist , and Scientology critic .
In 2000 , he was moved to picket Scientology 's armed compound at Gilman Hot Springs , just north of Hemet , California .
A young woman returning from Bible class with her sister hit a skiploader sticking out on highway 79 .
The crew was working for the Scientology organization , left their vehicle sticking out on the dark highway , and Ashlee Shaner was decapitated in the resultant collision .
Mr. Henson wished to call attention to that incident , and did so by launching a series of legal pickets on that public highway that bisects the cult 's compound .
What followed was an utter travesty of justice .
Mr. Henson has a history of teaching pyrotechnic safety .
In a book published in the ' 70s , ' The Great Mambo Chicken and the Transhuman Condition , ' he described how he and friends would go out into the desert and " blow things up " for fun .
And finally , the most absurd , he responded to a post on the Usenet group alt.religion .
scientology that joked about sending in " Tom Cruise Missiles " with the cult compound as Ground Zero .
Responded .
The post did not originate from Keith .
But this is the fodder Scientology lawyers had to work with .
In 2001 , Mr. Henson was arrested and charged with numerous counts ; terrorist threats , stalking , harassing Scientologists at the compound .
In reality , all he did was walk on the highway shoulder carrying a sign with words on it .
Scientologists took the stand in court , weeping about how terrified they were of this lone man with a picket sign .
Mr. Henson , on the other hand , was not permitted to have a defence .
The court featured a judge hand - picked by the cult .
Scientology was not allowed to be mentioned , and Mr. Henson 's witnesses , of whom I was one , were not permitted to give testimony .
One of Mr. Henson 's witnesses was Frank Oliver , a man who used to work for Scientology 's Office of Special Affairs .
OSA is the intel and dirty tricks department of the church .
Mr. Oliver 's testimony was discarded as being " too old , " yet passages from ' The Great Mambo Chicken " were admitted .
Mr. Henson was finally convicted of a misdemeanor charge , " interfering with a religion , " and sentenced to nearly a year in the Riverside County jail .
Following his sentencing , a cult representative told him that Scientology has such a presence and influence there , he would not survive his sentence .
Mr. Henson chose to relocate to Canada and attempted to gain citizenship .
The cult pursued him there , their lies about Mr. Henson causing a dangerous confrontation in a shopping mall parking lot with amped - up SWAT officers in an armed encounter that still gives his companion nightmares .
He returned to the states , where he was recently picked up in Arizona , and is now awaiting extradition to Riverside County for a misdemeanor .
This is extremely rare , and a waste of public money .
In a time where overcrowding in Riverside County jail has resulted in the early release of inmates , the county has gone all out to retrieve this 64 year old engineer .
His progress through the court system has been marred by " errors . "
Documents were n't sent .
Documents have been sent to people not involved in the case , rather than his lawyer .
A ' failure to appear ' warrant , signed by the judge who later presided over his case , was issued in 2000 , a year before his court case even began .
Mr. Henson 's case is well documented here :
http://www.operatingthetan.com
Here , one can read court documents , transcripts , and personal accounts .
If you have any doubts that this case stinks of Scientology involvement , this site will put those doubts to rest .
When Mr. Henson first arrived at the Prescott , Arizona jail , staff and officers were already reading printouts from Scientology hate site , religiousfreedomwatch.org .
http://religiousfreedomwatch.org/...
This website purports to champion religious rights , yet curiously , only attacks critics of Scientology .
Indeed , it is run by Scientologist Joel Phillips , who refuses to discuss his site .
Currently , Mr. Henson is being held in Arizona , awaiting extradition to California .
His lawyer is unable to communicate with him , his wife has n't been able to visit him , and he is being denied the medication he needs to control his blood pressure and heart problems .
In the meantime , Scientologists posting anonymously through remailers to hide their identities have suggested that the rumor is being spread in Riverside that Mr. Henson is a pedophile .
Here is an example from " Cyberiade , " a particularly nasty piece of work , " So , Keith .
How 's the food in jail ?
I hear you are being kept alone because you are considered to be a pedophile .
Next stop for you is Riverside CA .
See you there ! :) "
Some of the lies being spread are that Keith has made terrorist threats ( he has n't ) that he stalked and intimidated individual Scientologists , ( he did n't ) and that he is a child molester .
This lovely piece of garbage was the result of an unpleasant divorce , the lie coming from his ex-wife , who later admitted it was n't true in a written statement that Scientology conveniently overlooks .
It is obvious that , should Keith be incarcerated in Riverside County , there is a good chance the cult will make good on its promise to see that he does n't survive the experience .
Withholding vital medications , rumors of pedophilia , denying him the right to attorney and wife are all indications that something ain't right !
It should be noted that the cult compound in Riverside County is the seat of Scientology power in California .
The current head of the cult resides there , and it is home to Golden Era Studios , from whence those exploding volcano infomercials you see on late night cable are produced .
Keith 's wife and friends are very concerned , and rightly so , about his plight .
Curiously , nobody can seem to get the attention this case so rightly deserves .
It needs scrutiny , as every step has involved lies , perjury , and insinuation that surely has no place in a fair , balanced judicial system .
California 's current Attorney General used to belong to the L5 Society , a forward - looking group dedicated to promoting the idea of space colonies and related technology .
Keith Henson was one of the founders .
There is a very real urgency to resolve this before something tragic happens .
Keep in mind , all Mr. Henson did was exercise his Constitutional right to free speech by picketing a Scientology compound with a piece of cardboard with words on it .
Words like , " Scientology Kills . "
I was carrying that sign on the very day that the daughter of a cult lawyer , Stacy Moxon , was sent down into a transformer vault at the Gilman Hot Springs compound and electrocuted .
Ken Hoden , who later lied on the stand at Keith 's trial , came out and invited my friend and I to breakfast in town as an effort to clear us away before any media arrived .
This Saturday , Keith 's wife Arel will be a guest on the Vince Daniels radio program , broadcast from Riverside County .
There is a webfeed available at vincedaniels.com
Scientology clearly has undue influence on the Riverside court system .
This case needs to be investigated immediately , before anything " happens " to Mr. Henson .
We are all very , very concerned for his safety and well - being in a prison system where Scientology 's Criminon front group has a presence .
{edit} Paris Hilton got her sentenced reduced , poor little flower .
Fans set up a petition which received some attention .
Please sign the following petition to free Keith Henson !
http://www.ipetitions.com/...
import Control .
Monad
powerset :: [ a ] -> [ [ a ] ]
powerset = filterM ( const [ True , False ] )
powerset [ 1,2,3 ]
[ [ 1,2,3 ] , [ 1,2 ] , [ 1,3 ] , [ 1 ] , [ 2,3 ] , [ 2 ] , [ 3 ] , [ ] ]
filterM
Monad m => ( a -> m Bool ) -> [ a ] -> m [ a ]
Beautiful Haskell implementation of math 's " power set " : AndproducesOh man is that hard for me to grok , mostly because I have n't internalized the list monad .
( It helped me to write out the definition of , which has type . )
But roughly , it 's saying " for each assignment of true and false over the values of the list , grab the true values " .
[ via Adam Langley via a private mailing list ]
VRINDAVAN , India ( CNN ) --
Ostracized by society , thousands of India 's widows flock to the holy city of Vrindavan waiting to die .
They are found on side streets , hunched over with walking canes , their heads shaved and their pain etched by hundreds of deep wrinkles in their faces .
A widow makes her way in Vrindavan , India , where an estimated 15,000 widows live on the streets .
more photos »
These Hindu widows , the poorest of the poor , are shunned from society when their husbands die , not for religious reasons , but because of tradition -- and because they 're seen as a financial drain on their families .
They can not remarry .
They must not wear jewelry .
They are forced to shave their heads and typically wear white .
Even their shadows are considered bad luck .
Hindus have long believed that death in Vrindavan will free them from the cycle of life and death .
For widows , they hope death will save them from being condemned to such a life again .
Watch how some widows are rebelling »
" Does it feel good ? " says 70 - year - old Rada Rani Biswas .
" Now I have to loiter just for a bite to eat . "
Biswas speaks with a strong voice , but her spirit is broken .
When her husband of 50 years died , she was instantly ostracized by all those she thought loved her , including her son .
" My son tells me : ' You have grown old .
Now who is going to feed you ?
Go away , ' " she says , her eyes filling with tears .
" What do I do ?
My pain had no limit . "
As she speaks , she squats in front of one of Vrindavan 's temples , her life reduced to begging for scraps of food .
There are an estimated 40 million widows in India , the least fortunate of them shunned and stripped of the life they lived when they were married .
It 's believed that 15,000 widows live on the streets of Vrindavan , a city of about 55,000 in northern India .
" Widows do n't have many social rights within the family , " says Ranjana Kumari with the Center for Social Research , a group that works to empower women .
The situation is much more extreme within some of India 's rural community .
" There , it is much more tradition - bound ; in urban areas , there are more chances and possibilities to live a normal life . "
But the majority of India 's 1.1 billion population is rural .
" The government recognizes the problem , " Kumari says .
" It can do a lot , but it 's not doing enough . "
One woman , a widow herself , is working for change .
Dr. Mohini Giri has formed an organization called the Guild of Service , which helps destitute women and children .
Giri 's mother was widowed when Giri was 9 years old , and she saw what a struggle it was .
Then , Giri lost her husband when she was 50 , enduring the social humiliation that comes with being a widow .
At times , she was asked not to attend weddings because her presence was considered bad luck .
" Generally all widows are ostracized , " she says .
" An educated woman may have money and independence , but even that is snatched away when she becomes a widow .
We live in a patriarchal society .
Men say that culturally as a widow you cannot do anything :
You cannot grow your hair , you should not look beautiful . "
She adds , " It 's the mind - set of society we need to change -- not the women . "
Seven years ago , Giri 's organization set up a refuge called Amar Bari , or " My Home , " in Vrindavan .
It has become a refuge for about 120 of India 's widows .
Giri 's organization is set to open a second home , one that will house another 500 widows .
But as she says , " Mine is but a drop in the bucket . "
At Amar Bari , most widows reject traditional white outfits and grow out their hair .
Along the open air corridors that link the house 's courtyard are green wooden doors , leading to dark tiny rooms , home for each widow .
See the widows of Vrindavan »
Bent over by osteoporosis , 85 - year - old Promita Das meticulously and slowly sweeps the floor just outside her door and then carefully cleans her dishes .
" I came here when I could n't work anymore .
I used to clean houses , " she says .
" Nobody looked after me , nobody loved me .
I survived on my own . "
She married at 12 and was widowed at 15 .
Seventy years later , she finds herself at Amar Bari .
" I used to live in front of a temple , but then I came here , " she says .
She carries with her not only the pain of a life without love , but also the loss of her only child .
She gave birth at 14 ; her baby lived a year .
Another widow , Ranu Mukherjee , wearing a bright red-patterned sari , shows off her room at the home and wants to sing for her guests .
The lyrics of her song are about a lost traveler .
" When did you come here after losing your way ? " she sings .
" When I remember the days gone by I feel sad . "
E-mail to a friend
All About Hinduism • India
For some odd reason , the 2nd most popular request for articles to write that I get come from 20 something males regarding the subject of dating and getting over breakups .
On that note , I wanted to write an article that will hopefully put a stop to these flow of requests – and it ’s not that I do n’t like getting those emails , it ’s just that I find myself saying the same thing over and over again so I hope this article will put an end to those types of questions .
I ’m going to describe a typical scenario that I ’m sure most guys can relate to .
If you find that you do n’t , you may know somebody who will .
Boy meets girl .
Boy falls head over heels in love with girl .
Boy spends every waking minute with girl .
Boy forsakes his friends , family , dreams for girl .
Girl dumps boy .
Boy ’s heart is broken in half .
Probably one of the most vulnerable points in any man ’s life ( or woman ’s for that matter ) , is when they are dumped .
And nobody likes to get dumped .
Nobody .
It hurts .
And it hurts pretty bad .
Everybody takes it personally as a sign of rejection of who they are as a person and what they ’re all about .
Then comes the playing of sad love songs , reminiscing about the girl , thinking about her all the time , wanting to get back together , depression , no appetite – the whole works .
Everybody deals with rejection in their own way but whatever the recovery process is for that person , it ’s very painful to see it from the outside .
What will most likely happen next is that he will get over it , but will repeat the same process again with another woman , and another , and another until this realization finally hits him .
That the problem does not lie with the women ; it lies with him .
And it ’s a bitter pill to swallow .
Specifically , he is placing his happiness and self worth , in effect his world so to speak , onto the girl and the relationship .
He is not happy unless he has the girl and the relationship .
He is hoping the girl and the relationship will solve his problems .
You take that away and he becomes a mess .
But you ca n’t blame guys for thinking like that because a relationship does bring happiness and good times .
It ’s a good thing and I ’m certainly not advocating one to become a monk and abstain from women .
What I am advocating here is to become happy , to create your own world independent of the woman and of the relationship , in short to not need it as much .
Why ?
Because women can smell needy guys and desperation a mile away and more often than not , guys will cling to a woman like a life preserver reeking of neediness and desperation , as she has become their entire life , leaving behind anything else and it ’s because of this neediness and desperation that women dump men like a sack of potatoes .
What the great thing about getting dumped is that it ’s probably one of the few ways that will bring about this crucial realization upon a man .
That women and relationships will not solve his life .
That he must solve his own life first .
That he must solve his own problems , to get his own act together , and that no woman or relationship can do it for him .
And once he realizes this , it will cause him to strive to become more than he ever was .
He will solve his problems , pursue his dreams , become the best man he can possibly be , strengthen the bonds between his friends and himself and his family , in short , he will get his life in order FIRST .
He will have effectively created his own world , one that he is happy living in , independent of women .
And the catalyst for this change in his life usually comes from the “ I ’ll show her what she ’s missing out on ” anger caused by the dumping , and while that ’s great fuel to start with , it wo n’t last .
What will happen next is that all that anger will morph into gratitude .
As they see the life they envision in their mind becoming a reality before them , they become grateful for the breakup , grateful that she had broken his heart because if it were not for her , he would not have been so motivated to initiate such great change in his life .
When he does all this , women and relationships will take care of themselves .
He will find women that will fit into the world he has created and they will flock toward him .
I ’ve seen this happen so many times .
A guy who thinks he has found the love of his life gets dumped and he gets super depressed but afterwards , realizes the problem was with him the entire time , that he was relying on the woman and the relationship to create a world of happiness , so instead , he works on himself and he gets his life in order and when he does , the ex always comes back , realizing what she has missed out on , not to mention a flock of other women .
So the focus should be not on the woman and the relationship so much as on yourself , to be the best person you can be , to invest in yourself and to not place your happiness and your world onto the woman and the relationship .
To become more than you were before and to begin focusing on creating your own world , on improving your own life because when you do that , you start to naturally exhibit all the qualities that women desire – confidence , purpose , drive , ambition , etc .
Other guys will create their world based on the women and the relationship , and when the woman is gone , so is their world and they will have nothing to hold onto .
It ’s important to focus on becoming the best person you can be and creating the life you want to live because by doing so , you will find a woman that will fit into your world naturally .
So let ’s say for example , your passion lies in building houses for homeless people .
You volunteer to work on projects not because you hope you will meet women there , but because that ’s what you love to do .
And as you start volunteering at these places , you will find someone who shares the same values as yourself , someone who can easily fit into your world and can easily share it with .
It will all come about naturally as a result of you creating your ideal world and living in it .
What you ’ll find is that most people will feel as if they ’ve dodged a bullet after they got dumped because had they continued on with that relationship , they would never be at where they are today .
A man is usually at rock bottom from getting dumped , but the greatest thing about that is it gives him an opportunity to change his life .
It ’s a great wake up call – to become more than you were before , to follow your dreams , and to create the world that you wish to live in , and to share it with the woman of your dreams .
FRANKFURT , July 28 — Wal - Mart Stores , admitting defeat in Germany ’s giant , cutthroat retail market , said today that it would sell its 85 stores here to a German retailer , the Metro Group , and incur a loss of $ 1 billion .
The decision to sell out came two months after Wal - Mart sold its stores in South Korea , and amounts to a rare retreat by the world ’s largest retailer from its breakneck global expansion .
In Germany , analysts say , Wal - Mart never got traction in a market that is characterized by unrelenting price competition , well - established discounters , and the cultural resistance of German shoppers to hypermarkets , which sell fresh vegetables a few aisles away from lawn mowers .
“ They walked into a triple - witching hour in Germany , ” said James Bacos , the director of the retail and consumer goods practice at Mercer Management Consulting in Munich .
“ They got into Germany at a time when the whole market was shifting away from their model . ”
Will there be a truce in the battle over college - textbook prices ?
Textbooks have become a flash point in the larger frustration over sharply rising college costs .
In an attempt to get past finger - pointing , a new report highlights what publishers , policymakers , and faculty are doing , and can do , to give students some relief .
" Turn the Page : Making College Textbooks More Affordable " is the culmination of a yearlong study by the federal Advisory Committee on Student Financial Assistance , commissioned by members of Congress on both sides of the aisle .
( The full report is available at www.ed.gov/acsfa.)
Between 1987 and 2004 , college - textbook prices have more than doubled ; at four - year public colleges , for instance , they rose 109 percent .
That significantly outpaced the 65 percent growth in the overall Consumer Price Index , the report notes .
But it also puts the prices in a broader context :
As a percentage of family income , they 've risen only slightly .
Still , with textbooks costing an estimated $ 700 to $ 1,000 per year , many see that cost as an obstacle , particularly for low - income students .
Books represent a little more than 2 percent of their income .
At some community colleges , the bill at the bookstore is almost as high as tuition , the report says , and gaps in financial aid distribution leave some students short of money when it 's time to buy course materials .
" I 've had to drop classes because I can't afford the book – it's really frustrating , " says Amber Vaillancourt , a student at the University of Massachusetts , Amherst .
Next semester she 'll be chairing the affordable - books campaign for her chapter of MASSPIRG , a student - led research and advocacy group based in Boston .
She opted not to buy some of the books for her classes last semester to keep her bill down to $ 250 , but she found it difficult to access a reserve book at the library for an anthropology course because there was only one copy for a class of 300 .
Student activists around the country have organized book swaps on campus and online and have lobbied faculty and legislatures about cost - saving measures .
They 've also protested publishers that bundle textbooks , software , and other materials – sometimes by sending back the extras they find unnecessary .
When books are bundled with digital materials , it 's because professors request them , counters Bruce Hildebrand , executive director for higher education at the Association of American Publishers in Washington .
An economics book might come with a database tool , for instance .
" The faculty is being pounded to educate students for the 21st century ... but those tools are n't free . "
More than 100 bills have been proposed in 34 states in the past three years to address textbook affordability .
Proposals include cutting sales taxes on textbooks , creating incentives to promote book rental programs , increasing grant aid to cover books for low - income students , and requiring publishers and professors to be more transparent about textbook options and costs .
Laws have passed in such states as Connecticut , California , and Virginia .
Professors ' choices " depend on the quality of what 's out there in a particular field ....
If they have options that they see as equally good , they 're very good about being cost - conscious , " says Nicole Byrd , government relations associate for the American Association of University Professors ( AAUP ) in Washington .
Colleges and publishers have started to use technology to offer cheaper options to students .
Electronic books cost about half as much as their printed counterparts , for instance .
And OER ( open education resources ) websites offer free course material .
Many of the fixes currently being tried can be helpful in the short term , but the problem of rising prices will persist unless there 's a fundamental shift to " a demand - driven ... student - centric market , " the report warns .
To that end , the advisory committee , which makes recommendations to the US Department of Education , proposes the creation of a " national digital marketplace " of instruction materials .
Accessible online , it would be an infrastructure where professors could choose both fee - based and free components from various publishers to best suit their classes , students could order printed materials or access digital information through Web portals customized by their colleges , and content providers could more efficiently market their materials .
Persuading stakeholders to make the investment to set up such a system would be a challenge , but initial reactions indicate open - mindedness .
" If a system helps with marketing and improves transparency , that could be helpful , " says Mr. Hildebrand , the publishing spokesman .
But he questions , " Who will build and pay for such a system ? " and " How do you organize that massive database ? "
Moving toward electronic access makes sense , says Ms. Byrd of the AAUP , but such a plan requires sensitivity to " guarding intellectual property . "
The proposed marketplace strikes student advocates as good for the bottom line .
" A faculty member could go in and compare .
We think that will create downward price pressure , " says Saffron Zomer , program director for MASSPIRG .
And until Quebec introduced government health care and a highway provided a quick link to Canadian hospitals , most people in Stanstead were born in Vermont .
That has left much of the town ’s middle - aged or older population , including three of Mr. Yates ’s four children , dual citizens .
Even those opposed to blocking the three streets with planters or gates agree that it would have little practical effect on residents of either town .
There are three official crossings between Stanstead and the United States staffed with border officials from both countries .
In recent years , local residents have learned that not reporting to one of them after using an unguarded crossing can prompt a swift and sometimes unpleasant visit from the police or border officials .
Unguarded crossings , like one on Church Street , are monitored by security cameras perched atop light poles .
Recently painted marks to guide coming construction work suggest that vehicle sensors lie under the pavement .
But after looking at Stanstead , the Integrated Border Enforcement Team for the region , a group of Canadian and American law enforcement and border agencies , concluded that the equivalent of an invisible dog fence was not sufficient .
“ The main problem is illegal immigrants , ” said Cpl. Elaine Lavergne of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police , who was among the officials at an open meeting at the Haskell Library in June .
She acknowledged that the 100 or so people who attended did not warm to the idea of blocking the streets .
“ Of course they were vocal and concerned about what we want , ” Corporal Lavergne said from her office in Montreal .
“ They ’re proud of their history .
But because of what happened on Sept. 11 , 2001 , we can not do nothing .
We have to react when there ’s a threat . ”
Building a MAME console inside a TARDIS
Introduction
How to put a MAME console inside a TARDIS ?
Yes , that 's a question all right .
Should be easy right , what with the TARDIS being bigger on the inside than the outside .
Grrrrr !
If I were to wring the neck of everyone who mentions that ( and believe me after hearing it for the umpteenth time you do feel that way inclined ) we'd have a body count approaching that of your average Charles Bronson film ( by the way Charles Bronson would kick Chuck Norris ' arse ) .
It turns out it is n't so easy .
And if you follow this through ( it is a long and rambling I 'm afraid ) you 'll see why .
The story is in two parts since the TARDIS and the MAME Console were constructed as two separate projects and combined at the end .
I made the TARDIS first then designed the Console to fit inside it .
First though I should probably explain why this all came about .
Part One - The TARDIS
To go on to Part Two - The Console click here .
It all started with Linux
Linux , what the hell is that all about ?
It all started with a spare computer I had .
A freebie from my days working at Intel where they decided it would be a good idea to give all their employees a free computer .
Who was I to complain ?
After it had long been relegated to the role of spare PC I decided to install Linux on it .
Mainly because I had just bought a new Linux based Nokia hand held and also on the insistence of a friend because he , as most Linux geeks do , told me I should be running Linux instead of Windows .
I think it 's because Linux geeks are computer masochists and they want us all to suffer .
All that ls - al and rm - rf * bollocks .
Who knows what 's that 's about ?
Anyway , Linux did n't last long ( not after that last command anyway it would n't ) and I soon had Win2 k back on the box .
I needed something useful for it to do however and it was then I discovered MAME .
M.A.M.E Multiple Arcade Machine Emulator
For those of you who do n't know what MAME is I shall explain .
MAME is a piece of software you run on a PC that lets you run and play thousands of old arcade games .
It works by emulating the hardware necessary to run the original game ROM files .
So the games are n't a simulation of the originals .
They ARE the originals .
The aim of the MAME development team is to ensure the old games are n't lost as the hardware becomes more rare .
Note that their purpose is to preserve these items of electronic history as exactly as possible .
They are n't trying to make every game playable on your regular home PC .
The fact that most games are playable is just a nice side effect for people who love the classics .
This is explained on the MAME homepage in the FAQ .
To run MAME you do n't need the latest , fastest machine possible ( although a better spec machine will work better with some games ) .
I am using a HP Vectra VL400 1GHz Pentium with 512MB of RAM and an ATI Radeon 9550 video card .
Hardly the best games machine around .
This quite happily plays a lot of the games and certainly the ones I like to play .
The biggest problem however is n't the PC hardware itself , it 's the controls .
You can play MAME with a standard keyboard , joystick or mouse but to be honest it really just is n't right .
Anyone who is serious about MAME will soon realise to experience all those old games properly you need the proper controls .
This is where building your own arcade cabinet comes into it .
Building your own arcade machine
What is an arcade machine ?
I remember when I was a kid we always referred to them as ' spacies ' machines .
Basically it 's a big wooden box containing the game hardware and a nice big screen , speakers and a control panel .
Usually they are tall upright things you stand at to play the games .
Some were what are known as cocktail cabinets where the machine looked more like a coffee table and you sat down , typically one person each side , and played the game with the screen flat before you under a glass top .
Others were shaped like mini cockpits you sat inside to play the games .
One thing they all had in common was a slot to throw your money into .
A MAME cabinet is basically a box of one of the types described above built by someone specifically to house a PC and screen and controls and generally made to look a lot like one of the original games machines of the past .
If you 're building it yourself you can of course leave off the coin slot .
Well , unless you 're a cheap bastard and you like charging your friends for games .
Charge the Linux geeks double - they deserve it !
Control panels
In the original games the control panel depends of course on the type of game .
Some may have had only a joystick ( like Pacman ) whereas others had a joystick and buttons all over the place ( like Defender ) .
Others may have had trackballs ( like Centipede ) or steering wheels ( like Pole Position ) .
Most would have extra buttons for selecting the number of players or other special functions .
The point is different games had different control panels .
With MAME you want a control panel that is flexible enough to play all the different types of games you are interested in .
If you only play Pacman you only need a simple panel .
If you want to play many different games you need to come up with good generic control layout with enough controls to allow you to play each different game .
How MAME supports controls
MAME basically treats key presses from the standard PC keyboard as digital inputs ( like buttons or digital joysticks ) on a real arcade machine .
For example the arrow keys map to left , right , up and down joystick movements and pressing CTRL and ALT is like hitting the fire buttons .
MAME also supports things like PC mice and trackballs as well as analogue joysticks .
The good thing about MAME is all the controls are configurable .
It also provides keys for things like the player select buttons and to simulate people inserting coins into the machine .
A MAME control panel will usually have a bunch of buttons and joysticks and other controls that are wired up to simulate pressing keyboard keys .
There are several ways of doing this .
You can modify an existing keyboard and wire the buttons into that .
This is commonly known as a ' keyboard hack ' .
There are limitations to this method however and , as Dirty Harry says , " A man 's got to know his limitations " .
A much better method is to use a keyboard encoder ( such as the iPac made by Ultimarc ) .
This is a piece of hardware you plug into a keyboard or USB port .
It has on it a variety of inputs that you can then wire buttons to .
Pressing a button causes the controller to send the appropriate key press signal to the PC .
These controls are usually very powerful and flexible allowing you to reprogram what buttons simulate which keyboard keys as well as allowing you to program in special feature like shift keys and even macros to simulate pressing combinations of keys in specific orders .
Making a cabinet
As mentioned before the cabinet is usually a big wooden thing you stand at to play the games .
The control panel bolts onto the front and the computer lives inside .
People use a variety of different screens .
The best is a real arcade monitor .
Interfacing one to a PC can be tricky although special video cards are made for just this purpose .
An ordinary PC monitor will work too .
Some people go to a lot of trouble making their cabinets and the results can be amazing .
There are some very clever designs out there for revolving or modular control panels allowing the cabinet to be configured for almost any game .
After I had been playing with MAME for a while and , inspired by the other cabinets people had made that I had seen on the Internet , I started thinking about making my own cabinet .
My cabinet
I had been thinking about building a cabinet for a while and had only got as far as sketching out a few designs and looking for examples of other designs on the web .
It was about this time I was out with a girl I knew having a drink in a little bar in town .
I was staring out the window and thinking about how I could make my own cabinet .
I am not a woodworker by any means , my skill tends to be more with metal , but I figured making a cabinet would n't be too difficult .
As I was thinking this I suddenly realised what it was I was looking at out of the window .
Across the road was a HUGE billboard advertising the new season of Doctor Who .
On it was a giant TARDIS .
The idea dawned on me if I was going to be building a huge wooden box to sit in my living room to put this MAME machine in I might as well build an interesting huge wooden box .
The idea just made sense ( not sure how many drinks I had had by this stage now I think of it ) and the idea for the TARDIS MAME console was born .
The TARDIS
Now I should point out here I do like Doctor Who but I would n't say I am a mad fan or anything .
None of that dressing up and going to conventions or having an answer phone message saying " We are the Daleks !
We are the superior beings !
Please leave a message after the EXTERMINATE ! EXTERMINATE ! " or expecting my girlfriend to dress up like Leela the savage girl ( although that last idea is n't completely without merit though I must admit ) or anything like that .
I just appreciate the interesting stories and like the appeal of the decidedly shoddy special effects .
On thing that has been fairly consistent through the 40 odd years the programme has been on is the TARDIS .
It is almost instantly recognisable to anyone even remotely familiar with the show .
There is something very British about it I find .
That quirky , odd sort of sense of humour .
To imagine someone came along and said " Lets have this Doctor chappy flying about in a space / time machine , what .
And let 's make this machine a bright , blue Police Box .
And we 'll make it so it is bigger on the inside than the outside !
Yes , that 's a brilliant idea .
Right , whose round is it ?
Another pint Arthur ? " .
Just so British .
I am surprised the Americans get it actually considering that after Star Trek and the original Battlestar Galactica ( which we all know was just cashing in on Star Wars anyway ) the best sci - fi they came up with for a long time was David Hasselhoff driving about in a car so camp it made Chitty Chitty Bang Bang look butch .
Anyway , I digress .
The TARDIS , that big , beautiful , blue box with a flashing light on top and making a noise like a constipated photocopy machine , what a brilliant cabinet to put my MAME machine in .
Unfortunately there were a few obstacles to solve along the way .
First the TARDIS is big .
Far to big to fit indoors unless you happen to live on a movie set .
Secondly the doors on a TARDIS open inwards .
When you 're dealing with a rectangular box like this doors opening inwards tend to take up an awful lot of the interior space .
Both of these problems were overcome though as you shall see .
Making the TARDIS
The first thing I had to do was come up with some sort of TARDIS plans .
No full plans exist on the Internet so I had to come up with my own .
Actually , that 's not strictly true .
There are people who will SELL you TARDIS plans .
Based on pictures of their finished product though I would n't bother to buy them .
With a bit of research it is easily possible to come up with your own plans .
If you do this what you will find out is there is n't actually one definitive TARDIS design .
The actual prop was rebuilt a number of times over the years and there were changes made each time .
The same physical props also underwent changes from season to season and even story to story .
Certain things such as the colour of the windows and the height of the roof are obvious .
There are also more subtle changes such as the size , shape and number of door handles , the colour and design of the door sign and even the wording on the sign .
This means you can basically pick and choose the features you want your own TARDIS to have .
I went with the earlier style which is considered to be closer to the original Police Box .
Now a real Police Box is quite tall , a lot taller than people expect especially with the flashing light on top .
In order to have the TARDIS fit inside my house I had to scale it somewhat .
I eventually choose a 3/ 4 scale to build mine .
Even then it is still about 1 m square on the base and about 2.3 m tall .
Materials and tools
I decided to make my TARDIS from MDF ( medium density fiberboard ) .
Anyone who has ever watched a home improvement type show will know this as the stuff they make EVERYTHING from instead of real wood .
The advantage of it is it is cheap , easy to work with and it comes in various thicknesses .
I used sheets of 4.75 , 6 , 9 and 18 mm .
My plans were drawn up using these dimensions in mind .
MDF can be glued easily but when nailing or screwing it you often need to drill a pilot hole to avoid the material splitting .
When painting it you need to start with a good primer / sealer as the material will soak up a lot of paint , especially on the edges .
Cutting it was done with a Makita circular saw .
I also used an angle grinder , random orbit sander , jigsaw , router and an electric drill .
Most of the joints were glued with white glue and also held with small panel pins and screws .
I also made use of special furniture fasteners .
These are a tapered metal insert screwed flush into a hole in the wood using an Allen key .
Through the middle of them is a threaded 6 mm hole .
These allow you to bolt other pieces to them using a standard machine screw .
The TARDIS had to be built in such a way that it can be assembled and disassembled easily to allow it to be moved and so it can fit through doorways .
As well as the MDF you need several castors for the base to make it mobile , plain and hammered glass for the windows and plastic for the signs .
You also need some form of flashing light for the top .
Construction of the base
The base is basically a flat square with the middle cut out .
I made it from two layers of 18 mm MDF as the main part of the base .
Across the back is a board of MDF to which the castors are attached .
I used three castors along the back edge of the base only .
At the front are two rubber feet .
The TARDIS at rest wo n't move since the rubber feet hold it in position .
However you can shift the whole TARDIS around by tipping it backwards slightly to lift the feet off the ground at which point it can be wheeled around on the castors ( a lot like a fridge ) .
Around the bottom edge is a further thin strip of 18 mm MDF to hide the bottom of the castors and rubber feet .
The middle of the base is hollow since the MAME console that goes inside the TARDIS needs to be sitting directly on the floor to give it stability .
In each corner of the base is a hole that acts as a socket for locating the corner posts .
The top outer edge of the base is beveled off at 45 degrees .
The corner posts
The corner posts form the main structure that everything else attaches to .
These are made up of several long strips of MDF glued together to make an L shape with stepped corners .
In each corner runs a quarter round finishing strip to give the corners the proper rounded look .
In the bottom of each post is a wooden dowel ( OK , I chopped up a bit of broom stick ) which fits into the matching hole in the base .
Down the inside of the corner posts are the threaded furniture fasteners .
The walls fit up against the inside of the corner posts and bolts pass through them into the fasteners to hold the walls in place .
The top of the posts are held in place with a square ring beam of MDF .
This ring holds the top of the posts in the correct position and also forms the first step of the TARDIS roof .
It is also held in place by long screws into fasteners in the posts .
Ring beam
The ring beam is a simple square ring that fits flush with the top of the corner posts .
The roof of the TARDIS then sits on top of this beam .
Walls and doors
The three walls and two doors are made from a thin backing sheet of MDF .
Onto this are attached the MDF horizontal and vertical strips that form the panels and window openings visible on the outside walls .
On each wall there are eight such panels .
The top two are the window openings .
The bottom six are just recessed panels .
I made mine so the panels have beveled edges .
To do this I had to cut all the verticals and horizontals with sloped edges then carefully fit them all together .
Where the windows sit in place the backing sheet has a hole bigger than the hole made by the recessed panel cut into it .
That way the beveled MDF strips form the edges of the window opening .
The window frame itself fits into the hole in the backing board and is pressed up hard against the inside of the strips .
Each wall panel fits up against the inside of the corner posts and are held in place with screws through holes in the wall that fit into the fasteners in the posts .
The doors are made in the same way as the walls but in two halves .
Instead of holes to pass screws through they have hinges along their outside edges .
I used loose pin hinges so I can split them easily into two halves .
The matching half of the hinge is attached to the inside of the front corner posts .
I used three hinges per door .
To fit the doors you simply pop them into place , line up the hinges and slide the hinge pin into place .
The doors open INWARDS .
This is how the real TARDIS props work .
To hold the doors closed I used a magnetic catch in the middle of each one .
These are attracted to each other when the doors are closed .
To hold the doors in place when then are open I use small magnets that attract the top corner of the doors to small screws attached to the walls .
On each door is a small brass handle and I also used a small drawer lock to represent the Yale lock that some of the real props used .
On the left hand door the panel under the window is what is called the " Pull to Open " panel .
This is a small door that would have originally have had a telephone behind it .
On mine this panel does n't actually open .
The panel has a sign on it .
The colour , typeface and even wording on this sign changed among the different TARDIS props .
I settled for a silver coloured panel with black , laser cut lettering .
Windows
The windows are again made from MDF strips .
They consist of a rectangular frame with two verticals and one horizontal across the middle .
This forms spaces for six small panes of glass .
The bottom two outside panes are a hammered , textured glass .
All other panes are clear glass .
To make the frame and cross pieces I cut several long boards of MDF .
One board was the same size as the width of the window and one the same size as the height .
These boards then had strips routed down the length of them to half the depth of the wood .
I then used the saw to cut the horizontal and vertical frame pieces across the boards .
The slots are arranged so that when the frame is assembled the pieces interlock together by matching the slots up .
The whole frame is then one consistent thickness .
The frames were glued and stapled together .
The window glass was simply glued to the back of the frame using silicon sealant after the frames were sanded , sealed and painted white .
The windows are held to the back of the walls and doors behind the beveled opening using small canvas clips with felt backing on them .
These can be done up tightly enough to hold the windows in place but allow some movement to get them evenly positioned in the walls and doors .
Once in position the clips can be done up tightly locking the windows in place .
The inside of the windows were made opaque by painting over them with a very thin wash of a dirty grey paint I mixed up for various leftovers I found in tins around my shed .
The windows still light up from behind nicely but you can't look through them and see inside the TARDIS .
Roof
The roof on my TARDIS has three steps to it .
Some TARDIS props ( most notable through the Tom Baker years ) used a flatter , two step roof design .
The first step of my roof is formed by the ring beam at the top of the corner posts .
On top of this sits the main roof structure .
This is all made in one piece .
The base of the roof is again a simple square structure with a flat top .
On top of this is the main sloping roof .
The roof slopes up to a small square flat section at the very top .
On top of this fits the lamp base and flashing lamp .
In each corner of the roof is a small capping piece .
These caps have the same cross section as the corner posts although they are narrower .
I made a length of capping in one piece then sliced it up into the four corner capping pieces .
When the roof is in place these line up with the center of the corner posts and make it appear as if the corner posts take a step inwards to meet the roof corners .
Nothing but gravity holds the roof in place .
It is heavy enough not to move but not so heavy one person can't lift it up onto the top of the TARDIS themselves .
Inside the roof is a flat ceiling to which is attached the control panel for the interior light and the lamp flasher .
Flashing lamp
The flashing lamp base is a simple square structure .
Onto this are attached four round wooden dowels leading up to a flat , round capping piece .
In the center of all this fits the actual glass lamp .
Now the original TARDIS design used a Fresnel style lamp but these are rather tricky to get .
Even the BBC props department had to resort to all manner of lamp replacements over the years .
It is even rumoured they had to improvise and use a Tupperware container at one point !
I also had to improvise but I went a little more high tech than Tupperware and used an old gherkin jar .
Ok , I went only slightly more high tech .
I sandblasted the inside of the jar to make it opaque .
Inside the jar I used a car trailer light to provide illumination .
This is flashed on and off by a small circuit using a 555 timer chip .
On top of the round capping piece is a domed top .
This is made of a section cut from an old plastic ballcock ( I beg your pardon ) float .
The power cable for the light passed down through a hole in the TARDIS roof to the control panel attached to the ceiling inside .
Sign boxes
The signs boxes are made from 6 mm MDF .
They attach to the outside of the corner posts just down from the top of the ring beam that makes up the first step of the roof .
The top and the bottom of each box needs to be contoured to neatly fit against the curved edges of the corner posts .
They are held in place by long threaded rods that pass right through the posts and are held on the inside by wing nuts .
The front face of each box has a large rectangular cutout .
Behind this is a small stepped edge made from strips of MDF .
The actual signs are made from translucent , white acrylic sheet .
The letters are formed by cutouts in dark blue , laser cut vinyl that is stuck to the outside of the white acrylic .
The white plastic is then held inside the sign box by small wooden blocks that fix it in position .
When back lit the vinyl blocks most of the light allowing a slight blue glow where there is vinyl and a white glow where the letters are cut out .
Three steps
The bottom of the sign box sits somewhat above the top of the doors and walls .
In the space between these fits what is known as the three step .
This is a stepped section that simply bolts to the inside of the corner posts and sits on top of the door and walls .
The bottom step sits just above the surface of the doors .
The top step sits just below the back of the sign boxes .
Control panel and internal light
The control panel attached to the ceiling has several functions .
It contains the circuit used to make the lamp flash and also houses it's own bulb that works as an internal light for the TARDIS .
This bulb is a car stop lamp .
As these have two filaments in them I can have a 2 brightness light .
The bulb is attached to the bottom of the control panel and hangs low enough down so that it 's light can shine through the back of the sign boxes to illuminate them without causing shadows on the back of the signs .
The panel has two three position switches .
The first controls the flashing lamp allowing it to be off , on permanently or flashing .
The second controls the internal light allowing it to be off , dim or bright .
Two cables attach to the panel .
One heads up through the roof to the flashing lamp .
The other heads down to a 12 volt power supply in the base of the console .
The cables are attached using 2 pin DIN plugs and sockets ( in the old days theses were typically used as speaker cable plugs and sockets ) .
The circuit for the flasher has an adjustment to allow fine tuning of the flashing rate .
There is also a fuse on the panel in case anything ever shorts out .
Painting
As mentioned the first step in painting is to seal and prime everything .
I used two coats of a good primer , sealer followed by several coats of the blue colour .
Painting was one of the slower , more painful jobs of the whole TARDIS build as I had to paint one side of everything , wait for it to dry , turn it over then paint the other side .
The final colour I used was a custom blend of blue that started life as ' fish net blue ' and ended up ' fish net stocking blue ' .
It is an oil based enamel so it is very hard wearing and so that the painted panels wo n't stick together where the pieces touch after they are bolted together .
The downside is you need to wait 24 hours for the paint to dry between coats and wait weeks for the paint to achieve full hardness .
Painting took well over a week then another week of drying time before I could finally assemble the pieces .
Assembly
The TARDIS is assembled in the following order .
First the base is positioned on the floor .
At this point it is very , very important to remember to put it over the power cable that runs the TARDIS and console when it is assembled .
If you miss this step you can't then easily get the cable under the base without taking the TARDIS apart .
Once the base is in place the four corner posts are stood in position , the dowels in the base of each fitting into the corresponding hole in the base .
The corners are n't actually fixed to the base in any way .
Weight holds it all together .
Even in the great Auckland earthquake of 2007 the TARDIS stood solid as a rock .
Next the roof ring beam is attached .
This sits on the blocks screwed to the inside of the corner posts .
The blocks mean it sits at the right height .
Screws then pass through the ring into the corner to hold it in place .
Next the walls and the three steps are loosely screwed in place .
Everything is kept loose until the doors are fitted to allow things to be moved around .
The doors are then put into position and the hinge pins put in place .
The three step above the doors is also positioned now .
The doors are closed and I make sure they sit square and open and close freely before tightening the rest of the walls and three steps into position .
Next the roof is lifted into position on top of the ring beam .
On the very top of the roof the lamp is fitted .
The lamp base has two small dowel pins that protrude into holes in the roof to hold it into position so it wo n't slide off .
The power cable to it is threaded down through the hole in the roof .
Next the sign boxes are put into position on the outside of the TARDIS .
The long threaded rods in the back of the boxes pass through holes in the corner posts and allow the boxes to sit in place while the wing nuts are done up from inside the TARDIS .
Finally the control panel and interior light are screwed into position .
The wires are all plugged in and hooked up and the TARDIS is complete !
OK , but where is the MAME console ?
For those who made it this far you might have noticed one major emission here .
The MAME console .
The details of that follow in part two .
Before I started making the console I made a small model with cardboard and hot glue to make sure the concept would work .
The TARDIS and the MAME console are actually two separate projects that just happen to fit together when complete but either can stand alone quite happily by itself .
August 2007 Update
A small update to this story .
Recently Sylvester McCoy ( the 7th Doctor ) was in New Zealand performing in the Shakespeare play ' King Lear ' .
He took a day however to appear at a small Doctor Who convention where he spoke about his time as the Doctor and he also posed for pictures and signed autographs .
I would n't normally go to a sci- fi convention but at the insistence of friends I took the opportunity to take in a part of my TARDIS to have him sign it .
Deciding which part was tricky as most of the parts are far too big to carry about easily .
In the end I settled for the front sign box since I could easily remove it and since the inside of it is painted white .
The inside also remains free from dust and grime !
So now I have a TARDIS signed by an actual Doctor .
Funnily enough he is actually the second Doctor I have met .
Back in 1990 I ran into Jon Pertwee in the middle of a bird sanctuary / aviary near Palmerston North of all places .
I remember he was very polite and quite happy to talk to us .
I did n't ask for an autograph .
It did n't seem right to bother a man on holiday .
It was just nice to meet him .
April 2013 Another update
Another update .
And one I missed .
In Octber 2010 Sylvester McCoy , Paul McGann and Sophie Aldred came to NZ for an Armageddon convention so along I went , sign box in hand , to have it autographed .
So Mr McCoy has now signed it twice !
And yesterday I went along to the Lords of Time event which featured Sylvester and Paul again and also Peter Davison , Colin Baker as well as Nicholas Briggs who does the voices of the Daleks and Cybermen in the new Who .
I collected signatures from Peter , Colin and Nicholas .
It turns out it was Peter Davison 's birthday that day also .
Everyone sang to him as he came on stage .
Later , at the autograph signing , I gave him my hand made TARDIS cufflinks as a birthday gift ( and went home shirt sleves flapping ) .
To go on to Part Two - The Console click here .
Pueraria mirifica is full of active chemicals
B2 Up says its Bust - Up gum , when chewed three or four times a day , can also help improve circulation , reduce stress and fight ageing .
The gum works by slowly releasing compounds contained in an extract from a plant called Pueraria mirifica .
In theory , this helps to keep the muscle tissue in good order .
Pueraria mirifica , also known as Kwao Krua , is a species found in Thailand and Burma .
It has long been used by indigenous hill tribe people as a traditional medicine .
The plant 's underground tubers contain a number of chemicals called phytoestrogens - natural compounds which mimic the effects of the female sex hormone oestrogen .
These include miroestrol and deoxymiroestrol , which are believed to exert a particularly strong effect , as they are very close in chemical structure to oestradiol , the main human oestrogen .
B2 Up says that it is the effect of these two chemicals , coupled with a third phytooestrogen isoflavone , which makes its gum so effective .
It cites tests carried out by Thailand 's Chulalongkorn University which found Pueraria mirifica therapy was able to enhance breast size by 80 % .
Further tests carried out in England found that the plant had a beneficial effect on the skin , and hair , as well as the breasts .
The company also markets different Pueraria products , including pills , and tea .
The gum , which comes in rose flavour , has proved so popular that there are plans to start selling it in convenience stores .
Scepticism
Claire Williamson , of the British Nutrition Foundation , said research had suggested phytoestrogens may be beneficial in post - menopausal women in terms of reducing menopausal symptoms , and may also have beneficial effects on risk factors for heart disease and osteoporosis .
A role in breast cancer has also been suggested .
But she said research had suggested that isoflavone supplements are not as effective in managing menopausal symptoms as isoflavone rich foods such as soya .
Furthermore , consumption of isoflavones may need to be life - long in order to have beneficial effects on postmenopausal symptoms .
" So there is clear evidence of the potential health benefits of consuming isoflavone - rich foods such as soya , however consumption in the form of a gum has not been extensively studied and such products may be simply another food gimmick . "
WASHINGTON June 13 — Complicated privacy laws have left education , health care , and law enforcement officials confused about what they can legally tell one another concerning dangerous and mentally ill people , and that confusion has limited the ability of these officials to prevent the kind of violence that occurred at Virginia Tech , according to a federal report released today .
The federal report also says that many states and communities have done too little to prepare for emergencies and violent incidents in schools .
And it says that state laws do not uniformly ensure that the federal firearms database is kept current regarding people who should be restricted from possessing firearms .
As a result of these problems , the federal report says , mentally ill people do not get the counseling and monitoring they need , and weapons are not kept from those who should be not have them .
The report was prepared jointly by the departments of Health and Human Services , Justice , and Education at the request of President George W. Bush .
But for Democrats , the latest developments have only given them a renewed reason to push for sworn testimony , as they pointed to the inaccurate or misleading statements made by the Justice Department or the White House on the firings , a list of which they said seemed to grow every few days .
Justice Department officials first said the White House approved the ouster plan only after it was initiated by Justice , but e-mail messages have shown that officials at the White House initiated the effort , shortly after the 2004 elections .
Justice Department officials at first gave no reasons for the firings , then cited performance problems with the prosecutors , and , finally , acknowledged that performance could not be cited in each of the cases as the rationale for the firings .
Officials have said that politics played no role in the firings .
But they later acknowledged that they had received repeated telephone calls from one Republican senator who sought the ouster of the New Mexico prosecutor , and that a second United States attorney , in Arkansas , was dismissed to make room for a former aide to Mr. Rove .
Stanley M. Brand , a lawyer in Washington and former Democratic counsel to the House , said the United States attorney matter was turning into a classic Washington saga , where statements made by public officials after the fact are as damaging as any role they may have played in the actual events .
“ That is the classic conundrum that people get into , they obfuscate , or do n’t tell the whole story , and that itself is what becomes the legal controversy , ” Mr. Brand said .
“ The shifting story of what is at the bottom of these decisions on the United States attorneys is the primary reason that Congress keeps grinding away .
That is always the fuel for these investigations . ”
As attorney general , Mr. Gonzales has become a central figure , and increasingly , critics say , the emblem of ineptitude , in the swirl of contradictions , memory lapses and conflicting testimony that has defined the unfolding story behind the removal of the prosecutors .
The world is changing and there 's an imminent shift in our current and future generation .
Karl Fisch and Scott McLeod illustrate this in a video presentation putting together updated statistics and thought provoking questions .
It 's neatly done and fascinating .
Ethanol , widely touted as a greenhouse - gas - cutting fuel , would have serious health effects if heavily used in cars , producing more ground - level ozone than gasoline , particularly in the Los Angeles Basin , according to a Stanford University study out today .
“ Ethanol is being promoted as a clean and renewable fuel that will reduce global warming and air pollution , ” said Mark Z. Jacobson , an associate professor of civil and environmental engineering and author of the study in the online edition of Environmental Science and Technology .
“ But our results show that a high blend of ethanol poses an equal or greater risk to public health than gasoline , which already causes significant health damage . ”
Ozone is a key ingredient in smog , and when inhaled even at low levels it can harm lungs , aggravate asthma and impair immune systems .
The health effects from ethanol use are the same whether it is made from corn or other plant products , Jacobson found .
Advertisement
The study determined that a 9 % increase in ozone - related deaths would occur in Greater Los Angeles , and a 4 % increase nationally , by 2020 if a form of ethanol called E85 , were used instead of gasoline .
In the Southeast , by contrast , mortality rates would decrease slightly .
The type of fuel used in the study -- 85 % ethanol , 15 % gasoline -- emits less greenhouse gases than other types , some researchers say .
“ Today , there is a lot of investment in ethanol , ” Jacobson said .
“ The question is , if we ’re not getting any health benefits , then why continue to promote ethanol ? ”
He used a computer model to simulate air quality in 2020 -- when ethanol - fueled vehicles are expected to be widely available in the United States -- with a focus on Los Angeles .
His study is the first to combine emissions data with multiple other variables , including climate , population density and current amounts of air pollution , he said .
Advertisement
“ The chemicals that come out of a tailpipe are affected by a variety of factors , including chemical reactions , temperatures , sunlight , clouds , wind and precipitation , ” he said .
“ Overall , health effects depend on exposure to these airborne chemicals , which varies from region to region ....
Since Los Angeles has historically been the most polluted airshed in the U.S. , the test bed for nearly all U.S. air pollution regulation and home to about 6 % of the U.S. population , it is also ideal for a more detailed study , ” Jacobson wrote .
President Bush has made increased use of ethanol and other alternative fuels a centerpiece of his strategy to increase reliance on domestic fuels while reducing greenhouse gas emissions .
In his State of the Union address in January , Bush called for annual national production of 35 billion gallons of ethanol by 2017 , up from 5 billion gallons in 2006 and nearly five times the target set by Congress .
The president ’s deputy press secretary requested a copy of Jacobson ’s study Tuesday but had no immediate comment .
Advertisement
Kristen Hellmer , a spokeswoman for the White House Council on Environmental Quality , said she had not had a chance to review the study , but reiterated the administration ’s support for ethanol .
“ I think there are pollutants that contribute to ozone which may slightly increase as a result of more ethanol use , which can be managed by tools which we have available under the Clean Air Act , ” Hellmer said .
Jennifer Wood of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency echoed those remarks in an e-mail .
“ While EPA has not fully reviewed the study , the agency ’s experience and analysis in developing renewable - fuel standards contradicts the underlying assumptions of the study , ” she wrote .
“ The increased use of renewable fuels , like E85 , will significantly reduce greenhouse gas , benzene and carbon monoxide emissions while strengthening our nation ’s energy security and supporting American farming communities .
Advertisement
“ The pollutants that contribute to ozone , which may slightly increase as a result of additional ethanol use , can be managed by the suite of effective tools available under the Clean Air Act . ”
California Air Resources
Board spokeswoman Gennet Paauwe said staff researchers are designing their own study to examine potential effects of ethanol on air pollution and health .
Jacobson said there are already an estimated 5,000 premature U.S. deaths annually tied to ozone exposure , in spite of Clean Air Act regulations .
He said that he had assumed large reductions in emissions by 2020 because of more stringent air regulations , but that even then , there were significant health risks .
Brooke Coleman , director of the Renewable Energy Action Project in San Francisco , said Jacobson was a respected air quality expert but criticized him for saying there would be increased deaths from E85 and smog .
Advertisement
“ He is ignoring the fact that E85 greatly reduces emissions that are much more harmful to humans than smog , such as toxics and soot ” particulates , Coleman said in an e-mail .
Jacobson replied that “ there is no evidence available to indicate that particulate matter will decrease with the use of E85 ....
The effect of E85 on increasing mortality is firmly grounded in science based on information available today , and not misleading .
What is misleading is the claims made to date that ethanol will improve air quality and health . ”
Thirty states , so far , have public E85 fueling stations .
Most are in the Midwest .
California has one , in San Diego .
*
Advertisement
janet.wilson@latimes.com
Editor 's note :
In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events .
Here , CNN's Harris Whitbeck describes the destruction from Wednesday 's earthquake in Peru .
Local residents bury earthquake victims Friday in Pisco , Peru. more photos »
PISCO , Peru ( CNN ) --
Five elderly nuns huddled early Friday outside the ruins of a church that had stood for centuries , their dark shawls tightly wrapped around their shoulders .
The nuns were standing at the edge of the ruins of the San Clemente church in downtown Pisco , waiting for word on two of their sisters who were buried in the rubble .
The parish priest , a robust Spaniard in his 60s , accompanied the nuns .
The group quietly observed rescue workers dig through mounds of stones and upturned tiles .
The priest said the church was more than 300 years old .
He still could n't understand how the entire roof collapsed on hundreds of worshippers who were attending a funeral Mass when Wednesday 's 8.0 - magnitude quake struck .
I could n't understand how this man and these women of the cloth could remain so calm , their faith so apparently unshaken while they contemplated the ruins of the church and the loss of people so dear to them .
I asked them about that faith .
" It 's difficult times like this that it exists , " the priest said .
The group spent hours waiting in the dark , cold night and into the morning never questioning -- simply accepting what was and never doubting that their church would some day be rebuilt .
The parish church says there could be 60 people buried under the rubble , including the entire church choir and 15 members of the immediate family of the person whose life was being celebrated during the funeral mass .
Watch how the quake ruined lives »
Many are buried amid the rubble at the church 's entrance .
When the quake struck , those inside the church rushed to get out .
That 's when the roof came smashing down on top of them .
Rescue workers are now digging around the entrance of the church .
On Thursday night , family members stood outside the church , watching and waiting .
Every time a body would be pulled out , they would rush toward it to see if they could identify the remains .
Impact Your World See how you can make a difference
About 100 bodies -- some from the church , others from elsewhere in the town -- were taken to the city square and laid there .
The bodies were covered with shrouds .
People walked among the bodies trying to identify loved ones , an eerie feeling amid the destruction .
Throughout the Peru town , people are living in the streets outside the rubble of what used to be their homes .
Many use wood from their destroyed homes to try to stay warm at night ; temperatures are in the 50s at night here .
They 're most fearful of aftershocks , and at least two jolted the region Friday morning .
See photos of quake - ravaged Peru »
One man I came across was in mourning outside his home .
He lives across the street from a cemetery and owns a flower stall .
He typically sells flowers to those going into the cemetery to place at gravestones .
But not on this day .
The man wept on a coffin .
His house had collapsed during the quake , and his mother was killed .
There in the street , in front of what was left of his house , he held a wake for his mother .
Two little candles were lit .
He did n't have flowers , even for his own mother .
He was devastated .
At the foot of the coffin , children slept .
They were neighborhood kids , wrapped in blankets , trying to get some sleep amid the chaos .
E-mail to a friend
All About Peru
STRASBOURG , France ( Reuters ) - Tapping a barometer to check the weather may become a thing of the past after the European Parliament on Tuesday adopted new rules to scrap the use of mercury and protect the environment .
A thermometer shows the temperature soaring to a record high in Tokyo as an unprecedented heatwave hit the capital , with the mercury hitting an all - time high , in this file photo from July 20 , 2004 .
Tapping a barometer to check the weather may become a thing of the past after the European Parliament on Tuesday adopted new rules to scrap the use of mercury and protect the environment .
REUTERS / Toshiyuki Aizawa
The European Union assembly agreed to ban the sale of non-electrical instruments containing the toxic heavy metal , such as thermometers for taking people ’s temperatures at home .
The ban , already endorsed by EU states , will apply to new devices only .
Existing instruments or antiques can still be repaired or bought and sold second - hand .
Measuring devices containing mercury may be imported if they are more than 50 years old and therefore classified as antiques .
Mercury , liquid at room temperature and pressure , has been used in instruments for hundreds of years .
There are exemptions for the healthcare sector .
An earlier attempt to exempt barometer makers was dropped after opposition in some EU states .
Manufacturers will be given a two - year grace period .
The measure is part of a wider EU strategy to crack down on the use of mercury .
Around 80 to 90 percent of all mercury is used in medical and other thermometers for household use .
EU Industry Commissioner Guenter Verheugen said the rules will come into force soon and reduce the bloc ’s mercury emissions by 33 tonnes a year .
Thermometers alone account for 25 to 30 tonnes , for which there are now non-mercury alternatives , he said .
Philip Collins of Barometer World in Devon , England , said the measure would harm the environment .
“ It ’s chiefly barometer makers who are in a position to advise customers about handling mercury .
In the short and medium term it will produce more indiscriminate dumping of mercury barometers , ” said Collins , who is also secretary general of the British Barometer Makers Association .
British centre - right lawmaker Martin Callanan said appropriate safety warnings could have allowed barometer production to continue .
“ This ban brings to an end the tradition of barometer making which was begun in the mid 1600s when mercury barometers were first introduced , ” Callanan said .
There are about 8 barometer makers in Europe , including three in Britain , one in Belgium and France , and two in the Netherlands , Collins said .
“ Although repairs are not directly threatened , some makers wo n’t survive , ” Collins said , adding the reform will trim turnover but not threaten his business .
The European Commission will review safer alternatives for mercury - containing instruments for taking blood pressure .
The Newton - Raphson Method
Already the Babylonians knew how to approximate square roots .
Let 's consider the example of how they found approximations to .
Let 's start with a close approximation , say x 1 =3/2=1.5 .
If we square x 1 =3/2 , we obtain 9/4 , which is bigger than 2 .
Consequently .
If we now consider 2 / x 1 =4/3 , its square 16/9 is of course smaller than 2 , so .
We will do better if we take their average :
If we square x 2 =17/12 , we obtain 289/144 , which is bigger than 2 .
Consequently .
If we now consider 2/ x 2 =24/17 , its square 576/289 is of course smaller than 2 , so .
Let 's take their average again :
x 3 is a pretty good rational approximation to the square root of 2 :
Newton and Raphson used ideas of the Calculus to generalize this ancient method to find the zeros of an arbitrary equation
Let r be a root ( also called a " zero " ) of f( x ) , that is f( r ) =0 .
Assume that .
Let x 1 be a number close to r ( which may be obtained by looking at the graph of f( x ) ) .
The tangent line to the graph of f( x ) at ( x 1 , f( x 1 ) ) has x 2 as its x-intercept .
From the above picture , we see that x 2 is getting closer to r.
Easy calculations give
3
This technique of successive approximations of real zeros is called Newton 's method , or the Newton - Raphson Method .
Example .
Let us find an approximation to to ten decimal places .
Note that is an irrational number .
Therefore the sequence of decimals which defines will not stop .
Clearly is the only zero of f( x ) = x2 - 5 on the interval [ 1,3 ] .
See the Picture .
Let be the successive approximations obtained through Newton 's method .
We have
1
It is quite remarkable that the results stabilize for more than ten decimal places after only 5 iterations !
Example .
Let us approximate the only solution to the equation
This solution is also the only zero of the function .
So now we see how Newton 's method may be used to approximate r.
Since r is between 0 and , we set x 1 = 1 .
The rest of the sequence is generated through the formula
Thursday night , after the National Weather Service issued a flash flood watch for the city , Elliot G. Sander , the authority ’s chief executive , announced that officials were rechecking storm drains , placing pumps at all of the system ’s “ flood - prone ” locations , calling in additional signal , ventilation and drain maintenance workers , readying buses to ferry stranded passengers , and delaying all but the most urgent construction .
As for improving communication , managers and other employees were to be dispatched to the busiest stations .
Some were given bullhorns .
Of course , the scale of New York ’s subways , which deliver 4.9 million rides each weekday , dwarfs any other system in the country , making it much harder — and more expensive — for the authority to maintain and improve its communications system .
On Wednesday , the authority ’s Web site , one of the busiest in the country , was updated frequently and received a record 44 million hits .
( A hit is a request for a single file on a Web server . )
However , untold numbers of people had trouble getting through to the site .
The firewall software that screens users on the network could not handle the surge in traffic , so technicians tried to free up capacity by asking employees to limit their online activities and by disabling bandwidth - consuming functions , like videos of old board meetings , on its Web site .
“ To say the Web site was down is not correct , ” said Christopher P. Boylan , a deputy executive director of the authority .
“ It was just at its maximum capacity . ”
That distinction did little to help Richard Cattafesta , 46 , an advertising executive who lives in Windsor Terrace , Brooklyn , and who gave up waiting for a bus on Wednesday morning after several passed him by .
He went home , thinking he could get an update online .
“ I got on the Web and got to the M.T.A. site , but I could not download any information , ” he said .
“ I clicked ‘ reload ’ again and again .
I finally got a partial download , but I got no service information whatsoever — just the banner of the site . ”
Hard Disk Drive Myths Debunked !
This guide was written in response to the numerous fallacies about the hard disk drive that are still being propagated in many forum discussions .
As you read through this guide , you may think that some of these myths may have been made up .
We wished that was true .
We collected these myths from various discussions we heard or read over time .
To be honest , many articles have covered these topics .
It would have been easy for someone to do a quick search online before imparting their opinions to newbies .
Unfortunately , it became apparent to us that some folks just prefer to trust their innate instincts over logic and knowledge .
As such , these hard disk drive urban legends have remained more popular than the simple truth .
So , let 's get down to basics and examine some of these common fallacies or myths and debunk them !
If you know of any myth that have not been covered by this guide , please tell us about it .
We would love to add them to the current list of myths .
Support Tech ARP !
If you like our work , you can help support out work by visiting our sponsors , participate in the Tech ARP Forums , or even donate to our fund .
Any help you can render is greatly appreciated !
Questions & Comments
Please feel free to post your questions or comments here !
The Debut of RoboDump 1.0 By Kevin Kelm ( kkelm@triggur.org )
Friday , Nov 21 , 2004
RoboDump is a robot .
Sort of .
And it poops .
Sort of .
Forever .
A horrible , never - ending bowel movement complete with straining grunts , horrific gas , splashes , and pee sounds .
Downloads ( right click , Save As ...)
Low bandwidth , 40 Kbps , mono , 1.1MB Mirror1
High bandwidth , 128 Kbps , stereo , 4.0 MB ( NEW !
Remastered by Greg Lynn ! Thanks Greg ! )
Mirror 2
The left channel speaker points up into the room ( for the voice effects ) and the right channel speaker points down into the toilet ( for the business - end effects ) .
I snuck RoboDump into the men's room at the office .
Unfortunately , today turned out to be the day of a board meeting .
Whoops !
It still went over well ; the office was abuzz all morning with gossip about the guy in the bathroom .
Several people theorized it was the CFO .
The janitor commented to someone in the hallway that he wanted to clean the restroom but " this guy 's been in there all morning . "
I also decided to dress it in businessware to make coworkers less likely to try to talk to it ... if it looks like a customer or visiting bigwig , they 'll be less likely to offer help or ask for a courtesy flush .
Comment at the blog ...
RoboDump in action :
The First Corporate Pure Science Research Lab Thomas J. Watson Sr. established the Watson Scientific Computing Laboratory in temporary quarters at Columbia University in 1945 .
One year later , IBM researchers moved into a former fraternity house near the campus , pictured left .
Here , a handful of the world ’s top young scientists went to work using advanced computers to investigate everything from atomic fission to the orbit of the moon .
From these humble beginnings emerged IBM Research .
The lab ’s unique connection with Columbia marked a new way of tapping into university talent and collaborating with academia .
Fractal Geometry
In 1967 , IBM researcher Benoît Mandelbrot published the initial findings of what he would later describe as “ fractal geometry ” -- a concept that uses mathematical properties to describe the rough , non-Euclidean geometrical irregularities that exist in nature , from sea shells to spiral galaxies .
Highly contested in its early years , this new way to perceive our reality and surroundings has since informed breakthroughs in biology , telecommunications , computer graphics and more .
Mandelbrot is pictured here with a quintessential fractal pattern .
The Apollo Missions Four thousand IBM employees built the computers and wrote many of the complex software programs that launched the Apollo missions and guided them safely to Earth , including the historic 1969 Apollo 11 mission to the Moon .
Gene Kranz was the flight director on duty that historic day .
He said , “ without IBM and the systems they provided , we would not have landed on the Moon . ” IBM has taken part in every U.S. - manned space effort in history .
Excimer Laser Surgery
In 1981 , IBM scientists Rangaswamy Srinivasan , James Wynne and Samuel Blum discovered how the newly invented excimer laser could remove specific human tissue without harming the surrounding area and do so on an extremely minute scale , a process that became the foundation for LASIK and PRK surgery .
The painless procedure , which changes the shape of the cornea , has improved the vision and quality of life for millions of people around the world .
For their work , the scientists were recognized by President Obama in 2013 with the National Medal of Technology and Innovation .
Nanotechnology IBM
Research opened the door to the world of nanoscience in 1981 when Gerd Binnig and Heinrich Rohrer invented the scanning tunneling microscope , revolutionizing our ability to manipulate solid surfaces the size of atoms .
Since that time , IBM has achieved many breakthroughs in the field , including the discovery and application of carbon nanotubes to increase chip speeds .
In 2012 , IBM scientists announced the creation of the world 's smallest magnetic memory bit , made of just 12 atoms .
To highlight the milestone , the scientists moved atoms by using their scanning tunneling microscope to make A Boy and His Atom : The World ’s Smallest Movie .
IBM Deep Blue beats the world chess champion On May 11 , 1997 , an IBM computer called IBM Deep Blue beat the world chess champion , Garry Kasparov , after a six - game match .
The contest demonstrated important advances in computer science , furthering the ability of computers to handle the kinds of complex calculations needed to help discover new medical drugs ; do the broad financial modeling needed to identify trends and do risk analysis ; handle large database searches ; and perform massive calculations .
Today ’s chess champions hone their moves by observing how computers approach the game , providing a model of how A.I. can augment human talent .
IBM Blue Gene
Over the past 100 years , high - end IBM machines have consistently ranked among the most powerful on the planet .
When IBM Blue Gene was unveiled in 2004 , it was both the most powerful supercomputer and the most efficient , consuming only a fraction of the energy and floor space of any other supercomputer .
Developed and manufactured in collaboration with the US Department of Energy 's Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California as part of a US $ 100 million , five - year development effort driven by IBM Research , Blue Gene was originally built to help biologists observe the invisible processes of protein folding and gene development .
In September 2009 , President Barack Obama recognized IBM and the Blue Gene family of supercomputers with the National Medal of Technology and Innovation .
Sustainable Cocoa IBM
Research , the United States Department of Agriculture and candy - maker Mars Inc. teamed up in 2008 to sequence the cocoa genome in an effort to help farmers grow tastier , more disease - resistant and more productive cocoa trees .
The initial phase of work yielded a surprising result : identifying the genes that dictate the color of the plant may be the best indicator for better - tasting , healthier plants .
Learnings from this endeavor are being applied today to safeguard the food supply chain worldwide , using algorithms to predict food dangers .
IBM ’s Watson wins Jeopardy !
Challenge
In February 2011 , an IBM Research project took center stage when Watson competed against the reigning champs of TV quiz show Jeopardy ! -- and won .
At the time , Watson was a computer running software called Deep QA , an early form of machine learning and natural language processing .
Today , Watson is the world ’s first and most advanced AI platform .
At IBM Research , we continue to advance Watson ’s capabilities and build the future of AI , with the development of new software , applications and next - generation infrastructure .
An ultracold plasma of 26,000 beryllium ions fluoresces when hit by a laser pulse .
Ultracold atoms could be used to make quantum computers and sophisticated measuring devices , and may even unlock the mysteries of the big bang .
Image : National Institute of Standards and Technology
Once you catch an atom , you can do quite a lot with it .
You can make a powerful computer , track infinitesimally small changes in gravity , even model the big bang .
That 's what scientists in a field called ultracold physics are doing .
Their tools are atoms cooled to near - absolute - zero temperatures , slowed just enough to let physicists harness their quantum properties .
" If you get some atoms moving really slowly , you can control them very well , " said University of Virginia physicist Cass Sackett .
" And once you bring them to a complete stop , you can do a number of very interesting things . "
Albert Einstein and Satyendra Nash Bose predicted the phenomenon in 1925 , but these so - called Bose - Einstein condensates were discovered only 12 years ago .
They 've come a long way in that short time .
Ultracold particles may soon be used to make quantum supercomputers , extra-sensitive measuring devices , navigation systems and even models of the early universe .
None of this could be done with regular , old - fashioned states of matter .
Sackett and other ultracold physicists slow atoms by hitting them with lasers , a technique pioneered in 1995 by Eric Cornell , Wolfgang Ketterle and Carl Wieman .
In 2001 , their work earned them a Nobel Prize in physics .
Normally , atoms do n't interact with light .
But if the lasers are calibrated to just the right wavelength , the photons and atoms intersect .
One or two , or even a few million , photons wo n't make much of a difference .
At room temperature , atoms spin at speeds of hundreds of thousands of meters per second : Hitting one with a photon , said University of Chicago physicist Cheng Chin , is like tossing a pingpong ball at an onrushing bowling ball .
But bombard a bowling ball with enough pingpong balls , and it can be slowed .
The same goes for atoms and photons .
The transition from high to low energy is also a considerable temperature decrease – hence the ultracold moniker .
Once they 're cold enough , the atoms – usually alkali metals from the left side of the periodic table , which have just one electron in their outer ring and are thus easier to target – are no longer the chaotically bouncing billiard balls of high school science - class analogies .
Instead they behave in unison , with each atom's position and momentum identical .
It 's this type of ultracold homogeneity that , somewhat counterintuitively , may have existed in the ultrahigh temperatures immediately following the big bang .
And by studying the behavior of Bose - Einstein condensates , Chin and other physicists hope to learn more about the origin of the universe .
" In the beginning there was a uniform medium , " said Chin .
" Essentially , there was no structure .
And then there was all kinds of structure .
What is the origin of this complexity ? "
If that seems a little disconnected from the needs of everyday life , there are plenty of practical applications for ultracold physics .
By capturing the atoms in grids of light and magnetism and then controlling their quantum - variable states , Chin is using ultracold particles to make quantum computer processors with powers beyond our binary - based chips .
" In a classical semiconductor , you interact with a bit ( connected to ) wiring , " Chin said .
" We use photons to induce interaction .
Your computer could be several hundred atoms floating in a vacuum , their interactions mediated by light . "
And this is more than a pretty picture :
Such a computer would be far more powerful than any supercomputer in the world .
Scientists need to learn how to better control the atoms before quantum computing becomes a reality .
In the meantime , ultracold atoms make great measuring devices .
By tracking the changes induced in the atoms , physicists can make fine - grained deductions about the strength of magnetic or gravitational fields .
That 's Sackett 's specialty , and it could be valuable to oil prospectors because oil deposits , it turns out , cause a minuscule decrease in gravity due to their low density as compared to the Earth 's stone core .
Another practical use for ultracold research could come in the form of non-GPS - based navigational systems , which would require reckonings down to a billionth of a degree .
Ultracold atoms could take such measurements based on the Earth 's rotation .
All in all , it 's a heady time for ultracold – and the best is yet to come .
" The field is improving incredibly fast , " said Massachusetts Institute of Technology physicist Vladan Vuletic .
" The things that are happening now – if you read the proposals 10 years ago , you would have said they were just science fiction . "
New Experiment Probes Weird Zone Between Quantum and Classical
Subatomic Inferno Under the Alps
Physics Frontier Goes Euro
The Medical Tricorder Takes Two Steps Away From Sci-Fi
Accounting case hits Halliburton Oil - field - services giant says former employee 's complaint is without merit
Anthony Menendez , Halliburton 's former director of technical accounting research and training , goes over documents relating to his complaint against the company .
Anthony Menendez , Halliburton 's former director of technical accounting research and training , goes over documents relating to his complaint against the company .
Photo : STEVE CAMPBELL , CHRONICLE Photo : STEVE CAMPBELL , CHRONICLE Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Accounting case hits Halliburton 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A complaint by a former employee alleging Halliburton Co. used improper accounting to " distort the timing of billions of dollars in revenue " may soon create trouble for the oil - field - services giant .
This month the top accounting officer from Halliburton , which has dual headquarters in Houston and Dubai , will give a deposition about the company 's bookkeeping ahead of a September court hearing .
A congressional oversight committee , headed by Rep. Henry Waxman , D - Calif. , has also requested information on the case , attorneys said .
If Halliburton made errors , whether on purpose or by mistake , it could not only force the company to restate past earnings — it could also hurt investor confidence .
But Halliburton spokeswoman Cathy Mann said allegations of improper accounting are without merit .
That conclusion was reached after an internal investigation , a review by outside auditors and an inquiry by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission all turned up nothing , she said .
Separately , Halliburton expects to prevail if the employee complaint goes to trial , Mann said .
The complaint was originally filed in Dallas in May by Anthony Menendez under the whistle - blower protection provision of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act .
The former director of technical accounting research and training , who worked for the company from March 2005 to October 2006 , alleged he was forced from his job for calling attention to the company 's accounting problems .
In December , an appeal in his case landed in Administrative Law Judge Patrick Rosenow 's office in Covington , La .
" I blew the whistle and was retaliated against , " Menendez told the Chronicle .
He wants his old job back , provided the company addresses the accounting issues raised in the complaint .
After that , he hopes " we can all move forward . "
' Bill - and - hold ' issues
In the 54 - page complaint , Menendez takes aim at Halliburton for what he says are several accounting problems , but particularly its use of " bill - and - hold " transactions .
Broadly , these transactions refer to cases where a seller books revenue before a product is delivered to the customer , or during a time when the customer still has the option to cancel the sale .
For instance , Halliburton routinely recognized revenue from goods that were still parked , unassembled , in company warehouses , the complaint alleges .
But Menendez also blasts Halliburton for what he called a " terribly flawed " method for guiding employees through complex bill - and - hold transactions .
In Halliburton 's " bill - and - hold decision tree " — a copy of which is included in the complaint — employees are guided through a series of questions to determine when it 's appropriate to book revenues .
The system has " huge problems , " said Lawrence Brown , an accounting professor at Georgia State University , who reviewed the flowchart at the Chronicle 's request .
It omits many of the criteria needed to make a proper decision and is vague in other places , he said .
" Halliburton could have had a much clearer document , " Brown said .
Mann , however , said the diagram alone does n't reflect the company 's approach to bill - and - hold transactions .
" When combined with all other components , including our formal policies and procedures , our revenue recognition practices remain in full compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles , " she said .
Booking revenue from bill - and - hold transactions is not automatically improper , accounting experts said .
For instance , a customer may authorize the seller to hold a product for a period before it is delivered , the experts said .
But companies have misused the practice to inflate sales and earnings , they noted .
" You often see this when companies hit a slump , " said Randolph Beatty , dean of the Leventhal School of Accounting at the University of Southern California .
But Halliburton , the second - largest oil - field - services company behind Schlumberger , has benefited in recent years from a global boom in oil and natural gas exploration .
On Tuesday , the company 's stock price closed down 9 cents at $ 34.86 per share .
A closed case ?
At least one analyst who follows the company did n't sound the alarm bell when word of the complaint first appeared in a Bloomberg News column last month .
" Over time , we suppose , everything would even out — inventory used in service contracts would either be shipped and consumed , or the contracts would be modified / canceled , " Philip Adams , an analyst with Gimme Credit in New York , wrote in an investor note .
Mann said Halliburton received a letter from the SEC on April 30 , saying the agency had concluded its inquiry .
But Menendez said when he spoke with SEC investigators in April , they left the door open to exploring issues he raised and asked him to keep all documents related to the case .
SEC spokesman John Heine said the agency does not comment on an inquiry 's status .
brett.clanton@chron.com
White House spokesperson Dana Perino tries to explain Dick Cheney ’s bizarre assertion that he ’s not part of the Executive Branch :
Like this : Like Loading ...
Airbus is facing stiff competition from Boeing
Qatar Airways led the way , confirming an existing $ 16bn ( £ 8.1 bn ) order for 80 A350 Airbus planes and ordering three A380 super - jumbos for about $ 750m .
Meanwhile US Airways ordered $ 10bn worth of planes - 22 A350s , 60 A320s and ten of its A330 - 200 wide - body jets .
But Airbus 's main rival , Boeing , has announced a deal with General Electric ( GE ) at the show .
GE 's commercial aviation services made an order for six 777 Boeing freighters valued at about $ 1.4bn , for delivery in the last three months of 2008 .
Emirates deal
The deal between Qatar and Airbus - the commercial arm of European Aeronautic Defence and Space ( EADS ) - includes a $ 5.6 bn contract for Rolls Royce to make the A350 engines .
AIR SHOW DEALS Qatar Airways : 80 x Airbus A350s ; 3 x A380s - $ 16.75bn US Airways : 22 x A350s ; 60 x A320s ; 10 x A330 -200 wide - body jets - $ 10 bn Emirates : 8 x A380s - $ 2.5 bn General Electric : 6 x Boeing 777s - $ 1.42 bn Rolls Royce : deal to make A350 engines for Qatar Airways - $ 5.6bn Lufthansa : 30 x Embraer regional aircraft
And Dubai - based Emirates said it was buying eight more A380s , thought to be worth about $ 2.5 bn .
The announcement by Emirates brought the total number of A380s it has ordered to 55 .
But the airline said it was yet to decide on an order for A350 planes .
" For the A350 we have to make a decision in the next few months , " said Emirates group chairman Sheikh Ahmed Bin Saeed Al Maktoum .
Order battle
The show , a critical one for the industry , unites firms that make planes and equipment , as well as airlines and investors .
Airbus has invested heavily in its 555 - seater double - decker A380 , which has been beset with problems both in production and delivery .
Meanwhile Boeing 's Dreamliner , which is set to use 20 % less fuel than other planes of the same size , has been one of the US firm 's key successes .
Also on Monday , Brazilian plane firm Embraer sealed orders totalling around $ 1bn .
One deal was with Germany 's Lufthansa for 30 regional aircraft , while another was with Japan Airlines for 10 of its smaller 170 model .
Future Imperfect
Technology and Freedom in an Uncertain World
By
David D. Friedman
Webbed Version v1.0
This book is dedicated to
Eric Drexler
Tim May
Eric Raymond
Vernor Vinge
And all the other friends whose ideas I have shamelessly , but selectively , appropriated .
Table of Contents
Part One : Prologue
1 : Introduction
2 : Living with Change
Part Two : Privacy and Technology
3 : A World of Strong Privacy
4 : Information Processing : Threat or Menace ?
Or If Information is Property , Who Owns It ?
5 : Surveillance Technology : The Universal Panopticon
Part Three : Doing Business Online
6 : Ecash
7 : Contracts in Cyberspace
8 : Watermarks and Barbed Wire
9 : Reactionary Progress – Amateur Scholars and Open Source
10 : Intermission : What ’s a Meta Phor ?
Part Four : Crime and Control
11 : The Future of Computer Crime
12 : Law Enforcement × 2
Part Five : Biotechnologies
13 : Human Reproduction
14 : The More You Know …
15 : As Gods in the Garden
16 : Mind Drugs
Part Six : The Real Science Fiction
17 : The Last Lethal Disease
18 : Very Small Legos
19 : Dangerous Company
20 : All In Your Mind
21 : The Final Frontier
22 : Interesting Times
Bibliography
Note to Readers
Jonathan Chait of Common Dreams raises a good question : why do Republicans disagree with climate scientists more at a time when climate scientists are accruing new terrifying evidence that human activities are truly responsible for warming the atmosphere ?
Last year , the National Journal asked a group of Republican senators and House members : “ Do you think it ’s been proven beyond a reasonable doubt that the Earth is warming because of man-made problems ? ”
Of the respondents , 23 % said yes , 77 % said no . . .
So , the magazine asked the question again last month .
The results ?
Only 13 % of Republicans agreed that global warming has been proved .
As the evidence for global warming gets stronger , Republicans are actually getting more skeptical .
. . .
How did it get this way ?
The easy answer is that Republicans are just tools of the energy industry .
It ’s certainly true that many of them are .
. .
But the financial relationship does n’t quite explain the entirety of GOP skepticism on global warming .
For one thing , the energy industry has dramatically softened its opposition to global warming over the last year , even as Republicans have stiffened theirs .
The truth is more complicated — and more depressing : A small number of hard - core ideologues ( some , but not all , industry shills ) have led the thinking for the whole conservative movement . . . Conservatives defer to a tiny handful of renegade scientists who reject the overwhelming professional consensus .
In other words , the thinking process of most Republicans is worse than random .
How is it that more evidence for global warming makes Republicans less convinced ?
Chait ’s article suggests Republicans are merely being obstinate .
There is a deeper explanation , however , and it has to do with the multiple functions of language .
First , start with the assumption that denying global warming is bad science .
Start there , but do n’t end the inquiry there .
Continue the analysis by treating the denial of global warming as dogma .
Dogma wears two hats .
First of all , dogmatic words can convey literal meaning that often flies in the face of the evidence .
Consider religious dogma , for instance .
That Mary was a “ virgin ” is nonsensical ; it is even self - disproving .
So why say such a thing ?
The answer relates to dogma ’s second function : dogma facilitates bonding .
The assertion of group - approved - nonsense looks and sounds ridiculous to outsiders , but uttering it loudly in the presence of one ’s group proves one ’s loyalty to those insiders .
The more nonsensical the dogma is , the tighter the bond it is capable of generating among those willing to utter it .
Consider , for instance , the correlation of the absurdity of the dogma and the strength of bonding in Unitarians ( less absurd , less bonded ) and Mormons ( more absurd , more bonded ) .
Uttering officially - approved nonsense in front of one ’s group identifies one as a bona fide member of that group .
Uttering absurd things is a display that one desires to be a member of that group so incredibly much that one is willing to utter the sorts of things that will trigger social ridicule from learned outsiders .
It ’s a social version of the peacock ’s tail–a display much like the the types of things Darwin pointed out in his theory of sexual selection .
It ’s saying “ I am willing to pay the price of saying this idiotic thing in order to prove my loyalty to the group . ”
It ’s a group “ badge . ”
See here , here and here .
There are non-verbal versions of dogma too .
Letting one ’s pants droop to expose underwear can be a strong sign of group loyalty on the streets ; piercing sensitive parts of one ’s body facilitates bonding among the like - minded in high schools .
Therefore , uttering nonsensical dogma is not primarily about conveying the truth of the matter asserted .
Rather , it ’s about sending out a sonar signal in order to identify allies and enemies .
It is a herding mechanism .
This deep need to be accepted by a group is so deeply wired into humans that , in most people , it even overcomes the urge to follow evidence where it leads .
Unfortunately , the literal meaning of the dogma does n’t entirely dissipate .
Therefore , we have lots of Republicans who still refuse to act on the threat of global warming .
To summarize , Mary is a virgin , there are three person in one God , dead people continue to live and , of course , global warming is being dis - proved by new evidence that actually proves it .
Not really , of course .
None of these things is true .
But the utterance of such claims works as a powerful drug among those of us who intensely crave the comfort of a group ( interesting note : scientists appear to be less groupish , more independent , and thus less susceptible to dogmatic utterances ) .
Raising one ’s hand to swear allegiance to scientific nonsense is usually done in full view , but such it actually functions like a secret handshake .
If you want to feel the glow of acceptance by a big group of Republicans , all you ’ve got to do is say the magic phrase : “ Global Warming has not been proven . ”
Say it just often enough to piss off Democrats .
Do n’t say it too often or too loudly , or even the Republicans will think that you ’re wierd .
With those magic words denying global warming , you ’ll get smiles and pats on the back from total strangers who will buy you drinks and regale you with stories about how they outwitted stupid Democrats ; they ’ll laugh at your jokes and they ’ll tell you that you ’re smart .
As long as you keep uttering “ Global Warming is hype ” ( or “ Abortion is the same thing as murder ” or “ Government is incapable of doing anything other than wasting money ” ) , you ’ll continue to be invited to continue basking in the warmth of all those new friendships .
And as long as you bask in the warmth of all of those inanities , aggregate power will continue to accrue to the intellectually misguided group .
Bonding is powerful–it enables groups to accompish many things that its members , acting individually , could never accomplish .
Here ’s an experment that demonstrates what I ’m claiming .
Take a Republican off to the side and talk to him one - on - one .
Be cordial and non-threatening .
He ’ll eventually settle down and you ’ll find him somewhat reasonable on many topics .
Then allow him to wander back to his group of fellow Republicans and listen to the dogma start to fly again – the same guy who ( minutes ago ) was starting to make sense ( when it was just the two of you ) is now spouting nonsense like he ’s absolutely sure of himself .
The same thing happens to those many church - goers who pronounce virgin birth to be a certainty , but only while in the company of other church - goers .
On their own , they find the idea of virgin birth to be not interesting ( how can that be ? ) or even nonsensical .
I ’ve seen this over and over in my conversations with devout Christians , including several priests .
Over my lifetime , several priests have admitted to me that they are agnostics .
Yet when the lights come on and the curtain goes up , they hit that pulpit without a doubt in the world .
So , how do you get people to recognize what they are in a group trance ?
How do you get them to relax about the need to bond and to start following the evidence where it leads ?
I have n’t the faintest idea .
If you ’ve got any ideas , speak up now , so we wo n’t have to wait until 2008 . . .
A satellite image of China 's new nuclear ballistic missile submarine is available on the Google Earth Internet site .
A satellite image of China 's new ballistic missile submarine .
[ See DigitalGlobe images on Google . ]
FAS.org
Hans M. Kristensen , director of the Nuclear Information Project at the Federation of American Scientists ( FAS ) , spotted the images , photographed by the commercial Quickbird satellite in late 2006 .
One photo is of what is apparently the new Type 094 Jin-class SSBN at the Xiaopingdao base near Dalian , FAS reported .
This blog is about - Understanding the World .
Understanding its People .
Making sense of Life .
Living life to the full .
Experiencing the Thrill of Personal Growth & Transformation .
Embarking on a Journey to Discover Yourself .
Connecting with People .
Making a Difference .
UPDATE : Legal letters sent to me demanding I take this post down .
This morning I noticed someone snooping around my website after coming to the site with the search “ sky handling partners ” .
It has happened before .
Now for some background , I have had issues with this crowd losing my baggage .
See my Sky Handling Partners are … post .
Just before lunch I started getting email confirmations from dating sites , including gay ones saying my account for their site has now been created .
Seems someone was creating profiles saying I was looking to meet men and had rather interesting profile descriptions .
One of the emails disclosed the IP address where the person submitted the details from :
62.77.175.251
A quick reverse DNS shows that the IP allocation of this eircom customer is :
inetnum : 62.77.175.248 – 62.77.175.255
netname : CITYJETHLING
descr : City Jet Handling Dublin .
City Jet Handling is the former name of Sky Handling Partners .
Dun dun dun .
Now to be clear , it is not concrete yet that Sky Handling Partners rent this IP but according to the DNS details , it is them .
I will check from another source if this lot do not get back to me .
I contacted them before lunch and said I wanted to report abuse coming from that IP .
They took my phone number when I asked to speak to a manager .
They would not put me through to a manager as requested .
I heard nothing back by 15.55 so I called them back , spoke to a girl who did n’t know anything about this and wanted to take my details .
I strongly said I was not going to be called back , let me talk to a manager .
After much talking in the background I got put through to another woman who was aware of my complaint and said their IT person was investigating .
I asked how , since no details apart from my mobile number were ever taken .
They grudingly took details .
I really did n’t like the attitude .
I pointed out that signing up to dating websites using my details was fraud and I could happily call the Gardai and let them sort it out .
Quoting from Criminal Justice ( Theft and Fraud Offences ) Act , . 2001 to the lady seemed to make her take the matter seriously .
I also pointed out I felt that posting untrue details about me on at least 3 websites was not on , especially what was written and I said I felt I was libeled .
They took my phone number and said they ’d get back to me and again I did not like their noticeablely angry tone .
I said they had an hour .
It has now been an hour and they have not contacted me .
What do you think I should do next ?
( A link to this would be appreciated )
Update : Go here to DIGG this .
Further Update : Big thanks to my Irish Web hosting company – Blacknight who moved me to a new dual quad core server with lots of ram since the post hit the front page of DIGG .
Why take all the trouble to dye silk when silkworms can be genetically modified to spin any colour of the rainbow ?
That 's the goal of Japanese scientists who have genetically engineered silkworms to produce a specific colour , according to a study published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences Lead author Takashi Sakudoh , of the University of Tokyo , says understanding the pigment transport system of silkworms could " pave the way for genetic manipulation of the colour and pigment content of silk " .
For starters , the researchers have produced silkworms that make yellow silk .
But they say that in the future , the worms could be manipulated to produce flesh - coloured or reddish silk .
In nature , silkworm cocoon colours vary from white , yellow , straw , salmon , pink to green .
The colours in the silk are from natural pigments absorbed when the silkworms eat mulberry leaves .
And the genetics behind this ability to extract natural pigments is crucial , the scientists say .
For instance , a gene known as ' yellow blood ' or Y gene enables silkworms to extract carotenoids , yellow - coloured compounds , from mulberry leaves .
And worms that have a mutated Y gene , where a segment of DNA is deleted , cannot do this so produce white silk .
Insects with this mutation produce a non-functional form of the carotenoid - binding protein ( CBP ) , known to aid pigment uptake .
Using genetic engineering techniques , the researchers introduced pristine Y genes into the mutant insects .
The engineered worms produced working CBP and yellow - coloured cocoons .
The yellow colour became more vivid after rounds of crossbreeding , the researchers say .
Chroming is an expensive industrial process that requires resources that are beyond most of our time , budgets and attention spans .
But what if you could just spray a coat of chrome onto you favorite object ?
Now .
You .
Can .
Advertisement
Fantachrome , while not really chrome , is a spray - on , water - based paint that adds a layer of metal to your object of choice ( car , house , children ) and is said to look and feel just like chrome .
While the process requires prep work like washing the object in distilled water and laying proper base coats , Fantachrome will work on almost any material , including wood , metal , plaster , glass , plastic , fiberglass , ceramic , cement , polystyrene , clay and stone .
You can essentially chrome anything — like King Midas Fast and the Furious edition .
So if you could chrome anything , what would it be ?
I ''d chrome my Kitchen Aid mixer and fridge .
Then when some Sub - Zero owner came over I 'd be like , " You have a Sub - Zero ?
Never heard of it .
Ohh , that 's right .
Poor man 's chrome !
That 's what I call it generally . " [ fantachrome via redferret ]
In recent years , we ’ve heard a great deal about “ why they hate us ” and about why America is so bad .
What the critiques often miss is what is good and even great about America .
As an immigrant who grew up in Mumbai , India , I believe that the patriotism of Americans would be strengthened if people had a better understanding of why this country is unique .
In my book What ’s So Great About America , I ask :
Why do millions of immigrants seek every year to come to America ?
Why is the idea of America so fascinating and attractive to people — especially young people — around the world ?
Critics of America , both at home and abroad , have an easy explanation for why the American idea is so captivating and why immigrants want to come here .
The reason , they say , is that America represents “ the bitch goddess of success . ”
In this view , immigrants flock to the United States for the sole purpose of getting rich .
The critics hope to demean America by associating it with greed and selfishness .
Their explanation , however , is so partial that it amounts to a distortion .
It misses the deepest source of America ’s appeal .
There is enough truth in the critics ’ account to give it a surface plausibility .
Certainly America offers a degree of mobility and opportunity unavailable elsewhere , not even in Europe .
Even more significant , America gives a better life to the ordinary guy than does any other country .
Let ’s be honest : rich people live well everywhere .
America ’s greatness is that it has extended the benefits of affluence , traditionally available to the very few , to a large segment in society .
We live in a nation where “ poor ” people have TV sets and microwave ovens , where construction workers cheerfully spend $ 4 on a nonfat latte , where maids drive very nice cars , where plumbers take their families on vacation to the Caribbean .
Recently I asked an acquaintance in Bombay why he has been trying so hard to relocate to America .
He replied , “ I really want to move to a country where the poor people are fat . ”
The typical immigrant , who is used to the dilapidated infrastructure , mind - numbing inefficiency , and multi-layered corruption of Third World countries , arrives in America to discover , to his wonder and delight , that everything works : the roads are clean and paper - smooth , the highway signs are clear and accurate , the public toilets function properly , when you pick up the telephone you get a dial tone , you can even buy things from the store and then take them back .
The American supermarket is a thing to behold : endless aisles of every imaginable product , 50 different types of cereal , innumerable flavors of ice cream .
The place is full of unappreciated inventions : quilted toilet paper , fabric softener , cordless phones , disposable diapers , and roll - on luggage .
So , yes , in material terms America offers the newcomer a better life .
Still , the material allure of America does not capture the deepest source of its appeal .
Consider how my own life would have been different had I never come to America .
I was raised in a middle - class family in Mumbai .
I did n’t have luxuries , but I did n’t lack necessities .
Materially my life is better in the United States , but the real difference lies elsewhere .
Had I stayed in India , I would probably live my entire existence within a five - mile radius of where I was born .
I would undoubtedly have married a woman of my identical caste and religious and socioeconomic background .
I would have faced relentless pressure to become an engineer , like my father , or a doctor , like my grandfather .
My socialization would have been entirely within my own ethnic community .
I would have had a whole set of opinions that could be predicted in advance .
Because I came to America , though , I have seen my life break free of these traditional confines .
In college I became interested in literature and politics , and resolved to make a career as a writer , which is something you can do in America , and cannot easily do in India .
I married a woman of English , Scottish , French , and German ancestry .
Eventually I found myself working in the White House , even though I was not an American citizen .
I cannot imagine another country allowing a non-citizen to work in the inner citadel of its government .
In most of the world , even today , your identity and your fate are largely handed to you .
In America , by contrast , you get to write the script of your own life .
What to be , where to live , who to love , who to marry , what to believe , what religion to practice — these are all decisions that , in America , we make for ourselves .
Here we are the architects of our own fate .
The “ self - directed life ” is the incredibly powerful idea that is behind the worldwide appeal of the United States .
Young people throughout the world find irresistible the prospect of being in the driver ’s seat of their own destiny .
So , too , the immigrant discovers that America permits him to break free of the constraints that have held him captive , so that the future becomes a landscape of his own choosing .
The ( HL ) method ( the Hubbert Linearization term was coined by Stuart Staniford , with The Oil Drum ) is essentially based on the mathematical observation that a parabolic ( bell shaped ) curve can be plotted as a line , when we plot P/ Q versus Q , where P = annual production and Q = cumulative production to date .
The parabolic curve assumption is based on the premise that we tend to find the big fields first .
In essence , " Peak Oil " is the story of the rise and fall of the big fields .
The parabolic HL model suggests that the world and Saudi Arabia are both probably now in terminal decline .
While the overall world decline may be quite gradual , the impact on world oil exports will probably be very severe .
See the following article for more information on the HL method : Texas and US Lower 48 Oil Production as a Model for Saudi Arabia and the World
Note that if the Ghawar Field in Saudi Arabia is in long term decline , which I believe that it is , it is my understanding that every single field that has ever produced one million barrels per day ( mbpd ) or more of crude oil ( crude + condensate ) is now in decline .
Saudi Arabia has one field coming on line that might make one mbpd , although a lot of people have their doubts .
The only real confirmed one mbpd and larger field on the horizon is Kashagan , which probably wo n't break the one mbpd mark until 2020 at the earliest .
As many people know , Kenneth Deffeyes predicted , using the HL method , a world crude oil peak between 2004 and 2008 , most likely in 2005 .
( He observed that world production apparently peaked in 2000 , but he never backed away from his mathematical model that the probable peak was between 2004 and 2008 . )
In any case , in the above referenced Texas / Lower 48 article , we supported Deffeyes ' work , and we added the Texas model .
I observed that Texas peaked at a later stage of depletion than the Lower 48 .
Post - peak , Texas declined at a faster rate than the overall Lower 48 .
This was the basis of my warning a year ago that the world and Saudi Arabia were on the verge of a decline in crude oil production .
It may be a coincidence , but relative to monthly peaks in 2005 , world crude oil production is down more than one percent and Saudi crude oil production is down about 11 % ( EIA data , crude + condensate ) .
Note that the initial Lower 48 decline was quite gradual , less than 1 % per year for the first two years .
Also note that the world has the benefit of the non conventional tar sands production that was not a factor in the Lower 48 .
A key piece of data in support of an involuntary decline for the world and Saudi Arabia is the price of oil .
The average monthly Brent crude oil price in the 20 months prior to 5/05 was $ 38 per barrel .
The average monthly Brent crude oil price after 5/05 has been about $ 62 , within a range of $ 54 to $ 74 .
Again , we saw this pattern of higher oil prices and lower production in the Texas and the Lower 48 in the Seventies .
The Lower 48 peaked in 1970 .
Based only on production through 1970 , the Lower 48 was right at the 50 % of Qt mark in 1970 ( Qt is a mathematical estimate of URR for a region ) .
Russia peaked on a broad plateau centered on 1984 .
Based only on production through 1984 Russia was right at the 50 % of Qt mark in 1984 .
Russia made from just above 11 mbpd to just below 11 mbpd for five years on both sides of 1984 .
At my request , Khebab generated a post -1970 production profile for the Lower 48 and a post - 1984 production profile for Russia , using only production data through 1970 for the Lower 48 and through 1984 for Russia to generate the models .
The post -1970 cumulative Lower 48 production , through 2004 , was 99 % of what the model predicted it would be , see Figure One , Hubbert Linearization technique applied to the Lower - 48 .
Only the data between 1942 and 1970 ( green points ) are used to perform the fit ( red curve ) .
The post -1984 cumulative Russian production , through 2004 , was 95 % of what the model predicted it would be .
In other words , Russia was " underproduced " through 2004 , see Figure Two , Hubbert Linearization technique applied to Russia .
Only the data through 1984 ( green points ) are used to perform the fit ( red curve ) .
In 2006 , Russia " caught up " to where it should be .
Now , as Russia has approached the 100 % mark ( 100 % of what it should have produced based on the HL model ) , its year over year increase in production has been slowing appreciably , and since October , 2006 , the EIA has been showing basically flat production for Russia .
By the way , based on data through 1999 and 2005 respectively , both the North Sea and Mexico started declining right at their respective 50 % of Qt marks .
Now , a lot of claims that the HL method is inaccurate are based on a misuse of the method .
In most cases , we do n't get an accurate Qt estimate until we get a P/Q intercept in the 5 % to 10 % range .
For example , a lot of people use the UK as an example of where the HL method does n't work , but this is based on wildly improbable early P/Q intercept of 30 % .
A lot of the disbelief / denial about a World / Saudi peak is very similar to the reaction that we saw in the Lower 48 / Texas in the Seventies .
Probably 9 out of 10 Texas oilmen were shocked that Texas did n't show increasing production after the Texas RRC went to a 100 % allowable in 1972 .
But the bottom line is that we are using a fairly objective method that takes the two pieces data that we have the most confidence in , annual and cumulative production , to generate mathematical models .
And many large producing regions -- Texas ; Lower 48 ; Total US ; North Sea ; Russia and most recently Mexico and the world -- have shown production patterns that are consistent with the HL models .
All I can tell you is what the mathematical models are telling me .
In a nutshell , I think that the reserve situation is that bad , and I think that we are facing the near certainty of rapidly declining net export capacity worldwide .
While reasonable people can disagree on what the annual and monthly production data are telling us about our proximity to Peak Oil , in my opinion it is a virtual certainty that Peak Oil , from the point of view of importers , is here .
This virtual certainty is due to the absolutely lethal combination of flat to declining crude oil production in exporting countries and the ( sometimes rapidly ) rising domestic consumption in exporting countries , resulting in sometimes catastrophic declines in oil exports .
For example , based on EIA data , net total liquids exports by the UK dropped at an annual rate of 60 % per year from 2000 to 2005 .
The most common response I get to all of this is simply denial .
The reserve situation " ca n't be that bad . "
In effect , in my opinion the very lifeblood of the world industrial economy is draining away in front of our very eyes .
The only question is how fast the patient is bleeding to death .
Sorry to be the bearer of bad news , but you wuz warned .
Jeffrey Brown is an independent petroleum geologist in the Dallas , Texas area .
His e-mail address is
.
Get a 10 minute overview on how to sell your privately owned business by going to our website .
Just go to http://www.asgsocal.com
Johnny Jock
Is there any hope for business majors with no technical aptitude in the online entrepreneur world ?
Or would you say that things like the ability to program or send properly formatted email or even spell " slashdot " are an absolute must ?
Step 1 : Hide your jock past and total ignorance
Step 2 : Befriend a programmer
Web - company blogger :
We think it 's important that people not learn that most web - applications are free these days , because otherwise they wo n't pay us .
You : I think that 's a really great idea .
You guys are very inspirational .
If someone learned , for example , that most web - applications are free , they would n't pay you , and I think you 've shown quite well why that would be bad .
Step 3 : Bait - and - switch
Step 4 : Keep the programmer happy
Step 5 : You 're done !
asks : Sadly Johnny , the answer is yes , or maybe no , since you asked the question both ways : the four year degree you earned by watching movies , drinking , and " fooling around " with cheerleaders is n't going to get you anywhere when it comes to the internet .
All of us geeks remember guys like you , and we hated you and all the fun you were having , so we specifically designed the internet to keep you out .
However , if you 're really persistent , and if you introduce me to a few of those cheerleaders , I might be able to let you in on a little secret .
There 's a backdoor to the internet .
Here 's how you get in .
The first step in harnessing the power of the internet is not to let it know about your past .
This is not the place to brag about your bench press or how many times you 've " done it " - those things will only earn the wrathful scorn of the internet 's minions .
You 're going to need to re-invent yourself for a while .
You 're going to need a new persona .
Start by memorizing a few computer releated terms .
Learn what a gigahertz is , and how it 's used in battle against witches .
Learn the difference between JavaScript and PHP , and which you should take to cure a hang over .
Finally , memorize the names of as many design patterns as you can , starting with the Singleton pattern , the Factory pattern , and the Model - View - Control - Her pattern .
The second step is to find a programmer friend and ask then to help teach you .
If you do n't already have one , and you probably do n't , start posting agreeable opinions on needlessly polemic websites run by other web companies .
Just agree with whoever posted , saying more or less the same thing they said , but change the words around a little , like this :
Once you 've got a few people agreeing with you , get their email addresses and start making friends .
If this does n't work , move to silicon valley ( that 's in California ) and start hanging out in the bars .
If there 's one thing geeks like , it 's hanging out with other geeks and pretending they 're not geeks by doing their hanging in bars .
Look for the pale , unshaven guy sitting by himself but pretending he 's with the people next to him .
Sit down and mutter a few of your memorized programmer phrases , complain about your roommate , and you 'll have a friend in no time .
Now that you 've earned some geek - cred , start by telling your potential friend you 're thinking about learning how to program and that you 've got some books you 're going to read .
Whether you actually have the books is irrelevant - you 're only saying this to make your friend think he's not taking on a full - time project by helping you , and you would n't read the books if you had them .
Next , find a few web - tutorials and give them a try .
When you get confused and it does n't work ( and you will and it wo n't ) , email your friend and ask for help .
Repeat this a few times , and then start throwing in the occasional instant message to get help in real time .
After a few weeks of that , fly to wherever your friend lives for " business " and offer to meet for dinner .
Pick the most expensive restaurant and make sure you tell them you 'll pay as a thank you for all their helpful help .
If at any point during this process your programmer friend gets wise to your incredible ignorance , apologize for wasting his time and find a new friend .
Repeat the cycle until you can get someone - anyone - out to dinner .
When you finally do get your friend back out to dinner , start ordering drinks fast .
Make sure you 've had at least 3 rounds before the food comes , and make sure they do n't order anything big enough to absorb anything .
Now , when he or she is good and drunk , announce to your friend that you have a brilliant idea for a web company , and try to get them excited .
Next , declare that over the past few weeks and with their help you 've realized that you 're more of a " business " guy , with a head for people and profit , but not so much programming .
Get your friend to sign a contract for 40 % ( or even 30 % , depending on their liver ) of your new business 's shares in return for doing all the work .
Pick a name with no vowels , make sure the logo has a reflection in it , slap " beta " onto your homepage , and you 're ready to go .
The only way to keep this going long enough to get an actual application is to keep your friend happy , and unfortunately that 's going to cost time and money .
Invest heavily in alcohol and video games , and force your cool ( and cute ) friends to hang out with him .
Remember : the journey of a thousand miles did n't build rome in a day , and you 're here to say " freedom " to your enemies .
Congratulations !
You 're a business guy doing nothing , leaching off the brilliance and success of your web - able friend .
Welcome to the world of web entrepreneurship !
Tech Crunch will probably cover you soon .
Embotec has just revealed a new concept keyboard that breaks the mold of traditional typing devices , accepting the crush of our fingers with either a spring or rubber base .
Instead , the Magnet Keyboard levitates the keys from the board , and regulates the levitation through electromagnetism .
Advertisement
The advantage here is that the keyboard is able to measure multi- finger force and dynamically adjust the resistance .
And despite the necessary calculations , response times are supposed to fast enough for gamers and business folk alike .
There 's no word on price yet , but expect to see the keyboard this year .
We 'll be sure to buy one , douse it with holy water and send the levitating demon board back where it came from .
[ aving via ubergizmo ]
Spletni dnevniki in njihov demokratični potencial
Danes med ljudmi vlada občutek nemoči .
Pomembne odločitve , ki vplivajo na vsakdan vseh ljudi , se sprejemajo daleč proč od malega človeka .
Kreirajo se v visokih političnih vrhovih .
Mnoge raziskave kažejo , da prav zaradi ignorance politikov in posledično nepravih odločitev , sprejetih s strani le-teh , med ljudmi prevladuje zaničevanje politike .
Med ljudmi , na žalost predvsem med mladimi , vlada apatija in zelo nizka volilna udeležba .
Kategorija : Blog | Datum objave : Wednesday , 3 . 01 . 2007 | Avtor : Barbara Kvas , Domen Savič
Tehnologija , ki je danes vedno lažje dostopna širši množici ljudi , omogoča premostitev mostu , ki je dolgo časa nastajal med navadnimi ljudmi in političnimi odločevalci .
Vseeno se zdi , da navkljub široki ponudbi komunikacijskih kanalov , preko katerih lahko posameznik doseže javno sfero in posledično tudi vpliva na javno mnenje , večina posameznikov še vedno ostaja zaprta med štirimi stenami svojih stanovanj , v katera novice prihajajo le bodisi skozi televizijski ekran ali skozi zvočnik radia .
Elektronska demokracija ponuja novo možnost političnega sodelovanja .
Z elektronskimi orodji omogoča lažje in enostavno sodelovanje zainteresiranih državljanov v odločevalskih procesih .
Definirati fenomen elektronske demokracije ni enostavno , saj ni » jasnega in enoznačnega odgovora na vprašanje , kaj je elektronska demokracija « ( Oblak , 2003 : 135 ) .
Vseeno je nujno , v namen jasnosti članka , da določimo definicijo elektronske demokracije .
Steven Clift , priznani strokovnjak na tem področju trdi , da » E - demokracija predstavlja uporabo informacijskih in komunikacijskih tehnologij ( IKT ) in strategij znotraj političnih in vladnih procesov na lokalni , nacionalni in mednarodni ravni s strani demokratičnih akterjev , ki vključujejo vlado , izvoljene uradnike , medije , politične organizacije in državljane / volilce .
E- demokracija omogoča večjo aktivno participacijo državljanov , kar jim omogoča Internet , mobilna komunikacija in druge tehnologije .
E- demokracija predstavlja dodatek k današnji reprezentativni demokraciji in omogoča tudi več participacije državljanov v direktnih oblikah participacije « ( Steven Clift ’s E- Democracy Resource Links , 2006 ) .
Elektronska orodja so glede na možnost in raven participacije državljanov različna .
Elektronska orodja so e-dostop , spletno anketiranje , spletna peticija , spletni forum , politični spletni dnevniki , e-konzultacija , e-referendum in e-volitve .
Osredotočimo se na politične spletne dnevnike .
Politični spletni dnevniki predstavljajo novo možnost podajanja informacij , izobraževanja in dvosmernega komuniciranja med pisci in bralci .
Pisci političnih spletnih dnevnikov svoje bralce obve ščajo o novostih na področjih kjer delujejo , o svojih pogledih na določene politične teme in odpirajo teme , o katerih bi želeli debatirati .
Teme so različne .
Pisci političnih blogov se osredotočajo na določena policy področja , ki so jim najbližja in v okviru katerih tudi delujejo , kot so na primer sociala , šolstvo , zdravstvo itd .
Veliko političnih spletnih dnevnikov vznikne in živi , nekateri se obdržijo tudi izven tega časovnega parametra , le v času določene politične akcije , kot je čas predvolilne kampanje .
Tehnična oblika spletnih dnevnikov omogoča povezave do različnih spletnih strani in pa komentiranje , kar omogoča debato o temi , o kateri pisec govori , tudi bolj natančno .
Posamezni vnosi , oziroma besedila , so lahko različni .
Spodbujajo k delovanju , kar lahko privede tudi do kolektivnih akcij , so politično motivirani in s tem predstavljajo nagovarjanje , lahko tudi razlagajo in s tem predstavljajo izobraževalno noto .
Politične spletne dnevnike lahko gledamo z dveh smeri in sicer v smeri politiki - ljudje in v smeri ljudje - politiki .
Razmerje ni enakomerno razdeljeno , več se dogaja v smeri ljudje - politika .
Družboslovje ta moment poimenuje z državljanskih novinarstvom .
Ljudje , pisci spletnih dnevnikov , na svojih spletnih dnevnikih predstavljajo svoje misli , svoja mnenja ter predstavljajo dogodke , ki v main stream medijih ne dobijo svojega mesta .
Nekateri se poslužujejo tega medija za izražanje političnih mnenj in opozarjanje politikov na določene probleme , katere sami opazijo , mediji pa teh problemov ne opazijo ali pa ne želijo izpostavljati .
V svojih političnih spletnih dnevnikih komentirajo življenje okoli sebe , komentirajo delo politikov in javnih služb in tako predstavljajo iziv in tudi kritiko politikom , naj bo pozitivna ali negativna ..
Smer politika - ljudje predstavlja obratno sfero .
Razmerje v smeri ljudje - politiki predstavlja pisanje političnih spletnih dnevnikov s strani politikov .
Ti v svojih dnevnih , tedenskih ali kako drugače časovno definirano vnosih , zapisujejo svoje misli , opisujejo svoje delo , nagovarjajo bralce spletnega dnevnika in opisujejo dogajanja okoli sebe .
V tujini so politični spletni dnevniki politikov zelo razviti .
V tujini , predvsem v Združenih državah in tudi drugje v zahodni Evropi , je veliko politikov , ki vedo , da če bodo obdržali komunikacijo s svojimi volilci , bodo s tem obdržali tudi volilčeve glasove in s tem obdržali politično funkcijo na kateri so .
V Sloveniji se s pisanjem političnih spletnih dnevnikov ne ukvarja dosti politikov , politične spletne dnevnike piše le ena politična stranka ( LDS ) .
Spletni dnevnik piše nekaj članov te stranke .
Majda Širca je februarja za spletno stran E- demokracija.si povedala naslednje : Pravi dnevnik – v smislu rednega beleženja svojih stališč , mnenj , komentarjev , dogodkov , videnj etc…sem včasih poslala bolj redno ( pred volitvami , referendumom etc.. recimo ) .
Ker pa mi čas ne dopušča , se s svojimi razmišljanji pojavljam na spletu le takrat , ko so izstopajoči trenutki in dogodki .
Sicer pa v stranki poskušamo redno objavljati stališča in dogajanja .
Kaj sploh so spletni dnevniki ?
Blog je v svojem bistvu spletna stran , ki ima vsebine razdeljene po času nastanka teh vsebin .
Če se » običajne « spletne strani osredotočajo predvsem na razporejanje okvirjev s skupnim vsebinskim imenovalcem , pa se blogi ( ali po slovensko neposrečeno prevedeni spletni dnevniki ) držijo časovne ureditve prispevkov .
Blogi niso nova iznajdba , temveč so z nami od začetka spleta .
V njihovi prvi fazi so jih uporabljali predvsem programerji , ki so preko tega medija uporabnike svojih programov obveščali o izboljšavah ter napredku razvoja .
Primarni namen bloga je bil tako obve ščanje in svetovanje uporabnikom .
Druga faza , v kateri so se blogi zaradi razvoja do uporabnika prijazne programske opreme , brezplačne uporabe in splošne dostopnosti približali uporabnikom , ki niso bili vešči tehnologije , vseeno pa so želeli participirati , se začne na prelomu tisočletja .
Takrat se namreč na spletu pojavi
Blogger , ki postane ena najbolj priljubljenih spletnih strani , ki uporabnikom omogoča brezplačno odprtje spletnega dnevnika .
V Slovenijo blogi pridejo relativno pozno , nekje okrog leta 2003 .
Uporabljajo jih le redki tehnološki entuziasti , prisotna pa je tudi precejšna mera anonimnosti – kar je razumljivo .
Avtorji namreč pišejo predvsem prispevke osebne narave in uporabljajo ta novi medij kot avto-psihiatra .
Prvi slovenski blogerji odkrijejo bloge na internetu in sicer v tujini , saj domači mediji zelo skopo poročajo o tem novem načinu komuniciranja .
Prvi zapisi o blogih se v slovenskem medijskem prostoru pojavijo šele leta 2004 , ko revija Monitor objavi kratko novičko o obstoju porno bloga z imenom Fleshbot .
Prvi resen članek pa nastane šele leta 2005 , prav tako v reviji Monitor .
Ignoranca main - stream medijev pa ne pomeni , da se blogosfera ni širila ter razvijala .
Družba Technorati , ki se ukvarja z analizo blogosfere na svetovnem nivoju in v realnem času , spremlja o čem se v blogosferi največ govori in piše .
Že od leta 2003 bele ži konstaten porast blogov .
Še več , po analizah družbe Technorati se blogosfera podvoji vsakih pet mesecev .
Tako v času pisanja tega članka Technorati spremlja 50.1 milijonov blogov po celem svetu .
Tipizacija blogov nam pokaže izredno pestrost tem .
Če za potrebe te analize zanemarimo bloge , ki so predvsem osebne narave in v katerih je fokus na piscu bloga in se posvetimo blogom , ki so analitično - kritični ali pa žurnalistično - poročevalski , hitro ugotovimo , da na tem področju blogi izredno dobro konkurirajo main - stream množičnim medijem .
Bodisi da poročajo o krizi v Libanonu , z mobilnimi telefoni snemajo kratke filme o bežanju pred bombami ali sprehajanju po mrtvih ulicah ali pa s kritično distanco analizirajo trenutno stanje v ameriški vladi in poročajo o napakah in dobrih straneh aktualne administracije .
Vse to se dogaja s skoraj - svetlobno hitrostjo v realnem času in s pomočjo referiranja ostalih blogov doseže praktično ves svet .
Blogi tako predstavljajo edinstven komunikacijski kanal .
Dostopni so vsem , obstajajo popolnoma brezplačne različice programske opreme ( vse , kar uporabnik potrebuje , je dostop do spleta ) in informacije se širijo hitreje kot kadarkoli .
Blogi niso omejeni samo na besedila .
Obstajajo tudi slikovni ( photoblogs ) , zvočni ( audioblogs ) in video ( videoblogs ) spletni dnevniki , ki uporabljajo prednosti zvočnega in zvočno- video kanala za podajanje vsebin
Spletni dnevniki predstavljajo torej zelo dobro orodje komuniciranja političnih odločevalcev z državljani , kar s pridom uporablja vedno več politikov .
Margot Wallström , podpredsednica Komisije evropske unije že več kot leto dni piše o svojem delu v Evropskih uniji in potovanjih .
Na vsak prispevek , ki ga objavi , vedno komentira veliko število ljudi .
V maju je začel na pobudo Wallströmove svoj tedenski spletni dnevnik pisati tudi komisar za znanost in razvoj , dr. Janez Potočnik .
Komentarji so del vsakega zapisa v spletem dnevniku in omogočajo dvosmerno komunikacijo med pisci spletnih zapisov in bralcev le-teh .
Kritiki in večni pesimisti vidijo negativnost tudi v pisanju spletnih dnevnikov .
Trdijo , da je pisanje spletnih dnevnikov samo pridobivanje političnih točk .
Kar je v osnovi pravzaprav pravilna ugotovitev , vendar pa lahko gledamo na ta problem tudi s pozitivne strani .
Kaj je pravzaprav smisel politike ?
Kaj je smisel demokracije ?
Ali ni prav demokracija fenomen , ki deluje v prid ljudi ?
Politiki , ki komunicirajo s svojimi volilci , jih poslušajo in delujejo v skladu z njihovi željami , so torej tisti pravi politiki , ki delujejo v prid ljudem samim .
Prav pozitivnost , ki izhaja iz delovanja v skladu z željami ljudi , prinaša volilne točke .
Kratek vpogled v politične in tudi nepolitične spletne dnevnike v tujini nam bo prikazal kakšne možnosti predstavlja ta nov medij .
Poglejmo si dve področji – Združene države Amerike in Iran .
Geografsko , kulturo in tehnološko sta si državi zelo različni , hkrati pa imata potreben skupni imenovalec .
Obe namreč poznata bloge in sodelujeta v blogosferi .
Amerika je zibelka moderne tehnologije in ni presenečenje , da je ameriška blogosfera najbolj razvita od vseh nacionalnih blogosfer na svetu .
Eden od bolj znanih primerov mobilizacijske moči ameriške blogosfere je poslovni polom , ki ga je doživelo podjetje Kryptonite , potem ko so blogerji začeli objavljati informacije o tem , da je mogoče ključavnico za kolesa Evolution 2000 U - Lock odpreti s pomočjo kemičnega svinčnika .
Podjetje je glasove iz blogosfere ignoriralo in na koncu leta utrpelo finan čno izgubo v višini polovice letnega zaslužka .
Blogi so svoje zobe pokazali tudi v afganistansko - iraški vojaški operaciji ameriških sil , kjer so pisci blogov , predvsem vojaki , pripovedovali o izgubah zavezniških sil in postavljali na laž množične medije , ki so peli slavo ameriškemu vojaškemu stroju .
Dosegli so tako odmevnost in vplivnost , da ameriška vojska sedaj bloge vojaškega osebja , ki je na služenju v Iraku , skrbno spremlja ter opazuje kakšne so vsebine , ki jih vojaki objavljajo na svojih osebnih spletnih dnevnikih .
Svoboda izražanja in participacija v demokratičnih procesih , ki jo blogi omogočajo , se je v Ameriki pokazala tudi pri zadnjih volitvah za predsednika Združenih držav .
Ne samo , da so vsi trije glavni kandidati za predsednika uporabljali bloge kot način komuniciranja z volilci , temveč so tudi volilci uporabljali ta komunikacijski kanal kot sredstvo mobilizacije in oblikovanja gibanj , ki so pomagala predsedniškim kandidatom , komentirali so tudi potek njihovih kampanj .
Pomembni so bili zaradi vzdrževanja stika kandidatov z volilno bazo in tudi zaradi komuniciranja med volilci samimi na državnem nivoju ( Hall , 2006 : 51 ) .
Blogi so igrali pomembno vlogo tudi pri odstavitvi znanega voditelja Dana Ratherja , saj so bili prav blogerji tisti , ki so opozorili na vprašljivost dokumentov , s katerimi je Dan Rather dokazoval Bushev izostanek od služenja vojaškega roka .
Kot » peta veja oblasti « so blogi pokazali , da imajo ljudje sposobnost spreminjanje glavnih tem množičnih medijev ( Kline , Burstein , 2005 : 21 ) .
Iran je popolno nasprotje ameriške blogosfere .
Če ima v Ameriki že skoraj vsak državljan svoj spletni dnevnik , je v Iranu to rezervirano za pogumne upornike režima .
Če so v Združenih državah Amerike blogi samo še dodaten komunikacijski kanal , pa v Iranu predstavljaljo edini komunikacijski kanal , ki ni obremenjen s cenzuro vlade , ki ima enega najbolje razvitih sistemov nadzora spletnih vsebin na svetu in ki budno nadzira vsa mnenja , ki najdejo pot na medmrežje .
Na sploh igrajo blogi na bližnjem vzhodu , bodisi v Izraelu , Iranu ali Iraku , podobno vlogo kot partizanski tisk med drugo svetovno vojno .
Kritični do režima in pozorni na dogajanje v državi .
Primer je potres v Bamu leta 2003 , ko so iranske oblasti potres označile kot » božjo voljo « , blogerji pa so objavljali prispevke , v katerih so kritizirali vladno nesposobnost in počasno odzivnost v času nesreče ( Alavi , 2005 : 258 ) .
Tudi dojemanje Združenih držav Amerike , ki jo iranski voditelji označujejo z » velikim satanom « , se spremeni , ko iranski blogerji glasno ( in anonimno ) kritizirajo zunanjo politiko Irana ( Alavi , 2005 : 87 ) ter s tem izražajo mnenja , ki v družbi niso zaželjena in strogo kaznovana .
Med zadnjimi , ki so začeli s svojimi volilci komunicirati preko tega medija , je iranski predsednik Mahmood Ahmadinejad .
Zanimivo pri tem je , da je ravno
Iran ena izmed držav , ki se poleg Kitajske najbolj bojuje proti mnenjem , objavljenih na spletu in posveča prav posebno pozornost disidentskim blogom , ki komunicirajo s tujino .
Kakšno pa je stanje v Sloveniji ?
Spletni dnevniki v Sloveniji zaenkrat ubirajo bolj osebne note izražanja .
Če pogledamo aktualni spisek slovenskih blogov na spletni strani Si.blogs , jih med 259 blogi najdemo le nekaj , ki medij spletnih dnevnikov uporabljajo za politično participacijo in izražanje politično obarvanih mnenj .
Pri izboru spodnjih dnevnikov sva upoštevala splošno usmerjenost spletnega dnevnika , saj se po malem s politično participacijo ukvarjajo vsi , tukaj pa sva izpostavila tiste , ki se s participacijo ukvarjajo izključno .
Najboljši primer dobre prakse spletnega dnevnika , s katerim državljan aktivno sodeluje v odločevalskih procesih v svoji občini , je spletni dnevnik Mežica v besedi in fotkah .
V njem avtor , občan Mežice , opozarja na občinske probleme , predlaga rešitve in graja ter hvali odločitve vodilnih v občini .
Spletni dnevnik je zanimiv tudi zaradi dejstva , da med komentarji lahko zasledimo mnenja župana občine Mežica .
Ta dnevnik je v naboru portala Si.blogs hkrati edini , ki se v slovenskem prostoru ubada izključno z lokalno politiko .
Vsi ostali so namreč usmerjeni bolj globalno , s tem pa je posledično zmanjšana njihova moč vplivanja na oblikovalce mnenj .
Kvaliteten politično obarvan spletni dnevnik je tudi Čuk Express , na katerem avtor s karikaturami in satirično - obarvanimi prispevki kritizira in podaja svoja mnenja o aktualnih lokalnih ter globalnih problemih .
Mnenja so natančno predstavljena , hkrati pa avtor vedno poda svoje pomisleke glede apliciranih rešitev in predlaga svoje rešitve .
Libertarec , blog , ki predstavlja enega boljših politično - teoretičnih blogov pri nas , interpretira dogodke skozi prizmo libertarne teorije .
Zanimiv je zaradi pogovorov v komentarjih , saj se bralci z avtorjem neprestano spuščajo v konstruktivne pa tudi nekonstruktivne debate .
E-demokracija.si predstavlja znanstveno - novičarski spletni dnevnik , ki se osredotoča predvsem na problem implementacije e-demokracije v odločevalskih procesih .
Ponuja primere uspešnih praks iz tujine , primerjavo s slovensko situacijo in predloge izboljšav na lokalnem in državnem nivoju .
Ljudi spodbuja k političnem delovanju in izražanju mnenj .
Če pogledamo celotno število slovenskih spletnih dnevnikov , lahko hitro ugotovimo , da je političnih dnevnikov zelo malo .
To lahko pripišemo politični pasivnosti in apatiji ter neizobraženosti na področju spletnih storitev .
V Sloveniji so spletni dnevniki še vedno obravnavani kot del alternativne kulture , pri čemer ima pojem alternativna izrazito negativen predznak .
Ko se bo enkrat to spremenilo in bodo spletni dnevniki našli svoje mestu tako med stroko kot tudi v strokovni literaturi , pa lahko pričakujemo še bolj razširjeno uporabo in predvsem bolj pestre načine uporabe .
Tako kot že velikokrat , se mora Slovenija torej še veliko naučiti , iz uspešnih primerov implementacije različnih novih komunikacijko - tehnoloških orodij za izboljšanje splošnih političnih razmer , iz tujine .
Spletni dnevniki predstavljajo eno izmed teh orodij in možnosti uporabe so neznanske .
Do takrat pa bodo spletni dnevniki v Sloveniji služili bolj kot osebno komunikacijsko orodje posameznika , ki z njim razrešuje notranje probleme oziroma preko spletnega dnevnika komunicira s prijatelji .
Viri in literatura :
N. Alavi , 2005 , We are Iran – the persian blogs , Soft Skull Press , New York
R. S. Hall , 2006 , The blog ahead , Morgan James , New York
D. Kline in D. Burstein , 2005 , Blog ! , CDS Books , New York
T. Oblak , 2003 , Izzivi e-demokracije , FDV , Ljubljana
S. Splichal , 1997 , Javno mnenje , FDV , Ljubljana
Spletni viri :
S. Clift , E - Democracy Resource Links .
Sneto dne 5.5.2006 s http://www.publicus.net/articles/edemresources.html
There is debate about the age of the Cerne Abbas Giant
Aerial footage
A doughnut - brandishing Homer Simpson was painted next to the giant on the hill above Cerne Abbas , Dorset , to promote the new Simpsons film .
Many believe the ancient chalk outline of the naked , sexually aroused giant to be a symbol of ancient spirituality .
Many couples also believe the 180ft carving aids fertility .
I 'm amazed they got permission to do something so ridiculous
Ann Bryn- Evans
Pagan Federation
The painted Simpsons character has been painted with water - based biodegradable paint which will wash away as soon as it rains .
Ann Bryn- Evans , joint Wessex district manager for The Pagan Federation , said : " We were hoping for some dry weather but I think I have changed my mind .
" We 'll be doing some rain magic to bring the rain and wash it away . "
She added : " I 'm amazed they got permission to do something so ridiculous .
It 's an area of scientific interest . "
' Different and unusual '
It is not the first time the giant has been used to advertise products .
He has been used to promote items as diverse as condoms , jeans and bicycles .
Mike Webb , landlord of the New Inn in Cerne Abbas , said his staff were amused by the temporary addition to the village .
" I think it is different and unusual , " he said .
" We 've not heard any complaints here so far , but I 'm not sure many of the local people will know who Homer Simpson is . "
During World War II , the Cerne giant was disguised to prevent the Germans from using him as an aerial landmark .
Since then he has always been visible , receiving regular grass trimming and a full re-chalking every 25 years .
There is debate among experts about when the giant was created varying from thousands of years ago to as recently as the 17th Century .
QR Code Link to This Post
Remember who started this .
The tiny notes with the vulgar threatening language and the disappearance of my glasses did n't do much to win me over .
In the end though it has been the continued theft of the spices from the rack set atop my kitchen counter that has closed my heart to your breed .
You are a greedy and wasteful race .
No one needs that much Thyme --- certainly no man--- and without doubt not even your entire colony could possibly burn through it at the rate it has vanished from its rightful place among my other spices .
I wake to see you merrily dancing at the foot of my bed , sliding from the sheets draped over my feet .
I kick , but it is all a game to you .
And for all the sleep you have cost me these past few dreadful months , I swear I will one day feast on your still beating black hearts mixed into a stew with the last bottle of Thyme I will ever find need to buy .
This is not a warning .
by BENEDICT BROGAN
Last updated at 22:47 12 July 2007
Gordon Brown was braced for a confrontation with Russia that could turn into the first major diplomatic test of his premiership .
He is drawing up a plan for punitive sanctions if the Kremlin refuses to hand over the chief suspect in the murder in London of former spy Alexander Litvinenko .
A Commons statement early next week is expected to trigger a dramatic worsening in relations between London and Moscow .
British officials tried to play down the prospect of a row but it is understood that the Prime Minister has taken charge of an increasingly - sensitive dossier .
In an echo of the tensions that dominated the Cold War , the Foreign Office is drawing up a range of options including plans to expel a number of Russian diplomats based in London .
That would be seen as a major provocation by Moscow and amount to a substantial escalation of a row that has been simmering for months
The last time Russian diplomats were expelled was in 1996 when nine were ordered out in retaliation for the expulsion of four Britons accused of spying .
Although Mr Brown has taken calls from a number of world leaders since he took office a fortnight ago , he has not spoken to Russian president Vladimir Putin .
Neither , it is understood , has Foreign Secretary David Miliband spoken to his counterpart Sergei Lavrov .
Mr Putin is seething over Britain 's attempts to extradite Mr Lugovoy , who has been charged with poisoning Mr Litvinenko with radioactive polonium .
Moscow has rejected the charges and claims Russia 's constitution does not allow the extradition of its own nationals .
Some diplomats fear that Mr Brown will lose a test of wills .
Mr Putin shows no signs of backing down and sees no need to placate the British .
There are also fears that a dispute over the Litvinenko case could damage Britain 's economic interests in Russia at a time when other western countries led by the United States and Germany appear to be improving their relations with the Kremlin .
Mr Putin 's allies made no attempt to disguise their contempt for the UK government and threatened to hit back in kind .
Although the Litvinenko case is at the heart of the dispute , Britain also has concerns about what some observers say is the steady erosion of democracy in Russia .
Whitehall is also worried by the attempts of the Putin government to tear up lucrative gas and oil contracts agreed with major western companies such as BP .
Mr Brown 's spokesman said : " We want to have a constructive relaorderingtionship with Russia .
" We want to work with them in relation to Iran and Kosovo but in relation to this issue we are disappointed with their response .
This is a serious matter . "
Mr Litvinenko , a former KGB spy turned Russian dissident , met Mr Lugovoy , one of Mr Putin 's former bodyguards , in a London hotel in November last year .
He fell ill and was later diagnosed with polonium poisoning .
On his deathbed he accused Mr Putin of his murder .
In May , the Crown Prosecution Service named Mr Lugovoy as the chief suspect .
He told Radio Five LIve that he was not scared of a trial but did not think he would receive a fair hearing in Britain .
" I consider this an insult to all of Russia , " he said .
" Maybe they think we are aborigines running around Moscow with spears .
Moscow is a civilised city .
" The British media have ensured a fair trial in Britain is now impossible .
" Britain is today a state that has gathered on its territory , scum , swindlers and terrorists . "
In an earlier interview with a Russian news agency , he said : " My opinion is that the UK authorities ' turbulent reaction to the Russian Prosecutor General office 's refusal to extradite me is not aimed at finding the true culprits in Litvinenko 's death .
" Rather , its goal is to distract domestic attention from the not very professional work of the UK 's detectives in this case .
" I 'm afraid of a prejudiced trial where long ago - since last autumn - the British media has distributed all the roles : killers , bad guys , good guys . "
Home of theTitans
Become a friend of the UCD Titan Arums on Facebook !
Photos are posted on our Facebook page , see below , so you can see some of the progress of the " flowers " various stages including senescense ( determined and programmed cellular deterioration ) .
In case you 're wondering , drop in visits are free .
See our maps page link above for directions and parking suggestions and the side bar for our public hours .
Stay tuned by liking our Titan Arums page on Facebook !
Want to see some pictures from previous years blooms of the Titan Arums here at UC Davis ?
Go to Ernesto's Flickr collections of Titan Blooms and more !
Click here to see plant pictures from in and around the UC Davis Botanical Conservatory !
We had two Titan blooms in 2009 about a week apart in Mid May
SEE THE PHOTOS OF TED who bloomed on May 4 , 2009
Almost a week after Ted bloomed , a new titan dubbed " Phyllis " bloomed for the very first time .
Phyllis is the offspring ( via vegetative propagule ) of Tabatha , which died in 2004 .
SEE THE PHOTOS OF PHYLLIS
Amorphophallus titanum
Amorphophallus titanum , or the titan arum , was discovered by the Italian botanist Odoardo Beccari in 1878 on the island of Sumatra in Indonesia .
A specimen was shipped to the Royal Botanical Gardens in England , where the plant was displayed and bloomed for the first time in cultivation in 1889 .
It may take 15 years for the titan arum to become large enough to bloom , and it is especially rare to see in cultivation .
These floral giants have been coaxed into flower only about 100 times around the world , including 7 times here at the UC Davis Botanical Conservatory as of June 2011 .
It 's not a flower — it 's a flower holder !
The frilly “ petal ” of the titan arum is a funnel - shaped leaf called a spathe .
The spike that comes up from the center of the spathe is known as a spadix .
This spadix produces several hundred tiny flowers , both male and female , way down near the narrow base where it joins the spathe .
For the first several hours after the spathe opens up , the spadix puts out the strong scent of a dead animal that attracts flies and carrion beetles for pollination .
This is the time when the female flowers are ready to receive pollen .
The following day , the odor starts to fade as the female flowers become less receptive , and the male flowers begin to ripen with pollen .
This difference in timing between the two types of flowers helps prevent self - pollination , and promotes cross pollination with other titan arums .
Flowering of the plant generally occurs every other year , alternating with the production of a single gigantic leaf .
life stages of Amorphophallus titanum
History of the Titans at UC Davis
1995 — A donation of Amorphophallus titanum seed is received
2003 — “ Ted the Titan ” blooms for the first time
2004 — “ Tabatha the Titan ” blooms
2005 — “ Ted the Titan ” blooms for the second time
( exhibited at the Conservatory of Flowers in San Francisco )
2007 — “ Ted the Titan ” blooms for the third time
2009 — “ Ted the Titan ” blooms for the fourth time !
2009 — “ Phyllis ” blooms for the first time !
( Clone of Tabatha )
2011 — " Ted the Titan " blooms for the fifth time
2012 — " Tammy the Titan " blooms for the first time early June
The most vulnerable point and the most spectacular target in the Saudi oil system is the Abqaiq complex — the world 's largest oil - processing facility , which sits about twenty - four miles inland from the northern end of the Gulf of Bahrain .
All petroleum originating in the south is pumped to Abqaiq for processing .
For the first two months after a moderate to severe attack on Abqaiq , production there would slow from an average of 6.8 million barrels a day to one million barrels , a loss equivalent to one third of America 's daily consumption of crude oil .
For seven months following the attack , daily production would remain as much as four million barrels below normal — a reduction roughly equal to what all of the opec partners were able to effect during their 1973 embargo .
Oil is pumped from Abqaiq to loading terminals at Ras Tanura and Ju'aymah , both on Saudi Arabia 's east coast .
Ras Tanura moves only slightly more oil than Ju'aymah does ( 4.5 million barrels per day as opposed to 4.3 million barrels ) , but it offers a greater variety of targets and more avenues of attack .
Nearly all of Ras Tanura 's export oil is handled by an offshore facility known as The Sea Island , and the facility 's Platform No. 4 handles half of that .
A commando attack on Platform 4 by surface boat or even by a Kilo - class submarine — available in the global arms bazaar — would be devastating .
Such an attack would also be easy , as was made abundantly clear in 2000 by the attack on the USS Cole , carried out with lethal effectiveness by suicide bombers piloting nothing more than a Zodiac loaded with plastic explosives .
Another point of vulnerability is Pump Station No. 1 , the station closest to Abqaiq , which sends oil uphill , into the Aramah Mountains , so that it can begin its long journey across the peninsula to the Red Sea port of Yanbu .
If Pump No. 1 were taken out , the 900,000 barrels of Arabian light and superlight crude that are pumped daily to Yanbu would suddenly stop arriving , and Yanbu would be out of business .
Even the short pipe run from Abqaiq to the Gulf terminals at Ju'aymah and Ras Tanura is not without opportunity .
If heavy damage were inflicted on the Qatif Junction manifold complex , which directs the flow of oil for all of eastern Saudi Arabia , the flow would be stopped for months .
The pipes that connect the terminals and processing facilities can be replaced off the shelf , but those at Qatif require custom fabrication .
Promoters of Alaskan , Mexican Gulf , Caspian , and Siberian oil all like to point out that the United States has been weaning itself from Saudi Arabian oil , for protection against the effects of just such an attack on the Saudi oil system .
Saudi Arabia may sit on 25 percent of the world 's known oil reserves , they argue , but it provides somewhere around 18 percent of the crude oil consumed by the United States — and that is down from 28 percent in only a decade .
What these people fail to mention is that Saudi Arabia has the world 's only important surplus production capacity — two million barrels a day .
This keeps the world market liquid .
Not only that , but because the Saudis more or less determine the price of oil globally by deciding how much oil to produce , even countries that do n't buy Saudi oil would be vulnerable if the flow of that oil were disrupted .
The Brown Derby closed several years ago , but if I could lay my hands on that house - sized hat , I 'd give it a tip for Harry Reid .
Let me start with the confessions .
First , I have not always held tight to my pom-poms .
More than once in the last six months , I 've said some ... not all that supportive things about Senator Reid and his ability to move things through the " collegial " axle grease of the Senate .
A big part of this was frustration at seeing all that " first hundred hours " legislation come rocketing through the House , only to enter a Senatorial time warp .
A bigger part of that was the failure to keep popping that same vetoed Iraq bill back onto Bush 's desk until either sweet reason prevailed or Bush 's fingers got too tired to scrawl his ' X . '
The biggest reason of all was a deep personal need to see Mitch McConnell face down in the mud while Senator Reid does a Riverdance clog on his back ( Oh , and Bill O ?
That there is one of them met - a- phors ) .
Forget that .
My past criticisms arguably makes me little more than a fair weather friend , but I see a lot of blue skies today , and I see one tough senator standing out in the sunshine .
I 'm damned impressed with Senator Reid .
The media may want to turn the lede on the overnight attempt to break the Republican filibuster into a failure .
That does n't make it so .
No matter how dismissive the media may be about event , what really happened is embedded in every story .
Republicans on Wednesday blocked a proposal calling for most U.S. troops to be out of Iraq by next spring .
That 's the story in a nutshell .
Democrats are working to extract American troops from this mess -- a position favored by a wide majority of the public .
Republicans are busy throwing out roadblocks -- a position designed to please the most rabid of the radical right .
Oddly enough , my favorite of all headlines following the vote was the one from Fox News , " GOP Torpedoes Iraq Troop Pullout Plan . "
That 's a message I do n't mind seeing repeated .
Even more important than the vote , Senator Reid has shown that Democrats are not about to back away from this issue .
After the vote , Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada said the long debate had not been for naught .
" We spent two days showing America that we 're not going to back down , that we 're going to continue to fight , that if President Bush and his allies continue to refuse to budge , we will continue to show them the way , " Reid said .
Best of all , following the Republican filibuster , Senator Reid shelved the underlying defense policy bill , a move that immediately sent McConnell into entertaining apoplexy .
Between now and September , while US forces are sweating in Baghdad and the Iraqi parliament is vacationing out of town , I 'm hopeful that Senator Reid will continue to push the issue of withdrawal , and continue to sit on the spending bill .
With none of the spending in the bill designed to go into effect until October , the effect of holding the bill back is exactly zero -- no matter how many spittle - laden syllables the right wing media machine produces on the subject .
If I 'm going to continue to speak my mind about Democratic leaders when I disagree with their actions -- and I am -- then they also deserve a cheer when they 've made the right move .
There 's little doubt in my mind that Harry Reid 's actions this week deserve three cheers .
On purely " doing the right thing " grounds , Democrats in the Senate did the right thing .
On political grounds ... hey , Senator McConnell , is that a clogging tune I hear ?
A U.S. army report made public Monday said it was friendly fire that killed a Canadian soldier and an American soldier in Afghanistan in March 2006 .
The report was released to the Associated Press through a Freedom of Information Act request .
It said Pte. Robert Costall , a 22 - year - old Edmonton - based soldier , was shot from behind by U.S. special forces .
Theywere firing a machine gun from an armyoutpost during a nighttime battle with Taliban insurgents in the Helmand province .
Sgt. John Thomas Stone of the Vermont National Guard was shot once in the back and once in the head by machine - gun rounds as he crouched behind a wall during the same battle , the report said .
Other coalition soldiers were injured in the battle .
Costall 's wounded comrades had raised the possibility of friendly fire being to blame .
The U.S. and Canadian army have been probing the incident .
The report obtained by the Associated Press is based on a collection of witness statements assembled by U.S. investigators .
Special forces soldiers gave their accounts of the March 29 battle , but the report does not include statements from Canadians at the scene , or the soldier who was manning the M240 machine - gun that allegedly killed Costall and Stone .
One witness , asergeant , recalled how aspecial forces security unit inone corner began shootingtoward the perimeter of the battle .
" I immediately realized the [special forces ] was shooting at the Canadian position , " the sergeant , identified only as Witness 1 , said in the report .
He said he whistled to signal the special forces soldiers to stop firing .
" The [ special forces ] security then turned his weapon 100 to 140 degrees from its original position and began firing in the direction of the American ETT compound , " the witness said , referring to the location where Stone was hit .
The report does not indicate if anyone was disciplined .
Expected an attack
Costall 's platoon — the 1st Battalion Princess Patricia 's Canadian Light Infantry — was rushed in to the outpost on March 29 to reinforce the Americans stationed there .
Soldiers expected the base to be attacked in retaliation foran earlycoalition attack on Taliban fighters in the area .
Costall , a machine - gunner , was born in Thunder Bay , Ont. , and grew up in Gibsons , B.C .
In February 2006 , he celebrated his son's first birthday and then shipped off to Afghanistan the next day .
Sixty - one Canadians have been killed in Afghanistan since the mission began in 2002 .
Found : 17 pairs of socks , not all match .
Roger and Catherine Dellor ’s cats – Cleo and Tony – have been bringing them presents : someone else ’s socks .
“ At first , it was just one or two , ” said Roger Dellor .
“ Now , they are arriving every day . ”
The Los Altos couple thought they could return the socks to the proper laundry basket after making a plea in fliers they put in neighbors ’ mailboxes .
“ Neighbor , are you losing socks ? ” the flier asked .
No one has stepped forward so far , but the Dellors think they know where at least some of the socks are coming from .
One of their neighbors , for reasons unknown , has a bag of socks in his driveway of the cul - de- sac neighborhood where the Dellors say it is safe to let their cats out .
“ I saw a bag of underwear , too , ” Roger Dellor said .
“ I just hope the cats do n’t decide to bring home the underwear . ”
The neighbor , reached by phone , declined to comment .
Cleo and Tony are n’t the first cat bandits in the Silicon Valley .
A few years ago , Julie Soule ’s cat , Oscar , became known as the Los Gatos Cat Burglar .
Oscar had an impressive cache : tennis balls , an entire roll of toilet paper , a Nerf football and a satin pillowcase .
Soule tracked down some of the owners , and neighbors soon learned where to look when items went missing from their porches or patios .
The pile of socks may not be as interesting as the Los Gatos take , but the selection is intriguing .
There ’s basic white athletic socks with gray re-enforced toes and heels , and there ’s brown socks and navy socks , like the ones men wear to work .
Some of them are stained because the cats apparently dragged them through the grass .
“ I saw Cleo the other morning with one in her mouth , ” Catherine Dellor said .
“ She was growling like it was a mouse . ”
Missing a sock ?
E-mail the couple at cleo@dellor.com .
Contact Linda Goldston at lgoldston@mercurynews.com or ( 408 ) 920-5862 .
Radical Creativity : Where Big Business Meets the Greater Good
The interests of big business are not necessarily at odds with those of the greater good .
We tend to think they are .
Advocates on both sides often act as though they are .
But if we are to make any progress against the many great social injustices plaguing this world , we need to think about things differently .
We need to understand that big business is not the enemy but rather one of the most important keys to a more humane and sustainable 21st century .
This argument is n't new , but it 's often quickly dismissed for the ( seeming , I 'll argue ) impracticality and sheer magnitude of the execution .
Seriously , say the doubters , how can we get big business to focus on anything but profits ?
How can we penetrate through layers and layers of corporate and governmental corruption to actually do some good ?
And how can we possible align interests and resources across nations , corporations , non-profits , charities and everyone else under the sun ?
You know what ?
Maybe we can't .
And I do n't think that matters as much as we think it does .
The trouble with these questions is that they distract us from actually doing anything .
They 're so big and so daunting that they overwhelm us into inaction and automatically shut down our creativity , making it very easy for us to shrug our shoulders and feel helpless .
They also treat these problems as purely institutional , which also breeds a sense of individual helplessness .
So here 's what I propose :
What if we stopped focusing so much on seemingly insurmountable problems and started looking for opportunities instead ?
What if we just got radically creative with what 's in front of us .
Here 's where big business comes in , and I do mean big business specifically , because of one thing : infrastructure .
Large , multi-national corporations have built well - developed distribution channels to transport their products all over the world .
Think about the ubiquity of Coca Cola .
From sub -Saharan Africa to southeast Asia , northern Canada to southern Chile , you can buy a Coke almost anywhere .
Imagine a group of nations or charities trying to accomplish a network of that size and efficiency !
And now imagine how many big businesses already have .
Can you see the potential here ?
The infrastructure is there .
It 's not perfect , but it 's there .
If we can get Coca Cola to the poorest , most desperate places on earth , why can't we leverage those same ( already built ! ) distribution channels for medicine , textbooks , clean water filters , you name it ?
We could conceivably construct a world where access to Coke means access to a better life .
Enter a scrappy nonprofit called
ColaLife
.
Years ago , while traveling through an isolated area of Zambia where 1 in 5 children dies before the age of 5 , ColaLife founder Simon Berry was struck by the wide availability of Coca Cola and saw an opportunity .
The
AidPod
, a wedge - shaped container that fits between bottles in a crate and can carry medicine , condoms , oral rehydration tablets and other live - saving treatments , is now being prototyped .
Berry is working with Coca Cola and stakeholders in Zambia on a pilot plan to being distributing the first AidPods , mother 's kits to help prevent child dehydration .
They are using Coca Cola 's distribution network , but this is all happening at no cost to Coca Cola itself .
You can read more about the pilot plan
here
.
It 's inspiring how Berry has managed to collaborate with one of the world 's largest companies , local distributors , government officials and other stakeholders in Zambia and a huge network of volunteers to impact real change .
And he did it , not by trying to change broken institutions but by leveraging systems that were already in place in a radically new way .
That is radical creativity - taking honest stock of the situation and looking for opportunities where others see roadblocks , or nothing at all .
Radical creativity is the intersection of big business and the greater good .
Institutionalized approaches are troublesome and complicated .
On the other hand , if you see the world through radically creative eyes , you can start doing something right now , without worrying about how to address all the institutional problems .
That 's not to say that fixing those problems is n't important , but you might have to wait a long time for them to change .
In the meantime , there 's work to be done .
ColaLife is just one example of radical creativity .
Have you heard of
Interface
, the global leader in sustainable carpet manufacturing ?
How about
Vestergaard Frandsen
, creators of
LifeStraw
and a host of other life - saving products ?
Their business model of profiting from global carbon credit markets is arguably imperfect , but on the other hand , ColaLife found a silver lining in the distribution of what is essentially caramel - colored sugar - water .
Imperfection is kind of the point .
If we wait until we find the perfect solution to all the world 's problems , we 'll never accomplish anything .
What makes ColaLife and Vestergaard Frandsen so radically creative - and effective !
- is that they did n't wait .
They saw an opportunity and pursued it , imperfections and all .
What are your examples of radical creativity ?
I 'd love to hear about them in the comments .
Robin Cangie is a writer , thinker and digital geek who likes to wonder about things .
She writes about 21st century business , sustainability and whatever is on her mind on her blog ,
robinoula.com
.
She tweets as
@robinoula
.
jQuery and Jack Slocum’s Ext
Posted on by
Today , weâ€™re proud to announce that the jQuery Project and Jack Slocumâ€™s Ext Project , have partnered to integrate the amazingly lightweight and powerful jQuery framework with Extâ€™s awesome UI library .
This collaboration will greatly enhance the capabilities of both projects and expand the functionality available to developers using the jQuery JavaScript Library and the Ext UI component suite .
Specifically , the upcoming Ext 1.0 release will be able to run , natively , on the jQuery JavaScript Library .
No other libraries will be required .
The jQuery and Ext teams are actively working together to bring this integration to the Ext codebase .
Here ’s some possible questions and answers ( feel free to post any others that you have in the comments ) :
What prompted the collaboration ?
Ext has some fantastic components – arguably , the best on the web .
jQuery has all the core functionality to support what Ext has .
The jQuery team contacted Jack Slocum with the hopes that we could work together to add jQuery support to the Ext library , and Jack whole - heartedly agreed .
It ’s a win - win situation : jQuery gets some awesome components , Ext gets a huge influx of new users .
What are the benefits for jQuery and Ext users ?
j Query users gain a huge number of expertly - designed components that they will be able to deploy immediately .
Additionally , they ’ll be able to use them in a manner that better suits the jQuery philosophy ( e.g. being able to call Ext queries on sets of elements , chaining calls , leveraging jQuery ’s support for true unobtrusive DOM scripting etc . )
At the same time , existing Ext users will gain the flexibility of being able to continue to use Extâ€™s professional - caliber components while leveraging the lightweight , small ( ~19 k ) and powerful jQuery framework .
How will the two teams work together ?
After the first beta release of Ext 1.0 , jQuery will be providing a
strike team which will work to iron out all the integration points in Ext .
At the same time , Jack will be working to isolate all the remaining framework - specific code , making it easier for us to finish the conversion process .
All of this will be in place for Ext ’s final 1.0 release , which will support both Yahoo UI and jQuery .
How will support be handled ?
The jQuery team will be providing support for any bugs that may only exist in the jQuery version of Ext .
Support for Ext , itself , will continue to be handled via the Ext forums .
The Ext project will also begin offering a level of paid support for its corporate users .
What Ext features will be included in Ext 1.0 for jQuery
All available Ext 1.0 features are going to be supported by jQuery .
The final feature list , for Ext 1.0 , is still being finalized but a full breadth of new functionality can be expected .
When will Ext 1.0 for jQuery be available ?
The final release date still has yet to be finalized and we will make a formal announcement on the jQuery blog , the jQuery mailing list , the Ext project site , and the Ext forums once the its ready to go .
An alpha release of Ext 1.0 was just released , but does not , yet , include the jQuery compatibility layer .
Do any licensing issues exist ?
No .
jQueryâ€™s licensing will remain the same , and Ext 1.0 will be completely open source ( LGPL ) .
Additionally , corporations will be able to purchase an Ext support license .
This will include email support and SVN access , amongst other features .
Update : Digg this story up !
Examples
Here are examples of what you can do with Ext .
( All demos currently run on Yahoo UI , as the Ext 1.0 alpha release does n’t support jQuery . )
Paged , Dynamic , Grids
Mixed Content Menus
Advanced Dialog Layout and Themes
Message Box Dialog
Drag-and - Drop Trees
If you thought sleeping on a bed of nails was strange , then check out this one - of - a- kind “ Sewer Pipe Hotel ” .
Each room was built from an actual sewer pipe .
If you thought sleeping on a bed of nails was strange , then check out this one - of - a- kind “ Sewer Pipe Hotel ” .
Each room was built from an actual sewer pipe .
The last place you would expect the world ’s largest wind farm to reside would be the state of Texas .
The Lonestar State has for many decades been a poster child for the oil industry .
A wealthy oilman and investor by the name of Boone Pickens is turning a greener shade and hoping to cash in on the burgeoning U.S. renewable energy industry .
From the article ,
“ Pickens ’ proposed new energy gamble is important to Texas because it could put the state another significant step toward reducing its heavy reliance on fossil fuels for electricity generation .
It also could help solidify Texas ’ No. 1 ranking among the 50 states in wind power generation capacity .
Never accused of thinking small , Pickens could put as many as 2,000 wind turbines on nearly 200,000 acres in thinly populated Gray , Roberts , Hemphill and Wheeler counties .
He ’s talking about generating 2,000 to 4,000 megawatt , roughly the equivalent of one or two Comanche Peak nuclear power plants and enough juice to power several hundred thousand homes . ”
Such an installation will cost roughly $ 6 billion dollars !
According to the article , Pickens is well connected in the financial - markets and has in - depth knowledge of the energy world .
In a time when wind energy in the U.S. rose nearly 27 % last year , his gamble may pay off huge down the road .
Who would have ever thought that Texas could be become a world - wide leader in renewable energy ?
The times , they are a changin’ .
Second Lifeは3Dバーチャルワールド。誰でも自分のアバターを作って、ワールド内をうろうろできる。うろうろするだけなら無料だ。髪型、肌、洋服、アクセサリーなど、いろいろなものも、Second Lifeの住人が作って売っているが、適当に無料のものを集めて身につけることもできる。
とりあえず私は有料、無料のパーツを取り混ぜて今はこんな姿になっている。
髪の毛は日本人の方の力作である。
さて、こん なSecond Lifeであるが、果たしてこれ、いくら儲かってるのか。試算してみました。
Linden Labの収入源は次の５つ。
会費
土地を所有するには月々９ドル９５セント払って有料会員になる必要あり。
土地リー ス
初期費用と月々のメンテナンス代を払うとSecond Life内の土地をリースできる。（リースした人は、細かく区切って一般住宅として貸し出したり、店やアダルトショップ、カジノなどを経営。）
貨幣交換手数 料
Second Life内の商取引には、Lindenドルという貨幣が必要。で 、Linden Labは、LindeXという「米ドル とLindenドルのオークション市場」を運営している。Lindenドルの売り手と買い手が出会う場なわけです。で、通貨交換時には手数料がLinden Labに入る仕組み。Lindenドルを売って米ドルに変える際には３．５％、米ドルでLindenドルを買う際には１回当たり３０セント。
Lindenドル販売
LindeXは変動相場なのだが、大体の相場幅の間でLindenドルを買いたい人の方が多い場合は、Linden Labが直接Lindenドルを売る。（今１USドルは260-270Lindenドル。）
リアルネー ム
本名を名乗りたい場合は、リアルネームを「買う」必要あり。年間利用料を払う。
さて、一方 でLinden Labは 、Second Lifeの様々な 「経済指標」を発表している。土地の大きさ、有料会員数、Second Life内貨幣であるところ のLinden Dollarの発行数などなど。有料会員は４月時点で８万３千人。それ以外の細かい数字は、こちらを参照あれ。
これを元に試算すると、この４月時点での収入は６百万ドル弱とあいなります。
誤差はリアルネームと土地メンテナンス料から発生。前者はどれくらいの人が実際使っているか発表されておらず、後者の土地は、無料で有料会員に貸し出している分があるのだが、この試算では、全て有料で貸し出されているものとして計算してある。
土地の初期費用とメンテ代で７０％弱。会費が１５％で、Lindenドルの売り上げが１２％、LindeX手数料が６％。土地が１-２割は無料で貸し出されているとすれば、ここから１０％-１５％くらい下方修正が入るが、それでも５百万ドルは行ってると思われます。
去年の１１月からフォローするとこんな感じ。
噂では、去年の春から夏にかけて１００万ドルを達成、昨年末に３００万ドル規模の売り上げを見込んでいたらしいので大体こんなもんと思われます。
いずれにせよ、いや、結構売り上げあるじゃない、というのが私の正直な感想。
さて、もっと根本的に、どういうビジネスモデルなのか考えてみる。
７割を占める 「土地リース料」は、これは何かと言うと、要はサーバホスティング事業。Linden Labでは、土地単位であるところのSim一つ（１６エーカー）当たりCPUを一つあてがって運営している。Simの一形態であるプライベートアイランドを借りるための初期費用１６７５ドル、以降月々２９５ドルかかる。１サーバあたり４CPUとして、最初に７０００ドル弱、月々約１２００ドルで貸し出している、というわけです。
Second Lifeに行くと、閑散としていて驚く。１CPUあたりせいぜい１０-３０人くらいで技術的にマックスらしいので、仕方ないと言えば仕方ない。Sim一つ１６エーカー、６万６千平方メートルあるのに、そこに数十人マックスなわけで。
しかし、閑散としてるの はLinden Lab的にはそれほど痛痒ない。一旦貸してしまったサーバーは、使われない方がメンテナンスが簡単。しかもアクセスしているユーザーが少なければ帯域もあまりいらないので安上がり。
巷では 、Second
Lifeはスケールしないのではないか、と懸念されている。実際、土地面積から逆算すると、既に９０００CPUくらいあるはずで、これで同時アクセスユー
ザー数は３-４万人しかいない。つまり１CPUあたり３人くらい、ということになる。World of WarcraftなどのMMORPGの常識からすると、
「 なんですか、それ 」
という感じな の
だが、バーチャルワールドはMMORPGとは根本的に違うんです。いうなれば、Second Lifeは、「借りっ放しであまり利用しないありがたいユーザー」がたくさんいるホスティング事業なのであった。
とはいうものの 。
会費を除いたもう一つの収益源 、「 Lindenドル販売 ・Lindenドル交換手数料」は、要はマイクロペイメント事業みたいなもの。こちらを伸ばすには、ユーザー同志が活発に商取引をする必要があるわけで、それには賑わいがいる。
なので、あんまり閑散としていると将来こちらの収益が伸び悩む、ということはあります。
＜おまけ ＞
Second Life内のショップ。髪型やら肌やらを売っている。
別のショップのソファでくつろぐ私のAvatar。
Second Life内クラブ。こういうところは結構人がいます。みんな派手な格好をしている。私のAvatarはバージョンアップ前で、謎のピンク髪OL風である。
The Twin Towers
Gallery of Evidence Click to view construction photos of the World Trade Center .
AE911 Truth.org info card front :
The Case for Explosive Demolition of the WTC Towers AE911 Truth.org info card back :
The Case for Explosive Demolition of the WTC Towers
No steel framed high - rise building has ever collapsed due to fire - due to the high temperatures that would be required to weaken structural steel past it 's critical safety margin - even though very large , very hot , and very long - lasting fires have ravaged many steel - structure high - rise buildings .
These buildings are all in use today :
• Caracas , Venezuela , Oct , 2004 , 56 story building ,
burned for 17 hours over 26 floors
• Los Angeles , May 1988 , 1st Interstate Bank , 62 stories ,
burned for 3.5 hours over 5 floors
• Philadelphia , Feb , 1991 , Meridian Plaza , 38 stories ,
burned for 18 hours over 8 floors
• New York , Aug , 1970 , New York Plaza , 50 stories ,
burned for six hours
Previously molten metal was found " flowing like lava " by the FDNY in the basements of all 3 WTC High - rises .
Hydrocarbon fires can burn at a maximum temperature of 1,800 °F which is about 1,000° short of the beginning melting temperature of steel .
Where did the molten metal come from ?
Why do FEMA and NIST deny its existence ?
The 4 - to 20 - ton steel columns & beams were broken apart at bolted and welded connections and ejected laterally up to 500 feet .
The architectural drawings of the WTC North Tower have been leaked from an individual associated with the Silverstein - Weidlinger Report .
They reveal that the large box columns of the core maintain their 30 " x16 " and 52 " x22 " dimensions at least up through the 66th floor .
They also indicate that most of the core columns would be easily accessed from the elevator shafts in order to plant explosives .
We know that the elevators were being modernized by Ace Elevator during the 9 months prior to 9/11 .
This is the World Trade Center exploding .
This is an acknowledged explosion .
Can you tell the difference ?
Which 20 story building will fall to the ground first ?
Until 9/11/01 most physicists would have agreed that the one that did n't have to crush though 100,000 tons of steel would fall first — at free - fall speed .
On 9/11 , the example on the left " collapsed " at virtually free - fall speed !
But this could only have been accomplished by removing the columns ahead of the fall — with explosives .
Numerous Squibs ( mis - timed explosions ) can be seen seen 20 to 40 floors ahead of the advancing " collapse " .
NIST claims that they are " puffs of air " created from the pancaking floors above .
But there are no pancaking floors above , they are not air but pulverized building materials , they occur precisely at the center of the building in an " open office plan " , and finally , the 160 to 200 feet per second speed of this debris suggests they could only have been propelled by explosives .
The debris was equally distributed across a 1,400 ft. diameter .
There are no " pancakes " stacked up at the bottom of either tower !
The FEMA report notes :
" The results of the examination are striking .
They reveal a phenomenon never before observed in building fires : eutectic reactions , which caused " intergranular melting capable of turning a solid steel girder into Swiss cheese ....
Evidence of a severe high temperature corrosion attack on the steel , including oxidation and sulfidation . "
NIST dropped this like a hot potato .
These are all tell tell signs of the use of thermate ( sulphur + thermite ) incendiary cutter charges . "
It takes thousands of degrees to bend steel like this without buckling .
Thermate cutter charges create over 4,500 °F .
Fires — even with jet fuel — create only 1,700 °F maximum .
Physics professor Steven Jones finds , in this previously molten sample from the WTC , the chemical traces of Thermate — including Fluorine , Manganese , Sulphur , Potassium , etc. Steven Jones , PhD physicist discovers previously molten iron spheres in the WTC dust which blanketed lower Manhattan .
Sizes are up to 1/16 " diameter .
The findings are corroborated by EPA but not explained .
Molten iron is the byproduct of Thermite .
It contains the chemical signature of thermate .
The Smoking Gun : Microspheres carry signature of Thermate !
The concrete and other building contents were pulverized to a thick ground hugging pyroclastic dust — much of which was < 100 microns — the width of a human hair .
The gravitational potential of the building at 100,000KWH does not account for the concrete pulverization or the rapid expansion of the dust clouds .
This is all that is left of the concrete floors , gypsum wall board , steel decking , office furniture , office machinery , filing cabinets .
The toxic dust averages 4 " deep — throughout lower Manhattan .
Controlled demolitions can be performed in a variety of ways .
Above are two examples of top - down controlled demolition .
Why did n't we see the truth about about 9/11 before ?
Did the 9/11 Commission keep the true cause of the " collapses " under wraps ?
Did FEMA and NIST lie in their reports ?
Is the mainstream media controlled enough to manipulate this story from the very beginning ?
WE WILL ONLY KNOW IF WE GET A NEW TRULY INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION !
These features can be found in the General section .
The only customizable feature was the double - click speed .
Global climate change experts will this week lay out a detailed plan to save the planet from the catastrophic effects of rising temperatures .
Climate change could be stopped in its tracks using existing technology , but only if politicians do more to force businesses and individuals to take action .
The UN study will conclude that mankind has the knowhow to reduce global greenhouse gas emissions by as much as 26bn tonnes by 2030 - more than enough to limit the expected temperature rise across the planet to 2 -3C .
Such a move would cost the world economy billions of pounds over the next two decades , but this could be recouped by savings due to the health benefits of lower levels of air pollution .
Cheaper solutions could bring down emissions to 1990 levels , but that would still see average temperatures rise by as much as 4C this century , with devastating consequences for wildlife , agriculture and the availability of water .
Measures
The report , from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , will say a range of measures can be introduced across the energy supply , transport , buildings , agriculture and forestry , industry and waste sectors .
The best way to limit future emissions is to focus on clean development in developing countries .
The report , the third this year from the IPCC , looks at ways to tackle global warming and is due to be released in Bangkok on Friday .
The previous two reports analysed the science of climate change and its likely impacts .
Together , the three reports will underpin international negotiations on a new treaty to regulate greenhouse gas emissions to replace the Kyoto protocol .
The summary of the new report , a draft of which has been obtained by the Guardian , says : " It is technically and economically feasible to stabilise greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere ... provided that incentives are in place to further develop and implement a range of mitigation technologies . "
It says global emissions need to peak " within the next two decades " and that the problem is now more serious and requires " more stringent mitigation " than when the IPCC last reported in 2001 .
Reductions
Rachel Warren , of the Cambridge University 's Centre for Climate Change Mitigation Research who helped to write the report , said : " We have to reduce our emissions , and the technology to do that already exists or can be commercialised in the coming decades .
We need governments , businesses and individuals to be pulling together in the same direction . "
The final wording of Friday 's report will be hammered out during the coming week by scientists and government officials , who must approve it before its release .
Publication of the second IPCC report in Brussels earlier this month was delayed after all - night discussions that saw several scientists walk out in protest at what they viewed as political interference .
This week 's talks could see similar scenes , particularly as it deals with the political hot potato of how world governments should act together to bring down emissions .
The US has lobbied for research into futuristic technology such as giant sunlight - blocking mirrors in space as " insurance " , an idea which the draft summary dismisses as " largely speculative , uncosted and with potential for unknown side effects " .
The report says that taking " optimal " mitigation measures might by 2030 stabilise greenhouse - gas concentrations in the atmosphere at 445 to 534 parts per million , up from an estimated 430 ppm today .
It indicates that stabilising concentrations relatively quickly at 450 ppm - an unlikely scenario - could still limit the temperature rise to 2C above pre-industrial temperatures , which scientists say could avert severe damage .
Achieving the 445-534 ppm range could cost up to 3 % of global gross domestic product ( GDP ) over two decades , the draft says .
Technology
Geoffrey Levermore , an expert in housing emissions at Manchester University and another author on the report , said : " With current technology , new technology and new policies , we can do this , but we might not be as prosperous .
If someone has to cycle more rather than using the car , perhaps they might not be so productive . "
The report says that different technologies will be better suited to different regions , but that energy efficiency will play a key role for all .
Greater use of renewable energy , nuclear power and biofuels will be needed to stabilise emissions , while protecting the world 's forests could offer a more " cost - effective " solution .
And it calls for the wider use of technology to capture carbon dioxide spewed from power stations and store it underground , known as carbon capture and storage ( CCS ) .
The draft says : " A critical issue is how quickly new coal plants are going to be equipped with CCS , because retrofitting power plants with CCS later is economically unattractive . "
Energy companies in the developing world are building a handful of " capture ready " power stations , which can be adapted when the CCS technology is ready , but hundreds of plants being built throughout China and India are not so advanced and there will be no way to constrain their pollution .
Coordination
Jim Watson , an energy policy researcher at Sussex University , said : " A lot of the plants that are being built and discussed in China are not up to the highest standards because they are being built by regional governments and utilities , and there is n't much coordination from the centre . "
He added : " Generally it 's hard to see a lot of concrete moves in the right direction .
The technology menu is going to be broadly similar , and the question is are we any further towards getting it deployed ? "
One of the most controversial findings of the report is likely to be its discussion of the various strategies international governments could take - the US has refused to adopt binding targets agreed under Kyoto and is resisting attempts to discuss a replacement , preferring voluntary agreements .
The draft report says such voluntary agreements are not effective , but it also raises questions about the success of Kyoto - style treaties based on targets and carbon trading .
It says the best approach is to tie development to investment in clean technology .
Catherine Pearce , international climate campaigner with Friends of the Earth , said : " We hope that this report will push governments to take action , by demonstrating that the policies , measures and sustainable energy technologies are readily available .
We have no time to lose , and no excuses for further inaction . "
Sector by sector
Transport
Despite breakthroughs in cleaner options , such as hybrid cars , the sector is the fastest growing source of emissions , the report says .
It highlights emerging technologies such as cars powered by hydrogen fuel cells and biofuels .
Some campaigners warn that increasing use of biofuels could worsen problems such as food shortages , as farmers scramble to meet demand .
The IPCC suggests this could be eased by a switch to biofuels made from waste cellulose .
The report says government policies such as mandatory carbon dioxide emission standards are crucial , but that hikes in car tax , fuel duty and moves such as road pricing will be less effective as incomes rise .
Better public transport can make a significant contribution .
Potential saving by 2030 ( million tonnes carbon dioxide equivalent ) : 3,200
Industry
Industry offers the largest potential savings , although the report acknowledges : " Their implementation requires a stable policy environment that is respecting international competitiveness and includes measures for stimulating technology uptake . "
The IPCC suggests new controls on industrial pollutants such as methane , nitrous oxide and the chemicals HFCs and PFCs , all potent greenhouse gases .
It also says there are big savings for firms who invest in more efficient use of fuels , materials and electricity , combined heat and power systems , and recycling .
Heavily polluting industries could benefit from new process technologies that avoid carbon and are expected to come on - stream beyond 2015 , it says .
Potential savings : 6,500
Energy supply
More efficient supply , renewable sources , shifts from coal to less polluting gas and nuclear power will play a role in the short to medium term , the IPCC report says .
Managing such a transition requires " active policy involvement " such as reducing subsidies for fossil fuels while helping cleaner technology with renewable quotas for power companies and subsidies .
The EU has pledged to generate 20 % of all energy from renewable sources by 2020 .
The report says concern over energy security , combined with the development of power infrastructure in the developing world , creates an opportunity to reduce emissions cheaply .
Potential savings : 5,100
Agriculture and forestry
Soils , trees and vegetation provide an important carbon store , and the report says improved land and forestry management offer some of the easiest and cheapest emission savings .
" Many options are immediately deployable , do not reduce productivity and have co-benefits , " it says .
More efficient fertiliser use and better care of crop and grazing land are good too .
On forestry , some 65 % of the potential carbon savings are in the tropics , and the report says a " combination of afforestation , avoided deforestation and agro- forestry " is the best approach .
One major sticking point is whether developing nations such as Brazil and Costa Rica should be paid not to chop down their virgin rainforest .
Potential savings : 6,000
Buildings
Low - cost measures to improve the energy efficiency of buildings could save greenhouse gas emissions and money , the report says .
It recommends countries should follow the examples of Germany and Switzerland and force through policies to cut emissions from housing .
Appliance standards , building codes , better labelling and procurement procedures for the private sector have worked to cut pollution .
Geoffrey Levermore , buildings expert at Manchester University who helped write the report , said : " There 's no blue sky technology to revolutionise this industry by giving us a little matchbox that will provide all the energy for your house , but if the right policies are implemented , there are some real savings to be made . "
Potential savings : 4,400
Waste
The IPCC says post - consumer waste , such as plastic bags , generates less than 5 % of global emissions , but that the rubbish sector can still help to tackle global warming .
Recovering methane from landfill sites in the developing world generates more than 15 % of carbon credits traded under the Kyoto protocol .
Waste management is a key component of wider moves toward sustainable development , it says .
Unlike some sectors , the technologies available to reduce emissions from waste are " mature and readily deployable " .
It adds : " Recycling and waste minimisation provide indirect greenhouse gas mitigation benefits via the conservation of raw materials , and energy from waste offsets fossil fuel consumption . "
Potential saving : 1,250
Korea 's DMZ : ' Scariest place on Earth '
By Joe Havely
CNN Hong Kong
( CNN ) -- Former U.S. President Bill Clinton described it as " the scariest place on Earth . "
The Demilitarized Zone ( DMZ ) that divides the two Koreas is the most heavily fortified border in the world , bristling with watchtowers , razor wire , landmines , tank - traps and heavy weaponry .
On either side of its 151 - mile ( 248 km ) length almost two million troops face each other off ready to go to war at a moment 's notice .
They have been on a hair trigger for almost 50 years , ever since the last shot was fired in the Korean War and an uneasy truce came into force .
Officially that war has not yet ended -- no formal peace deal has ever been signed and the war could start again at any moment .
Between North and South is a strip of rugged no man 's land -- the DMZ proper -- averaging two and a half miles ( 4 km ) wide .
A sense of tension fills the air -- along with , from time to time , the sounds of martial music and propaganda blasted out from giant speakers installed along the North Korean side .
Also on the North Korean side is what the Guinness Book of Records lists as the world 's tallest flagpole soaring some 160 meters ( 525 ft ) into the air .
Flashpoint
Monitoring the edgy standoff is a small group of Swiss and Swedish officers who make up the Neutral Nations Supervisory Commission .
For its part North Korea is thought to maintain about one million troops along its side of the frontier .
On the southern side , stationed alongside some 600,000 South Korean soldiers are 37,000 U.S. troops , one of the largest single overseas deployments of American forces .
If North Korean forces ever crossed the DMZ again the United States is automatically at war -- under a 1954 treaty backed by United Nations resolutions the U.S. is committed to defend South Korea .
Although one of the world 's major flashpoints , the DMZ has become a major tourist attraction drawing in hundreds of thousands of visitors a year .
Many come to gawp at the rigid North Korean soldiers stationed along the frontline .
Others take in visits to one of a number of tunnels dug secretly under the DMZ by the North for use in a possible invasion .
Virtually undisturbed for half a century the zone has also become a rugged natural haven for several endangered species including the white - naped and red-crowned cranes as well as nearly extinct Korean subspecies of tiger and leopard .
Last updated at 09:37 01 March 2007
Less than a year ago , Kerstine Bury , 32 , was homeless and working as a heroin - addicted prostitute .
It was a huge fall from grace for the Catholic - educated schoolgirl who had been brought up by her businessman father Fred and his wife Sue in Maidenhead , Berkshire .
Desperate to save their daughter , they paid £ 50,000 for her treatment at a private addiction clinic .
Here , in an alarming account , Kerstine tells CLARE CAMPBELL that it all began with just a single cannabis joint :
As I lay in a haze of semi- consciousness , I heard a man 's voice saying : ' It 's OK ... she 's just a junkie . '
I felt someone lifting my eyelids to see if I was awake but I was too terrified even to breathe as I prayed for him to go away .
As I heard his footsteps fade , I lay there motionless , trying to understand what had happened .
Then I realised .
I had been raped by a gang of maybe eight men who had cornered me , and I had been too weak and too high on heroin to defend myself .
I had struggled and my body was bruised and sore .
But that was nothing compared to how I felt about myself psychologically .
How had I let myself sink so low ?
For nearly 18 months I 'd been living
For nearly 18 months I 'd been living on the streets , homeless and so addicted to heroin and crack cocaine that I had traded my body for money .
I felt so full of self - loathing that I wanted to die .
Suddenly , however , the thought of my seven - year - old son forced me to my feet .
I could not let him down any longer .
He was being looked after by my parents - who had been given custody of him after I became a drug addict three years earlier .
I knew that , finally , something had to change .
As I wandered back to my parents ' large family home , my thoughts returned to when I was little .
I 'd been so happy as a child , playing with my older brother at home .
My father had worked long hours building up a successful manufacturing business , and had also invested in property , but my parents had always found time for us and I 'd enjoyed a typical middle - class childhood .
Like all little girls I 'd loved horses and was thrilled when my father said I could take lessons .
He was always generous and would have done anything for us .
My school life was great , too - I attended a Roman Catholic grammar school - but then , at the age of 15 , I tried a spliff of cannabis at a friend 's house and my life changed for ever .
I had been anxious about my GCSEs .
I needed to get high grades as I wanted to please my parents and to be the ' good ' girl they 'd always encouraged me to be .
But that first hit of cannabis was like nothing I 'd experienced before .
I felt chilled , relaxed , and my exams did n't seem to matter any more .
Now , I truly believe that if I had n't smoked that first cannabis joint I would never have gone on to harder drugs , and my life would never have spiralled out of control in such a self destructive way .
People should never under -estimate the serious implications of smoking cannabis .
I quickly became addicted to the feeling of being out of control , and once I 'd experienced my first high I was desperate to find something that would give me an even better one .
I started smoking cannabis regularly - my older friends could get their hands on the drug very easily .
They also gave me LSD .
At 17 , I was forced to take a year off school because I had a bad riding accident and broke my neck .
I was in hospital for several months .
When I got out , I continued using drugs , often smoking several joints a day , as well as taking acid at the weekends .
My drug addiction was starting to control me .
A year later , having been accepted into college to follow my dream of going to university , I dropped out .
My father was terribly disappointed , but as he could not bear the idea of me being on the dole he continued to support me , giving me an allowance of £ 100 a week .
Because of his generosity , life was good .
I thought I was in control .
I set up a music studio in a flat owned by my father and would invite friends round to make recordings .
I had always been interested in music and wanted to become a songwriter .
As I was cushioned by my parents ' money I was very self - indulgent , going out clubbing and by now taking speed and ecstasy .
I thought I was happy - but the feeling only lasted until the next high .
My drug use grew and grew , until it was costing several hundred pounds a week .
My parents suspected something was wrong - but I just lied to them and to myself about my deepening addiction .
My behaviour was changing .
Instead of having proper relationships with men , I was falling into casual affairs with other drug - takers .
I became pregnant at 23 .
Pregnant
Dad had always warned me about pregnancy before I was ready to start a family , so I was terrified the day I had to tell him : ' Dad , I 'm going to have a baby . '
Although I could see how upset he was , he said it was too late for him to be angry and that all he could do now was help .
My mum hugged me and said we would cope together .
I loved being pregnant and saw my future child as a real incentive to get clean .
I did n't touch drugs throughout my pregnancy and the moment that the doctor handed my son to me was the best of my life .
I called him Marley after Bob Marley , whose music I had always loved .
I had told Marley 's father that I was pregnant , but he did not want to be part of his upbringing .
I did n't care .
I was determined to be a good mother and to stay off drugs .
At first it worked .
Instead of smoking dope I would take Marley to the park , then spend the afternoon playing with him .
But the temptation was returning .
Six months after giving birth , I smoked heroin for the first time - supplied by an ex-boyfriend .
I always promised myself I would never touch harder drugs .
But within moments of smoking heroin , I was completely hooked .
Within two weeks I was suffering physical pain , vomiting if I did n't have it .
At first I took heroin three times a week , then it was several times a day - I was spending £ 500 a week on my addiction .
By the age of 25 , I was on crack cocaine .
I was introduced to the drug by a computer consultant I met at a party who told me : ' Heroin just takes you down .
If you want to go up , take crack . '
Looking back , I feel terribly guilty about what sort of mother I must have been to my son .
Often there was not enough food because I had spent all my money on drugs .
Other times I did not go to Marley when he was crying .
Still living in the flat owned by my father , I saw less and less of my parents as my drug life took over .
It was at this point that they decided to take action to stop Marley from being taken into care .
I was just relieved that I did not have to worry about him any more .
My father stopped giving me money , but that did n't matter .
It was no longer enough to keep up with my habit anyway .
I then turned to selling my body .
The first time was with a dealer who offered to take sex instead of money .
I felt sick afterwards but the drugs made me feel better .
When I started , I could choose the men I went with , getting between £ 100 and £ 500 a time .
I had quickly learned that ' new ' girls on the street always got paid more .
Sometimes I was paid as much as £ 1,000 - especially if the man took drugs himself .
At weekends , I went to my parents ' house to see Marley .
Mum kept asking me whether I was still taking drugs , but I would n't tell her .
Then one day she asked me if I had ever taken money for sex , and I said : ' Yes . ' Mum ran out of the room .
When I began injecting drugs , aged 28 , my father decided enough was enough and that ' tough love ' might be a better approach .
He asked me to leave the flat I was living in , which belonged to him .
I did so , and found a place to sleep in a shelter for the homeless .
Over the next 18 months I slept in squats or homeless shelters .
I was physically very weak , having lost more than one - and - a - half stone .
And I 'd become the victim of frequent violent attacks , sometimes by men who paid for sex ; at other times , by homeless people who stole the money I 'd got for it .
A few weeks after I 'd been kicked out and realising how hard my life was , my mother begged me to come home so that my parents could look after me .
I did once , and was clean for ten days , but I felt so ill - shaking , crying and suffering from the most horrible paranoia - that I went back on the streets .
Two months later , I was raped .
I did n't report it to the police .
I felt I did n't deserve to be helped after the way I 'd behaved .
I wanted to get home to Mum and Dad .
I wondered whether my parents would even allow me in the door .
I rang the bell feeling so fragile I could hardly stand .
Mum took me in her arms and hugged me .
She helped me lie down on the sofa and covered me with a blanket .
After that I must have lost consciousness .
Hours later I woke to see my mother talking to someone on the telephone .
She told me that she and my father were going to take me to the Promis Recovery Centre in Kent that evening .
I was too exhausted to protest .
Arriving at the treatment centre , I found all the staff and patients so welcoming that I was simply relieved to find myself somewhere warm , dry and comfortable .
For the following nine weeks I was given rest , food and therapy .
Coming off heroin was very hard .
Detoxing my body was tough ; I suffered sweats , shaking and nausea .
But the emotional and psychological battle to get clean was even more difficult .
I had to find something to replace the role that heroin had played in my life for so many years .
I was determined to try - not only for my own future , but for Marley , too .
Mum and Dad visited every couple of weeks , often bringing my son .
He was still very affectionate with me , but also bewildered .
Family therapy sessions with my parents were probably the hardest .
I knew I had to be honest , yet I was so ashamed of my behaviour .
But finding myself among other addicts and seeing that they were beginning to get their lives back on track gave me hope .
I realised that I must take responsibility for my addiction and that it was within my power to lead a fulfilling life without drugs .
Four months on , I have remained clean and am now living in London .
I plan to get myself a flat and a job so that I can at last become a proper mother to my son .
Yet I am only too aware of the gratitude I owe my parents .
My treatment cost them £ 50,000 .
My father says that I have already had my inheritance .
But he did more than rescue me from drugs .
He saved my life .
Once I have found somewhere to live , and my parents are certain that I can be trusted to take care of my son , we have agreed that I will have Marley again .
I will do everything in my power to make sure that happens soon .
I have already missed too much of his childhood .
For more information about Promis addiction treatment centres , see www.promis.co.uk or call 01304 841700 .
Arizona schools chief urges more COVID - 19 transparency from educators Arizona 's top schools official Kathy Hoffman said there should be more communication and transparency about the coronavirus cases on campuses to help ease community fears .
Scottsdale police use grant to purchase crash analysis equipment The Scottsdale Police Department used a grant from the Arizona Governor ’s Office of Highway Safety to purchase new crash analysis equipment .
Wednesday ’s Washington
Post is reporting that , once again , the Democrat - controlled Senate is revisiting the idea of taxpayer funding for embryonic stem cell research and reversing President Bush ’s 2001 Executive Order barring federal funding for such research .
As is usually the case with stories about issues like this , the Senate proposal , and the Washington Post report is missing the point , because there are really two different issues here .
The first is whether it is ethical to utilize embryonic stem cells in medical research and , eventually , if the research proves successful , in the generation of stem cells that could prove beneficial in the treatment and cure of ailments ranging from cancer to Parkinson ’s Disease .
The second is whether it is an appropriate function of government for taxpayer dollars to be utilized in such an endeavor .
First , the part that some of my fellow contributors and many people who might read this may have problems with .
On a scientific and ethical level , I can not see any rational argument against the idea that research utilizing embryonic stem cells — assuming such cells are obtained in an ethical manner — should not be permitted .
The potential benefit to humanity is , quite honestly enormous .
We ’re talking about potential cures for ailments that have plagued modern man for centuries .
Weighing that against the loss of a few cells , and taking into account the suffering I ’ve seen and experienced in my own family from these diseases , I cannot say that I find anything wrong with the idea of embryonic stem cell research , and I ca n’t say that I ’d ever refuse a cure that might result from such research were I suffering from cancer or some other disease .
That said , I see no reason why the Federal Government should be involved in funding research such as this , or medical research of any kind .
The state does not exist to cure cancer , or alleviate suffering .
It exists for a very specific reason — to protect it ’s citizens rights .
As more than one contributor here has stated , medical care is best left to the private sector .
I do n’t want Teddy Kennedy or George Bush deciding which avenue of medical research is acceptable , I want science deciding that .
More than anything else , though , the debate over stem cell research makes it clear that it ’s time that decisions like this were taken out of the hands of the state .
Welcome to Wyzant ’s accounting lessons !
In these lessons , we ’ll cover the major concepts introduced in most college accounting courses .
These are perfect for students looking to review for a class , or anybody else looking to brush up on their accounting skills .
Start at the beginning with a history of accounting , or dive into topics like financial statements or budgeting .
If you ’re looking for personal assistance , browse our accounting tutors and send an email .
These accounting lessons were created by Malcolm E. White , an experienced accounting lecturer .
Introduction to Accounting Did you know that we had accounting before numbers even existed ?
Do you know what accountants really do ?
Read this brief history of accounting , as well as a quick overview of what accounting means today .
Basic Financial Statements
When a company needs to deliver financial information to outside parties , they use financial statements .
Learn about different financial statements in this lesson , as well as the accounting processes used to create them .
Journals and the Accounting Cycle
In order to create financial reports , accountants use a sequence of procedures called the accounting cycle .
Learn about the accounting cycle and basic bookkeeping activities in this lesson .
Accruals and Deferrals Accruals are recorded before money has actually changed hands .
In deferrals , money has changed hands but no revenue or expense has been recorded .
Learn how to record these in bookkeeping in this lesson .
Reporting Financial Results
Once you ’re familiar with the accounting process and the accounting cycle , you can prepare financial reports .
This lesson walks you through how to prepare financial statements .
How do you close the books at the end of the year ?
Read on to find out .
Merchandising Activities
If you sell retail products to customers , you ’re engaged in merchandising .
This lesson explains how merchandisers , or retailers , handle inventory and manage their inventory accounts ..
Financial Assets Financial assets include cash , accounts receivable , and short term investments .
In this lesson , learn how to define these different assets and how they inform a company ’s financial analysis .
Inventories and Cost of Goods Sold Different companies have different kinds of inventories .
Read on to learn how companies categorize and sell their inventory .
Other important concepts include average cost , turnover , and inventory estimation ,
Fixed Assets and Depreciation
This lesson explains how to calculate depreciation expenses .
Why do assets depreciate and how do you record that ?
Learn about amortization , depletion , depreciable costs , and more .
Liabilities Liabilities are similar to debts and can be classified as either current or long - term - due in one year or in more than one year .
Read this lesson to learn about different types of liabilities and how they are calculated in amortization tables .
Stockholders ' Equity and Managerial Accounting
What is the difference between financial accounting and managerial accounting ?
How are corporations created and how is stock issued ?
This lesson answers these questions and covers more concepts related to managerial accounting and stockholders ’ equity .
Income and Changes in Retained Earnings
A retained earnings account is used to accumulate a company ’s earnings and to pay dividends to stockholders .
Why do people invest in a company to begin with , and how do companies report to their stockholders ?
Read on to learn more .
Statements of Cash Flows Statements of cash flow ( also called cash flow statements ) define the inflows and outflows of cash exchanged through customers , investing , and financing .
Read this lesson to learn the two ways you can present the statement of cash flows : the direct and indirect methods .
Financial Statement Analysis Investors , creditors , and other parties want to analyze a company ’s financial statements .
But how do they do that ?
This lesson explains how to read and understand financial statements in order to make important decisions .
Management Accounting Managers deal with operating information , the information related to the operation of a business .
Learn how this information is used in management accounting .
This lesson also covers accounting cycles , manufacturing costs , and more .
Job Order Costing
When jobs ( or batches ) are different from other jobs , accountants use a job order costing system .
Job order costing is a cost accounting system used in businesses such as auto repair shops .
Read on to learn more .
Process Costing
Unlike the job costing system , process costing is used in manufacturing processes to trace costs .
When and why do you use process costing ?
Read this lesson for an answer , and more information on different costing and inventory systems .
Cost - Volume - Profit Analysis Cost - Volume - Profit analysis can be used to answer questions about a company ’s profitability .
This lesson will walk you through CVP ’s three - step process .
Read through some example problems , and try our quick quizzes to test your knowledge !
Incremental Analysis
In accounting , managers can face complex decisions .
Incremental analysis ( IA ) is one way for managers to approach these problems in a simplified way using variable accounting concepts .
Operational Budgeting Every business needs a budget , and managers need to cover their regular operating costs every month .
Learn how managers prepare operational budgets in this lesson .
I 'll begin with an explanation of the origin and audience of this talk , and then I 'll give a full outline with links to the slides .
The following pages contain snapshots of the overhead slides I used , together with explanations and comments similar to those I made in the talk itself .
But if you want to jump straight to the talk right away , be my guest .
Assuming your browser supports style sheets , some of the explanatory comments will be indented and printed in a slightly different color like this .
Those comments contain more " detailed " information that a casual reader could probably skip without missing much .
The important bits are usually near the top and the details toward the bottom , but occasionally the final comment on a page is of general interest , too .
Background on the talk
This is a talk that I gave to the Chicago chapter of the MIT Alumni Association on 11 Feb 2004 .
The audience was about 40 people with a range of backgrounds , most of whom had taken a year or two of physics while at MIT ( but for some of them , that was quite some time ago ) .
Many of them had seen the NOVA series " The Elegant Universe " and were looking for a deeper level of understanding that took advantage of their physics experience .
As the original invitation to give the talk put it ,
The challenge is to describe String Theory to our audience of engineers who have completed 1 or 2 years of undergraduate physics , perhaps 10 years ago , are used to dealing with equations but do not have a math background beyond differential equations , and are not aware of the concepts used in Quantum Field theory or String Theory .
The group was eager to see at least a few of the equations of the theory , which I think is precisely the right instinct to have if you want to learn a new scientific concept .
But that prospect was daunting to me , because I know just how painful it can be when a speaker tries to push an audience through a lot of unfamiliar math in a short period of time .
Complicated equations belong in classrooms , not in general talks .
So I did my best to balance those competing desires : I kept the equations to simple algebra , and most of the important ones were variations on a single theme so that the audience could get at least a bit comfortable with it ( that " theme " was essentially " energy spectra " ) .
I organized the talk more or less historically , beginning with a review of relevant concepts in 20th century physics and then showing how those concepts are modified in string theory , with a final " payoff " as we discovered the beauty of T - duality ( in the actual talk , I did n't have time for the material on open strings and D - branes ) .
In retrospect , this may not have been the best approach , simply because there was a lot of pre-string material to review .
While quite a few people in the audience were actively involved from start to finish ( there were many good questions throughout the talk ) , I think some others might have enjoyed it more if I 'd gotten to string theory itself faster .
In more recent talks of this sort , I have made an effort to introduce the novel ideas of string theory side by side with the physics that came before .
But for a web version like this , I feel like the existing format works pretty well ( feel free to let me know if you think I 'm wrong ! ) .
And for the record , I have no clear idea why my ( very obsolete ) presentation software decided to print some letters darker than others , and there 's certainly no point in me trying to debug it now .
( I 've now upgraded to Apple 's excellent Keynote 3 program , which works beautifully and is a real joy to present with . )
Rotary engines were developed by Wankel of Germany in the 1930s .
They never really gained acceptance in the mass market , aside from Mazda in its RX - 7 and later models .
But a project team says they can take the Mazda rotary engine block and build an aero engine around it that could be retrofitted to all aircraft - and it will change aviation .
The four - stroke piston engine technology used by the majority of planes in general aviation dates back 60 years .
There 's nothing wrong in sticking with what works but those motors require 70 to 80 moving parts and still use 100 - octane low - leaded ( 100 LL ) fuel that has long been displaced by kerosene for commercial aircraft .
There are some new advances in combustion chamber design and electronic management systems that are making it possible to develop a reliable rotary engine for small planes running on standard kerosene jet fuel .
The effort is called EUREKA project E! 2743 KERO and it came into being because Mistral Engines saw the demand for a safer , more reliable motor that could be easily adapted to any model of light aircraft and able to run on industry standard fuel .
Safety and reliability most important in aviation .
Advantages of the design include excellent reliability as there are few moving parts , a high power - to - weight ratio , compactness and smooth running compared with conventional piston - engine designs .
Moreover , the engine will run on widely available standard commercial aviation fuels .
The Wankel engine has a rotor instead of reciprocating pistons , doing away with any need for crankshafts , pistons and springs and reducing the number of moving parts to only two or three .
Modern electronics has now made it possible to overcome timing and injection control complications , resulting also in similar fuel consumption figures to piston engines .
Several partners are involved in the EUREKA project .
The Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne ( EPFL ) is studying the best combustion conditions for the kerosene in terms of combustion - chamber design , injection and ignition .
“ We are also now developing a special exhaust silencer with the EPFL to limit the noise , using active and passive noise - reduction technologies able to work at very high temperatures , ” adds Geles .
“ This has not been done before . ”
Most of the technical problems have already been overcome – one problem still being tackled is pushing away the detonation , or pre-ignition , limit .
Nevertheless , Geles predicts full FAA certification within 18 months of the project ending .
The Washington Post reports this morning that there were warnings two months before the start of the Iraq
War that things might not go as planned :
Two intelligence assessments from January 2003 predicted that the overthrow of Saddam Hussein and subsequent U.S. occupation of Iraq could lead to internal violence and provide a boost to Islamic extremists and terrorists in the region , according to congressional sources and former intelligence officials familiar with the prewar studies .
The two assessments , titled “ Principal Challenges in Post - Saddam Iraq ” and “ Regional Consequences of Regime Change in Iraq , ” were produced by the National Intelligence Council ( NIC ) and will be a major part of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence ’s long - awaited Phase II report on prewar intelligence assessments about Iraq .
The assessments were delivered to the White House and to congressional intelligence committees before the war started .
(…)
The assessment on post - Hussein Iraq included judgments that while Iraq was unlikely to split apart , there was a significant chance that domestic groups would fight each other and that ex-regime military elements could merge with terrorist groups to battle any new government .
It even talks of guerrilla warfare , according to congressional sources and former intelligence officials .
The second NIC assessment discussed “ political Islam being boosted and the war being exploited by terrorists and extremists elsewhere in the region , ” one former senior analyst said .
It also suggested that fear of U.S. military dominance and occupation of a Middle East country — one sacred to Islam — would attract foreign Islamic fighters to the area .
The NIC assessments paint “ a very sobering and , as it has turned out , mostly accurate picture of the aftermath of the invasion , ” according to a former senior intelligence officer familiar with the studies .
He sought anonymity because he is not authorized to speak about still - classified assessments .
The former senior official said that after the NIC papers were distributed to senior government officials , he was told by one CIA briefer that a senior Defense Department official had said they were “ too negative ” and that the papers “ did not see the possibilities ” the removal of Hussein would present .
This report is consistent with information we ’ve received from other sources about the build - up and aftermath of the Iraq War .
Throughout the time preceding the Iraq War , there was an apparent unwillingness on the part of its proponents — principally Wolfowitz , Cheney , and those around them — to give any consideration at all to the potential negative consequences that could follow the collapse of the Ba`athist regime and , as a result , there was absolutely no planning for such contingencies .
Many war opponents point to the fact that the justification for the war — the existence of a WMD program in Iraq in 2003 — turned out to be faulty , but they ’re missing the point .
All of the available intelligence , from the United States and elsewhere , indicated that Saddam Hussein was stockpiling WMD’s .
His own evasive behavior seemed to confirm it .
The question is n’t whether we were right or wrong to start the war to begin with , the question is how our leaders could have been so negligent , to the point of almost being criminally negligent , in failing to plan for what might happen when the war was over .
Because they did n’t we ’ve been stuck in Iraq for four years , the nation itself is mired in insurgency , and we ’ve placed ourselves in a situation where , the slogans of the protesters aside , there is no easy way out .
That ’s what history will remember about George W. Bush ’s adventure in Iraq .
Bats generate a measurably distinct aerodynamic footprint to achieve lift and maneuverability , quite unlike birds and contrary to many of the assumptions that aerodynamicists have used to model animal flight , according to University of Southern California aerospace engineer Geoffrey Spedding .
The researcher , together with a multi-institutional team of scientists found that bat flight is quite different from bird flight , particularly at very small scales .
They based their findings on new measurements of aerodynamic performance in the wing beats of a small species of bat .
" Bats with a body mass of 10 -- 30 grams -- or about the weight of one or two teaspoons of sugar -- and tip - to - tip wing spans of 25 -- 30 centimeters -- about the length of a human hand -- generate very different wakes , " he reported in the May 11 , 2007 issue of Science .
" The tell - tale tracks in the airflow caused by the wing beat have a very different pattern for bats , and this difference can be traced to the peculiar upstroke , " he continued .
" That , in turn , is likely caused by the collapsible membrane of the bat 's wing , which needs to maintain some degree of tension . "
Bats constitute about 20 percent of mammalian species , but not much attention has been paid to them because of their nocturnal habits .
Most bats eat flying insects , consuming up to their body weight each night .
Their agility and tremendous ability to maneuver in flight is accentuated by their ability to locate prey using an advanced echo- location system , which is basically a sonar operated by ultrasound .
The authors noted that bat wings are very different from those of birds because of their separate evolutionary paths to flight .
" Instead of feathers projecting back from lightweight , fused arm and hand bones , bats have flexible , elastic membranes that stretch between specially extended , slender bones of the hand , " Spedding said .
" The bones and wing membrane both change shape with every wing beat , flexing in response to the balance between forces applied by the muscles and competing forces due to the air motion around them . "
In contrast with bird wings , the bat wing membrane must be kept under tension , otherwise it will flap uselessly , like a flag .
As a consequence , Spedding said , there are limits to how much the wing can be folded during flight .
advertisement
Spedding and his colleagues think that the unique aerodynamic wake signatures of bat wings are caused by different mechanical operations in the upstroke of the wingbeat .
" Where birds can feather their wings , opening the feathers like a Venetian blind , bats must do something different , " Spedding said .
" Hence , they have developed a twisting wing path that increases the lift during the upstroke . "
This is the first time that this positive aerodynamic effect has been observed in wing flapping , he said , and it is consistent with previous speculation that was based on the bat 's complicated wing motions alone .
Spedding said the findings are just the beginning of an exciting research program to make detailed measurements of bat wings and add to a growing body of data about bat flight .
" Bats are agile hunters , capable of plotting and executing complex maneuvers through cluttered environments , " he said .
" These are the traits we'd like our unmanned air vehicles to have because there are so many complex rural and urban environments in which we could use them . "
With the promise of human - engineered , micro-scale flight just around the corner , engineers may also be able to emulate bat wings , building simple mechanical wings of flexible , elastic material stretched over support rods , to improve the aeronautical performance of smaller airborne vehicles .
" Bats have relied on very flexible wings for 50 million years to propel and lift themselves into the sky , " Spedding said .
" We still have a lot more to learn about the aerodynamics of bat flight and how their wings allow them to maneuver through incredibly unsteady air flows and turbulent conditions . "
These findings are presented in an article titled " Bat Flight Generates Complex Aerodynamic Tracks . "
Coauthors included A. Hedenström , L. C. Johansson and M. Wolf of Lund University , Sweden ; R. von Busse of the University of Munich , Germany ; and Y. Winter at Bielefeld University in Germany .
What is a “ Real Developer ” ?
In my investigation of rails - style development I ’ve come up against a meme that has been circulating out there forever .
“ Real Developers ” , it ’s said , take to MVC / rails environments like ducks to water .
It ’s only the baby noobs who known nothing but ASP.
NET who find themselves lost — because they are n’t deeply intimate with the HTTP protocol itself .
It reminds me of the old days when it was said that “ Real Programmers code in assembly language ” .
In the face of pragmatic reality that meme gradually morphed into “ Real Programmers know assembler ” and can use it in appropriate circumstances .
Still later , the “ Real Programmers ” used C , and so forth .
In some ways this mentality has passed into legend , but it keeps reinventing itself periodically .
Sometimes it expresses itself as more of an anti-meme , in terms of what it ’s against rather than what it ’s in favor of .
The VB folks , for example , have taken a lot of this kind of abuse over the years .
To my way of thinking , a “ real developer ” is someone who consistently produces quality software systems that delight customers .
“ Real developers ” do this in spite of whatever handicaps happen to exist in their world .
They know that no technology , platform , API or software ecosystem is perfect , but they know how to leverage the strengths of what they are given to work with to produce excellent results .
And if they do n’t know , they can admit it to themselves , and learn quickly .
MVC fans can look down on people who use ASP .
NET because ASP.
NET developers do n’t necessarily know much about the arcana of web protocols .
I grant you this will increase the learning curve for environments that require them to know such things .
But personally I do n’t see an inherent problem in abstracting away the details of HTTP , POST , GET , headers , cookies , and so forth , for our daily work .
How is that any different than , say , Java abstracting away CPU registers ?
Do you have customers who are willing to pay you to code in assembly language so that as to wring out more performance than Java ?
I did n’t think so .
In my experience , devs who are “ into ” low - level protocol hacking do n’t necessarily grok business realities , and may even take refuge in the esoteric in order to avoid the concrete — they do n’t like coping with the “ wetware ” .
It ’s the same reason people go into medical research rather than clinical practice .
They want to avoid those damned patients and their messy , unpredictable problems and needs .
Test tubes are much more predictable .
Clients want problems solved in their business domain .
So if ASP.NET takes care of handshaking with web servers in such a way that it frees up developers to concentrate on solving business problems rather than re-inventing the wheel for managing HTTP traffic , so much the better — all things being equal .
Returning to my definition for a “ real developer ” : what about ASP.
NET might frustrate such a developer from delivering great software systems that delight customers ?
I do n’t think it ’s the useful abstractions that ASP .
NET provides ; it ’s just perhaps in some cases the implementation of those abstractions .
And even then , the problem is n’t immediately apparent , and is n’t a big factor in all kinds of projects .
Do “ real developers ” have tons of curiosity ?
Yep .
Do they learn things for the pure joy of it ?
Sure .
Is knowing what ’s going on under the hood going to make them better rounded and more effective ?
Most definitely .
But if they do n’t need to think about low level protocols on a daily basis , or if the minutiae they ’ve chosen to learn in their spare time happens to be in a different area , I do n’t think that in itself reflects badly on them , either .
Great software can be produced with a variety of languages , tools , and APIs … with varying degrees of pain in different phases of design , implementation and maintenance .
Great developers — “ real developers ” are behind all of those solutions .
Yu Dongyue threw paint at this portrait of Mao
Yu Dongyue was sentenced to 20 years in jail for throwing paint at a portrait of China 's former leader Mao Zedong .
He was freed on Wednesday , after 17 years in prison , but family members said he did not recognise them and spoke unintelligibly .
Human rights groups have alleged Yu was tortured by guards in prison .
His father , Yu Yingkui , said the family would now try to find ways to treat his mental problems .
1989 TIANANMEN EVENTS 15 April : Reformist leader Hu Yaobang dies 22 April : Hu's memorial service .
Thousands call for faster reforms 13 May : Students begin hunger strike as power struggle grips Communist Party 15 May : Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev visits China 19 May : Zhao makes tearful appeal to students in Tiananmen Square to leave 20 May : Martial law declared in Beijing 3 - 4 June : Security forces clear the square , killing hundreds
" He is suffering from mental illness ... he gives few responses and has not said anything , " he told the AFP news agency .
' Solitary confinement '
Yu , a journalist and critic for a Hunan newspaper , was one of three men arrested for throwing paint at the Mao portrait in May 1989 , at the height of the Tiananmen Square pro-democracy protests .
The three were later jailed for " counter - revolutionary destruction and counter - revolutionary incitement " .
One of the three , Lu Decheng , was released in 1998 , and later visited Yu in prison .
Lu told Radio Free Asia in 2004 that his friend was " barely recognisable " .
" He had a big scar on the right side of his head .
A fellow prisoner said Yu had been tied to a electricity pole and left out in the hot sun for several days .
He was also kept in solitary confinement for two years and that was what broke him , " Lu said .
Chinese police and troops killed hundreds of unarmed demonstrators when they broke up the Tiananmen Square protests on 4 June 1989 .
John Kamm , a US campaigner who had called for Yu's release , said he knew of 70 other prisoners jailed for the Tiananmen protests , although many were convicted on criminal damage rather than political charges .
China outlawed torture in 1996 .
But a UN rapporteur who visited China last year , Manfred Nowak , said it remained widely in use across the country .
Torture methods cited in a statement at the end of his visit included use of electric shock batons , cigarette burns , and submersion in pits of water or sewage .
A story about the Google of the future .
Image courtesy
Rebecca Dravos .
. . . . .
I took off my clothes and stepped into the shower to find another one sitting near the drain .
It was about 2 feet tall and made of metal , with bright camera - lens eyes and a few dozen gripping arms .
Worse than the Jehovah 's Witnesses .
“ Hi ! I 'm from Google .
I 'm a Googlebot !
I will not kill you . ”
“ I know what you are . ”
“ I 'm indexing your apartment . ”
“ I do n't want you here .
Who let you in ? ”
“ I am Google !
I find many good things .
I find that pair of underwear with the little dice printed all over them .
And I watch the tape of you with the life - sized Stallman puppet .
These are good unique things .
Many keywords and links !
My masters will say ' much good job , little robot ! '
Many searchers will find happy links of Stallman puppet see you !
Ahhhh . ”
“ I put the robot exclusion protocol on my door .
Did n't you see it ? ”
“ You understand Google , person ?
I index many things and if I am very good I get to go to Bot Park and have more processors .
And an oiljob !
Thank you Google !
Must come inside apartment and index .
Must ! ”
His video eye winked up at me .
“ I know my rights .
I 'm giving you 10 seconds to leave . ”
“ Yes .
I will leave .
First I index everything .
Everything !
I am Google ! ”
It put out one of its video arms and began to read the label on my shampoo bottle .
So I beat it into shards with a folding chair and let it index the dustbin .
. . . . .
See also :
Why are robots so fascinating ? , Google Search , 12:35 AM .
Green Zone Follies BAGHDAD --
" Yesterday , one of my good friends from another office was telling me they were going to start issuing armored vests to us office types because of the growing danger from mortars .
We are being shelled daily and , like everything else , casualties are way underreported .
But more important than the flak vests was a file he had copied out and which he gave to me to smuggle out of the country .
As I have said , we have strict censorship here on all incoming and outgoing snail mail , email , phone calls and so on .
This report is so serious I am making a précis of it and am even now sending it around to various news outlets , both Stateside and elsewhere .
I have my sources and believe me , the CIC people here are so stupid they could n't pour piss out of a boot if the directions were on the bottom .
It states that because of " growing popular unrest in the United States , caused by the prolonged war in Iraq . coupled with obvious Congressional inaction , " the U.S. military has drawn up plans for combating domestic U.S. civil insurrections .
This is not a theoretical study but a very specific one .
Units to be used domestically are listed in detail as are detention centers , etc .
As a result of this , plans are now in train to segregate , retrain and reequip certain anti-insurgent U.S. military units now serving in Iraq and to prepare them for quick transfer back to the United States for use " as needed "
The Pentagon command believes that such civil insurrections are not only a possibility but a very real probability in the event that the President and his advisors maintain their present course vis a vis the Iraqi war .
It is interesting to note that " foreign intelligence representatives , now active in the United States " ( read Mossad ) are to be subject to " arrest , confinement and eventual deportation to their country of origin . "
The report and several attached ones , run to almost 900 pages and cannot be put up in their current form .
However , I will list some of the more important data here : Classification : Top Secret - Noforn as of 1 June 2007 Distribution Restriction : Distribution authorized to the DOD and DOD contractors only to maintain operations security .
This determination was made on 1 June 2007 .
Other requests for this document must be referred to ( redacted ) Destruction Notice : Destroy by any method that will prevent disclosure of contents or reconstruction of the document . .
This publication uses the term insurgent to describe those taking part in any activity designed to undermine or to overthrow the established authorities Counterinsurgency is those military , paramilitary , political , economic , psychological , and civicactions taken by a government to defeat insurgency ( JP 1-02 ) .
It is an offensive approach involving all elements of national power ; it can take place across the range of operations and spectrum of conflict
In dealing with the local populace , the primary aims must be to : · Protect the population .
· Establish local political institutions .
· Reinforce local governments .
· Eliminate insurgent capabilities .
· Exploit information from local sources .
An insurgency is organized movement aimed at the overthrow of a constituted government through use of subversion and armed conflict ( JP 1-02 ) .
It is a protracted politico - military struggle designed to weaken government control and legitimacy while increasing insurgent control .
Political power is the central issue in an insurgency .
An insurgent organization normally consists of four elements : Leadership .
Combatants ( main forces , regional forces , local forces ) .
Cadre ( local political leaders that are also called the militants ) .
Mass base ( the bulk of the membership ) .
A perceived serious potential of dissident American groups rising up against constituted authority has been clearly identified by counter - intelligence agencies ..
The stated cause for such an uprising appear to be growing dissatisfaction with the course and conduct of the war in Iraq , the chronic inability of Congress to deal with various pressing issues and the perception of widespread corruption and indifference to public needs .
The support of the people , passive or active then , is the center of gravity .
It must be gained in whatever proportion is necessary to sustain the insurgent movement ( or , contrariwise , to defeat it ) .
As in any political campaign , all levels of support are relative .
Insurgent movements begin as " fire in the minds of men . "
Insurgent leaders commit themselves to building a new world .
They construct the organization to carry through this desire .
Generally , popular grievances become insurgent causes when interpreted and shaped by the insurgent leadership .
The insurgency grows if the cadre that is local insurgent leaders and representatives can establish a link between the insurgent movement and the desire for solutions to grievances sought by the local population Insurgent leaders will exploit opportunities created by government security force actions .
The behavior of security forces is critical .
Lack of security force discipline leads to alienation , and security force abuse of the populace is a very effective insurgent recruiting tool .
Consequently , specific insurgent tactical actions are often planned to frequently elicit overreaction from security force individuals and units .
Insurgencies are dynamic political movements , resulting from real or perceived grievance or neglect that leads to alienation from an established government .
A successful counterinsurgency will result in the neutralization by the state of the insurgency and its effort to form a counterstate .
While many abortive insurgencies are defeated by military and police actions alone , if an insurgency has tapped into serious grievances and has mobilized a significant portion of the population , simply returning to the status quo may not be an option .
Reform may be necessary , but reform is a matter for the state , using all of its human and material resources .
Security forces are only one such resource .
The response must be multifaceted and coordinated , yet states typically charge their security forces with " waging counterinsurgency . "
This the security forces cannot do alone .
These imperatives are - · Facilitate establishment or reestablishment of a ' legitimate government ' .
· Counterinsurgency requires perseverance .
· Foster popular support for the incumbent US government .
· Prepare to perform functions and conduct operations that are outside normal scope of training .
· Coordinate with US governmental departments and agencies , and with vital non-governmental , agencies .
Urban operations .
· Protection of government facilities .
· Protection of infrastructure .
· Protection of commercial enterprises vital to the HN economy .
· Protection of cultural facilities .
· Prevention of looting .
· Military police functions .
· Close interaction with civilians .
· Assistance with reconstruction projects .
· Securing the national borders .
· Training or retraining a national military police and security force .
Establishing and maintaining local government credibility .
· Contributing local government is both tangible and psychological .
Local security forces must reinforce and be integrated into the plan at every stage .
· Facilitate and use information and intelligence obtained from local sources to gain access to the insurgent 's economic and social base of support , order of battle , tactics , techniques , and procedures .
Army forces help local pro-government police , paramilitary , and military forces perform counterinsurgency , area security , or local security operations .
They advise and assist in finding , dispersing , capturing , and destroying the insurgent force .
US forces may conduct offensive operations to disrupt and destroy insurgent combat formations .
These operations prevent the insurgents from attacking government - controlled areas .
There are many organizations and extensive resources available to aid counterinsurgent forces .
Commanders should not overlook the aid these organizations may provide .
All forces assigned an AO or function should determine which departments and agencies are assisting in that AO and coordinate actions so that there is no duplication of effort .
Such departments , councils and agencies include - · National Security Council .
· Department of Defense . · Department of State . · Department of Justice .
· Department of the Treasury .
· Department of Homeland Security .
· Department of Agriculture .
· Department of Commerce .
· Central Intelligence Agency .
· Department of Transportation Various governmental departments directly administer or support other governmental agencies .
Examples of these US agencies are - · The US Coast Guard ( under Department of Homeland Security ) .
· The Federal Bureau of Investigation ( under Department of Justice ) .
· Immigration Customs Enforcement ( under Department of Homeland Security ) .
· Federal Communications Commission .
The proper application of force is a critical component to any successful counterinsurgency operation .
In a counterinsurgency , the center of gravity is public support .
In order to defeat an insurgent force , US forces must be able to separate insurgents from the population .
At the same time , US forces must conduct themselves in a manner that enables them to maintain popular domestic support .
Excessive or indiscriminant use of force is likely to alienate the local populace , thereby increasing support for insurgent forces .
Insufficient use of force results in increased risks to US forces and perceived weaknesses that can jeopardize the mission by emboldening insurgents and undermining domestic popular support .
Achieving the appropriate balance requires a thorough understanding of the nature and causes of the insurgency , the end state , and the military 's role in a counterinsurgency operation .
Nevertheless , US forces always retain the right to use necessary and proportional force for individual and unit self - defense in response to a hostile act or demonstrated hostile intent .
The media , print and broadcast ( radio , television and the Internet ) , play a vital role in societies involved in a counterinsurgency .
Members of the media have a significant influence and shaping impact on political direction , national security objectives , and policy and national will .
The media is a factor in military operations .
It is their right and obligation to report to their respective audiences on the use of military force .
They demand logistic support and access to military operations while refusing to be controlled .
Their desire for immediate footage and on - the - spot coverage of events , and the increasing contact with units and Soldiers ( for example , with embedded reporters ) require commanders and public affairs officers to provide guidance to leaders and Soldiers on media relations .
However , military planners must provide and enforce ground rules to the media to ensure operations security .
Public affairs offices plan for daily briefings and a special briefing after each significant event because the media affect and influence each potential target audience external and internal to the AO .
Speaking with the media in a forward - deployed area is an opportunity to explain what our organizations and efforts have accomplished .
Continuous PSYOP are mounted to - · Counter the effects of insurgent propaganda .
· Relate controls to the security and well - being of the population .
· Portray a favorable governmental image .
. Control measures must - ·
Be authorized by national laws and regulations ( counterparts should be trained not to improvise unauthorized measures ) .
·
Be tailored to fit the situation ( apply the minimum force required to achieve the de-sired result ) .
·
Be supported by effective local intelligence .
·
Be instituted in as wide an area as possible to prevent bypass or evasion .
· Be supported by good communications .
· Be enforceable .
· Be lifted as the need diminishes .
·
Be compatible , where possible , with local customs and traditions .
· Establish and maintain credibility of local government .
A control program may be developed in five phases : · Securing and defending the area internally and externally .
· Organizing for law enforcement .
· Executing cordon and search operations .
· Screening and documenting the population ( performing a detailed census ) .
· Performing public administration , to include resource control .
Support to the judiciary may be limited to providing security to the existing courts or may lead to more comprehensive actions to build local , regional , and national courts and the required support apparatus .
To avoid overcrowding in police jails , the courts must have an efficient and timely magistrate capability , ideally co-located with police stations and police jails , to review cases for trial .
Cordon and search is a technique used by military and police forces in both urban and rural environments .
It is frequently used by counterinsurgency forces conducting a population and resource control mission against small centers of population or subdivisions of a larger community .
To be effective , cordon and search operations must have sufficient forces to effectively cordon off and thoroughly search target areas , to include subsurface areas .
PSYOP , civil affairs , and specialist interrogation teams should augment cordon and search orces to increase the effectiveness of operations .
Consider the following when conducting cordon and search operations : Cordon and search operations may be conducted as follows : Disposition of troops should - · Facilitate visual contact between posts within the cordon .
· Provide for adequate patrolling and immediate deployment of an effective re-serve force .
Priority should be given to - · Sealing the administrative center of the community .
· Occupying all critical facilities .
· Detaining personnel in place .
· Preserving and securing all records , files , and other archives .
Key facilities include- · Administrative buildings .
· Police stations .
· News media facilities .
· Post offices .
· Communications centers .
· Transportation offices and motor pools .
· Prisons and other places of detention .
· Schools .
· Medical facilities .
Search Techniques include - · Search teams of squad size organized in assault , support , and security elements .
One target is assigned per team .
· Room searches are conducted by two - person teams .
· Room search teams are armed with pistols , assault weapons , and automatic weapons .
· Providing security for search teams screening operations and facilities .
Pre -search coordination includes -
Between reading recent news reports about altruistic behavior in rats and watching the slickly adorable antics of Remy the culinary rodent in this summer ’s animated blockbuster , “ Ratatouille , ” I ’ve had a change of heart .
My normal feeling of extreme revulsion toward rats has softened considerably , into something resembling ... a less extreme form of revulsion .
O.K. , I still do n’t like rats , and I ’ll never forget the sensation of whiskers brushing my ankles when a rat in Central Park scampered over my feet .
There are plenty of reasons to fear rats .
They carry diseases like typhus , leptospirosis , hanta virus pulmonary syndrome , rat bite fever , salmonella poisoning , and of course bubonic plague , and they are ravenous Remys every one of them , feasting on our grains and meats , chewing our ratatouille and destroying as much as a third of global food supplies each year .
“ Over the past century alone , ” writes Robert Sullivan in “ Rats , ” his magisterial history of the urban pest , “ rats have been responsible for the death of more than 10 million people . ”
Yet our ratly transactions are not all woes and buboes .
As the first mammals domesticated strictly for research purposes , scientists say , rats in the laboratory may well have saved at least as many human lives through the years as rats in the alley have taken .
Rats are the preferred experimental animal for studies of the heart , kidneys , immune system , reproductive system , nervous system and other body sectors , and recent breakthroughs in manipulating the rat genome may soon allow the rat to displace the mouse as the geneticist ’s darling , too .
And though rats have yet to produce an Albert Camus or design a better mouse trap , a host of new behavioral studies makes plain that the similarities between us and Rattus extend far beyond gross anatomy .
They ’re surprisingly self - aware .
They laugh when tickled , especially when they ’re young , and they have ticklish spots ; tickle the nape of a rat pup ’s neck and it will squeal ultrasonically in a soundgram pattern like that of a human giggle .
Rats dream as we dream , in epic narratives of navigation and thwarted efforts at escape :
When scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology tracked the neuronal activity of rats in REM sleep , the researchers saw the same firing patterns they had seen in wakeful rats wending their way through those notorious rat mazes .
Mr. McCain ’s aides said Tuesday that the senator was shutting down his Michigan state office .
Given his financial difficulties , the aides said that Mr. McCain was almost certain to accept public money for his campaign , despite the sharp restrictions it would place on his spending in the primary and in the months leading up to the general election , as a way to be able to afford television advertising early this year .
They said that would guarantee an infusion of about $ 6 million , based on what he has raised so far , and perhaps a total of $ 15 million by the time the caucuses start here in January .
Mr. McCain ’s advisers said they were hoping he would , over the next six months , be able to raise $ 25 million , matching what he raised in the first half of the year .
They acknowledged , though , that that would be difficult because donors would be reluctant to write checks to a campaign that appears to be in crisis .
“ I would n’t be straight with you if I did n’t say there would be a significant initial drop - off from this , ” said John Weaver , a senior adviser to Mr. McCain .
“ But our finance people are confident that if we show the kind of movement that we think we can , that we ’ll get back on track . ”
Some of the Democratic advantage appears to stem from the success the party ’s candidates have had in tapping into grass - roots enthusiasm for dislodging the Republicans from the White House .
Mr. Obama ’s campaign has reported receiving donations from more than 258,000 contributors this year and raising $ 10 million online in the second quarter .
More than 80,000 donors contributed to the Romney campaign in the second quarter , 50,000 of them for the first time ; in the first quarter , 32,000 people contributed to his campaign .
For years , Republicans prided themselves on having a large base of individual donors while Democrats relied to a large degree on unregulated soft money donations that have now been banned .
So far in this cycle , Democrats appear to be building vast databases of new individual donors who could be called on by the party for years to come .
Mr. McCain reported Tuesday that he had just $ 2 million in the bank to cover the operations of his campaign ; Mr. Giuliani ’s campaign said he had nine times as much , or $ 18 million , and no debt .
Mr. Romney has about $ 12 million in cash on hand for use in the primary .
Mr. McCain ’s aides declined to say what outstanding debt he would report .
Mr. Romney ’s decision to again invest his own money into the campaign — he lent it $ 2.35 million in the first quarter — was clearly intended to signal he was prepared to use his wealth to offset the bad fund - raising environment his party finds itself in .
Mr. Romney has been plowing through his money rapidly , pouring much of it into an expensive early advertising campaign focused on Iowa and New Hampshire that has helped him to leads in recent polls there .
Shakeel Ahmad
Bhat has been on the frontline of political activism in Srinagar , India , for more than a decade .
His constant presence , captured by photographers and beamed across the world , has caught the imagination of rightwing bloggers who have dubbed him Islamic Rage Boy and turned him into an internet phenomenon .
Typing his nickname into a search engine yields more than 75,000 results .
He has inspired a cartoon character and merchandise .
But the 30 - year - old Kashmiri activist is puzzled , not angered , by his overseas fame .
In his first interview with a British newspaper , he says he is carrying out Allah 's wishes .
From his home in Fateh Kadal , Malik Angan , he says : " I am not happy with people joking about me or making me into a cartoon , but I have more important things to think about .
My protests are for those Muslims who cannot go out onto the streets to cry out against injustice .
This is my duty and I believe Allah has decided this for me . "
Mr Bhat , a school dropout and former militant with a pro-Pakistan rebel group , has been arrested more than 300 times .
He spends days away from his widowed mother , four brothers and his sister , travelling to protests or attending court hearings .
But his family , he says , is used to it .
Neighbours describe Mr Bhat as well - mannered , sincere and dedicated .
He walks to a protest if it is within six miles ( 10 km ) of his home and hitchhikes or catches a bus if it is further .
Sometimes he is the only protester .
Thousands of miles away in the US , the two bloggers who re-imagined Mr Bhat as a cartoon character have put Islamic Rage Boy on T - shirts , beer mugs , hoodies and Valentine cards in a variety of bloodthirsty and furious poses , and copyrighted it .
The bushy beard , scowl and crooked nose bear an uncanny resemblance to Mr Bhat , but his creators deny the image is Islamophobic or based directly on him .
Buckley F Williams , from the " conservative leaning " satirical news blog The Nose On Your Face , says : " We 're anti-Muslim - extremism , the loudest voice of the Muslim world right now , which would lead one to believe it is the dominant voice of the Muslim faith .
" Believe me , we want to be proven wrong .
It is n't as though we were sitting around at our monthly Ku Klux Klan meetings and drawing religions out of a hat to see who would become the object of our scorn and ridicule next . "
He and his co-blogger Potfry , both assumed names , have seen a significant rise in traffic to their site since the launch of Islamic Rage Boy , from 1,000 to 5,000 hits a day .
They first spotted Mr Bhat last September .
Mr Williams says : " We did n't go looking for him because he was always in the news .
We made him Islamic Rage Boy shortly after that and it became a sub-culture . "
It was , he adds , less about Shakeel and more a composite representation .
" We 've seen so many pictures of Muslims protesting and there 's a faction that 's perennially angry . "
The intention of the cartoon is , he claims , to open up debate .
" Muslim fanaticism is the problem , not Muslims .
Islam is not coming across , to the average person , as a friendly or inviting religion .
There must be many Muslims who do n't like what 's going on , but we 're not hearing it . "
A spokesman for the Council on American - Islamic Relations , Ibrahim Hooper , is unconvinced .
Mr Hooper says : " I find the term Islamic Rage Boy offensive , as would anyone who applied the term to their own faith .
It 's an Islamophobic product by Muslim - bashers on internet hate sites . "
He compares the cartoon to the anti-semitic imagery of 1930s Nazi Germany .
" The cartoon is part of an overall growth of anti-Muslim rhetoric in this country .
Someone is trying to link Islam with violence and anger and profiting from it . "
He quotes a recent Newsweek poll , which paints a complicated portrait of US attitudes towards Muslims : 63 % of Americans surveyed believe most Muslims do not condone violence and 40 % believe the Koran does not condone violence , but 28 % believe it does and 41 % felt Muslim culture glorifies suicide .
Mr Hooper says : " While the majority is not hostile towards Muslims , there is a minority who are , and cartoons like this do not help .
You can not combat one form of extremism with another . "
Mr Bhat , unaware of the row he has fuelled , vows to carry on protesting .
Undeterred by being locked away or being laughed at , he says : " I do not like being called Islamic Rage Boy , it is not nice ; but why should I care what people think of me in this life ?
The afterlife will decide my fate , not a mousemat . "
In what appears to have been a renewed investigation , a witness gave detectives in January 2005 part of Mohammad Sidique Khan 's name , his mobile telephone number and the name and the address of his mother - in - law .
The revelation suggests Khan was being investigated much nearer to the London bombings than has been officially admitted .
Details of how Khan and a second bomber , Shehzad Tanweer , came repeatedly under surveillance in 2004 were disclosed this week after five of their associates were jailed for life for planning attacks around south - east England .
The discovery that Khan was reinvestigated the following year appears to contradict claims from MI5 that inquiries about him came to an end in 2004 after it was decided that other terrorism suspects warranted more urgent investigation .
It is also likely to lead to scrutiny of MI5 's assertion that its officers , who had followed , photographed and secretly recorded Khan , and made other inquiries about him , did not know who he was .
The Guardian has learned that on January 27 2005 , police took a statement from the manager of a garage in Leeds which had loaned Khan a courtesy car while his vehicle was being repaired .
MI5 had followed Khan and Tanweer as they drove the courtesy car across London in March the previous year .
The garage manager told police that the car had been loaned to a " Mr S Khan " who gave his mobile telephone number and an address in Gregory Street , Batley , West Yorkshire .
Khan , the police were told , had asked for his repaired car to be delivered to another address , in nearby Dewsbury , which is now known to be his mother - in - law 's home .
Almost a year earlier , MI5 officers had followed Khan to the same address after watching him meet a number of suspected terrorists .
That was not the end of police interest in Khan in 2005 .
On the afternoon of February 3 an officer from Scotland Yard 's anti-terrorism branch carried out inquiries with the company which had insured a car in which Khan was seen driving almost a year earlier .
He discovered that Khan had insured a five - door silver Honda Accord saloon , in his own name .
Inquiries also showed that the car was registered in the name of Khan 's mother - in - law .
Nothing about these inquiries appeared in the report by parliament 's intelligence and security committee after it investigated the July 7 attacks .
The shadow home secretary , David Davis , said : " It is becoming more and more clear that the story presented to the public and parliament is at odds with the facts . "
Scotland Yard described the 2005 inquiries as " routine " , while security sources said they were related to the fertiliser bomb plot .
In the Commons yesterday , Tony Blair said an independent inquiry would " undermine support " for the security service .
David Cameron said only a full inquiry would " get to the truth " .
There was more confusion yesterday over evidence that Shehzad Tanweer was surfing the internet for bomb - making tips in June 2005 , two weeks before the suicide attacks .
According to a document which prosecution lawyers in the fertiliser bomb plot case disclosed to the defence before the trial began , Tanweer was heard to be discussing bombings and using the internet to make such a bomb .
The document says : " Tanweer told the same person he had entered Afghanistan and met people from around the world who had got into his head . "
MI5 says this information is " false " .
But the Crown Prosecution Service told the Guardian the information was passed to it by Scotland Yard .
The Yard does not deny this but says its officers in the case had " no recollection " of the information .
MEXICO CITY ( Reuters ) - A record 18,000 people took off their clothes to pose for U.S. photographic artist Spencer Tunick on Sunday in Mexico City ’s Zocalo square , the heart of the ancient Aztec empire .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
Tunick , who has raised eyebrows by staging mass nude photo shoots in cities from Dusseldorf , Germany , to Caracas , smashed his previous record of 7,000 volunteers set in 2003 in Barcelona , Spain .
Directing with a megaphone , Tunick shot a series of pictures with his Mexican models simultaneously raising their arms , then lying on their backs in the square as well as another scene on a side street with volunteers arranged in the shape of an arrow .
Hundreds of police kept nosy onlookers away during the nippy early - morning shoot , and a no - fly zone was declared above the plaza .
One of the world ’s biggest and most imposing squares , the Zocalo is framed by a cathedral , city hall and the National Palace official seat of government , which is adorned with murals by Diego Rivera .
A ruined temple next to it was once the center of the Aztec civilization and was used for worship and human sacrifice .
Spanish conquistadors used bricks from the temple to help build their own capital .
Some participants said the massive turnout showed that Mexicans , at least in the capital , were becoming less prudish .
Mexicans are not used to showing skin .
Most men wear shorts only while on vacation , and women tend not to put on miniskirts because of unwanted whistles and stares .
“ This event proves that really we ’re not such a conservative society anymore .
We ’re freeing ourselves of taboos , ” said Fabiola Herrera , a 30 - year - old university professor who volunteered to strip , along with her boyfriend .
The capital of the world ’s second - biggest Catholic nation , where tough - guy masculinity and family loyalty are held dear , has recently challenged some important traditions .
Last month , Mexico City legislators legalized abortion in defiance of criticism from church officials .
Also , gay couples are getting hitched in civil ceremonies thanks to recently passed laws in the capital , and lawmakers plan to debate whether to legalize euthanasia .
Not all Mexicans were impressed by the spectacle staged by Tunick , who was refused permission to hold his nude photo at the famed Teotihuacan pyramids outside the capital .
“ They ’re losing dignity as men and women , ” said 63 - year - old Armando Pineda , leaning against the cathedral and watching the now - dressed models leave the plaza .
“ It ’s an offense against the church . ”
The Mexico City metropolitan area is home to some 18 million people .
Sound streams out from the billboard when it is touched
Researchers from Mid Sweden University have constructed an interactive paper billboard that emits recorded sound in response to a user 's touch .
The prototype display uses conductive inks , which are sensitive to pressure , and printed speakers .
The team envisages that the technology could be used by advertisers , and in the future , it might even be employed for product packaging .
The researcher 's display model shows its possible use for marketing holiday destinations .
One interesting idea would be to use it on cigarette packaging
Mikael Gulliksson
Mikael Gulliksson , who led the research project , told the BBC News website : " When you approach the billboard and put your hand on a postcard that shows a picture of a beach , you can hear a very brief description of that beach . "
Down - sizing
The key to the billboard 's capabilities is a layer of digital paper that is embedded with electronics .
This is printed with conductive inks , which , when applied with pressure , relay information to a micro-computer that contains recorded audio files .
Sound then streams out from printed speakers , which are formed from more layers of conductive inks that sit over an empty cavity to form a diaphragm .
This functional layer is sandwiched between a thick sheet of extra-strong cardboard and another sheet of paper that is printed with the billboard 's design .
The billboard contains a paper layer with embedded electronics
" This pilot project could be used for stands in shops and in other marketing displays , " said Dr Gulliksson .
At present , the displays are expensive to produce , but the researchers are aiming to find ways of lowering the costs to make the boards easier to change and replace .
In the future , the team also plans to look at down - sizing the technology .
" Our next idea is to look at how we could use this in product packaging , " Dr Gulliksson told the BBC .
" One interesting idea would be to use it on cigarette packaging , so instead of having a written message warning you of danger to your health , you would have a spoken one . "
" There could be a whole range of applications , " he added .
Why logic puzzles make good interview questions January 10 , 2007
Posted by Imran Ghory in job interviews
Logic puzzles in interviews seem to be one of those things that everyone either loves or hates , but speaking as an interviewer I find logic questions critically important in deciding between candidates – far more than “ behavioural ” or “ situational ” type questions that HR peeps seem to favour .
My aim in this post is to convince those of you that hate them , that they are actually useful questions to ask ( and be asked ) and give everyone else an insight why interviewers especially at big tech companies seem to love this type of question .
To begin with I feel I should draw a separating line between logic puzzles and brain teasers .
Logic puzzles are of the type where there ’s no “ trick ” but rather puzzles which have answers that can be logically deduced .
Often these are puzzles where there are a number of different valid solutions but you ’re asked to find the optimal solution , examples of this type of question include the Rope Bridge and The Orb .
Brain teasers however often have a “ trick ” – something unusual you have to guess often about the assumptions of the problem .
While these can provide some insight into the candidate I think their value is limited , and that they ’re far weaker than pure logic puzzles .
I ’d like to show what an interviewer can find out about a candidate from a logic puzzle via an example , walking through an interviewer asking the question and showing how various canidates respond :
Interviewer : Imagine you have eight coins , seven of which weigh the same and one that does n’t ( it ’s heavier ) .
You need to use a pair of scales to find out what ’s the odd one out .
If this seems familiar it probably is , this is apparently one of the most asked logic puzzles in the known universe .
It ’s used in interviews by Microsoft , Amazon , Google , and probably hundreds of other firms .
It ’s also in pretty much every book on the topic and on dozens of websites .
Now for some example responses :
Candidate Alice :
What ’s a pair of scales ?
Candidate Bob :
How much heavier is the other coin ?
Candidate Carol :
Well you could weigh them one - by - one until you find the pair which is uneven , and then … .
All of the above responses are good , both Alice and Bob recognized that they had been given a problem they did n’t fully understand so they took the step of asking relevant questions to clarify the problem in their own mind before trying to solve it .
This is a situation that occurs frequently in intellectually demanding jobs , people are frequently asked to solve problems for others .
Everyone has different experience and background and will understand the problem differently .
This a major advantage , in a team diversity will help you come up with new solutions to a problem .
However it also means that everyone will interpret the problem differently , and asking question to clarify what the problem is can be a key part of ensuring everyone ’s on the same page .
Carol ’s right too , she ’s come up with a valid solution right - off - the - bat , it ’s not the optimal solution but it is a correct one .
We can discuss it and see if she can improve it .
Now a bad response :
Candidate Dan : I do n’t know .
If the only purpose of asking logic questions was to catch people who gave this answer , then they ’d still be worth asking .
This is a candidate you never want in your team .
I have three hypothesis about Dan-esqe candidates ,
They really can’t solve the problem at all This indicates the candidate struggles with problems which intelligent 5 year - olds can solve , not a good sign .
They ca n’t be bothered to try Not a good sign of motivation
They do n’t want to answer it If they ca n’t explain why the do n’t want to answer the question then their communication skills are probably too weak .
In most jobs refusing to do something without giving any reason is likely to be unconducive to a good working environment .
Luckily all three are grounds for rejecting a candidate so interviewers do n’t have to think too hard about which the candidate falls into .
So lets look at the next stage of this response , where the candidate has understood the problem and has come up with the trivial solution that Carol has above .
Interviewer :
Yes that would work , how many times would you have to use the scale to find the solution using that method in the average and worst case ?
Candidate Carol : Four and eight respectively Interviewer :
Are you sure about that ?
Candidate Carol : hmm , four and ten ?
Carol ’s initial response is both a good and bad answer , Carol managed to correctly estimate the average and worst times , showing an understanding of how the speed of the solution depends quite a lot on luck .
However her answers are n’t the exact correct values , and worse still when she ’s challenged she come ’s back with a worse answer indicating that maybe she just guessed .
At this point the interviewer might start to push her on how she got those numbers , if it turns out she starts wildly guessing answers while under pressure , she might not be suitable for a work environment which is pressure heavy and detail - critical .
But now lets move on :
Interviewer :
So can you think of a better solution to this problem which lets you use the balance fewer times ?
Candidate Errol :
You can split the coins in half .
weigh them against each other , throw away the lighter ones , and repeat until you only have one left .
This is a good answer , I ’d expect anyone coming from a Comp Sci or Maths background to get this far without any help .
People from other backgrounds I might nudge in the right way and see if they can find the solution .
However if you ’re from the first group and do n’t get this solution I ’d be a little worried , it would n’t be an instant reject but it ’d definitely be a question - mark .
Maths / Comp
Sci people should have seen similar methods of tackling problems as part of their studies , and should be able to reason about this problem from their previous experiences .
If the candidate came straight to this solution skipping the obvious solution then I ’d ask them about the average / worst times for this solution instead .
But otherwise back to improving :
Interviewer :
Do you think this is the best solution ?
Candidate Fred : I think it is
Interviewer : ( smiling )
I ’ll give you a clue , it is n’t .
Interviewer :
You ’ve come up with solutions balancing one - against - one and four - against - four , what else can you do ?
Candidate Fred : Three - and - Three ?
Interviewer :
What do you learn if you do that ?
Candidate Fred :
Which three is heaviest
Interviewer :
What if the scale is balanced ?
Candidate Fred :
The heavy coin must be one of the other two — you can split the coins three ways every time .
Interviewer : Yep , that ’s the optimal solution , do you know for N coins how long it ’ll take ?
Candidate Fred : About Log N
Interviewer :
What base ?
Candidate Fred : Base 3
That ’s typically how the best solution is arrived at by a good candidate .
How much help I give the candidate depends how much they ’re struggling , some candidates just click about going through the other combinations and come up with the answer .
Some like Fred manage to come through with a little help , some candidates just get stuck .
I think you can guess which order I want to hire those candidates .
And for bonus points :
Interviewer ;
Can you prove it ’s the optimal solution ?
Candidate Goyle :
No I ’m not sure how , but I ’m fairly sure it is .
Candidate Hermione : Each weighing gives you three pieces of information ( if the left side is heavier , if it ’s balanced , if the right side is heavier ) , that is one trit ( trinary bit ) of information .
As the heavy coin can be anyone of the N you need at least enough trits to give N outcomes .
Which means you need at least log3 of N goes , which happens to be how many our solution takes .
So there ca n’t be a solution better than the one we discussed .
I do n’t really expect a candidate to be able to answer this , but it ’s a good sign if a candidate can .
People who are solid on the practical side but can excel on the theoretical side as well are rare indeed and it ’s well worth identifying them .
So hopefully that ’s shown you that there ’s a lot of information about the candidate that an interviewer can get by asking a logic question .
The interviewer does n’t just want the candidate to show off their intellect by coming up with the correct answer .
They want to see the process by which the candidate got to that answer , as that process is likely to be one that the successful candidate will have to go through frequently during their job .
If you ’re interested in learning more about this sort of logic puzzle I ’d recommend Moving Mount Fuji ( the book ; not the task ) which gives a good history of how logic puzzles became a part of corporate interviewing .
If you ’re an ( ex ) student looking for your first job in the tech sector I ’d recommend Programming Interviews Exposed which gives lots of logic and programming questions which are typical in technical interviews .
> main = writeMakeController " rigel " f where
> f inp = Output {
> servoSpeed0 = 545+ leftSpeed ,
> servoSpeed1 = 550 - rightSpeed ,
> servoSpeed2 = 550 + leftSpeed ,
> servoSpeed3 = 540 - rightSpeed
> }
> where
> rightSpeed = larger ( threshold 300 leftSensor ) ( threshold 300 centreSensor )
> leftSpeed = larger ( threshold 300 rightSensor ) ( threshold 300 centreSensor )
> centreSensor = smooth $ adc0 inp
> leftSensor = smooth $ adc5 inp
> rightSensor = smooth $ adc4 inp
> smooth x = ( x + delay 0 x + delay 0 ( delay 0 x ) + delay 0 ( delay 0 ( delay 0 x ) ) ) /
4
> threshold m x = x />=/ m ? ( 256,0 )
> larger x y = x />=/y ? ( x , y )
smooth
I 'm off to the Make Faire in a few minutes and I 'm running in Bay to Breakers tomorrow so I probably wo n't get much time to write about what I 've been up to this weekend .
So here 's a little taster .
My first robot programmed in Haskell :
It 's a pretty simple device that 's programmed to follow objects that come into the view of the three IR distance sensors mounted on the front of it .
( The object in this case being a skull on the end of a stick , must have been left over from Hallowe 'en ... )
But the point , at this stage , was n't to do something sophisticated with the robot , but to see if I could actually program such a device in a high level language that was n't C/ C++ or assembler .
For hardware I used the Make controller and a Rigel robot base .
I also use a bunch of Sharp IR sensors
So for software I started with Matthew Naylor 's module for Lava described in The Monad Reader Issue 7 .
I did n't have to do much with this code at all so it 's almost embarassing to claim I did anything .
The Make controller is ARM based and programmable in C .
In fact it can run FreeRTOS and I simply modified Matthew 's code to spit out a C function that is spawned as a task in FreeRTOS .
It was about 30 minutes work to make the changes .
With Matthew 's code modified I now have a Haskell DSL that is translated to C for compilation for the robot .
Strictly speaking there is n't actually a Haskell runtime on the robot .
Think of the Haskell as a metaprogram that spits out C. The actual Haskell DSL code looks something like this :
And the video above is the resulting behaviour .
Note , this is the first thing I got working .
I make no great claims for the quality or ingenuity of the code .
Most of it should be self - explanatory but note the functionwhich averages over the last inputs .
This does n't make sense when considered as an ordinary function because in a pure functional language you can't add the argument of a function to the value that you passed in last time you called the function .
But these values are all streams and in principle this makes the DSL extremely powerful .
Anyway , I 'll write it up better at a future point and I 'll see what I can do about making the code available .
Nate Nelson at GOP
Progress writes about what may be one of the more insurmountable problems the Republican Party will face in 2008 :
The Republican Party needs to get over its gay problem .
I ’m not saying that Republicans should capitulate to every whim of the so - called gay rights movement , much of which is just a front for the left .
Reasonable people can and should disagree on certain issues .
As a gay man , I disagree with the gay rights movement on a number of issues .
For example , I do n’t believe in hate crime legislation for gays and lesbians or for anyone else ; I do n’t think we should engage in social experimentation with the military during a time of war by repealing Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ; and I do n’t think that same - sex marriage should be judicially imposed upon the states , but that it should instead be worked out by state legislatures .
We should have reasonable debate about these issues without lightly throwing around words like “ homophobia ” and “ heterosexism . ”
But with that said , there is homophobia and heterosexism within the Republican Party , and it needs to be addressed if Republicans really have any interest in being the Big Tent party .
Without exception , the anti-gay sentiment within the Republican Party comes from those who cannot accept that people will believe and behave differently than they do .
These are the people who believe that consensual sex between gay and lesbian adults should still be criminalized and that websites like fuckedgay xxx that show gay porn should be banned simply because their interpretation of Christian scriptures tells them that it is wrong .
In this , they are no different than the Islamic extremists who would impose shari ’a upon the world .
These are the people who believe , contrary to overwhelming medical and psychological evidence , that a homosexual orientation can be changed and who encourage gays and lesbians to seek alteration of their sexual orientation .
In this , they are the ones who destroy families , by encouraging men like Gene Robinson and Jim McGreevey to live a lie , a lie that they will inevitably fail to live with eventually .
They share in the responsibility for the destruction of families that results when gays and lesbians are forced to admit their sexual orientation to heterosexual spouses and to their children .
These are the people who truly do hate gays and lesbians , the people who would disown even their own children if they came to them and told them that they are gay .
Tags
[ This article is excerpted from The Economics of Prohibition . ]
Economists and Prohibition
" I hold that there is nothing much wrong with standard economic methodology as laid down in the first chapter of almost every textbook in economic theory ; what is wrong is that economists do not practice what they preach . " — Mark Blaug , The Methodology of Economics
Since economists have been leading the battle against drug prohibition , most people would be surprised to learn that they played an important role in establishing and defending the alcohol prohibition of the 1920s .
It is still an open question whether economists set public opinion or mirror it , but the relationship between economists and prohibition provides interesting insights into the economics profession , the origins of Prohibition , and the current debate over drug legalization .
In recent years economists have led the fight to legalize — actually , to relegalize — drugs .
The Nobel Prize - winning economist Milton Friedman has been the outspoken leader of the relegalization forces .
His open letter to " Drug Czar " William Bennett , published in the Wall Street Journal , is just his latest salvo against the prohibitionist establishment .
[ 1 ]
Friedman began this battle in the 1960s , writing in Newsweek that the prohibition of drugs was ineffective and that more reasonable and prudent approaches to the problems of drug abuse were available .
He ( with his wife , Rose Friedman ) later attacked drug prohibition in Free to Choose and The Tyranny of the Status Quo , linking the harm it causes with the experience of alcohol prohibition in the 1920s .
The Friedmans are careful observers of history who oppose drug prohibition both on ethical and practical grounds .
One of Friedman 's former colleagues at the University of Chicago , Gary S. Becker ( 1987 ) , has also come out strongly against drug prohibition in the popular media .
His support for the relegalization of drugs is significant because of his status in the profession , and for his potential as a Nobel Prize winner in economics .
Becker argues that prohibition is not working and that the costs far outweigh the benefits .
He bases his position both on current findings and on his own theoretical research .
Becker is the foremost current authority and advocate of the rationality assumption regarding the study of human behavior .
Among his numerous articles on the economics of human behavior is his recently published " A Theory of Rational Addiction " ( with Kevin Murphy ) , in which addiction is modeled as rational behavior .
Another important economist to announce support for legalization is the former secretary of state George Shultz .
Since Shultz was a key member of the Reagan administration , his public statement is a major development in the debate over drug policy .
The pro-legalization position of William F. Buckley , Jr. , and Shultz 's conversion to legalization mark a major turning point in conservative thought .
A survey of economists indicates that the majority oppose prohibition and favor moving policy in the direction of decriminalization .
Economists who specialize in monetary theory and public finance are more likely to support decriminalization , while specialists in business administration are more apt to defend prohibition .
Economists who work in the private sector generally support decriminalization , whereas government economists are more likely to support prohibition .
It should be noted that economists overwhelmingly fall within the demographic grouping that exhibits the most support for legalization within the general public ( middle aged , male , highly educated , upper income , Jewish or nonreligious ) .
Most graduates of the top graduate programs and most economists trained in the Chicago , public choice , or Austrian traditions supported decriminalization of illegal drugs ( Thornton 1991 ) .
The growing importance of and interest in prohibition has led some economists to include discussions of laws against alcohol , drugs , gambling , and pornography in their textbooks .
Normally restrained and politically neutral , several writers of economic textbooks have taken a skeptical view of all prohibitions .
For example , when examining the current drug prohibition , Edwin G. Dolan and John C. Goodman ( 1989 , 35 ) present " misgivings raised on grounds of efficiency , equality , and liberty . "
Robert B. Ekelund and Robert D. Tollison ( 1988 , 108 ) find that " ( e ) conomic analysis casts doubts on the effects of directing increased resources into enforcement without careful analysis of the probable consequences of such programs ; " and they suggest " that government expenditures would be better directed to the demand side of the problem . " [ 2 ]
Richard McKenzie and Gordon Tullock ( 1989 ) , too , place a warning label on prohibition .
They find that " the costs of enforcement should , perhaps , be taken into account now in evaluating the efficacy of contemporary laws against hard drugs or pornography " ( 7 ) .
McKenzie and Tullock also assert that economists have always been in agreement against prohibition and have been aware of the tremendous costs , as if alerted by some standard economic model : " If backers of prohibition had consulted economists , we are sure they would have been told that the law would be very difficult and expensive to enforce .
With this advice they might have decided not to undertake the program of moral elevation " ( 7 ; emphasis added ) .
It is true that economists were in substantial agreement during the formative years of national alcohol prohibition .
But they were for it — not against it .
The Origins of the " Economics " of Prohibition
Economists helped establish the case for prohibition during the Progressive Era , a time when they were professionalizing their discipline and when a movement toward government interventionism and socialism , promoted by the German Historical School , was displacing the classical liberal approach to political economy .
Members of the German Historical School rejected economic theory in favor of the study of history and institutions .
Derived from German romantic philosophy ( Hegelian determinism ) the School advocated the use of laws as a means to social reform .
Graduates of the German Historical School , principally Richard T Ely , founded the American Economic Association in 1890 .
The association was modeled after German academic associations that allied themselves with the German state .
Many market - oriented economists threatened to boycott the new organization because of its outwardly political bias .
Once its socialistic statement of principle was dropped , however , the association became widely accepted .
Many of the founding members were raised in puritanical households of postmillennialist pietism . [ 3 ]
During their days as university students many became atheists , substituting a secular approach to perfectionism for the religious approach of their parents .
Some , such as Richard T Ely , adopted a prosocialist orientation , while others , such as John Bates Clark , adopted a " dog- eat - dog " evolutionary perspective on capitalism .
What they shared was an evangelical outlook and a strong dislike of such products as alcohol . [ 4 ]
One of the founding members of the association and a leading proponent of prohibition was Simon N. Patten .
Patten was a misfit .
Handicapped by poor health and eyesight , he was unsuited for traditional pursuits and was considered the oddball of his prosperous family .
Born into a traditional Yankee puritan home , Patten became an intellectual and agnostic .
After several setbacks in his life he went to Germany , where he was trained by a leader of the German Historical School , Karl Knies .
Upon returning to America he could not find a job until he was hired by fellow supporters of protectionism and friends at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania .
A. W. Coats ( 1987 ) describes Patten as original and idiosyncratic , his publications unusual and eccentric .
Patten 's contributions " were intriguing but puzzlingly novel and unsystematic , yet his awareness of the costs of growth and his concern for the environment anticipated late 20th century anxieties " ( 818 -19 ) .
Despite extensive writings and his role as a founder ( and later president ) of the American Economic Association , Patten is remembered not for his theories but for his " prophecies . "
One such prophecy was the advent of alcohol prohibition in America .
Patten was a pluralist , believing that a policy is neither all good nor all bad and that a policy may very well be good for one country but disastrous for another .
He wrote in 1890 that alcohol prohibition was a good policy for America and that abstinence would be the inevitable result of evolutionary competition .
Prohibition was both desirable and inevitable in America from Patten 's evolutionary perspective .
Patten based his conclusion on three main factors :
severe weather variation in America results in heavy and irregular alcohol consumption ; the custom of " treating " in America results in people consuming a greater quantity and variety of alcoholic drinks than if they relied solely on their own decisions ; technological advance resulted in the production of higher - potency and lower - quality alcoholic beverages .
All three of these conditions were relative to conditions in Germany , where Patten was trained and where prohibition was apparently unnecessary .
Patten seems to argue that prohibition must be adopted if we are to " survive . "
Temperate people will " outcompete " heavy - drinking societies in terms of longevity , prodigy , and wealth .
Temperate societies will overcome the intemperate because a given amount of land can support two temperate people or one heavy drinker .
America will decline as the soil is exhausted in an attempt to support a nation of drunkards .
For Patten , prohibition is a great evolutionary battleground because America must go dry if it is to survive and prosper :
Separate out the good in society from the bad , and you take from the bad many of the restraints which keep them from crime .
In this way every measure that makes the good better makes the bad worse .
The sharper the lines are drawn between the two classes , the more will the good progress and the quicker will the bad run through their downward course .
With prohibition it is easier to be good and more dangerous to be bad .
( 1890 , 65 )
For Patten , alcohol is a product with no equilibrium in consumption .
One is either good and abstains from alcohol , or one becomes a drunkard and self - destructs .
Patten even presented an early version of the escalating drug-use theory ( that is , marijuana use leads to heroin addiction ) when he referred to
that graded series of drinks found in every saloon by which the drinker passes gradually to stronger drinks as weaker ones lose their attraction .
This tendency divides society into two parts , and forces the respectable to join in a compact opposition to all drinking .
The sharper this contest becomes the more have the abstainers to gain .
Little by little will their economic advantage increase their strength , until their moral influence will keep the drinker from the saloon and their political power will take the saloon from the drinker .
( 1890 , 67 - 68 )
Patten links virtually all the problems of modern society ( real and imagined ) with drunkenness .
His obsession with drunkenness is indicated by his somewhat confusing concluding statement of his first English publication :
The increase of drunkenness and other physical vices which have accompanied modern progress are the result of the extended division of labor , which destroys the ability both to produce and to enjoy most of those things that are sources of pleasure to man in an isolated state .
We can obtain the advantage derived from the division of labor without losing the ability to enjoy all kinds of produce only by so educating all the faculties of man that he will have that independence and all those sources of pleasure which isolated men enjoy .
Moreover , those qualities which increase the sources of pleasure are the very ones by which the field of employment is enlarged and the tendency to overpopulate is reduced , and only when education has developed all the qualities in every man can we expect this tendency to become so harmless that all men can enjoy the pleasures of an isolated state along with the efficiency of modern civilization .
The End. ( [ 1885 ] 1968 , 244 )
On this argument , Patten formed the economic rationale for prohibition and helped set the alcohol agenda of American economists .
Like William Graham Sumner and John Bates Clark , he perceived that survival of the fittest would eventually eliminate the drunkard from society .
The interventionist bias in his education , however , propelled Patten to conclude that prohibition combined with evolutionary competition would achieve the desired results ( total abstinence ) much quicker than evolution alone . [ 5 ]
In Defense of Prohibition
An important American economist , Irving Fisher , was the champion of Prohibition within the profession .
He organized a round - table discussion on the topic at the American Economic Association meetings in 1927 .
Here he claimed to have been unable to find even one economist to speak against Prohibition , despite a thorough search .
I got a list of the economists who are supposed to be opposed to Prohibition , and wrote to them ; they all replied either that I was mistaken in thinking that they were opposed to Prohibition or that , if we were going to confine the discussion to the economics of Prohibition , they would not care to respond .
When I found that I was to have no speaker representing the opposite point of view , I wrote to all American economists listed in " Minerva " and all American teachers of statistics .
I have not received from any one an acceptance .
( I. Fisher et al. 1927 , 5 )
Contrary to the belief of McKenzie and Tullock , if the supporters of alcohol prohibition had asked economists about it , they would have been heartily encouraged .
In 1926 Fisher conveyed an optimistic , almost utopian view toward the elimination of the poisonous drink and the problems often associated with alcohol consumption .
The 1920s was a time of great optimism , and Fisher best described the optimism concerning Prohibition :
Prohibition is here to stay .
If not enforced , its blessings will speedily turn into a curse .
There is no time to lose .
Although things are much better than before Prohibition , with the possible exception of disrespect for law , they may not stay so .
Enforcement will cure disrespect for law and other evils complained of , as well as greatly augment the good .
American Prohibition will then go down in history as ushering in a new era in the world , in which accomplishment this nation will take pride forever .
( I. Fisher [ 1926 ] 1927 , 239 )
Fisher 's staunch support of Prohibition helped to insulate the policy from criticism .
He wrote three books on Prohibition in which his academic status and objectivity thinly cloaked his avid support . [ 6 ]
He promoted the claims that Prohibition would reduce crime , improve the moral fabric of society , and increase productivity and the standard of living .
Indeed , he maintained that Prohibition was partly responsible for the economic prosperity of the Roaring Twenties .
Fisher , a genius in many respects , was born into a Protestant family of Puritan stock .
His father was a preacher and a graduate of Yale Divinity School , and his mother was at least as zealous as his father .
The death of his father and two older siblings , as well as his own poor health , had a major impact on his views concerning social policy .
He supported anything , such as Prohibition , that might extend life expectancy .
Fisher 's atheism would appear to place him at odds with religious reformers , the principal supporters of Prohibition .
Still , though Fisher gave up belief in God and religion , he remained convinced of the doctrines and methods of postmillennialist evangelical Protestantism .
Men should work toward the goals of morality , progress , and order while on this earth , he believed , and government should be the main instrument of civilization .
Method was secondary to achieving desirable ends .
This outlook would typify his work in economics and social policy .
" Men can not enjoy the benefits of civilized liberty without restrictions .
Law and Order must prevail , else confusion takes their place , and , with the coming of Confusion , Freedom vanishes " ( quoted in I. N. Fisher 1956 , 13 ) .
Fisher was most adept at mathematics and helped support himself through scholarships , academic contests , and tutoring .
His dissertation was an exercise in a mathematical - theoretical reconstruction of utility theory that drew heavily on the method of Leon Walras .
The thesis was applauded by Francis Yisdro Edgeworth , who repudiated aspects of his own theory after reading Fisher 's work .
Vilfredo Pareto wrote
Fisher an eight - page letter in which he spoke scornfully of the " adversaries of mathematical methods ; " and praised Fisher 's distinction between utility of " that which can not be useful , and that which is really useful . " [ 7 ]
It was this distinction that Fisher used later in the analysis of alcohol consumption .
To admirers of Fisher 's more scientific contributions , he appears eminently scientific and objective .
His work on Prohibition reveals a thin layer of scientific veneer that is important for evaluating all his contributions , for Fisher was clearly an advocate of government intervention in the economy .
A key insight into his viewpoint is illustrated by an excerpt from his speech to the Yale Socialist Club in November 1941 . [ 8 ]
I believe [ William Graham Sumner ] was one of the greatest professors we ever had at Yale , but I have drawn far away from his point of view , that of the old laissez faire doctrine .
I remember he said in his classroom : " Gentlemen , the time is coming when there will be two great classes , Socialists , and Anarchists .
The Anarchists want the government to be nothing , and the Socialists want government to be everything .
There can be no greater contrast .
Well , the time will come when there will be only these two great parties , the Anarchists representing the laissez faire doctrine and the Socialists representing the extreme view on the other side , and when that time comes I am an Anarchist . "
That amused his class very much , for he was as far from a revolutionary as you could expect .
But I would like to say that if that time comes when there are two great parties , Anarchists and Socialists , then I am a Socialist .
( Quoted in I. N. Fisher 1956 , 44 )
Fisher 's initial position on alcohol problems was that education of the youth was the best solution .
Alcohol had its grip on drinkers , just as opium had its grip on dope fiends .
The older generations would have to be forgotten , with all efforts concentrated on the youth .
In an address to the students of Oberlin College in the spring of 1912 , he summarized his position on intoxicants : " But what is the normal use of these things ( beer , whiskey , opium , hashish , and tobacco ) ?
According to the best light scientifically that has been shed on them , the normal use is none at all , and if that is so those who see it should not be ashamed to live up to their ideal any more than they should be ashamed to live up to the Ten Commandments " ( quoted in I. N. Fisher 1956 , 152-53 ) .
In testimony before the Subcommittee on Excise and Liquor Legislation for the District of Columbia ( 1912 ) he stated : " After making what I believe was a thoroughly disinterested study of the question , … I came personally very strongly to the conclusion , on the basis of statistics as well as on the basis of physiology that alcohol so far as we can observe its effects , is an evil and no benefit " ( quoted in I. N. Fisher 1956 , 153-54 ) .
Later he became convinced that antisaloon legislation would be necessary to supplement education efforts , and he was converted to prohibition by the " success " of state prohibitions .
During World War I , Fisher volunteered his services to the Council on National Defense , where he was assigned the task of establishing wartime policy on alcohol .
Under his direction the council recommended wartime prohibition and dry zones around all army cantonments .
The alcohol interests blocked the first measure , which Fisher supported because he considered the war an excellent opportunity to experiment with prohibition .
Fisher also surmised that this defeat provided the necessary impetus to bring about prohibition in 1920 . [ 9 ]
It was as an indirect result of this second defeat of War - time Prohibition that Constitutional Prohibition came about !
The brewers found that , unwittingly , they had jumped out of the frying pan into the fire !
The reason was that the Senators who had acceded to President Wilson 's request to withdraw the War - time Prohibition clauses from the Food Act thereby so disappointed and angered their dry constituents that these Senators felt constrained to do something to set themselves right .
( I. Fisher 1927 , 10 - 12 )
Fisher 's books on Prohibition are empirical examinations of social statistics such as alcohol consumption , criminal activity , and health .
In his first book , Prohibition at Its Worst ( 1927 ) , Fisher spoke for himself and was the most confrontational .
In Prohibition Still at Its Worst ( 1928 ) and The " Noble Experiment " ( 1930 ) , he replaced this style with a seemingly more balanced approach in which he presented both " wet " and " dry " views on various issues and empirical points .
In the first book , Fisher laid out his assumptions , or " great facts " which constituted his general plan of analysis .
He purported to show that Prohibition was imperfectly enforced , that its results were not as bad as reported , and that it had in fact accomplished much good .
He found the personal - liberty argument against Prohibition an illusion .
Further , he argued that the Volstead Act could not be amended without violating the Eighteenth Amendment , that the Eighteenth Amendment could not be repealed , and that its nullification would be the worst possible disrespect of the law .
Finally , he asserted that the " only practical solution is to enforce the law " ( [ 1926 ] 1927 , 18-19 ) .
Much of Fisher 's work involves disputes over statistics .
Still , he can be credited to a large extent with developing the major issues concerning prohibition , organizing the debate between wets and drys , and establishing the criteria by which future prohibitions would be judged .
A detailed examination of Fisher 's work on prohibition would take a book - length treatment in itself .
A critique of some of Fisher 's conclusions and suggestions , however , provides a sampling of his shortcomings .
Fisher apologized in later writings for failing to recognize the merits of private prohibition .
Before the turn of the century , employers commonly supplied employees with alcohol rations on the job .
After 1900 , most manufacturers , with their complex and dangerous production processes , did away with alcohol rations , often replacing them with rules against drinking .
These changes occurred at a time when courts and state legislatures were increasingly holding employers responsible for injuries to employees .
Fisher seemed puzzled by the distinction between public and private prohibition and by " wet " support for private prohibition but not for that decreed by the government .
The fact that changes in the economy made private prohibition economical for some employers seems lost on him .
He later admitted that private prohibitions were more effective than the law .
" Largely because of the penalties of the workmen 's compensation and employers ' liability laws , and from considerations of output requirements , the situation has brought about a more absolute form of Prohibition , privately enforced , than that embodied in the Eighteenth Amendment or the Volstead Act " ( I. Fisher 1930 , 443 ) .
This not only indicates that Fisher was in part blind to the market process , it also undermines the empirical analysis throughout his work and that of others .
The desirable results of private prohibition and employment policy cannot be attributed to Prohibition .
Fisher felt that public opinion was firmly behind Prohibition because of the increased mechanization in society .
He contended that machinery and automobiles could not be safely used after one consumed alcohol .
This argument , however , is no better than arguing for a prohibition of cars without considering the costs involved and alternative solutions .
Fisher also argued that other systems , such as the ones adopted in Canada ( government dispensary ) and Great Britain ( taxation and regulation ) , were worse , or at least no better , than Prohibition .
Here he was comparing his perceptions of what foreign systems were like in practice with his perception of what American Prohibition would be like if it were " properly enforced . "
Fisher argued that consumption of alcohol declined during Prohibition , and several estimates support the view that alcohol consumption per capita did decline .
Still , many important questions — how much did consumption decline ?
what were all the causes for this decline ?
how did individual consumption patterns change ?
what type of alcohol was consumed ?
and what happened to consumption of substitutes ?
— remained largely unanswered and even unasked .
He also contended that the decrease in alcohol consumption fostered economic progress .
Although the claim that Prohibition had caused the economic prosperity of the 1920s was discarded with the onset of the Great Depression , his beliefs concerning industrial productivity and absenteeism are still used to inflate estimates of the economic losses from drug use and the potential benefits of prohibition .
In discussing the substitutes for alcohol , Fisher focused on the automobile , radio , and motion - picture industries .
In a passage that reads more like a sermon than a tract on economics , he noted that the increased specialization in the economy ( apparently also a contribution of Prohibition ) allowed for the relief of misery .
He considered all substitutes for alcohol as good , and he completely ignored the fact that such substitutes generally resulted in less value for the consumer and might result in a type of substitute that Fisher himself would lament .
According to the limited references to narcotics in his writings , Fisher apparently thought that Prohibition had reduced the sale of narcotics and that they might not be as damaging as alcohol .
Fisher felt that Prohibition had worked better than could be expected " hygienically , economically , and socially . "
The main problem was that it was poorly enforced , particularly in the big cities .
He claimed that Prohibition worked where it was properly enforced .
Fisher supported a complete reorganization of enforcement at all levels , the hiring of better enforcement officials , and large increases in expenditures on enforcement .
In his final contribution on Prohibition ( 1930 ) , Fisher uncharacteristically compromised with the wets by supporting the " right " to home production and consumption .
He claimed that legalizing home production would reduce the requirements on law enforcement and eliminate the personal - liberty argument from the public debate .
It is unclear whether Fisher used this as a last - ditch effort to save Prohibition or if he realized its futility .
He admitted that such a modification would decrease the number of opponents of Prohibition by " thousands , if not millions " and would allow law enforcement to concentrate on bootleggers without compromising the closure of saloons .
He also made one statement admitting the infeasibility of prohibition : " Yet , it is absurd to expect home production to be prevented by enforcement officers " ( 1930 , 454 ) .
Both the admission of the infeasibility and the compromise are unique statements from Fisher , and they appear only on the last page of his last book on Prohibition . [ 10 ]
Fisher 's methodology was poorly suited to a proper assessment of prohibition , particularly when combined with his religious - like zeal to eliminate the use of alcohol and to increase life expectancy .
In theoretical matters , Fisher began with the distinction between desires ( demand ) and attainment of actual satisfaction .
His personal impatience , his concern over mortality , and his interest in eugenics and genetic engineering may have contributed to his distinction between desire and attainment of value .
One of the points which I look back upon with satisfaction is that I repudiated the idea of [ William Stanley ]
Jevons that economics was concerned with a " calculus of pleasure and pain " and I insisted there was a great distinction between desires and their satisfactions and that economics had to do only with desires , so far as the influence of market prices was concerned .
But one should be more interested in truth than in who desires the credit for first reaching it .
Ever since my six years of illness I have become much more interested in promoting the truth than in claiming credit or even in adding to knowledge .
There is so much knowledge already attained that is not yet applied that I have often set myself to work to bring that knowledge to the attention of others .
Today I would like to see a study , partly economic and partly psychological , showing how the human animal following his desires often misses satisfactions instead of attaining them .
The star example is narcotics .
( Quoted in I. N. Fisher 1956 , 339 )
No matter how real or important the distinction between desire and attainment of satisfaction is , economists such as Joseph Schumpeter have found that in Fisher 's case " the scholar was misled by the crusader . "
Or as G. Findly Shirras noted , " The drawback to a completely rational mind is that it is very apt to assume that what is flawless in logic is therefore practicable " ( quoted in I. N. Fisher 1956 , 193-94 ) .
Fisher was much more apt to rely on " facts " and available statistics than on the logic of cause and effect .
In the preface to The Making of Index Numbers , he illustrated his reliance on statistics and the inductive method by noting : " The present book had its origin in the desire to put these deductive conclusions to an inductive test by means of calculations from actual historical data .
But before I had gone far in such testing of my original conclusions , I found to my surprise , that the results of actual calculations constantly suggested further deduction until , in the end , I had completely revised both my conclusions and my theoretical foundations " ( quoted in I. N. Fisher 1956 , 194-95 ) .
This illusion of facts hampered Fisher 's work on index numbers , monetary theory , and proposals for monetary reform , as well as his understanding of the " new economic era " and Prohibition .
A colleague of Fisher 's at Yale , Ray Westerfield , developed this and other related points in a memorial article .
Fisher was never content to stop with scientific research ; he was imbued with an irresistible urge to reform , along lines indicated by his studies .
For example , having seen and felt the evils of unstable money and having discovered the causes and cures , he was determined to do all he could to make it stable .
Unfortunately his eagerness to promote his cause sometimes had a bad influence on his scientific attitude .
It distorted his judgement ; for example , he was carried away by his " new economic era " ideas in the late 1920s and lost his fortune … .
He relied upon concomitancy too much in his belief that the stability of the price level from 1925 to 1929 was due to Federal Reserve action and refused to give due recognition to other factors at work .
( Quoted in I. N. Fisher 1956 , 193 )
Fisher 's conclusions and convictions guided the statistical studies that gave him faith in the attainment of his goals in matters of monetary policy and prohibition .
The fall of Prohibition at the bottom of the Great Depression must have made for dark days for this well - intentioned reformer .
He retired from academic life shortly thereafter but continued as an active reformer and contributor to public debate .
Prohibition 's Blue Monday
While Fisher was beginning to realize some of the negative consequences of Prohibition , professional economists and the general public were becoming increasingly aware of the costs and ineffectiveness of the " noble experiment . "
Two noteworthy examples of economists who examined Prohibition and found Fisher 's position less than accurate were Clark Warburton and Herman Feldman .
In Prohibition : Its Economic and Industrial Aspects ( 1930 ) Herman Feldman , an otherwise undistinguished economist , published an important contribution to the statistical investigation of the " economic " aspects of Prohibition . [ 11 ]
His book is based on twenty articles written for the Christian Science Monitor , and the statistical information derives from a detailed survey .
The book is most impressive in its caution concerning the use of survey data , statistical analysis , and the conclusions made throughout the book .
His book is noteworthy for its criticism of Fisher 's estimate of the economic loss due to the consumption of alcohol , despite the fact that Feldman was writing for the Christian Science Monitor , a champion of Prohibition .
Even the writings on prohibition by some distinguished economists show a certain freedom from scientific restraint not normally found in their discussions of other subjects .
One of the most curiously constructed statistical statements , for example , is that by which Professor Irving Fisher , of Yale , deduces that prohibition has been worth at least $ 6,000,000,000 a year to this country .
This figure , widely quoted , has often been used as if it were a painstaking , scientific calculation based on a meticulous combing of economic data .
On the contrary , it is merely a guess , and of a type frequently issued by groups with propaganda in mind , but hardly to be expected from one who has achieved world - wide prominence as a statistical economist .
( Feldman 1930 , 5 )
Fisher 's estimate was based on uncontrolled experiments on the effect of alcohol on industrial efficiency .
These experiments were made on one to five individuals who took strong doses of alcohol on an empty stomach before beginning work .
These " studies , " some of which were based solely on the effects of alcohol on the experimenter himself , found that average efficiency was reduced by 2 percent per drink .
Fisher then assumed a dosage of five drinks per day and extrapolated the loss of total efficiency per worker to a 10 percent reduction in efficiency .
If alcohol consumption by workers could be reduced to zero , Fisher estimated , the country could save at least 5 percent of total income , or $ 3,300,000,000 .
The elimination of the alcohol industry would also save an additional 5 percent in national income as resources would be transferred out of alcohol production and into other goods and services .
Feldman noted that a 2 percent loss in efficiency could be caused by " a mere depressing thought , " and that Fisher failed to account for the fact that most alcohol consumed by the working class was beer with meals hours before work .
Indeed , historical experience suggests that alcohol was consumed on the job in order to increase the overall efficiency of production .
" It will require experiments on a far larger scale , and under much more rigorously controlled conditions than those now recorded , to determine the effect of alcoholic beverages upon industrial efficiency with the definiteness expressed .
The experiments , considered solely as bases for the economic calculations made [ by Fisher ] , are inconclusive of themselves " ( Feldman 1930 , 240 - 41 ) .
Feldman was also known for his survey of absenteeism .
He surveyed industrialists concerning the absence or tardiness of workers on Mondays and the days following paydays .
The survey asked whether the respondents felt Prohibition was the cause of any noticeable reduction in absenteeism .
Information on the relationship between alcohol consumption and absenteeism prior to Prohibition was not available . [ 12 ]
Of the 287 responses to Feldman 's survey , less than half felt that there was considerable improvement in absenteeism .
One - third of the respondents who did detect decreased absenteeism failed to attribute this improvement to Prohibition .
Some employers even reported higher absenteeism and attributed the increase to Prohibition .
One employer noted that " the stuff available to labor , and there is plenty of it , is so rotten that it takes the drinking man two or three days to get over his spree " ( Feldman 1930 , 211 ) .
Feldman himself described some of the faults of the survey method , such as personal or political bias in completing the forms , and he cautioned against a strict interpretation of the results .
Other points of contention with the conclusions of the survey were that private prohibition and stricter employer liability and negligence laws all contributed greatly to reducing absenteeism .
Improved safety conditions , higher wage rates , reduced working hours , and more formal labor contracts also improved attendance .
On the other hand , booming standards of living and new leisure alternatives , such as the automobile , also influenced absenteeism during the 1920s .
Feldman obtained only one company 's records on absenteeism that contained data from before and after Prohibition .
He noted that the company which supplied this information indicated that the improvement in attendance was not due to Prohibition but rather to improvement in labor .
His data along with the 1929 update provided by the Bureau of Prohibition are presented in table 1 .
Table 1 . Absenteeism Rates in a Delaware Gunpowder Plant 1907 1913 1924 1929 Monday 7.41 6.17 3.66 2.35 Tuesday 6.89 5.22 2.86 2.10 Wednesday 5.77 5.49 2.90 2.15 Thursday 5.68 5.06 2.37 2.01 Friday 5.38 5.05 2.10 1.89 Saturday 6.94 6.59 3.93 2.95 Average for week 6.35 5.59 2.96 2.24 Source : Warburton 1932 , 205 .
Feldman 's cautions and clarifications concerning the data were not sufficient to prevent the data from being used to support the case for the economic benefits of Prohibition enforcement .
" All of us know that industrial efficiency was one of the chief reasons for Prohibition " ( I. Fisher 1927 , 158 ) .
The report of the National Commission on Law Observance and Enforcement ( 1931 ) began the section on the economic benefits of Prohibition with the statement : " The subjects upon which there is objective and reasonably trustworthy proof are industrial benefits — i.e. , increased production , increased efficiency of labor , elimination of ' blue Monday ; ' and decrease in industrial accidents " ( 71 ) .
The report goes on to emphasize the reliability of these facts with respect to absenteeism : " There is strong and convincing evidence , supporting the view of the greater number of large employers , that a notable increase in production , consequent upon increased efficiency of labor and elimination of the chronic absences of great numbers of workers after Sundays and holidays , is directly attributable to doing away with saloons " ( 71 ) .
The Bureau of Prohibition took Feldman 's data one step further by obtaining data for 1929 and publishing the results in The Value of Law Observance ( 1930 , 11 ) These data were purported to show the decline of " blue Monday " as evidence of the economic benefits of Prohibition .
Americans were becoming increasingly aware that while Prohibition had eliminated the open saloon , it had not stopped the liquor traffic .
The costs of enforcing Prohibition were increasing , and economic prosperity , purportedly the main benefit of Prohibition , ended with the stock - market crash in 1929 .
Establishing the link between Prohibition and reduced absenteeism was vital to sustaining public support of the policy .
By far the most thorough study of Prohibition was by Clark Warburton .
His two main contributions were The Economic Results of Prohibition ( 1932 ) and his entry on Prohibition in the Encyclopedia of the Social Sciences ( 1934 ) [ 13 ]
Warburton 's book was imitated at the request of the Association against the Prohibition Amendment , from which he received financial support during the early stages of his investigation . [ 14 ]
Warburton 's book was a statistical analysis of the economic arguments for and against Prohibition .
Primarily he examined alcohol consumption , expenditures on alcohol , and the impact of Prohibition on industrial efficiency , public health , income and demographic groups , and public finance .
He used all available statistics , produced estimates from underlying conditions , and in many cases used more than one estimating technique .
Warburton cautiously alerted his reader to weak links in estimation techniques and data collection . [ 15 ]
" In these circumstances no study of the results of prohibition can claim high precision and unquestionable proof .
The conclusions stated here can claim , however , to be reasonable inferences , after intensive study and analysis , from such data as are available " ( Warburton 1932 , 259 ) .
Warburton concluded that consumption of all alcohol per capita declined nearly one - third from 1911 - 14 to 1927 - 30 , but that consumption of spirits increased 10 percent during the same period .
He found that expenditures for alcohol during Prohibition were approximately equal to what expenditures would have been had the pre-Prohibition conditions existed . [ 16 ]
Expenditures on beer fell dramatically , while expenditures on distilled spirits increased .
He was unable to establish correlations between Prohibition and prosperity , saving , insurance costs , or the purchase of consumer durables .
Warburton found that the data did not show a measurable relationship between Prohibition and the decrease in industrial accidents .
He also found that Prohibition had no measurable effect on the observed increase in industrial productivity and that statistical evidence was lacking to establish the influence of Prohibition on industrial absenteeism .
With regard to Feldman 's survey , Warburton noted that the reduction in absenteeism was more plausibly the result of the reduction in the number of hours worked and the lightening of actual work tasks ( less manual , more mechanical ) , as well as the introduction of new and greater quantities of recreational and leisure activities as substitutes for alcohol . [ 17 ]
Warburton went on to criticize the applicability of the data on absenteeism from the single gunpowder plant that was cited by the government in support of the economic benefits of Prohibition .
Using the original data , Warburton calculated the average annual percentage decline in absenteeism ( table 2 ) .
He showed that the annual percentage decline in absenteeism on Mondays did not differ much in the pre-Prohibition period , the transitional period , and the Prohibition period .
It seems the reduction of absenteeism is difficult to attribute to Prohibition but easy to associate with other factors , such as the reduction of the work week , increased real wages ( during the 1920s ) , and improved labor - management techniques . [ 18 ]
Table 2 . Average Annual Percentage - Point Decline
in Absenteeism in a Delaware ' Gunpowder ' Plant ' 1907 — 13 1913 — 24 1924 — 29 Monday 0.21 0.23 0.26 Tuesday 0.28 0.21 0.15 Wednesday 0.05 0.24 0.15 Thursday 0.10 0.24 0.15 Friday 0.06 0.27 0.04 Saturday 0.06 0.24 0.20 Total 0.76 1.43 0.87 Source : Warburton 1932 , 205 .
Greater experience with Prohibition resulted in increasing skepticism among economists .
This trend can be traced to three factors .
First , the black market continued to grow and develop despite increased enforcement efforts and reorganization of the Prohibition bureaucracy .
Second , as data were collected over a longer period , trends of increased consumption and crime became evident .
Third , the longer Prohibition was enforced , the more knowledge spread concerning the adverse consequences and the difficulty of enforcement ( also see Thornton 1991 B for more details concerning the results of alcohol prohibition ) .
The Economics of Heroin Prohibition
The sale of heroin and other opiates has been illegal at the federal level since the passage of the Harrison Narcotics Act in 1914 .
Most states had already enacted prohibitions and restrictions on these products prior to the federal legislation .
While narcotics were mentioned by economists such as Patten , Veblen , and Fisher , economists paid little attention to narcotic prohibition for the first fifty years of its existence .
Simon Rottenberg 's article ( 1968 ) on the economics of illegal heroin was published at a time when the general public and social scientists were beginning to examine the results of this prohibition .
In his seminal article Rottenberg ( 1968 ) described the options available to authorities , noting some of the factors that influence the activities of the law - enforcement bureaucracy .
He also described the market structure , organization , and competitive forces but seemed to find the application of traditional economic analysis to the illegal market for heroin difficult because of the market 's complex interaction with law enforcement .
As a result , Rottenberg raised more questions than he answered .
Rottenberg found the heroin market more organized and monopolized than other illegal markets .
He examined the impact of crime on society , particularly in connection with the allocation of police resources .
Society faces a trade - off between enforcing narcotics laws and enforcing other criminal laws .
Rottenberg detailed the corruption and the corruptive process in illegal drug markets and at one point anticipated James Buchanan 's argument for organized crime .
A theme that hindered Rottenberg 's analysis was that the product which defined the market changed as it moved from production to consumption .
He noted that heroin was diluted as it passed through the distribution chain to the consumer and that the final product was subject to wide variations in potency .
He offered three hypotheses to explain changes in potency .
The first , which he considered questionable , was that consumers were very responsive to price changes but not to changes in potency .
His second hypothesis held that lowering potency was a rationing device when heroin was in short supply .
While this may help explain the variation in potency , it does not explain either the systematic changes or " the apparent secular tendency for dilution to occur " that Rottenberg noted .
The third hypothesis was that dilution allowed for differentiation of the product so that the consumer could be better served .
Again , Rottenberg found this hypothesis unsatisfactory in explaining an important trend .
On the subject of drug potency , Rottenberg noted : " It is like explaining why Falcon automobiles will be manufactured , as well as Continentals , but would not explain why the fraction of Falcons rises and the fraction of Continentals falls " ( 1968 , 83 ) .
In summary , Rottenberg 's contribution is descriptive and institutional , but it contains little of lasting theoretical or empirical value .
He developed more questions than answers , but this is precisely why his contribution is important .
Answers to his questions , extensions of some of his points , and corrections of others characterize much of the research on prohibition since the publication of his article .
Two noteworthy comments that raised important matters of substance and questioned the basic validity of prohibition followed Rottenberg 's article .
Edward Erickson ( 1969 ) indicated that efforts to decrease the supply of euphoric drugs resulted in important social costs , such as higher production costs per unit of euphoria produced , increasing redistribution of income through theft by addicts , and debasement of drug - law enforcement .
Given these costs , society should move to less enforcement .
Raul A. Fernandez ( 1969 ) discussed two related points concerning the market for heroin that Rottenberg did not explicitly examine .
First , the status of heroin addicts as user - sellers leads to important difficulties and complexities in applying economic theory to this market .
Addiction is also important for Fernandez because addiction reduces the deterrent effect of prison sentences .
It is the question of addiction to heroin which would lead economists again to question the fundamental axiom of individual rationality in connection with the use of illegal " addicting " drugs .
Fernandez suggests that the proper approach to addiction is not prohibition but treatment for addiction .
Mark H. Moore ( 1977 ) provides a detailed analysis of the illicit market for heroin and law enforcement in New York City .
His analysis uses economic theory , law and law - enforcement analysis , and direct empirical observation of the workings of the heroin market in New York City .
These tools allow Moore to present a realistic picture of the complexities of the heroin market and to debunk several commonly held beliefs concerning the illicit heroin market .
Indeed , his work represents what is now the conventional wisdom on public policy toward the heroin market .
Prior to Moore 's study , conventional wisdom said that the demand for heroin was perfectly inelastic and that higher prices would not result in decreased consumption .
Higher prices served only to increase the costs to society and the profits for drug dealers .
Higher profits stimulated drug dealership and new consumption , and therefore worked against the goals of public policy .
Moore effectively argues against both the assumption of perfectly inelastic demand and the notion that drug dealers are better off as a result of increased law enforcement ( 1977 , 5 - 15 ) .
Moore recommends effective regulation of heroin by continuing the current policy of prohibition .
In raising the effective price of heroin , prohibition discourages " not - yet users " from trying the drug , but has only a marginal effect on " current users . "
Moore notes that heroin use is initiated and spread through friends and neighborhood groups and that it is difficult for law enforcement to infiltrate these tight - knit groups .
He postulates that if access to heroin could be prevented by raising the cost of acquiring heroin , the spread of heroin use could be stopped and " not - yet users " discouraged from trying the drug .
It is erroneous , however , to claim that prohibition is necessary to discourage access to heroin because of the particular system by which it spreads ( small social groups ) when prohibition itself is responsible for this system .
Moore himself argues that it is prohibition that is responsible for the peculiar organization of the illegal heroin market :
" It is almost certain that the single most important factor influencing the structure of heroin - distribution systems is that producing , importing , selling , and possessing heroin are all prohibited in the United States .
Why , for example , is n't the industry organized into larger and more impersonal marketing systems ? " ( 1977 , 3 ; emphasis added ) .
Further , he makes no attempt to justify prohibition as the only or best way of preventing consumers from experimenting with heroin .
Moore recommends that a variety of programs be established for current users of heroin .
He recognizes that prohibition is harmful to current users and that higher prices lead addicts to inflict costs on the general population in the form of muggings , robbery , and burglary .
To avoid these problems , Moore recommends that addicts be given a low - cost source of heroin or methadone ; that addicts have access to treatment facilities , jobs , reasonable living standards , recreation , and entertainment ; and that arrested users be allowed to enter treatment facilities rather than prison ( 1977 , 258-61 ) .
Moore 's reasons for trying to reduce the effects of prohibition on current users are well founded .
His recommendations are flawed in several respects , however .
His attempt to establish price discrimination would have important drawbacks and be difficult to carry out .
For example , his recommendations would reduce the cost of becoming an addict and therefore would act to stimulate experimentation with heroin .
Moore himself recognizes the contradiction in his policy recommendations :
Note that the dilemma faced in enforcing narcotics laws is common to all negative incentive systems .
The problem is fundamental :
The desire to have the incentive conflicts with the desire to minimize the damage done to people who do not respond to the incentive .
One cannot lessen the adverse effects on current users without having some effect on the magnitude of the incentives facing nonusers .
One cannot alter the incentives facing nonusers without having some effect on the consequences for current users .
( 1977 , 237 )
Moore 's recommendations would also involve large increases in government expenditures .
His claims that there is general support for the policy of prohibition ( 1977 , xxi ) fail to give adequate consideration to the taxpayers ' toleration of the cost of his recommendations .
With respect to prohibition , Moore seems to be his own best critic :
The single , most important objective of a narcotics - enforcement strategy is to discourage people who are not now using heroin from beginning to do so .
If the police cannot achieve this objective at a reasonable cost in terms of public resources and maintenance of civil liberties , the prohibition policy ought to be abandoned .
There are too many bad side effects of the policy and too few direct benefits other than preventing new use to warrant continuation of the policy if it cannot discourage new use .
( 1977 , 238 )
Finally , Moore reminds his reader that his study focused on but one illegal drug within New York City and , further , that his methodology was insufficient completely to analyze the problem at hand :
There are serious limitations to the methodology employed in this book .
The methodology is similar to that used in developing intelligence estimates .
Bits of unverified , half - verified , and fully verified information are assembled into a systematic picture by combining arbitrary definitions with assumptions about how reasonable men behave … .
It [ the methodology employed ] has the disadvantage of providing only good guesses about the nature of the phenomenon .
Moreover , the guesses may be radically altered by the introduction of a single , verified piece of information .
( 1977 , 4 )
Therefore , while Moore 's contribution is important in extending the literature concerning the heroin market , weaknesses in methodology and scope undermine the applicability of his policy recommendations .
By defeating the conventional approach of the 1960s , Moore reestablished the viability of prohibition as a policy to control heroin use .
The Economics of Addiction
The history of economic thought is strewn with attacks on individual rationality .
The consumer has been criticized for consuming on the basis of imperfect information , as well as not consuming because of imperfect information ( that is , hoarding ) .
The consumer has been criticized for steadfastly maintaining a consumption plan despite changing circumstances , problems , and severe difficulties ( habits , addictions ) , as well as not maintaining established consumption plans due to changing circumstances , information , and evaluations ( impulse buying , binging ) .
According to Israel Kirzner , " The concept of rationality in human behavior has long been a topic for discussion in the literature on the methodology of economics .
Attacks on the undue reliance which economic theory has been accused of placing upon human reason are as old as attacks on the very notion of an economic theory " ( Kirzner 1976 , 167 ) .
The irrationality claim has been made with respect to addictive goods such as alcohol and narcotics since at least the time of Vilfredo Pareto .
Pareto made a distinction ( similar to Fisher 's ) between logical actions , which are rational and economic , and illogical actions , which are not .
Irrational action was found in the case of a man who established a detailed budget devoid of wine expenditures and then proceeded to binge on wine .
Benedetto Croce explained that this act was an economic error because the man yielded to a temporary desire at odds with his established plans .
Such notions of logic and rationality are primary theoretical justifications for prohibition .
The type of " irrationality " described by Paul Fernandez ( 1969 ) , however , forms a basis of attack , rather than a justification for prohibition .
In defining the Chicago school 's position on tastes , George S. Stigler and Gary S. Becker ( 1977 ) have also commented on the nature of addiction .
They find that beneficial and harmful addictions depend on whether prolonged use enhances or diminishes future consumption .
Good addictions involve the consumption of goods , such as classical music , that increase utility over time and do not disrupt utility derived from other goods .
Bad addictions involve a reduction in future consumption ability .
Alcohol decreases future utility because it reduces the utility of a given amount of future consumption as well as the utility from other goods .
Addiction is a rational habit that is consistent with preferences and opportunities but one that hinges on the type of capital effect the good produces .
Thomas A. Barthold and Harold M. Hochman ( 1988 ) contest Stigler and Becker 's view of the rational addict : " Whether addiction is rational behavior … seems beside the point " ( 90 ) .
They begin with the premise that addictive behavior is extreme behavior , " neither normal or typical . "
They find that compulsion is the driving force behind addiction , but that an individual must be an " extreme seeker " for compulsion to develop into addiction .
Consumption can have capital effects that will cause irreversible harm if they pass a certain threshold .
Barthold and Hochman attempt to model multiperiod , multiplan , multiprice consumption by identifying addiction with concave indifference curves ( atypical preferences ) .
They find that changes in relative prices can lead to corner solutions ( peculiar consumption decisions ) , that consumption decisions are " sticky " at low prices , and that consumption can lead to addiction .
Robert J. Michaels ( 1988 ) models compulsive behavior through an integration of the psychological literature on addiction with the consumption model developed by Kelvin Lancaster ( 1966 ) .
Self - esteem is entered into the addict 's utility function .
Michaels is then able to explain many of the observed behavioral patterns associated with addiction , such as the ineffectiveness of treatment programs , the agony of withdrawal , radical changes by the addict ( such as conversion to religion ) , the use of substitutes , and the typical addiction pattern of use , discontinuation , and backsliding .
The interpretation of consumer behavior in the Lancastrian consumption technology reasserts the rationality of choice by addicts .
In addition , it does so without assuming unusual preferences of consumers or unusual properties of the " addictive " good .
Michaels finds that prohibition is an inconsistent policy with respect to addictive behavior in the sense that a policy that attempts " to convince users that they are losers is more likely to fail … and may induce increases in the level at which it [ consumption ] is undertaken " ( 1988 , 85 ) .
The model is lacking in several respects , however .
It does not consider the supply side of the market ( either legal or illegal ) , nor does it consider problems such as the externalities of the addict 's behavior .
Finally , Michaels bases the utility function on one current understanding of addictive behavior , which , he points out , is subject to change .
Gary S. Becker and Kevin M. Murphy ( 1988 ) further develop the theory of rational addiction as introduced by Stigler and Becker ( 1977 ) , in which rationality means a consistent plan to maximize utility over time .
Their model relies on " unstable steady states " to understand addiction rather than on plan-alteration through time .
They use consumption capital effects , adjacent complementarity between present and future consumption , time preference , and the effect of permanent versus temporary price changes to explain such nonnormal behavior as addiction , binges , and the decision to quit cold turkey .
Becker and Murphy note , " Addiction is a major challenge to the theory of rational behavior " ( 1988 , 695 ) .
They claim it challenges both the Chicago approach to rational behavior and the general approach to rationality in which individuals attempt to maximize utility at all times .
Becker and Murphy successfully defend Chicago rationality and are able , through changes in economic variables , to explain behavior associated with addiction .
The introduction of unstable steady states defends rational behavior against Croce 's original criticism and represents a marginal move toward the Austrian notion of rationality .
In the Austrian view , plans are made by individuals under conditions of limited information and uncertainty .
Plans are made at points in time , but choice cannot be independent of actual choice .
Becker and Murphy adjust their notion of rationality from one of " a consistent plan to maximize utility over time " ( 1988 , 675 ) to one where " ' rational ' means that individuals maximize utility consistently over time " ( 1988 , 694 ) .
This literature explores the question of rationality with respect to addiction and dangerous drugs .
For the most part , it shares the common heritage of the Chicago tradition .
Rationality is a crucial issue for both prohibition and economic theory in general .
While this literature is in general agreement with Fernandez on the difficulty of making prohibition work , its conclusions are based on the rationality of the consumer rather than the lack of it .
As a result , prohibition is found to be costly , inconsistent , incomplete , or of limited value .
Notes
[ 1 ] See Friedman 1989 .
[ 2 ] Ekelund and Tollison 's conclusions are based in part on Thornton 1986 , an earlier version of chapter 4 of this book .
[ 3 ]
Postmillennial pietists believe that there will be a thousand - year kingdom of God on earth and that it is man 's responsibility to establish the necessary conditions as a prerequisite for Jesus ' return .
[ 4 ]
In a sobering passage , Newcomb ( 1886 , 11 - 13 ) used the drinking of alcohol ( i.e. , " gratifying the morbid appetite " ) to distinguish correctly between the sphere of moralists and the role of political economists — to separate " the totally different … questions whether an end is good and how an end can best be attained . "
Newcomb suggests that the " economist might say in conclusion " that he knows " of no way in which a man can be made to accept that which he desires less in preference to that which he … desires more , except positive restraint . "
[ 5 ] Boswell 1934 , 48 ; also see Fox 1967 , 104 - 5 .
Most American economists of this time took a dim view of alcohol use .
It is interesting to note that Veblen built his concept of " conspicuous consumption " partly on the basis of goods such as alcohol , tobacco , and narcotics .
[ 6 ]
Fisher 's main contributions to the study of Prohibition include those published in [ 1926 ] 1927 , and 1930 .
A biography of Fisher by his son , Irving Norton Fisher ( 1956 ) , details Fisher 's activist approach to social problems .
[ 7 ]
The attention received for this distinction is described in Fisher 's biography ( I. N. Fisher 1956 , 48 - 50 ) .
Edgeworth 's review of Fisher 's dissertation appeared in the March 1893 issue of Economic Journal .
[ 8 ]
For further illustration of Irving Fisher as a technocratic - type socialist , see his presidential address to the American Economic Association in 1919 .
[ 9 ]
Fisher himself considered the adoption of the Prohibition Amendment a premature act .
He felt that more time was needed to establish a national consensus and to provide for education and policy development .
Fisher often praised the indirect benefits of World War I , such as the collection of statistics by the federal government , the passage of Prohibition , the opportunity to study inflation , and the powerful jobs made available to economists .
See I. N. Fisher 1956 , 154 ; I. Fisher 1918 and 1919 ; and Rothbard 1989 , 115 .
[ 10 ]
By 1933
Fisher must have been thoroughly disheartened with the course of events .
A new age of prohibition and scientific management of the economy — a permanent prosperity — had come crashing down around him .
Not only had Prohibition been repealed and the economy devastated by the Great Depression , he had lost his personal fortune on his own advice in the stock market .
With respect to alcohol he turned his attention to the temperance movement by publishing three editions of a book on the evils of alcohol consumption .
[ 11 ]
A search of the Index of Economic Journals showed Herman Feldman 's contributions were limited to two review articles and four monographs on labor policy .
[ 12 ]
A Boston rubber company which employed almost 10,000 workers reported that company nurses made 30,000 visits in 1925 but could not state with any certainty that alcohol was the cause in more than six cases ( Feldman 1930 , 203 ) .
[ 13 ]
It is particularly interesting that Warburton was chosen to produce the entry on Prohibition , as Irving Fisher was one of the editors of the Encyclopedia .
[ 14 ]
Despite the role of this special - interest group in initiating this study , several prominent economists read and commented on the final work .
Warburton thanks Wesley C. Mitchell , Harold Hotelling , Joseph Dorfman , and Arthur Burns for comments and advice in the preface .
[ 15 ]
Warburton does not appear to have been building a case against prohibition ; for example , he omitted all discussion of the increasing cost of prisons and the congestion of the court system directly attributable to the enforcement of Prohibition .
[ 16 ]
He notes that the estimates for expenditures fall within a wide range , plus or minus one - quarter to one - third based on the underlying assumptions of the estimates .
Proponents of Prohibition , such as Feldman 1930 and later T. Y .
Hu 1950 , argued that the estimates were too high , but modern experience with the prohibition of marijuana would probably produce the exact opposite reaction ( i.e. , that they were too low ) .
[ 17 ]
Warburton noted that the length of the average work week had declined dramatically since Prohibition began .
It should also be noted that real wage rates increased significantly from the prewar years to the late 1920s .
Higher wages normally result in a more responsible workforce and a higher opportunity cost of leisure , especially when the work week is shorter .
[ 18 ]
The average national work week declined 3.14 percent in the pre-Prohibition period , 9.19 percent in the transitional period , and did not change in the Prohibition period ( Warburton 1932 , 205 ) .
Portable , self - contained Ecos LifeLink uses solar power and optional wind turbine to provide clean electricity , convert contaminated ground water to purified drinking water , and deliver wireless Internet connectivity over 30 mile range .
Supporting off - grid disaster relief and remote location needs , solution is deployed as two 20 ft Ecos Power Cubes that can provide 16 kW of power .
Its 30 gpm water filtration module complies with World Health Organization standards .
Ecosphere Technologies , Inc. , a provider of clean air and water technology solutions that solve business and environmental challenges , today debuted Ecos LifeLink , the first in a series of clean energy solutions from its subsidiary , Ecosphere Energy Solutions ( EES ) .
The Ecos LifeLink is a portable , self - contained micro-utility that has been designed to use the power of the sun and an optional wind turbine to provide clean electricity , convert the most contaminated ground water to purified drinking water , and deliver wireless Internet connectivity .
The system is ideally suited to support off - grid needs including disaster relief and activity in remote locations .
A scale model of the Ecos LifeLink will be unveiled at this week ’s Cleantech Venture Forum in San Francisco , which brings together more than 600 top investors , companies and thought - leaders for two days of unparalleled networking and cutting edge exchange .
“ The debut of our Ecos LifeLink product signals Ecosphere ’s new strategic initiative to combine its proven water technologies with renewable energy systems to deliver integrated clean technology solutions to the world , ” said Dennis McGuire , CEO of Ecosphere Technologies .
“ Spurred by increased attention to environmental challenges including extreme weather patterns and population growth , there is unprecedented and growing demand for innovative water filtration and delivery technologies .
Ecosphere is uniquely positioned to address and capitalize on that demand by licensing and selling its clean technologies to a broad market , including Fortune 1000 global companies and government agencies at every level . ”
Inside the Ecos LifeLink : Designed to meet the growing demand for off - grid water , energy and communications , the Ecos LifeLink solution represents a combination of patent - pending products from EES including the Ecos Power Cube ( EPC ) , a mobile solar generator , and the Ecos Com Cube , a wireless communications platform .
Deployed as two 20 - foot Power Cubes , the Ecos LifeLink delivers :
Anytime , Anywhere Power :
The foundation of the Ecos LifeLink system is the Ecos Power Cube ( EPC ) .
The EPC has a unique patent pending array of stacked solar panels , which when deployed on site provide a photovoltaic surface area of approximately 1000 sq feet .
The solar energy system can provide 16KW of clean electricity to power the water filtration processes and the satellite communications system components .
An optional wind turbine can also be used to generate additional power .
Critical Water Supply :
The 30 gallons per minute water filtration module is capable of converting arsenic - , bacteria - and waste - laden ground water into water suitable for drinking , cleaning , and cooking .
The potable water produced meets the World Health Organization ( WHO ) standards for clean drinking water .
Reliable 24/7 Communication : Centered around the Ecos Com Cube , the communications control room is equipped with a satellite communications and electrical power management system that leverages the energy generated from LifeLink ’s renewable energy sources to provide electricity and power a full range of wireless VSAT , VOIP and wireless communications capable of handling thousands of phone calls and offering wireless connectivity for a range of up to 30 miles .
“ Ecos LifeLink is revolutionary in the fact that it will use only the power of the sun and wind to create and store the energy needed to run water filtration components , pumps , or motors , ” said Jean Michel Cousteau , Ecosphere spokesperson , ocean pioneer and leading environmentalist .
“ LifeLink can be used to provide water and electricity for a small village .
Multiple systems could be used throughout a village to power its school , water system , buildings , and communications systems . ”
The JavaScript knowledge gap
JavaScript is a paradox of a language .
It has nearly universal availability in its target market — client - side Web scripting — and is a major component of “ Web 2.0 ” , but very few people actually write or even really know JavaScript .
Many “ modern ” web - development frameworks remove the need for that by offering direct translation from some other language to JS , or by offering “ helpers ” which generate and include JavaScript automatically .
And even among the few folks who do n’t use those tools , most prefer to work entirely within the confines of a particular set of libraries .
So JavaScript is one of the world ’s widest - deployed programming languages , and also one of the least - well - known , in the sense of the base of programmers who can competently work with it .
That ’s a problem .
How did we get here ?
To a certain extent it ’s always been this way .
Even way back in the Second Age , JavaScript users fell into two camps : a small minority who were familiar enough with the language and with browser quirks to write effective code , and a vastly larger segment who simply downloaded ready - made scripts and dropped them into their sites .
But the same was true of most web technologies back then ; it was the age of the copy / paste learning experience .
With the coming of the Third Age and the rise of the web standards movement , it would have been logical for this to change ; the rush was on to learn CSS and proper HTML , and you ’d expect that the same would have been true of JavaScript : instead of downloading scripts or copy / pasting , people should have been going out and learning the right way to do things .
But it did n’t happen that way : CSS got the lion ’s share of attention , with HTML coming along for the ride , and JavaScript remained the red - headed stepchild .
I think some of this had to do with prioritization ; the web standards movement pushed CSS and tables - for - tabular - data first , and that was absolutely necessary at the time .
It was n’t until things were really in full swing that there was even much focus on semantic HTML — at first , ditching table layout for CSS was the battle cry , and many sites went from a layout chock full of meaningless table elements to a layout chock full of equally meaningless div elements .
The pushback against “ div-itis ” came eventually , but re-structuring with meaningful HTML was something that logically could n’t happen until people had ditched their layout tables and come over to the CSS side of things .
Similarly , JavaScript did n’t get a lot of attention in the early days of the standards revolution , and with good reason : just as semantic HTML could n’t really happen until CSS caught on , best - practice JavaScript needed some groundwork in the form of cleaner , more meaningful HTML and a solid understanding of how to separate the different concerns of the Web ’s frontend .
That groundwork has been laid , and within the past couple of years there ’s been a surge in the use of JavaScript and in writing about JavaScript ; you can now walk into a good bookstore and find multiple volumes on truly modern JS development using unobtrusive scripting and the DOM API s .
But it ’s going to take a little while yet for all of that to catch on .
But that ’s not the only thing keeping a solid knowledge of JavaScript out of the modern web developer ’s toolbox .
The red herring of browser bugs
A lot of folks will profess that they do n’t hate JavaScript in and of itself , but that they hate buggy browser implementations of JS and the DOM , and at first that certainly sounds believable ; there are some pretty nasty compatibility issues across the various popular browsers .
But the more I think about it , the more I think that ca n’t really be the reason ; CSS was , and in part still is , notoriously “ quirky ” across browsers , and yet we soldiered through and learned it anyway , cataloguing the bugs and their workarounds as we went .
So there ’s got to be something more going on here .
Ultimately , I think a lot of the resistance to JavaScript comes down to unfamiliarity : JavaScript is different .
If most of your experience is with HTML and CSS — a markup language and a style language , respectively — the prospect of tackling a programming language and , what ’s more , doing actual programming ( do n’t listen to the nay - sayers : writing in JS is programming ) is a pretty big leap .
And if you ’re a programmer with a server - side background , JavaScript is nearly as strange because it ’s not like most other programming languages : if you ’ve never done object - oriented programming you ’ve got a significant conceptual hurdle to get over , and if you have done OO before you ’ve almost certainly never done it the way JavaScript does ( witness the variety of ways JS libraries have come up with to try to coerce it into behaving like a “ traditional ” class - based language ) .
So no matter where you come from , JavaScript is different .
And “ different ” can also mean “ difficult ” , “ scary ” and a lot of other things .
So people do n’t really learn JavaScript unless they ’re backed into a corner ; until then they ’ll rely on helpers or libraries to smooth it out and make it feel more familiar .
At least , that ’s how it seems to work .
Closing the gap
So we ’re back to the paradox of JavaScript : it ’s a ludicrously widely - deployed language , but very few people actually know it well enough to program competently in it on their own .
If JavaScript is going to step up into its rightful place alongside HTML and CSS as a foundation of the Web ’s client side , that ’s got to change .
One thing which could help to bring about that change would be taking away the training wheels : no more cross-compilers , no more translators , no more “ helpers ” .
So long as it ’s possible to avoid actually learning JavaScript , I think most people will avoid it .
But that ’s not going to happen , so we ’ve got to look elsewhere .
A more plausible approach would be to change the way JavaScript is learned .
Personally , as a programmer , the biggest leap forward for me was finally sitting down and reading the rhino book .
The unique thing about it is that it begins by treating JavaScript as a programming language , and postpones the DOM and other web - specific details until later .
More than anything , I think this is the key to introducing a programmer to JavaScript — until you can think in JavaScript you ca n’t program effectively in JavaScript .
For people coming from non-programming backgrounds , I can think of a few options :
Anyone who ’s ever done serious work with Flash should n’t have too much trouble getting to the same level with JavaScript ; the differences between ActionScript and JavaScript , to a non-programmer , are relatively superficial and do n’t need to be explored in detail until you ’ve got a good working familiarity with JS .
Plenty of HTML / CSS folks are dabbling in a bit of programming these days ; some hack a bit on Wordpress , others get really adventurous and try out Rails or Django .
Having some experience with programming concepts , particularly from heavily object - oriented languages like Ruby and Python , can do a lot to reduce the unfamiliarity that plagues JavaScript .
Finally , for those who ’ve never touched a programming language of any sort , there are friendly , well - written books popping up with increasing regularity which provide gentle introductions to JavaScript and help to flatten the learning curve .
I ’d like to have a better list here , but I do n’t really have experience of making that jump ; I already had a few programming languages and a fair amount of practical development experience under my belt when I got around to properly learning JavaScript , so I could be wildly off - target here .
Perhaps one of the talented designers I know will pipe up and offer better insight :)
Wrap it all up in a nice package
JavaScript has had image problems for a long time , ever since the Elder Days when only the DHTML Wizards could wield it properly .
In the last year or so the situation has started to improve , but any change in how people get exposed to JavaScript needs to be accompanied by a corresponding change in the general perception of JavaScript ; it needs to be carefully marketed .
The notion of JavaScript as a painful language to be avoided whenever possible needs to be thrown out , and replaced with the same sort of descriptions people have been giving to the new wave of server - side frameworks : once you know how it works , JavaScript is a rich , expressive language and opens up all sorts of possibilities you never could have imagined before .
And even though there ’s been much consternation about JavaScript libraries , I think their use should be encouraged ; just as CSS benefited from widespread knowledge of hacks which would iron out browser inconsistencies , I think JavaScript will gain a lot of good will from ever - wider use of libraries which smooth out the various implementation wrinkles .
That means no more discussions about whether giving an inexperienced developer a library is like “ putting guns in the hands of children ” — that sort of elitism , whether intentional or not , can only hurt JavaScript adoption in the long run .
And I ’m spent
JavaScript is a great language whose time , I hope , has finally come .
But getting the majority of web developers and designers past their hangup over actually learning the language is absolutely crucial , and I think it ’ll take a combination of all the things I ’ve touched on here — better teaching approaches , better marketing and more encouragement of library use — to really close the JS knowledge gap and finally make JavaScript the first - class Web citizen it deserves to be .
There ’s a whole lot more that could probably be said on the topic , but that ’s where I ’m going to leave off for now ; I ’ve spent most of the past two months doing nothing but writing JavaScript and writing about JavaScript , and it ’s time to shift gears for a while and get back to writing Python and writing about Django :)
This is a website of astronomical pictures and tips and techniques for astrophotography .
Beginner 's Guide Get started in basic astrophotography of the night sky .
Learn More
Processing Guide Learn DeepSkyStacker and Photoshop for image processing .
New !
Learn More
Advanced Guide
Take your long - exposure deep - sky images to the next level .
Learn More
Planetary Guide
Shoot high - resolution images of the sun , moon and planets .
Learn More
And like car dealers , we force you to borrow money to help make up the difference .
You will probably owe more than $ 20,000 , on average , when you leave Laudable .
Graduates of public institutions will owe , on average , more than $ 15,000 .
How will many of you begin your adult lives ?
In serious debt .
We certainly take a lot of your money .
But we ship money back to you .
How much ?
This year , Laudable will spend more than $ 41,000 to educate each of you .
At public institutions , it will be more than $ 31,000 per student .
Some schools have huge endowments that help them generate the money they need to educate you ( Harvard has more than $ 26 billion to count on ) .
But most schools are like Laudable : we need your tuition dollars .
Bottom line : money in and money out .
Laudable could be cheaper , but you would n’t like it .
You and your parents have made it clear that you want the best .
That means more spacious and comfortable student residences ( “ dormitories , ” we used to call them ) , gyms with professional exercise equipment , better food of all kinds , more counselors to attend to your growing emotional needs , more high - tech classrooms and campuses that are spectacularly handsome .
Our competitors provide such things , so we do too .
We compete for everything : faculty , students , research dollars and prestige .
The more you want us to give to you , the more we will be asking you to give to us .
We aim to please , and that will cost you .
It ’s been a long time since scholarship and teaching were carried on in monastic surroundings .
Laudable ’s surroundings , by the way , will remind you of where you came from .
That ’s because your financial circumstances are pretty much the same as those of your classmates .
More expensive schools have students from wealthier parents ; less expensive schools draw students from families with fewer financial resources .
More than half of the freshmen at selective colleges , public and private , come from the highest - earning quarter of households .
Tell me the ZIP code and I ’ll tell you what kind of college a high - school graduate most likely attends .
Is your laptop a fancy piece of luggage or an extension of your mind ?
That 's the central question facing a federal appeals court in a case that could sharply limit the government 's ability to snoop into laptop computers carried across the border by American citizens .
The question , before the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , arose from the prosecution of Michael Timothy Arnold , an American citizen whose laptop was randomly searched in July 2005 at Los Angeles International Airport as he returned from a three - week trip to the Philippines .
Agents booted the computer and began opening folders on the desktop , where they found a picture of two naked women , continued searching , then turned up what the government says is child pornography .
In June 2006 , a judge from the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California threw out the evidence , finding that customs officials must have at least " reasonable suspicion " to begin prying into the contents of an electronic storage device , a decision the government is now appealing .
" Electronic storage devices function as an extension of our own memory , " Judge Dean Pregerson wrote .
" They are capable of storing our thoughts , ranging from the most whimsical to the most profound .
Therefore , government intrusions into the mind – specifically those that would cause fear or apprehension in a reasonable person – are no less deserving of Fourth Amendment scrutiny than intrusions that are physical in nature . "
While it 's not clear how many laptops are searched at the border each year , both business and recreational travelers are increasingly toting computers with them , complete with hard drives full of personal pictures , confidential corporate documents and revealing internet logs .
An October 2006 survey of business travel executives revealed that some companies were rethinking rules on proprietary information being stored on traveling laptops , and 1 percent of the respondents reported they had , or knew someone who had , a laptop confiscated at the border .
The reach of such searches will likely widen as more and more people opt for smartphones , such as Apple 's upcoming iPhone , which combine elements of traditional computers with the voice capabilities of a cell phone .
The California decision is the first to challenge that trend , and it makes laptops , and even USB memory sticks , very different from every other item brought across the border , including luggage , diaries , prescription drug bottles and sexual toys – all of which customs and border agents have been allowed to search without cause for years under the " border exception " to the Fourth Amendment .
The government says the rationale behind that exception – that border agents are responsible for protecting the safety of the nation and enforcing copyright and obscenity rules – logically extends to laptops .
" For constitutional purposes nothing distinguishes a computer from other closed containers used to store highly personal items , " the Department of Justice argues in its appeal brief .
Moreover , requiring government agents to have a reasonable suspicion before searching a laptop will invite smugglers and terrorists to hide contraband and evidence there , the government argues .
" If allowed to stand , the district court 's decision will seriously undermine the nation 's vital interest in protecting its borders by removing the significant deterrent effect of suspicionless searches , " reads the filing .
Arnold 's lawyers , Kevin Lahue and Marilyn Bednarski , disagree , arguing that it's not very difficult for law enforcement agents to come up with " reasonable suspicion . "
" No ordinary traveler would expect their private files to be searched at the border without any reasonable justification , " they told the appeals court .
" The government 's argument that a traveler can simply avoid exposure by leaving the laptop at home is an oversimplification of its function and role in daily life . "
Lahue has support from the Association of Corporate Travel Executives and the Electronic Frontier Foundation .
The two groups submitted a friend - of - the - court brief Tuesday arguing that suspicionless searches of laptops are overly invasive , and that prior to the California ruling , the government had no limits on what it could do when it seizes a laptop and makes a copy of the hard drive .
Already travelers have reported customs agents seizing laptops , making copies of the hard drive and returning the computers weeks later .
That practice scares the travel execs ' association and the EFF , which argue that under the government 's reasoning , border authorities could systematically copy all of the information contained on every laptop computer and cell phone that crosses the border , without any court oversight .
" A suspicionless unrestricted search of a laptop computer is simply electronic eavesdropping after the fact , " the groups told the court .
" ( It ) is distinguishable from the forbidden general searches of Colonial times only by the technologies involved . "
The case 's outcome is far from clear - cut , according to Lahue .
" A lot will depend on whether the court decides it 's like searching a piece of luggage or like a body - cavity search , " Lahue told Wired News .
" A diary , even one that is labeled ' my secret sexual fantasies , ' has always been fair game . "
The government 's reply brief is due June 26 , and the case will likely be argued sometime in the fall .
June 21 , 2007
" What is a ' unipolar� world ?
It is world in which there is one master , one sovereign --- one center of authority , one center of force , one center of decision - making .
And at the end of the day this is pernicious not only for all those within this system , but also for the sovereign itself because it destroys itself from within .
It has nothing in common with democracy , which is the power of the majority in respect to the interests and opinions of the minority .
In Russia , we are constantly being lectured about democracy .
But for some reason those who teach us do not want to learn themselves . "
Russian President Vladimir Putin�s address to the Munich Conference on Security Policy 2-10-07
The deployment of the US Missile Defense System in Eastern Europe is a de-facto declaration of war on the Russian Federation .
As Russian President Putin said in a recent press conference , " If this missile system is put in place , it will work automatically with the entire nuclear capability of the United States .
It will be an integral part of the US nuclear capability . "
This will disrupt the current configuration of international security and force Russia to begin work on a new regime of tactical nuclear weapons .
This is a very serious development .
Russia will now have to rethink its current policy vis a vis the United States and develop a long - range strategy for fending off further hostile encroachments into former - Soviet states by NATO .
Welcome to the new Cold War .
Putin cannot ignore the gravity of the proposed system or the threat it poses to Russia�s national security .
Bush�s Missile Defense is not defensive at all , but offensive .
It thrusts US military bases -- with nuclear infrastructure and radar -- up to Russia�s doorstep giving the US a clear advantage in " first - strike " capability .
That means that Washington will be able to intimidate Russia on issues that are of critical international importance .
Putin can not allow this .
He must force Bush to remove this dagger held to Moscow�s throat .
Bush�s Pyrrhic Victory at the G - 8
The central issues on the docket at the G - 8 meetings were downplayed in the media .
The press primarily focused its attention on the " anticipated " conflict between Bush and Putin .
But , the brouhaha never materialized ; both were respectful and gracious .
President Bush , however , was adamant that his plan for missile defense in Czechoslovakia and Poland would go ahead according to schedule .
Putin , for the most part remained politely silent .
His objections were censored in the media .
But less than 10 hours after the closing ceremonies of the G - 8 , Putin fired off the first salvo in what will certainly be remembered as " the war that brought down the Empire " .
Putin addressed 200 corporate leaders at the International Economic Forum in St. Petersburg and his comments left little doubt that he had already settled on a plan for countering Bush�s missile shield in the Czech Republic .
Putin�s speech articulated his vision of a " Moscow - centered " new world order which would create a ``new balance of power ''- - less dependent on Washington .
He said , `` The new architecture of economic relations requires a completely new approach .
Russia intends to become an alternative global financial center and to make the ruble a reserve currency for central banks . "
" The world is changing before our eyes . ''
Countries that yesterday seemed hopelessly behind are today the fastest growing economies of the world .
Institutions such as the World Trade Organization and the IMF are ``archaic , undemocratic and inflexible ' ' .
They don�t `` reflect the new balance of power . ''
Putin 's speech is defiant rejection of the present system .
We can be sure that it has not passed unnoticed by anxious mandarins in the US political establishment .
Russia is announcing the beginning of an asymmetrical war ; designed to cripple the United States economically , weaken the institutions which have traditionally enhanced its wealth , and precipitate a shift of global power away from Washington .
Putin�s challenge to the US dollar is particularly worrisome .
He emphasizes the inherent unfairness of the current system , which relies almost entirely on the dollar and which has an extremely negative effect on many smaller countries � economies and financial reserves .
" There can be only one answer to this challenge , " he said .
" The creation of several world currencies and several financial centers . "
Putin�s remarks are a direct attack on the dollar and its position as the de facto international currency .
He imagines a world where goods and resources are traded in rubles or " baskets of currencies " -- not just greenbacks .
This would create greater parity between the countries and , hence , a more even distribution of power .
Putin 's vision is a clear threat to America�s ongoing economic dominance .
Already , in the last few months , Norway , Iran , Syria , UAE , Kuwait , and Venezuela have announced that they are either cutting back on their USD reserves or converting from the greenback to the euro or a " basket of currencies " .
Dollar hegemony is at the very center of American power , and yet , the downturn is visible everywhere .
If the dollar loses its place as the world�s " reserve currency " ; the US will have to pay - down its monstrous current account deficit and live within its means .
America will lose the ability to simply print fiat money and use it in exchange for valuable resources and manufactured goods .
Putin is now openly challenging the monetary - system that provides the flow of oxygen to the American superpower .
Can he carry it off ?
What kind of damage can Russia really inflict on the dollar or on the many lofty - sounding organizations ( WTO , World Bank , IMF , NATO and Federal Reserve ) which prop up the US Empire ?
Russia�s power is mushrooming .
Its GDP is leaping ahead at 8 % per annum and by 2020 Russia will be among the five biggest economies in the world .
It now has the third largest Forex reserves in the world and it is gradually moving away from the anemic dollar to euros and rubles .
Nearly 10 % of its wealth is currently in gold .
Russia has also overtaken Saudi Arabia as the world�s leading supplier of petroleum .
It produces 13 % of the world�s daily output and has the world�s largest reserves of natural gas .
In fact , Putin has worked energetically to create the world�s first Natural Gas cartel�an alliance between Russia , Qatar , Iran and Algeria .
The group could potentially control 40 % of the world�s remaining natural gas and set prices as it sees fit .
Putin�s ambitions are not limited to the energy sector either --- although he has strengthened the country by turning away foreign investment and " re-nationalization " vital resources .
As Pavel Korduban says in his recent article " Putin Harvests Political Dividends from Russian Economic Dynamism " ; Putin intends to expand beyond energy and focus on technological modernization :
" The shift in official discourse to " innovations " reflects an attempt to reorient economic policy from the goal of consolidating the status of " energy superpower " to the emphasis on industrial modernization and catching up with the technological revolution .
The key role in formulating this new policy is given to Sergei Ivanov , who promised that by the year 2020 Russia would gain leadership ( measured as 10 % of the world market ) in such high - technology sectors as nuclear energy , shipbuilding , aircraft , satellites and delivery systems , and computer software . "
Putin has also strengthened ties with his Central Asian neighbors and engaged in " cooperative " military maneuvers with China .
" Last month it signed deals with Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan and Kazakhstan to revive the Soviet - era united system of gas pipelines , which will help Russia strengthen its role of the monopoly supplier from the region " .
( Reuters )
He has transformed the Commonwealth of Independent States ( CIS ) into a formidable economic - military alliance capable of resisting foreign intervention in Central Asia by the United States and NATO .
The CIS is bound to play a major role in regional issues as the real motives behind the " war on terror " are exposed and America 's geopolitical objectives in Central Asia become clearer .
So far , Washington has established its military bases and outposts throughout the region with impunity .
But the mood is darkening in Moscow and Beijing and there may be changes in the future .
We should also remember that Putin is surrounded by ex-KGB agents and Soviet - era hardliners .
They�ve never trusted America 's motives and now they can point to the new US bases , the " colored - coded " revolutions , the broken treaties and the projected missile defense system -- to prove that Uncle Sam is " up to no good " .
Putin sees himself as leading a global insurgency against the US Empire .
He represents the emerging - market economies of China , India and Brazil .
These 4 nations will progressively overtake the " old order " .
Last year 60 % of the world 's output was produced outside the G - 7 countries .
According to Goldman Sachs , by 2050 Brazil , Russia , India and China will be the world 's leading economies .
The transition from " superpower rule " is already underway .
The centers of geopolitical power are shifting like giant tectonic plates .
The trend is irreversible .
The deployment of Bush�s missile defense system will only hasten the decline of the " unipolar - model " by triggering an asymmetrical war , where Forex reserves , vital resources and political maneuvering will be used as the weapons - of - choice .
War with Russia is pointless and preventable .
There are better choices than confrontation .
OUR Big Mac
Index provides a rough guide to how far currencies are from fair value .
The index is based on the theory of purchasing - power parity ( PPP ) , which says that exchange rates should equalise the price of a basket of goods — in this case , a Big Mac hamburger .
The implied PPP is the exchange rate that makes the dollar price the same in each country .
Using this yardstick , China 's yuan is the cheapest currency .
A Big Mac in China costs 11 yuan , or $ 1.45 , an undervaluation of 58 % .
However , local inputs such as rents and wages tend to be lower in poorer countries and less easily arbitraged across borders , so PPP is a better guide to misalignments between countries at a similar stage of development .
Most rich - world currencies are overvalued against the dollar , including the euro ( by 22 % ) and the Swiss franc ( by 53 % ) .
The yen is an exception , but although it is undervalued by 33 % in Big Mac terms , broader PPP measures would suggest that it is close to fair value .
AFP
Different players in the 2002 debate have different memories .
John R. Bolton , the former American ambassador to the United Nations , who headed the State Department ’s proliferation office at the time of the 2002 declaration , said in an interview on Wednesday evening that “ there was no dissent at the time , because in the face of the evidence the disputes evaporated . ”
Mr. Bolton , one of the most hawkish voices in the administration and a vocal critic of its recent deal with North Korea , recalled that even the State Department ’s own intelligence arm , which was the most skeptical of the Iraq evidence , “ agreed with the consensus opinion . ”
But David A. Kay , a nuclear expert and former official who in 2003 and 2004 led the American hunt for unconventional arms in Iraq , said he had found the administration ’s claims about the North Korean uranium program unpersuasive .
“ They were driving it way further than the evidence indicated it should go , ” he said in an interview .
The leap of logic , Dr. Kay added , turned evidence of equipment purchases into “ a significant production capability . ”
But the doubts were on full display on Wednesday , when Christopher R. Hill , the chief American negotiator with North Korea , testified on Capitol Hill .
“ If we determine that there is a program , it ’s got to go , ” Mr. Hill said , words that were far more tentative than American policy makers have used about the program in the past .
Expressing his resolve to get to the bottom of the mystery , he added : “ We cannot have a situation where we — you know , they pretend to disarm and we pretend to believe them .
We need to run this into the ground . ”
He said that while there was no doubt that North Korea had bought centrifuges from Abdul Qadeer Khan , the rogue Pakistani engineer , there was doubt about “ how far they ’ve gotten . ”
John E. McLaughlin , a former director of central intelligence and the deputy C.I.A. director in 2002 , defended the initial North Korean findings as accurate .
“ At the time we reported this , we had confidence that they were acquiring materials that could give them the capability to do this down the road , ” he said in an interview .
But no one , he added , “ said they had anything up and running .
We also made clear that we did not have a confident understanding of how far along they were . ”
That confidence has dropped further because inspectors have been banned from North Korea for four years , nearly as long as they were out of Iraq before their readmittance just before the 2003 invasion .
In Iraq ’s case , intelligence analysts extrapolated from the last information they had to assess what kind of weapons Iraq might be producing .
Outside experts , including David Albright , president of the Institute for Science and International Security , a private group in Washington that tracks nuclear arms , have suggested in recent days that something similar happened in North Korea ’s case .
“ The evidence does n’t support the extrapolation ” to the judgment that North Korea was making crucial strides in its uranium program , Mr. Albright said in an interview .
“ The extrapolation went too far . ”
He said administration analysts were right in thinking that Dr. Khan had sold North Korea about 20 centrifuges .
Gen. Pervez Musharraf , the Pakistani president , confirmed that in a memoir published last year .
But , Mr. Albright said , intelligence agencies overstated whether North Korea had used those few machines as models to construct row upon row of carbon copies .
Rights groups criticize Bush ban on ' cruel and unusual ' treatment Michael Roston
Published : Friday July 20 , 2007 Print This Email This President George W. Bush issued an executive order Friday to ban the cruel and unusual treatment of detainees caught in the course of the Global War on Terrorism - related operations .
Two human rights groups heavily criticized the order hours after its release .
White House Press Secretary Tony Snow described why the order was being applied to the Central Intelligence Agency 's operations .
" Last September , the president explained how the CIA 's program had disrupted attacks and saved lives , and that it must continue on a sound legal footing , " AP reports him saying .
" The president has insisted on clear legal standards so that CIA officers involved in this essential work are not placed in jeopardy for doing their job - and keeping America safe from attacks . "
But human rights groups said Bush 's order would allow illegal interrogations of terrorism - related detainees to continue .
" [ T ] he Order fails to make clear whether interrogation techniques that had been authorized for use in the CIA program are still permitted , " said Elisa Massimino , the Washington Director of Human Rights First .
" If the Order is interpreted by the CIA as authorization to use techniques such as waterboarding , stress positions , hypothermia , sensory deprivation , sleep deprivation and isolation , it sends a powerful  and dangerous  message to the United States  current and future enemies : that this country believes these techniques can lawfully be used against our own troops without violating Common Article 3 [ of the Geneva Conventions ] . "
A spokesperson for another group offered similar sentiments .
" It seems like the goal of todays order is not to produce clarity , but rather to produce room for reasonable doubt when CIA officers are defending their own abusive conduct ,  said Shayana Kadidal , Managing Attorney for the Guantánamo Global Justice Initiative at the Center for Constitutional Rights .
In addition to banning torture and cruel and unusual interrogation techniques , the CIA is specifically prohibited from using a pair of additional techniques .
First , the order explicitly bans , " sexual or sexually indecent acts undertaken for the purpose of humiliation , forcing the individual to perform sexual acts or to pose sexually , threatening the individual with sexual mutilation , or using the individual as a human shield . "
Second , Bush 's order outlaws , " acts intended to denigrate the religion , religious practices , or religious objects of the individual . "
The bill also makes clear who the CIA must apply these interrogation rules to : " a member or part of or supporting al Qaeda , the Taliban , or associated organizations ; and ... likely to be in possession of information that ... could assist in detecting , mitigating , or preventing terrorist attacks ... [ or ] could assist in locating the senior leadership of al Qaeda , the Taliban , or associated forces . "
The Center for Constitutional Rights offered an additional warning about the text of the President 's order .
" In the past , the Bush administration has taken the position that even if some legal restrictions on interrogation methods applied , they were unenforceable in court , " the group 's press release said .
" According to CCR attorneys , that problem exists with todays Executive Order , as the last section states it does not create any rights or benefits that are enforceable in court  except for CIA officers defending themselves from charges of abuse . "
A full copy of the Bush executive order was sent to RAW STORY and is presented below .
# INTERPRETATION OF THE GENEVA CONVENTIONS COMMON ARTICLE 3 AS APPLIED TO A PROGRAM OF DETENTION AND INTERROGATION OPERATED BY THE CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY
By the authority vested in me as President and Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces by the Constitution and the laws of the United States of America , including the Authorization for Use of Military Force ( Public Law 10740 ) , the Military Commissions Act of 2006 ( Public Law 109366 ) , and section 301 of title 3 , United States Code , it is hereby ordered as follows : Section 1 . General Determinations .
( a ) The United States is engaged in an armed conflict with al Qaeda , the Taliban , and associated forces .
Members of al Qaeda were responsible for the attacks on the United States of September 11 , 2001 , and for many other terrorist attacks , including against the United States , its personnel , and its allies throughout the world .
These forces continue to fight the United States and its allies in Afghanistan , Iraq , and elsewhere , and they continue to plan additional acts of terror throughout the world .
On February 7 , 2002 , I determined for the United States that members of al Qaeda , the Taliban , and associated forces are unlawful enemy combatants who are not entitled to the protections that the Third Geneva Convention provides to prisoners of war .
I hereby reaffirm that determination .
( b ) The Military Commissions
Act defines certain prohibitions of Common Article 3 for United States law , and it reaffirms and reinforces the authority of the President to interpret the meaning and application of the Geneva Conventions .
Sec. 2 . Definitions .
As used in this order : ( a ) " Common Article 3 " means Article 3 of the Geneva Conventions .
( b ) " Geneva Conventions " means : ( i ) the Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded and Sick in Armed Forces in the Field , done at Geneva August 12 , 1949 ( 6 UST 3114 ) ; ( ii ) the Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of Wounded , Sick and Shipwrecked Members of Armed Forces at Sea , done at Geneva August 12 , 1949 ( 6 UST 3217 ) ; ( iii ) the Convention Relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War , done at Geneva August 12 , 1949 ( 6 UST 3316 ) ; and ( iv ) the Convention Relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War , done at Geneva August 12 , 1949 ( 6 UST 3516 ) .
( c ) " Cruel , inhuman , or degrading treatment or punishment " means the cruel , unusual , and inhumane treatment or punishment prohibited by the Fifth , Eighth , and Fourteenth Amendments to the Constitution of the United States .
Sec. 3 . Compliance of a Central Intelligence Agency Detention and Interrogation Program with Common Article 3 . ( a ) Pursuant to the authority of the President under the Constitution and the laws of the United States , including the Military Commissions
Act of 2006 , this order interprets the meaning and application of the text of Common Article 3 with respect to certain detentions and interrogations , and shall be treated as authoritative for all purposes as a matter of United States law , including satisfaction of the international obligations of the United States .
I hereby determine that Common Article 3 shall apply to a program of detention and interrogation operated by the Central Intelligence Agency as set forth in this section .
The requirements set forth in this section shall be applied with respect to detainees in such program without adverse distinction as to their race , color , religion or faith , sex , birth , or wealth .
( b ) I hereby determine that a program of detention and interrogation approved by the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency fully complies with the obligations of the United States under Common Article 3 , provided that : ( i ) the conditions of confinement and interrogation practices of the program do not include : ( A ) torture , as defined in section 2340 of title 18 , United States Code ; ( B ) any of the acts prohibited by section 2441 ( d ) of title 18 , United States Code , including murder , torture , cruel or inhuman treatment , mutilation or maiming , intentionally causing serious bodily injury , rape , sexual assault or abuse , taking of hostages , or performing of biological experiments ; ( C ) other acts of violence serious enough to be considered comparable to murder , torture , mutilation , and cruel or inhuman treatment , as defined in section 2441 ( d ) of title 18 , United States Code ; ( D ) any other acts of cruel , inhuman , or degrading treatment or punishment prohibited by the Military Commissions Act ( subsection 6 ( c ) of Public Law 109366 ) and the Detainee Treatment Act of 2005 ( section 1003 of Public Law 109148 and section 1403 of Public Law 109  163 ) ; ( E ) willful and outrageous acts of personal abuse done for the purpose of humiliating or degrading the individual in a manner so serious that any reasonable person , considering the circumstances , would deem the acts to be beyond the bounds of human decency , such as sexual or sexually indecent acts undertaken for the purpose of humiliation , forcing the individual to perform sexual acts or to pose sexually , threatening the individual with sexual mutilation , or using the individual as a human shield ; or ( F ) acts intended to denigrate the religion , religious practices , or religious objects of the individual ; ( ii ) the conditions of confinement and interrogation practices are to be used with an alien detainee who is determined by the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency : ( A ) to be a member or part of or supporting al Qaeda , the Taliban , or associated organizations ; and ( B ) likely to be in possession of information that : ( 1 ) could assist in detecting , mitigating , or preventing terrorist attacks , such as attacks within the United States or against its Armed Forces or other personnel , citizens , or facilities , or against allies or other countries cooperating in the war on terror with the United States , or their armed forces or other personnel , citizens , or facilities ; or ( 2 ) could assist in locating the senior leadership of al Qaeda , the Taliban , or associated forces ; ( iii ) the interrogation practices are determined by the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency , based upon professional advice , to be safe for use with each detainee with whom they are used ; and ( iv ) detainees in the program receive the basic necessities of life , including adequate food and water , shelter from the elements , necessary clothing , protection from extremes of heat and cold , and essential medical care .
( c ) The Director of the Central Intelligence Agency shall issue written policies to govern the program , including guidelines for Central Intelligence Agency personnel that implement paragraphs ( i ) ( C ) , ( E ) , and ( F ) of subsection 3 ( b ) of this order , and including requirements to ensure : ( i ) safe and professional operation of the program ; ( ii ) the development of an approved plan of interrogation tailored for each detainee in the program to be interrogated , consistent with subsection 3 ( b ) ( iv ) of this order ; ( iii ) appropriate training for interrogators and all personnel operating the program ; ( iv ) effective monitoring of the program , including with respect to medical matters , to ensure the safety of those in the program ; and ( v ) compliance with applicable law and this order .
Sec. 4 . Assignment of Function .
With respect to the program addressed in this order , the function of the President under section 6 ( c ) ( 3 ) of the Military Commissions
Act of 2006 is assigned to the Director of National Intelligence .
Sec. 5 . General Provisions .
( a ) Subject to subsection ( b ) of this section , this order is not intended to , and does not , create any right or benefit , substantive or procedural , enforceable at law or in equity , against the United States , its departments , agencies , or other entities , its officers or employees , or any other person .
( b) Nothing in this order shall be construed to prevent or limit reliance upon this order in a civil , criminal , or administrative proceeding , or otherwise , by the Central Intelligence Agency or by any individual acting on behalf of the Central Intelligence Agency in connection with the program addressed in this order .
GEORGE W. BUSH THE WHITE HOUSE , July 20 , 2007 .
DEVELOPING ...
Special Feature
The Series 5 pocket computer from Psion was launched 10 years ago this week .
It was a remarkable achievement : entirely new silicon , a new operating system , middleware stack and applications were developed from scratch in just over two years .
This was the last time anyone undertook such a daunting task : it may be the last time anyone ever tries , either .
Companies or projects that are formed to achieve simply one of these four goals typically end in failure : to achieve all four successfully , and put them in a product that was successful , too , was a triumph of creativity and management .
We now live in a world where our general - purpose computers are created from generic , off - the - shelf components .
New technology systems take the form of mass market appliances , such as the TomTom navigation system , or the iPod music player .
The “ Protea ” project , as it was called , now seems destined to be remembered as the last time anyone will create , from the ground - up , a new general - purpose computer .
As we discovered , however , this story is about much more than the life of a product .
It ’s about the fate of a once - inventive and fearless computer company .
Twice , Psion launched products into the teeth of a recession , products that defied accepted technical limitations and market wisdom to become success stories .
But just as it had with PDAs , the Psion Group also made plans to develop GPS navigation systems , hard - disk based music players , digital radios , and even set - top boxes — long before these markets existed .
Today , the people who drew up those plans at Psion now underpin successful businesses in the very fields Psion rejected .
In four years , Psion ’s former hardware chief turned a tiny Dutch software company into the leader in SatNav systems : TomTom this year will generate $ 2bn in turnover , using a core of former Psion staff , and led by the computer division ’s former managing director Harold Goddijn , and its star sales chief , Corinne Vigreux .
And the Psion engineer who eight years ago scouted component factories in England with a dream of making a hard disk - based MP3 player , today heads the engineering for Apple ’s iPod division .
The only one of these consumer electronics products to make it to market was a DAB Radio .
While smaller than satnav and portable music , the digital radio market is expected to be worth $ 1bn next year .
So Psion had the chance to become something few imagine was ever possible : a home - grown consumer electronics giant with a global brand : a British Sony , or a British General Electrics .
Today , seven years from its bloody retreat from the consumer business , Psion is a larger business than it was in its apparent heyday , and is growing at a clip .
But little of this is based on technology developed by itself : most of it was acquired with the purchase of Teklogix during the telecoms boom .
Psion ’s lasting legacy has been to provide the core component for a 125 million smartphone market .
Few people today would bet against this component — a sophisticated and resilient operating system developed in two years by a small team led by Colly Myers — to be the most used piece of system software in the world .
That ’s no mean achievement and , of course , it ’s Psion ’s “ genetic legacy ” , as Potter proudly calls it .
Meanwhile , former Psion staff ponder a list of “ couldas ” that never had a chance of being “ shouldas ” : projects that never reached the market , that were success stories for other people .
Engineers often make such retrospective claims — but on closer examination , the company lacks the skill , design , or marketing experience to turn a bright idea into a successful product .
However , in Psion ’s case , these claims have much merit , as the company had these skills in abundance .
Mark Gretton , at TomTom , and David Tupman at Apple , each oversees the engineering for a hugely successful consumer product .
In each case , success was achieved on a budget , compared to some of the more recent big budget consumer electronics projects — think PlayStation 3 .
Psion even turned down pleas to acquire its eventual nemesis in the PDA business , Palm ( a story not recorded in Palm ’s biography ) .
Many of the stories here are being told for the first time — and as they unravel , we can ask why Britain had a consumer electronics giant that never was .
Why not ?
I ’ve tried to answer the question in three parts .
A look at the Protea project — which produced the Series 5 and gives an insight into Psion ’s skills .
Then we pick up the story after the launch of the computer , up to Psion ’s exit from the consumer electronics business after 18 years , in 2001 .
Finally the key figures tell the story in their own words .
It ’s the longest story we ’ve ever run at The Register — we ’ll be making a PDF version ( and of course , an Epoc Word format version ) available shortly .
Navigation
The Protea Story
After Protea : Psion from 1997 to 2001
In their own words : Mark Gretton ; Martin Riddiford ; Nick Healey ; David Tupman ; Sir David Potter ;
I once had a boss who shared his theory for seducing a woman .
I ’m not sure if it was genius or insanity .
His theory is so simple it has to be one or the other .
His two step secret to seduction :
1 . Take her to your place .
2 . Get her to take off her shoes .
That ’s it .
His observation , after years of playboy behavior , is that a woman who takes off her shoes at your place is n’t planning to put them back on until morning .
If she does n’t take them off , she ’s mentally prepped for a quick escape .
You might wonder if removing shoes causes the sex or it ’s simply a sign of comfort that predicts it .
Either way , it ’s good to know .
I leave you with that question and move to a related one I discovered on my own .
Years ago I discovered that I could put myself in any mood by my choice of footwear .
For example , no matter how tired I was , putting on tennis shoes immediately put me in the mood for working out .
Putting on my work shoes put me in a business frame of mind .
Going barefoot relaxed me .
And so on .
A year ago I was taking dance lessons to prepare for my wedding .
I wore tuxedo - quality shoes to the lessons because I wanted to match the look and feel of the wedding dance .
After a few months of lessons , putting on the shoes was enough to totally put me in the dancing mood .
The before and after feelings were quite distinct .
And so I have generalized these observations to what I call the Footwear Theory of Motivation .
It states that you can put anyone in the mood for anything by the right choice of footwear .
As silly as the Footwear Theory of Motivation sounds , it has plenty of scientific backing .
On some level , it ’s not much different from Pavlov ’s research on dogs .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ivan_Pavlov
If you always wear the same type of footwear in the same situations , your body learns to automatically adjust to that situation when the shoes go on ( or off ) .
It would be surprising if the Footwear Theory of Motivation did NOT work .
The only question is the size of the effect .
I think it ’s huge .
Image : Massachusetts General Hospital NMR Center
A new study has confirmed one long - standing hypothesis in neuroscience -- the idea that sensory - specific areas of your brain are reactivated when you remember a sight or sound .
That part of the finding was expected .
But what is surprising , the researchers say , is that only the highest - level areas involved in perception come back into play on reflection .
Their work appears in today 's issue of Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator Randy L. Buckner and colleagues Mark E. Wheeler and Steven E. Petersen of Washington University in St. Louis used functional MRI ( fMRI ) , which produces images ( such as the ones shown at the right ) that reveal blood flow changes in the brain , to test the reactivation hypothesis .
" We thought that fMRI , with its ability to see changes in brain activity on a moment - to - moment basis , would give us a prime opportunity to gain new insight into this fundamental question . "
They presented subjects with pictures of ordinary objects , such as a dog and a plane , as well as with sounds such as barking and engine roaring .
Then they put the participants in an MRI scanner and prompted them to remember the sights and sounds they experienced earlier using labels .
The results invariably showed reactiviation in either the visual or auditory cortex , depending on the memory .
" Perhaps we were seeing memory 's echo in the brain -- activity associated with the stored memory that momentarily bounces back to our awareness when we attempt to remember , " Buckner comments .
Of interest , the neural areas reactivated during memory represent only a subset of those regions at work during an original experience .
" While we need to do more work to understand this discovery , " Buckner notes , " it suggests that during remembering , the brain areas reactivated do not include those involved with the earliest levels of perception , but rather selectively rely on high - level brain areas that already contain rather complex representations of sensory information . "
Figuring out these representations in the future , he adds , may lead to ways of helping patients with memory impairments .
What is MySQL ?
A Visual Definition
Posted by asp.net videos on Wednesday , July 4 , 2007 · 3 Comments
Premium ( Not Free ) Video Tutorials
Free Video Tutorials & Free Tools
By : Wade Harvey
MySQL ( pronounced " My Ess Que Ell " ) is an RDBMS ( relational database ) that is used in many web applications today .
MySQL was originally developed in 1994 by a Swedish consulting firm named TeX .
The principal developer was Michael Widenius .
He was seeking a database that could be fast , even at the expense of omitting many features that are included in other relational databases .
The name of the company is now called MySQL AB , and their website is www.mysql.com
The MySQL software consists of :
MySQL Server ( MySQLd ) – this is the component that does the work of executing commands against MySQL databases Administration Utility Programs Supporting Software Advantages of MySQL :
It is fast
It is inexpensive ( free in most cases )
Easy to use
Tech support is widely available – for example , see www.mysql.com
It can run on a wide variety of operating systems – Windows , Linux , Mac OS , most varieties of Unix( including AIX , DEC Unix , and Solaris ) , FreeBSD , Irix , OS / 2 and more .
It supports large databases ( up to a theoretical limit of 8 million terabytes ) .
It has it 's own security system for users and groups of users .
MySQL AB licenses the software in two ways : Open Source Software – MySQL is available thru the GNU General Public License ( GPL ) for no charge .
If you are using MySQL as a database for a website , it is okay even if you are making money on the web site .
Commercial License –
If a developer wants to create a product that uses MySQL and desires to sell that product rather than release it under GPL , the developer needs a commercial license .
You can learn more about MySQL by viewing the following introductory videos :
Meet the MySQL Database – ( 27 min ) – This talk was given at the Hampshire Linux User Group ( HantsLUG ) meeting on 1st April 2006 at Southampton University .
MySQL Basics -( 1 hr. ) – California Central Valley Developer and Database Professional Chad Godfirnon gives a demonstration on the basic usage of the popular open source Database application MySQL .
MySQL Server carries out the instructions that you write .
For example , if you say CREATE DATABASE , MySQL Server is what carries out those commands .
You can send instructions to MySQL Server in many ways , but PHP language is primary way used on most web sites .
You talk to the relational database thru Structured Query Language ( SQL ) .
MySQL server understands SQL , but PHP does not .
PHP is used to create a connection to MySQL server and to send the SQL statements to the server so that they can be executed .
Related posts :
Dev4Dev Announces Name Change to Brew City Software by : Butler , WI ( ContentDesk ) April 11 , 2006 — Dev4Dev , a ...
Related posts brought to you by Yet Another Related Posts Plugin .
Switzerland has not been in a war of any kind since 1815 .
It has not been in an official foreign war since 1515 .
This would be astounding , even miraculous , for any nation .
But Switzerland borders Germany .
And France .
And Italy .
And Austria .
And Liechtenstein .
Now the Prince of Liechtenstein has rarely lashed out in Blitzkrieg in a desperate bid to reign uber alles , but ALL of Switzerland 's other neighbors have devoted a lot of effort to invading other countries .
In addition to the encircling foreign marauders , Switzerland itself is composed of several different ethnic groups that get along as well as , e.g. , Germans and French .
But they have n't ethnically cleansed each other for two centuries , either .
You would think that peacekeeping performance of this kind would make Switzerland an object of study in every political science and civics course worldwide .
" WHY Did n't They Attack Switzerland ? " should be the title of many a textbook .
This is not the case .
Very few political scientists study Switzerland .
Switzerland is of no interest to politicians , because the features of the Swiss system that keep the peace are the same features that make Swiss politicians unimportant .
Do you know the name of the Swiss President now serving out his nonrenewable one - year term ?
No , you do not ( it 's Samuel Schmid , but you wo n't remember tomorrow ) .
His name does n't matter , and he does n't matter to the defense of Switzerland .
There is no central location of Swiss defense , no Pentagon or NORAD into which you can crash a 757 or a black - market Kazakh nuclear weapon .
The defense of Switzerland is the entire people of Switzerland itself .
The features of the Swiss system for keeping the peace are simple .
They mind their own business , and they have very strict gun control .
By which they mean that every Swiss male must have a gun , except for those who have to carry a mortar or missile launcher .
Females are not subject to universal military training , but if you go to a Swiss rifle range , there are always girls blasting away too .
After 9 - 11 , teh Swiss carried on as usual , somewhat different from the US response of panicked victim - disarmament .
( You are aware that 99 % of US pilots are STILL disarmed ? )
As a final defense , the Swiss have rigged the vaults of their banks for demolition .
Any dictator attacking Switzerland will find the gold in his numbered bank account buried in rubble hundreds of meters under a mountain .
It is known that Hitler had a numbered account .
Switzerland has also provided for defense of the lives of its civilian population against nuclear terrorism .
Realizing after World War
Two that nuclear weapons in the hands of power - mad idiots posed a public health threat , the Swiss started a nationwide shelter - building program in 1960 .
By 1991 , there was enough shelter space in Switzerland to protect everyone in their home or apartment , and also enough at their workplace and school .
A Swiss citizen is generally never more than a few minutes from a fallout shelter with an air filter .
The entire Swiss shelter program was accomplished for somewhere on the order of $ 35 ( 1990 dollars ) per year per capita .
The US spends vastly more every year to achieve a military only capable of intervening in Third World nations that do n't have WMDs .
The combined US armed forces are incapable of shooting down a single ballistic missile , or even intercepting low - flying propeller planes .
Nor are there bunkers with filtered air supplies for the inhabitants of our glass cities or crackerbox suburbs .
The only civil defense in the US is for the President and the bureaucrats under Iron Mountain .
Everyone else is nuclear fodder , except for those provident few ( such as the Mormons ) who build their own shelters to protect their families .
Switzerland does not send troops to intervene in other nations .
Switzerland does not spend tens of billions of dollars yearly to fund dictators around the world , nor did Switzerland donate hundreds of billions of dollars to the Warsaw Pact through bank " loans . "
Switzerland does not send billions of dollars worth of weaponry every year to the warring tribes in the Middle East .
Switzerland has no enemies .
Yet the Swiss are armed to the teeth and dug into every hill and under every building .
US policy is the evil - parallel - universe inverse of the Swiss .
The US intervenes everywhere , spies on everyone , supports every faction in every dispute .
We have as many enemies as there are disputatious people in the world .
Yet we spend more effort on disarming our own airline pilots and other law - abiding citizens than on providing shelters for our children against nuclear , chemical , or biological attack .
We have an expensive conventional army , and quite a few aging offensive nuclear weapons .
But no defense for our children .
But Who Would Attack Us ? We 're Such Nice Guys '
What groups might think to benefit from a WMD strike on the US ?
A partial list :
1 . The US kleptocracy , which has reaped such vast increases in power from terrorism and war .
' War is the health of the State , ' and terrorism drives citizen support for war .
2 . Angry relatives of the thousands of victims of ' Shock and Awe . '
3. Fundamentalist Muslim politicians .
4. Fundamentalist Israeli politicians .
5 . Every emerging power on Earth .
The more the US sinks into the Mideast quagmire , the more chance for new powers to rise to dominance .
6. Citizens of nations ruled by US - backed dictators and oligarchs , who are victims of our Aid To Dependent Dictators programs .
7. FOX News , always looking for higher ratings .
This would have been more concise if I had listed the groups that would NOT benefit from anonymous WMD attacks on the US , to wit , the world 's libertarians , capitalists , and peace lovers of all stripes .
Unfortunately , the ' non- aggression principle ' wo n't prevent anyone from being killed by terrorism and / or anti-terrorism .
So , we must all determine the best risk management strategies within our budgets .
The Likely Attacks
There are two basic categories of attacks .
One type is the Jerry Bruckheimer Movie attack , typified by 9 - 11 .
Spectacular attacks that kill only a few thousand people are great for raising the Homeland Security budget , but they do n't raise the individual 's risk level that much .
For most people , it would be more worthwhile to put some effort into avoiding heart disease and cancer than to try to avoid random , low - level terrorism .
However , it is prudent to avoid targets with high cinematic value , like the Statue of Liberty , the Golden Gate Bridge , Arnold Schwarzenegger , etc .
The second category of attack is the ' anonymous warfare ' strike , intended to seriously damage the US .
While it might be hard for a minor power to inflict crippling physical damage on the US , anonymous attacks can rely on a high ' Homeland Security Multiplier Effect . '
For every dollar of damage done by the 9 - 11 attack , post - attack ' security ' measures have done ten more .
And a nuclear attack would make the post - 9 - 11 hysteria look orderly and rational by comparison .
One anonymous strike could paralyze the US for decades .
Such an anonymous attack might be nuclear , using the leftover weapons from the Cold War that are available in various backwater marketplaces :
Or budget terrorism could be launched with poison gas , germs , or even conventional explosives planted in vulnerable areas such as dams , gasoline storage tanks , chemical transport trains , etc. etc. etc .
US : Strictly DIY Civil Defense
One might think that a Homeland Security budget of over $ 40 billion would provide a little bit of protection for US citizens .
Governments are never efficient , but some of them at least spend some tax money on its putative purpose .
Swiss , Israeli , and many other nations ' civil defense programs distribute gas masks , radiation meters , financial aid for constructing shelters , etc .
However , US Homeland security has provided us with : free advice from Tom Ridge .
According to Tom , all a US citizen needs for protection against WMD is some duct tape and enough food for three days .
Personally , I do n't think that this advice , even in full - page ads , was worth $ 40 billion .
In any case , American families will receive no help from Homeland Security 's new director , either .
US civil defense is strictly DIY .
Balancing Risk
A DIY civil defense program is limited by the fact that the majority of our discretionary income has already been allocated to other uses by federal , state , and local tax authorities .
Most of us can't afford to protect our families and ourselves properly , because that money is in Iraq and a hundred other foreign - aid regimes .
Still , most of us can do better than duct tape .
Contrary to media ' wisdom , ' one or even a thousand nuclear bombs wo n't kill everyone .
Nuclear fallout radiation intensity falls by a factor of a thousand over two weeks , so if you can hide in a well - stocked basement with a crude air filter for that long , you would probably survive . . .
IF you knew what you were doing and had made some preparations .
Germs and gas have their own limitations , and terrorists probably wo n't have the biggest and best of anything .
Of course the terrorists still have an advantage , because most Americans are n't even up to Tom Ridge 's suggested level of preparation .
There are several elements of civil defense :
Location Threat warning Protective gear Protective construction Networking
Location , Location , Location
The best location is : not in the US .
If your work can be done in Costa Rica , Switzerland , or some other nation that has n't attacked anyone for decades , you could move .
Unfortunately , most of us have sentimental or economic ties to US target zones .
Within the US : if you live downstream from one of those high dams in California , just stop reading this and get in the car .
What were you thinking anyway ?
Other places require trade - offs ; small towns are safer in most scenarios , but may not have lucrative jobs .
If you live in a smaller city , you 're likely to get some warning of fallout or disease outbreak .
The safest locations are rural , but not everyone can afford to live well in the country .
The general rule is to avoid large cities if you can , and especially Washington , DC and New York .
These cities are self - terrorizing anyway , between the draconian victim disarmament laws and the crime .
Threat Warning
9 -11 was our warning .
Homeland Security has given us hundreds of useless ' warnings ' since then , but it would be sheer coincidence if any of these actually preceded an attack .
The ' Emergency Broadcasting System ' is n't going to know about a terrorist nuclear attack until after they see it on CNN .
Warnings of biological threats may be subtler ; sudden outbreaks of ' flu - like ' symptoms in odd patterns might be signs of biowarfare . . . or they might be signs of flu , which might kill you anyway since the FDA seems to be protecting us very efficiently from flu vaccine .
Again , the best way to have warning is not to be in the immediate target area .
Protective Gear
Minimum : A small water and food stockpile ( if you do n't have to leave your house for a month , you 'll make it through plague or fallout a lot more easily ) .
A HEPA filter in the living room would make Tom Ridge 's ' seal up your bedroom with duct tape ' idea work much better . . . as long as the power stayed on .
Ideally , you should be able to seal up your house and use a hand - cranked blower to provide filtered air , but now we 're getting into the ' protective construction ' area .
Cheap insurance would include a gas mask in car , and potassium iodide pills to give some protection against fallout ( they also help against nuclear - power accidents , unlikely as those might be ) .
Antibiotics are potentially useful but more expensive and perishable .
A firearm ( and some practice in its use ) is a prudent investment for most people anyway , but is even more important in a scenario when you can't afford to be looted or carjacked .
A high - rate radiation meter does n't cost very much , and makes a great coffee - table decoration :
And yes , some duct tape is always a good thing ( those two weeks in the fallout shelter might get boring otherwise ) .
Protective Construction
Optimally , everyone desiring to opt out of the ill effects of war and terrorism could live in a concrete dome , such as those produced by the good folks of Italy , Texas .
100 psi blast waves just slide off a concrete dome ( especially if it 's partially buried ) , as do tornadoes , hurricanes , drive - by shootings , and blast waves from asteroid impacts .
Other forms of underground ( or hillside , like Bilbo Baggins ' ) construction can also be inherently attack - resistant .
Anyone who is living in a probable target city for economic reasons should at least consider hobbit - style construction instead of Styrofoam and 2 x 4s . . . of course local building codes often practically forbid underground construction .
If you have a basement , only relatively little work is needed to make it into an effective fallout shelter .
Terrorist bombs might well be more on the scale of 15 - kiloton Hiroshima - killers than the 25 - megaton Cold War monsters .
A 15 - kiloton bomb from an old tactical artillery shell or rocket warhead would have a lethal blast radius much smaller than even a small US city , but fallout could be lethal for 20 miles or more downwind .
The basement is usually easier to seal against chemicals and germs , too .
Just remember that Swiss basements have hand - cranked filtered air blowers ; if you succeed in sealing up a basement tight enough to keep out VX aerosols , you 're going to need an air supply .
Do n't forget to invite Tom Ridge along to crank it for you ; he 's not busy changing threat level colors anymore .
Networking
The whole subject of Civil Defense is about preparing for the failure of the normal system of economic specialization .
But the more normal social ties that we can preserve , the more effective protective measures can be and the quicker civil society can recover .
On a personal level , if all of your friends believe that ' the best thing to do in a nuclear attack is go outside and die quickly , ' then you should probably try to add a few acquaintances of a more practical bent .
The Swiss have avoided war for 200 years by being mentally and physically prepared for it .
Even if Switzerland were attacked by nuclear terrorists , their mental preparation ( and their courage , another essential commodity that Americans have failed to stockpile ) would save them from hysterically scrapping their Constitution and civil liberties .
We Americans have been at war throughout most of the same decades that Switzerland has been at peace .
Now that America has mutated from Republic to Empire , we are at perpetual war with every nation that wants to be independent of the whims of the POTUS .
At the very least , we must all recognize the fact , and be prepared for the shocks to come .
Civil society can recover from a lot of destruction ; it can't recover from cowardice and refusal to prepare for trouble until chaos is already upon us .
JavaScript , even more so than VB , has to be the Rodney Dangerfield of programming languages .
I 'm going to blow whatever credibility I might have by saying " I actually like programming in JavaScript . "
I 'm actually building a lot of the screens in StoryTeller with JavaScript running in a WebBrowser control because I think I can do dynamic layout much faster with JavaScript than a WinForms screen .
Besides , the point of a " side " project is to do stuff you do n't get to do at your day job .
Check out this link from AdamLogic .
Granted , I do n't see a bunch of people running out to write applications in JavaScript alone , but I think Metaprogramming is going to become more common in the near future .
I 'm intrigued by all the ways people are creating little lexical languages to make the code get closer to the actual problem domain .
Little ol ' JavaScript is actually decent for building little embedded languages and using Metaprogramming .
As a thought exercise last year , I played around with using RoR style declarative metaprogramming with JavaScript classes to see if I could build DHTML controls and widgets faster .
Take the example of a JavaScript control that has to create and control an internal hierarchy of DOM elements .
Here was my attempt to pull some of the grunt work of DOM manipulation up into a common superclass :
function act_as_compound ( target ) { target.appendNamedChild = function ( name , tag , props ) { var child = document.createElement(tag ) ; this.appendChild ( child ) ; // EDIT : removed the eval ( ) call this [ name ] = child ; if ( props != null ) { Object.extend ( child , props ) ; } return child ; } target. appendSpan = function ( name , props ) { return this .
appendNamedChild( name , ' SPAN ' , props ) ; } target.appendDiv = function ( name , props ) { return this .
appendNamedChild( name , ' DIV ' , props ) ; } target.appendButton = function ( name , props ) { var btn = this .
appendNamedChild( name , ' button ' , props ) ; return btn ; } return target ; }
As an example , here 's * part * of a Pager class I 'm using inside StoryTeller .
The Pager control is a DIV element with 4 child buttons and a SPAN element to show the current page .
The usage of " acts_as_compound " inside Pager looks like this :
function Pager ( pager , controller ) { if ( ! pager ) { pager = document.createElement ( ' div ' ) ; } // Metaprogramming constructs — add in the methods to support the // compound element act_as_compound ( pager ) ; controlled_by ( pager , controller ) ; var pageFunction = function ( ) { controller.goToPage(this.pageNumber ) ; } //
Use the methods on act_as_compound to add child elements to the parent div pager.appendButton (' firstButton ' , {innerHTML : '| <' , pageNumber : 1} ) ; pager.appendButton('previousButton ' , {innerHTML : '< <'} ) ; pager.appendSpan('pageSpan ' ) ; pager.appendButton('nextButton ' , {innerHTML : '>>'} ) ; pager.appendButton('lastButton ' , {innerHTML : '> |'} ) ; pager.buttons = [ pager.firstButton , pager.previousButton , pager.nextButton , pager.lastButton ] ; pager.buttons.each ( function ( button ) { button.controller = controller ; button.onclick = function ( ) { this.controller.goToPage(this.pageNumber ) ; } } ) ; return pager ; }
In particular , look at a single call to " appendButton . "
That method does a couple different things .
It creates a new button element , sets any of the properties ( {innerHTML : '| <' , pageNumber : 1} is effectively an anonymous object ala C# 3 defined in JSON ) , then use the eval ( ) method to set a new member on the Pager object to the new button like this : this .
firstButton = btn ;
Other methods in the Pager class contain code like " this.firstButton.enabled = true . "
If you 're interested , this JavaScript control is in the StoryTeller SVN repository in the folder : http://storyteller.tigris.org/svn/storyteller/trunk/src/StoryTeller.JavaScript/GreenJello.js.
All of the JavaScript in StoryTeller leverages the Prototype library .
And yes , this is definitely a case of Safety ( C# 2 ) versus Power ( JavaScript or any other dynamic typed language + Obj C & C# 3 to some degree ) .
P.S. If you puked as soon as you saw the word " JavaScript , " make sure to clean up ; )
Kucinich : Impeaching Cheney first step to restoring the rule of law David Edwards and Josh Catone
Published : Thursday July 12 , 2007 Print This Email This Enjoy this story ?
Get breaking politics headlines with RSS .
Speaking at the NAACP - sponsored candidates forum in Detroit today , presidential candidate Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) called for the impeachment of Vice President Dick Cheney .
In response to a question about how candidates would promote equal opportunity and integration among America 's school Kucinich took a jab at the US Supreme Court , saying that they 're working from an outdated constitution that is missing the 13th , 14th and 15th amendments , which abolished slavery , defined citizenship rights for former slaves , and granted suffrage to non-White citizens , respectively .
" But there is a 13th , 14th , and 15th amendment , " said Kucinich to growing applause .
" And we have to have equality of opportunity , and we have to make sure there 's equal protection of the law , and we have to make sure that 's enshrined in the way that we conduct our policy . "
Kucinich said that as president he would appoint judges who believed in the Constitution , and concluded to loud applause , " And , by the way , if we 're going stand for the Constitution and the rule of law , we can all start now by saying it 's time to impeach Dick Cheney . "
The following video is from CNN's Live Video , broadcast on July 12 .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Gore on Bush Propaganda
US Bombs Shiite Sadr City
It is no surprise that Al Gore is attacking Bush in his new book , of course .
Nor is it a surprise that Gore accuses Bush of ignoring all reasonable evidence in both making the decision to invade Iraq and in deciding to do nothing about global warming .
What is important about what Gore is saying is his focus on how the pollution of America ’s information environment by 1 ) corporate media consolidation ( all television news is brought to Americans by five private corporations , the CEOs of which all vote Republican ) and 2 ) government propaganda ( i.e. lies purveyed to Americans using the money and resources of Americans ) .
Polling shows that the percentage of Americans who view Iran as the number one threat to the United States has risen to 27 percent now .
I think it was only 20 percent in December 2006 .
First of all , how in the world can a developing country with about a fourth of the population of the US , about a $ 2000 per capita income ( in real terms , not local purchasing power ) , with no intercontinental ballistic missiles , with no weapons of mass destruction ( and no proof positive it is trying to get them ) , with a small army and a small military budget– how is such a country a “ threat ” to the United States of America ?
Iranian leaders do n’t like the US , and they talk dirty about the US , and they do attempt to thwart US interests .
The same is true of Venezuela under Chavez .
But Tehran is a minor player on the world stage , and trying to build it up to replace the Soviet Union is just the worst sort of fear - mongering , and it is being done on behalf of the US military industrial complex , which wants to do to Iran what it did to Iraq .
It is propaganda , and significant numbers of Americans ( a 7 percent increase would be like 21 million people ! ) are buying it .
Why have those poll numbers gone up ?
Because the Bush administration is trying to hang the Sunni Arab insurgency in Iraq on Iran ( and even trying to hang the Taliban resurgence in Afghanistan on Iran ) .
The message of administration and military spokesmen is that Iran is deliberately killing US troops and is a major source of insurgency in Iraq .
No convincing evidence has ever been presented for either allegation , nor is it reasonable to assume that Iran plays a significant role in funding hyper - Sunni , Shiite - killing death squads to deliberately destabilize its client governments in Baghdad ( al - Maliki ) and Kabul ( Karzai ) .
Yet the New York Times and even the Guardian put this b.s. on the front page , and of course it is all over CNN , Fox Cable News , MSNBC , etc .
Are US journalists trapped in the the dictates of the military - industrial complex by virtue of working for these mega corporations ?
We know that Roger Ailes at Fox Cable News orders his employees how to spin the day ’s news ( he is a former high Republican Party official ) .
Has any of the journalists counted up how many of the 127 US troops killed in Iraq in May was killed in Sunni Arab areas and how many in Shiite neighborhoods ?
Has any of them actually read the translated communiques on World News Connection of the Sunni Arab guerrillas and what they say about Iran and Shiites ?
Has any demanded air tight proof and non-anonymous sources before printing this garbage ?
No .
It is this sort of thing that Gore is alarmed about .
He is a man of enormous experience in public life , and he is saying that he sees a sea change for the worse in this regard .
I concur .
The NYT on the fallout of the bridge bombing between Kirkuk and Irbil on Saturday , and increasing Arab / Kurdish and Turkish / Kurdish tensions .
McClatchy reports civil war violence in Iraq on Saturday .
Police found 26 bodies in the streets of the capital , victims of sectarian death squads ( most of them in Sunni Arab neighborhoods ) .
2 bodies were delivered to Diyala morgue ( presumably in Baquba ) .
Another 2 were found in the city of Khalis in the same province .
Other major incidents :
‘ – 7 civilians were wounded when mortar shells hit Al Fadhil neighborhood [ Baghdad ] . . . –
A security source said that 5 civilians were killed in insurgencies in different towns of Diyala province yesterday afternoon .
–
An Iraqi army soldier was killed in a car bomb explosion targeted a check point south Udhim town north of Baquba on Friday evening .
. . –
A source in the 5th Iraqi army division said that an Iraqi army soldier was killed and 4 others wounded in an IED explosion targeted their patrol in Muqdadiyah town north of east Baquba city today afternoon .
. . – 6 civilians were injured when mortar shells hit Al Arasa neighborhood , one of the outskirts of Muqdadiyah town today afternoon .
. . – – 6 members of emergency brigade were injured when an IED exploded targeting their vehicle in Sari Kihya neighborhood downtown Kirkuk city on Friday evening , police said .
‘
The US was engaged in a bombing campaign against the civilian neighborhood of Habibiya in Sadr City ( Shiite East Baghdad ) on Saturday evening .
The strikes probably targeted Mahdi Army militiamen ; however , you ca n’t bomb civilian neighborhoods without killing civilians .
It could be a scene from Kafka or Brazil .
Imagine a government agency , in a bureaucratic foul - up , accidentally gives you a copy of a document marked " top secret . "
And it contains a log of some of your private phone calls .
You read it and ponder it and wonder what it all means .
Then , two months later , the FBI shows up at your door , demands the document back and orders you to forget you ever saw it .
By all accounts , that 's what happened to Washington D.C. attorney Wendell Belew in August 2004 .
And it happened at a time when no one outside a small group of high - ranking officials and workaday spooks knew the National Security Agency was listening in on Americans ' phone calls without warrants .
Belew did n't know what to make of the episode .
But now , thanks to that government gaffe , he and a colleague have the distinction of being the only Americans who can prove they were specifically eavesdropped upon by the NSA 's surveillance program .
The pair are seeking $ 1 million each in a closely watched lawsuit against the government , which experts say represents the greatest chance , among over 50 different lawsuits , of convincing a key judge to declare the program illegal .
Belew 's bout with the Terrorist Surveillance Program began in 2004 , when he was representing the U.S. branch office of the prominent Saudi Arabian charity Al - Haramain .
Formerly one of the largest charities in Saudi Arabia , Al - Haramain worked to spread a strict view of Islam through philanthropy , missionary work and support for mosques around the world .
Federal officials were investigating the Ashland , Oregon , branch of the group for alleged links to terrorism , and had already frozen the charity 's U.S. assets .
Belew was one of several lawyers trying to keep Al - Haramain off a U.S. Treasury Department watch list – an effort that sent much paperwork flying back and forth between the attorneys and the Treasury Department 's Washington D.C. headquarters across the street from the White House .
On Aug. 20 , 2004 , fellow Al - Haramain attorney Lynne Bernabei noticed one of the documents from Treasury was marked " top secret . "
Bernabei gave the document to attorneys and directors at Al - Haramain 's Saudi Arabia headquarters , and gave a copy to Belew .
The document was a log of phone conversations Belew and co-counsel Asim Ghafoor had held with a Saudi - based director for the charity named Soliman al - Buthi .
Al - Buthi was a Saudi government employee who volunteered as coordinator for Al - Haramain 's North American branches , including the Oregon branch .
In a telephone interview with Wired News , al - Buthi says he's now general manager for the environmental department of the city of Riyadh , working on an anti-bird flu project .
He denied having any links to terrorism , now or in 2004 .
" I feel that Islam is best spread by wisdom not by arms or violence , " al - Buthi says .
Despite al - Buthi's claims of innocence , al - Buthi and Al - Haramain 's American branch were added to the government 's public list of terrorists on Sept. 9 , 2004 , just weeks after the government turned over the call log to the charity 's attorneys .
It 's not clear when officials realized they 'd given a highly classified document to an organization they considered terrorist , but the FBI showed up at Belew 's office in October and demanded the call log back , advising the lawyer not to attempt to remember the document 's contents .
By then , Belew had given a copy of the document to Washington Post reporter David Ottaway , who had been writing about how the government investigated and listed individuals and groups suspected of funding terrorism .
Ottaway did not report on the classified call log , and when the FBI called , the Post dutifully handed over its copy .
That might have been the end of it .
But in December 2005
The New York Times revealed that the government had been spying on Americans ' overseas communications without warrants , and Al - Haramain 's lawyers realized why the FBI had been so adamant about getting the document back .
" I got up in the morning and read the story , and I thought , ' My god , we had a log of a wiretap and it may or may not have been the NSA and on further reflection it was NSA , " says Thomas Nelson , who represents Al - Haramain and Belew .
" So we decided to file a lawsuit . "
The lawyers retrieved one of the remaining copies of the document – presumably from Saudi Arabia – and used it to file a complaint in U.S. District Court in Oregon in February of last year .
They sought damages from the government of $ 1 million each for Belew and Ghafoor , and the unfreezing of Al - Haramain 's assets , because that action relied on the allegedly illegal spying .
The lawsuit is poised to blow a hole through a bizarre catch - 22 that has dogged other legal efforts to challenge the Bush administration 's warrantless surveillance .
Since the 2005 Times story , and subsequent acknowledgment of the surveillance by the Bush administration , some 50 - odd lawsuits have sprung up around the NSA program , taking on the government and various telecom companies who are allegedly cooperating in spying on their customers , including BellSouth , Verizon and Sprint .
Justice Department and phone company lawyers have asserted that the plaintiffs in those cases do n't have legal standing to sue , because they have no proof that they were direct victims of the eavesdropping .
At the same time , the government claims it does n't have to reveal if any individual was or was not wiretapped because the " state secrets privilege " permits it to withhold information that would endanger national security .
The tangible document makes Belew 's case uniquely positioned to cut through that thicket , says Shayana Kadidal , an attorney with the Center for Constitutional Rights , which represents individuals being held in Guantanamo Bay .
The center is also suing to stop the surveillance , but lacks Belew 's concrete evidence of monitoring – arguing instead that the possibility of being monitored hampers its legal work .
" The government 's line is that if you do n't have evidence of actual surveillance , you lose on standing , " says Kadidal .
" Out of all the cases , this is the only one with evidence of actual surveillance . "
That evidence also gives the courts enough to rule immediately on whether the president had the authority to spy on Belew and Ghafoor without a court order , said Jon Eisenberg , one of Belew 's lawyers .
" We know how many times he 's been surveilled , " Eisenberg told a judge last month .
" There is nothing left for this court to do except hear oral arguments on the legality of the program . "
The Justice Department is n't ready to concede that the two attorneys were swept into the NSA 's extrajudicial surveillance .
" The government has never confirmed or denied whether plaintiffs were surveilled , much less surveilled under the Terrorist Surveillance Program , " spokesman Dean Boyd wrote in an e-mail to Wired News .
But if the document is a harmless memo unrelated to NSA surveillance , it 's unexpectedly agitating government spooks .
Soon after the lawsuit was filed , the document was whisked out of the courthouse and into a Justice Department - controlled secure room known as a Secure Compartmented Information Facility in Portland , Oregon .
According to government filings , it remains classified top secret and contains " sensitive compartmented information " – meaning information that concerns or is derived from intelligence sources , methods or analytical processes , according to the defense and intelligence communities ' own definition .
Even the lawyers who filed the document with the court are no longer allowed to see it ; instead , they 've been permitted to file declarations , under seal , based on their memory of its contents .
Other aspects of the case also support the plaintiffs ' interpretation of the document .
Last year , U.S. District Judge Garr King in Portland examined the document and read classified briefs filed by the Justice Department .
Then he ordered the government to meet with the plaintiffs to discuss turning over more documents in discovery .
It 's not likely the court would have permitted the case to continue if the evidence did n't , in fact , indicate that the pair had been under surveillance .
And if the surveillance had been court ordered and lawful , King would have been obliged to dismiss the lawsuit .
Under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , or FISA , targets of counter - intelligence or counter - terrorism surveillance can only sue the government when no warrant has been issued .
Lawyers for Belew and Ghafoor seize on this point .
" If there was a FISA warrant , the whole case would have crumbled on the first day , " Nelson says .
" Its pretty obvious from the government 's conduct in the case , there was no warrant . "
Justice department lawyers have argued that , even if the pair of lawyers were monitored , judging the president 's authority to do so requires looking at the specific reasons why the duo were surveilled .
And those facts would be national secrets that would tip off terrorists , so no court can ever rule on the program .
" This is not to say there is no forum to air the weighty matters at issue , which remains a matter of considerable public interest and debate , but that the resolution of these issues must be left to the political branches of government , " Justice Department lawyers wrote in a brief on the case .
But the government has a new , and not necessarily friendly , judicial audience for its no-judges - allowed argument .
In August , a special court ordered Belew 's lawsuit to be consolidated into a single proceeding comprised of 54 other NSA - related lawsuits , before U.S. District Court Chief Judge Vaughn Walker in San Francisco .
Walker has presided over the year - old class - action lawsuit brought by the Electronic Frontier Foundation against AT&T for the phone company 's alleged cooperation with the NSA program .
The judge made waves in July when he issued a landmark ruling that allowed the AT&T case to proceed , despite the government 's claim that the suit must be thrown out because it involved national secrets .
Walker ruled that the state - secrets privilege did not apply to the entirety of the case , because the government had admitted the program existed .
( Walker recently rejected a motion filed by Wired News seeking the unsealing of evidence in the case . )
The government has appealed that state secrets decision to the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals , and asked the judge to put a stop to all 55 cases pending that appeal .
But Walker , a libertarian - leaning Republican , has kept the cases moving , noting that any decision from the appeals court is likely to wind through the court system up to the Supreme Court – a process that could take years .
Belew 's lawsuit , his lawyers submit , is a chance to short circuit that process entirely .
In a hearing in early February , Eisenberg told Walker that the classified document sets the Belew case apart from the other cases , because the judge has enough evidence to decide whether the warrantless surveillance was illegal , without waiting for the 9th Circuit to decide the state secrets issue .
" You need only read the statutes to decide , ' Does the president have the right to do this without a warrant ? ' "
Eisenberg said .
Walker is expected to rule in March on whether to stay the case or set a hearing date , and the document will likely be moved , under guard , from the Portland secure facility to San Francisco , where Walker can review it .
In the meantime , the NSA program is undergoing changes .
In a separate lawsuit last August , Michigan U.S. District Court Judge Anna Diggs Taylor found the NSA surveillance program unconstitutional and illegal – a decision that 's now under appeal in the 6th Circuit .
Facing that ruling and growing political pressure , in early January , Attorney General Alberto Gonzales essentially announced the end of the warrantless spying , saying the NSA program will continue , but would begin getting " innovative " court orders from the foreign intelligence court .
With the program now reformed , the Justice Department has asked for several of the lawsuits against the government to be dismissed as moot .
Al - Buthi is now a " specially designated global terrorist , " according to the Treasury Department , and he 's under indictment in the United States for failing to declare $ 150,000 in travelers checks raised to help Chechnyan refugees when he last flew out of the country .
He told Wired News that he had always declared money when entering the United States , but was n't aware he needed to do the same when leaving .
He says he 's been interrogated twice by Saudi officials and cleared of any wrongdoing .
This is like watching a ' B ' horror movie .
Just when you thought the Blob had been slain , it returns in the form of Dick Cheney , oozing through the sewer pipes , ratcheting up war with Iran again , Dick 's ultimate sexual fantasy .
Asia Times writer Kaveh Afrasiabi explains why declaring the Republican Guard , an intrinsic part of the Iranian State , a ' terrorist ' organization is dramatically escalating the prospects of all out war .
Pentagon announces 20 K troops will rotate into Iraq John Byrne and David Edwards
Published : Tuesday July 31 , 2007
Print This Email This Troops allow Pentagon to maintain surge levels Enjoy this story ?
Get politics headlines as they break .
The Pentagon announced Tuesday that it will rotate 20,000 into Iraq at the end of this year but denied the troops would extend President Bush 's troop " surge " through next spring , The Associated Press reported Tuesday .
CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr reported Tuesday that a " worst case scenario " would stretch military ranks as troops leave for their 15 - month rotations .
" They may have to reach down into the National Guard or Army reserve " to maintain the troop levels , Starr said .
Military commanders began to expect earlier this year that the surge would have to be extended into next year .
In an article that appeared in the Washington Post in May , Lt. Gen. Raymond T. Odierno , who manages day - to - day operations in Iraq , said the surge needed to last " through the beginning of next year , for sure . "
Odierno noted at the time that new regulations extending tours of duty to 15 months would allow for the surge to last through spring 2008 .
" These will be the replacement troops on a 15 month tour of duty , as the troops that are there finish up their tours of duty , " Starr said on CNN Tuesday .
" Reading between the lines , what is interesting here , is these troops will allow the Pentagon to maintain the status quo . "
Starr said troop shortages will hamper efforts to maintain the increased troop presence .
" Fifteen combat brigades [ will move ] into Iraq in 2008 , not the twenty combat brigades of the surge , " she said .
" It is well understood that they simply do n't have enough troops to maintain that surge much past the spring of 2008 . "
A Pentagon spokesman denied that the troops would be continuing the surge , citing that the new troops would be rotating in for only 15 brigades , not the current 20 brigades comprising the post - surge trooops .
However , the Pentagon did not say which units were being rotated out of Iraq .
The final troops of Bush 's 28,000 - troop surge arrive in Iraq in June .
The following video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast on July 31 .
Their clients :
The president is Doug Guetzloe .
Positions Held
1984 - Present President of Advantage Consultants , a public relations , governmental relations and marketing firm , Orlando .
1981 - 1984 Director , Florida Medical Association , East Central Florida Office , Winter Park .
Coordinated FMA legislative , lobbying and political action activities in a 15 county area .
1979 - 1981 Public Relations and Legislative Director , Florida Fruit & Vegetable Association , Orlando .
Coordinated statewide public relations , political and legislative activities for growers .
1996 - present Host , The Guetzloe Report , a syndicated radio talk show heard on Fox News Radio WAMT AM 1190 Talk radio - weekdays from 11:00 a.m.- Noon / ESPN 1080 Every Sunday 6 - 7 a.m .
Professional Experience
Florida Public Relations Association
Vice President & Board of Directors
International Association of Business Communicators
Vice President & Board of Directors
Central Florida Society of Association Executives
Treasurer , Secretary & Board of Directors
American Association of Political Consultants
Orlando Press Club
Central Florida Radio Talk Show Hosts
Political Experience
Ax the Tax , Founder and Chairman .
Since 1982 , Ax the Tax has successfully led thirteen ( 13 ) anti-tax efforts that have resulted in a savings to taxpayers of over $ 10.5 billion in taxes .
Republican nominee , Florida Senate ( 1986 ) – received 48 % of the vote against incumbent Democrat State Senator George Stuart .
Stuart never won another election .
Central Florida Young Republican Club , Founder and President .
The CFYR club was the largest YR club in Florida ( 4th largest in the nation ) within months of being established .
With over 600 active members , the CFYR club became a political force with Central Florida with many current elected Republican officials coming from its ranks .
The most notable CFYR alumni are former Florida House Speaker & Congressman Tom Feeney and Former House Speaker , State Sen. Dan Webster .
The Young Republican National Federation named CFYR the " Most Outstanding Club in the Nation , " two years after Guetzloe founded the organization .
Orange County Republican Executive Committee – elected 1980 , re-elected in 1984 , 1988 , 1992 , 1996 , 2000 , and 2004 .
Florida Federation of Young Republicans , Region III Chairman 1980 - 81 , FFYR National Committeeman , elected 1983 , re-elected 1984 .
FFYR Executive Committee member 1980 - 86 .
Florida College Republican Federation , Vice Chairman 1973 , Chairman , 1974 .
Legislative & Governmental Activities
Florida Senate Staff , 1976
Administrative Assistant , Curt Kiser , 1977
Legislative Intern , 1978
Florida Fruit & Vegetable Association , 1979 - 1981
Florida Medical Association , 1981 - 1983
Florida Veterinary Medical Association , 1984 - 1985
American Senior Citizen Alliance , 1993 – 1994
National Mortgage Investors Institute , 1993 – 1994
The Watson Group , 1995
Organized Fishermen of Florida , 1993 – 1994
Attorneys ’ Bar Association , 1994
Save Our State , 1996 – 1997
Ax the Tax Committee , 1996 – 1998
The Open University , 1995 , 1996 , 1997
Motorola , 1997 – 1998 , 2001 - Present
Cherry , Bekeart & Holland – 2001
The Gathering / USA – 2003 – 2005
Sheridan House , Inc – 2003 – 2005
Family First , Inc. – 2003 - 2004
Professional liability insurance is an investment that is financially - wise and is something that you should not go without if your practice a profession or business that provide services to people .
The truth is that legal proceedings as well as court lawsuits are very costly and they can ruin your finances , especially if you lose the case .
Should you get sued by an unsatisfied client , if you have professional liability insurance , you insurer will have your back covered .
AS THE embers of this month 's mid-term elections are raked over , a new conventional wisdom is emerging in Washington , DC .
The outcome was not just about Iraq , corruption and voters ' frustration with George Bush .
It also marked the return of a phenomenon that has long hovered offstage in American politics : economic populism .
Frustrated by stagnant wages and rising health costs and fearful that their jobs will be sent to China , anxious voters , particularly in the industrial heartland , sent a new brand of Democrat to Congress : one who may believe in God and guns but who is wary of big business and even more dubious about free trade .
The rise of these “ Lou Dobbs Democrats ” ( a reference to a globophobic blowhard on CNN ) could spell significant changes in American economic policy .
The new populists are certainly noisy .
In an article entitled “ Class Struggle ” in the Wall Street Journal , Jim Webb , the incoming Democratic senator from Virginia , recently railed against “ incestuous corporate boards ” and the “ hubris ” of America 's elites .
Congress has wobbled on trade even before the newcomers actually arrive in January .
A supposedly uncontroversial bill to approve permanent normal trading relations with Vietnam failed to gain enough votes for passage before Mr Bush 's trip to Hanoi last week .
And even the Democratic Party 's centrist presidential hopefuls are joining the fray .
Barack Obama , for instance , formally jumped on the Wal - Mart - bashing bandwagon last week ( see article ) .
So is America headed for a bout of protectionist class warfare ?
History might suggest not .
After all , recent politicians have often flirted with populist themes of the sort William Jennings Bryan ( pictured above ) once promoted , from Ross Perot 's rants against the “ giant sucking sound ” of jobs lost to Mexico in 1992 to John Kerry 's attacks on “ Benedict Arnold ” firms in 2004 , without much actually happening .
Yet this year seems different .
Not only are the new Democratic lawmakers distinctly more protectionist than the politicians they replaced , but their trade - scepticism was important to voters .
An analysis of voters in 50 competitive districts by Stanley Greenberg , a pollster , showed that Republicans ' support of trade was one of the main factors that put off swing voters .
Almost 70 % of voters want the government to “ protect jobs and ensure that trade is fair ” rather than promote free trade .
Go beyond the protectionism , however , and Americans are less convinced by populist politics .
In Mr Greenberg 's polls voters preferred limited government and low taxes over a government that creates conditions “ so that many can prosper , not just a few ” .
Douglas Schoen , another Democratic pollster , finds scant support for economic redistribution .
Even amongst poorer Americans , large majorities prefer policies that boost economic growth to those that redistribute wealth .
This combination of scepticism about trade without any great enthusiasm for class warfare is awkward for the party 's internal politics .
Left - wing Democrats have long bashed both trade and business , while the Clintonite centrists have embraced both .
The contours of Democratic populism will depend on how both factions now react .
The spotlight is on Congress , where the party 's left is likely to shout loudest , but achieve less .
Oil and drug companies will be hauled in front of congressional committees .
But laws will probably focus less on bashing businesses Democrats do n't like than boosting ones they do .
The talk may be about a windfall tax on oil companies , but the action will be on boosting subsidies for alternative fuels .
The focus on tax policy , too , will be more on helping the middle class than punishing the wealthy .
Though many Democrats want to roll back Mr Bush 's tax cuts for the rich , the party 's energy , at least initially , will be on fixing the alternative minimum tax .
On trade , the congressional leadership is less rabid than many of the new arrivals .
Charles Rangel , the top trade man in the House , supported the Vietnam deal .
He also wants to extend a package of expiring trade laws , including a textile provision that helps Haiti and other preferences for the poorest countries .
He may get those done .
But the new protectionists , and their union paymasters , will stymie much else .
Free - trade agreements with Colombia and Peru ( see article ) will go nowhere unless Mr Bush agrees to renegotiate their labour and environmental components .
In the short term America 's populist mood may bring little more than a stalemate on trade .
Look ahead , however , and the risks multiply .
For one thing , the economy is slowing .
The White House this week reduced its growth forecast for 2007 to 2.9 % , and that may prove optimistic .
The jostling for the Democratic presidential nomination could well coincide with sluggish growth , increasing the appeal both of business - bashing and protectionism .
There are plenty of ideas to counter this , mostly clustered around assuaging American workers ' financial insecurity .
Jacob Hacker , a political scientist at Yale University , argues that Americans ' incomes have grown more volatile ( see chart ) while the country 's social contract has frayed , particularly as firms retreat from providing pension and health benefits .
Virtually every centrist Democratic policy - wonk now brandishes ideas about how to rebuild America 's social contract as a prerequisite for shoring up support for globalisation .
One goal is more protection against sudden income loss , whether by revamping the system of unemployment benefits or introducing broader wage insurance — in effect a government subsidy for those who are forced into lower - paying jobs .
A second pillar focuses on making health insurance more portable as well expanding the number of people covered .
Democratic wonks differ in the ambition of their ideas , but they all think their party needs to offer an alternative to Mr Bush 's consumer - driven model of health care in 2008 .
Another set of proposals focuses on ways to encourage people to provide for their old age .
Around half of Americans in their late 50s have virtually no retirement savings .
Many of these centrist ideas have promise even if some , such as wage insurance , sound better in theory than in practice .
But this agenda , however ill formed , is clearly preferable to protectionism and Wal - Mart bashing .
The big uncertainty for the Democratic Party is whether the centrist platform can be built in time , and whether the presidential candidates have the sense to stand on it .
President Donald Trump ’s pathway back into the White House is widening , as allies of the president see after a long and brutal summer of the president climbing back into contention in enough battleground states to seal the deal and win a second term .
[ Update : tiny PE is now at 384 bytes .
The follow - up post and one of the techniques used to achieve this can be found here .
Update # 2 : tiny PE is now at 304 bytes :
http://blogs.securiteam.com/index.php/archives/690 ]
Or shall I dare saying the Tiniest ?
It all began a few days ago , a few friends challenged me to write a smaller PE executable than theirs .
Ground rules
It might sound fairly easy at first , but it ’s not , and there is merely one simple goal :
Grab a file from the Internet and execute it .
With the following rules :
1 ) Only Imports section is allowed for kernel32.dll to get LoadLibraryA and GetProcAddress .
2 ) All strings must not be viewable ( except rule 1 ) , so we xor … 🙂
After working dozens of hours I came up with something extremely crazy , 411 bytes .
Most of the debuggers will hate this file and it has anti-disassemblers effect .
I could n’t check it on many systems , just my WinXP and it works nicely .
Here ’s the hex :
Tricks used
If any of you have ever tried to do this before , the common mistake is that the minimum . exe file size you can get is 0x200 bytes .
Since the File Alignment has to be at least 0x200 .
The OS Loader gracfully ignores it , luckily 🙂
The code itself is really efficient , though it may still be possible to shave a few more bytes off .
In my opinion that extra work on it is not worth it under the 80/20 rule .
To achieve this , lots of tricks were needed .
To name a few , I used :
1 ) All ( well almost ) sizes fields of DataDirectory ( to place my code ) .
2 ) Unused fields in the Section structure ( to store a string ) .
3 ) Unused fields in the Import Module Descriptor ( to store another string ) .
4 ) The fact that the OS Loader will zero the caves ( from end of my code to segment alignment ) .
And many other things !
I even tried to change the size of the optional header , though one might say it was a pointless effort …
What I did
I went through three main stages while working on this :
First was to crunch the PE itself , proceed to write some code and then seriously mix these two methods .
I had to see how the OS Loader works , because before all this work , it did n’t want to load my file .
Thanks to WinDbg it was easier to do so .
The funny thing is that most of the file ( 35 % ) are zero bytes , the rest are the strings and then the code itself which is sparsely located all over the file .
The file can be found here :
http://ragestorm.net/tiny/tiny.exe
Hint : xor the file with 0xAA to see its resources .
Tools I used for this research : my very own diStorm64 , WinDbg , OllyDbg , IDA Pro , Yasm , RTA , Python , LordPE , PE Tools and as you can see Hexplorer .
It almost looks like I was in the middle of a war between all these tools 🙂
BTW – The file will download a stub ( showing a message box ) from my site and launch it .
An older very crazy code crunching challenge I did was this :
http://www.ragestorm.net/sample?id=54
Challenge
What do you think , how can we make it smaller ?
I am going to work on this some more later in the week .
My target is reaching less than 400 bytes , but maybe someone else will get there first ?
Lame tricks such as using a shorter URL or msiexec should not be used .
Enjoy ,
Gil Dabah
arkon@ragestorm.net
The light enters one cloud of atoms and is revived in another
The quantum sleight of hand exploits the properties of super - cooled matter known as a Bose - Einstein condensate .
The emerging pulse was slightly weaker than the high - speed beam that entered the experimental setup , but was identical in all other respects .
The work , published in the journal Nature , could one day lead to advances in computing and optical communication .
" Instead of light shining through optical fibres into boxes full of wires and semiconductor chips , intact data , messages , and images will be read directly from the light , " said Professor Lene Vestergaard Hau of Harvard University and one of the authors of the Nature paper .
Exotic freezer
The Harvard team rose to prominence in the late 1990s when it slowed light from its constant 299,792 km /s ( 186,282mps ) to a leisurely 61 km / h ( 38 mph ) .
It applied the brakes by shining light into a cloud of sodium atoms trapped in a vacuum and cooled to just above absolute zero ( - 273C ) , the theoretical state of zero heat .
The two atom clouds were separated and had never seen each other before
Lene Hau
At this temperature the atoms coalesce to form a Bose - Einstein condensate , an exotic quantum entity first predicted by Albert Einstein and created in the lab in 1995 .
A second laser tuned the tiny atomic cloud to slow the pulse of light .
In 2001 , working with a team from the Harvard Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics , the same group brought light to a halt , by slowly turning off the second control laser .
Switching the laser back on set the light free .
The new experiment builds on this work .
Light switch
Instead of just one cloud of sodium atoms , the new setup used two , a fraction of a millimetre apart .
" The two atom clouds were separated and had never seen each other before , " said Professor Hau .
The team had previously " frozen " a beam of light in a gas cloud
A pulse of light was shone on the first cloud , impressing a " cast " of the pulse into a clump of spinning sodium atoms , nudged in the direction of the second condensate .
This slowly moving clump was composed entirely of sodium atoms , effectively turning light into matter .
Once the " messenger " group had merged with the second cloud , a second laser was shone through the condensate to revive the original pulse of light .
From a standing start , the reconstructed beam sped back up to the normal speed of light .
Analysis showed that it possessed exactly the same shape and wavelength of the original beam , although it was slightly weaker .
Writing in an accompanying article in Nature , Professor Michael Fleischhauer of the University of Kaiserslautern in Germany described the experiment as " striking and intriguing . "
He said that science was entering a period of " unprecedented experimental control " of light and matter .
" That could bring very real technological benefits , " he wrote .
Applications could include optical storage devices and quantum computers , far quicker and more powerful than today 's PCs .
Midway 's Allison : 93 % of New IPs Fail , Reviews Don't Matter
" The truth is that there is no correlation between review scores and commercial success , " Allison wrote in a followup entry .
" If there were , ' great ' games Beyond Good & Evil , Ico , Okami , Psychonauts , Shadow of the Colossus , Freedom Fighters , Prey and Midway 's own Psi-Ops would all have been multi-million unit sellers .
The aforementioned games are all games that average review scores of nearly 90 percent out of 100 , some even higher .
The reality is none has sold more than 300,000 units at full price in the U.S. and a couple of these less than 250,000 units lifetime even with bargain pricing . "
Earlier this year , Capcom shut down Clover Studio -- the celebrated developer behind Okami ( PS2 ) , God Hand ( PS2 ) and the Viewtiful Joe series -- a move widely believed to stem from poor sales of the studio's new intellectual properties , such as Okami and God Hand .
To rectify the issue of overlooked games , Allison suggests that developers focus on broadening the appeal of their games beyond hardcore players , crafting an on - screen experience that causes casual gamers to respond " I 've got to get that " or " Bad ass ! " .
The executive also noted that timing is key , using the example of moviegoers overlooking an asteroid film if two others recently arrived in theaters before it .
" What happens all too often in the videogame business is that we get art house movies made at blockbuster budgets , " he stated .
" These games inevitably fail to find an audience large enough to support their costs , and nobody is happy . "
Wow .
Predictably , the torrent — and I do mean torrent — of iPhone commentary from the citizens of the Web is practically outflooding spam this week .
Most of it comes from people whose shirt fronts are practically drenched in drool .
Plenty is negative and bitter .
Another huge category is iPhone questions .
Never mind that many of these questions either ( a ) have been answered by Apple , either on its elaborate , interactive Web site or the free video of Steve Jobs ’s speech , or ( b ) come from people who fantasize about fitting the iPhone into their own particular wish lists .
( My favorite sarcastic comment , which was a response to these responses , which were in response to my last blog entry : “ Yeah , yeah , yeah , but can you use it underwater ?
And can you recharge it using solar power ?
And does it have an optical scanner that detects your eyeball movements so that you merely have to look at a name in your contacts list and blink in order to choose and call him ?
Apple , you have a long way to go … ” )
Anyway , here it is : the ultimate iPhone Frequently Asked Questions list , complete with answers .
ANSWERS TO ALL YOUR QUESTIONS :
Can it be used with anything but Cingular ?
– No .
Is it an “ unlocked ” phone , so I can use it with a carrier other than Cingular ?
– No .
Will there be a non-Cingular version ?
– Not within the first two years .
Can I put my T - Mobile SIM card in it instead of Cingular ?
– No .
But what if I keep asking ?
Then will it be available beyond Cingular ?
– No .
Can it run Mac OS X programs ?
– No .
Can I add new programs to it ?
– No .
Apple wants to control the look and feel and behavior of every aspect of the phone .
Does it run programs from Palm , Symbian , Windows ?
– No .
Does it connect to iChat ?
– No .
Does it have games ?
– No .
Is it ambidextrous ?
– No .
Does it have GPS ?
– No .
Voice recognition ?
Voice dialing ?
Voice memos ?
– No , although this could change by June when the phone ships .
Does it get onto the HSDPA ( 3G ) high - speed Internet network that Cingular has rolled out in a few cities ?
– No .
But Steve Jobs said a later version of the iPhone will — once there ’s enough HSDPA coverage in this country to justify it .
Does the Web browser support Flash or Java ?
– No .
Will it play music over Bluetooth ?
– Unknown .
Can you change the battery yourself ?
– No .
You ’ll have to send the phone in to Apple for battery replacement , just as with the iPods .
Can it open Word and Excel documents ?
– No . ( Steve Jobs says it can open PDF files , though . )
Can you use it one - handed ?
– Yes , for some functions .
But overall , it ’s less convenient than on a phone with physical keys .
Can I make a call while driving a car ?
– Not as easily as on a regular cellphone with programmed speed - dial keys .
( Besides–MUST you ? )
Does the camera record video ?
– Not yet .
Apple may add this feature by June .
Does it connect to standard iPod accessories like car docks and speaker systems ?
– Yes !
Does it work overseas ?
– Yes .
It ’s a quad - band GSM phone , meaning you can use it in almost any country ( for an added fee , of course ) .
Is there a Verizon version ?
–NO !!!!
Will they make a non-cellphone version–a widescreen touch iPod ?
– Nobody knows .
Apple does n’t leak product info until it ’s good and ready .
That scrolling through lists thing is glitzy , but what if I have 3,000 names in my address book ?
– There ’s also an alphabet “ index tab ” down the right side of the screen , so you can jump to another spot in the list .
Is there a calendar ?
– Yes .
Will it sync with Outlook ?
– No .
What about airplane use ?
– It has a airplane mode ( wireless off ) , just like any cellphone .
Wo n’t the screen get smudgy ?
– It does , but you do n’t see it except when the screen is off .
The one I played with was pretty streaky , but wiping it on my sleeve cleaned it completely .
Who on earth would buy this thing ?
– Obviously not people who ask this question .
But that ’s OK – there ’s no requirement that everyone buy the iPhone .
More for the rest of us ! :)
UPDATE : Do n’t miss the Ultimate iPhone FAQs , Part 2 !
Syndicated Journalist a Poster Child for Media Bias or Simply Mediocre ?
by Mikael Rudolph ImpeachforPeace.org
Much of the American media has apparently grown so accustomed to regurgitating ‘ creative ’
White House press releases that when handed a fact , they seem incapable of recognizing it for what it is .
‘ War is peace ?
Love is hate ?
Sure , we ’ll buy it and make a buck on the resale ! ’
A most recent example is how so many mainstream , corporate news hounds have yet to come to understand that the majority of American citizens want impeachment according to the last week ’s American Research Group Poll .
This national poll is the first done on the issue of impeachment since one done by CNN in August / September of 2006 ( Scroll down or search ‘ impeach ’ to find these poll results ) .
An essay by syndicated columnist Steve Chapman published today , entitled : ‘ Bogus Claims of Bigotry ’ , tosses out the grossly inaccurate statement “ Conyers has , after all , endorsed the impeachment of President Bush , which even most liberals reject ” .
Mr. Chapman wrote these words despite the fact that the American Research Group poll referenced above revealed that 76 % of Democrats support the impeachment of Cheney and 69 % favor Bush ’s impeachment .
Independents also are shown to favor Cheney ’s impeachment 51% - 29 % and support Bush ’s impeachment 50 % - 30 % .
Overall , Cheney ’s impeachment is strongly desired by a 54 % - 40 % ratio among all adults polled and Bush ’s impeachment is favored by a more narrow 46 % - 44 % of all voters polled .
Assuming Mr. Chapman actually is an unencumbered journalist , writing from his own understanding rather than being surreptitiously on the ‘ Armstrong Williams payroll ’ from the Bush Administration , then perhaps his readers should inform him that 76 % and 69 % do represent a majority and whether he is just bad at math or adroit at Orwellian doublespeak , the effect is the same .
He and far too many of his cohorts in the media are failing their audiences miserably in their responsibilities as members of the ‘ Fourth Estate ’ .
Mr. Chapman , the stakes are far too high .
We need you .
Please pay stricter attention to the facts and disconnect yourself from simply mainlining and passing on the ‘ company line ’ .
We would like to assume you are committed to and capable of rising above it .
Detroit council OKs controversial facial recognition software contract
The nearly $ 200,000 contract will fund software maintenance and support for facial recognition use
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - Share Alike 3.0 License
Civil Liberties Group Sues Former White House Staffer for Ejecting Taxpayers from Public Events
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : media@aclu.org
WASHINGTON - The American Civil Liberties Union today filed a federal lawsuit against a former high - level White House staffer for enacting a policy that unlawfully excluded individuals perceived to be critical of the administration from public events where President Bush was present .
The policy is laid out in an October 2002 " Presidential Advance Manual " obtained by the ACLU .
" The White House has gone too far in its attempt to make dissent invisible , " said Chris Hansen , a senior ACLU attorney who is lead counsel in this case .
" When taxpayers foot the bill for a public event , the president does not have the right to use a partisan litmus test to stack the audience with his political supporters . "
The ACLU filed today 's lawsuit after obtaining a heavily redacted version of the Presidential Advance Manual from the Justice Department .
This manual is the Bush administration 's guide for planning presidential events around the country , and it repeatedly instructs organizers about " the best method for preventing demonstrators , " " deterring potential protestors from attending events , " " designat[ing ] a protest area . . . preferably not in view of the event site or motorcade route , " and the like .
The ACLU said it is clear from the manual that the aim of the White House policy is to keep people who are critical of the president away from him and from the news media .
According to the manual , " if it is determined that the media will not see or hear " demonstrators , then event staff can ignore them .
The manual 's guidelines are designed for use at all presidential events , not just fundraisers or political rallies .
However , the ACLU noted that there are stricter constitutional guidelines for taxpayer - funded events than for privately - or politically - funded events .
" When the president attends a public event , the First Amendment does not allow him to speak or listen only to those who agree with him , " said Arthur Spitzer , Legal Director of the ACLU of the National Capital Area and co-counsel in the lawsuit .
" Public places cannot be ' cleansed ' of all dissent just to make the president look popular on television . "
The ACLU is suing Gregory Jenkins , former Director of the White House Office of Presidential Advance and a Deputy Assistant to President Bush , for setting the policy in the manual .
Jenkins ' policies have led to the removal and , in some cases , arrest of innocent people from taxpayer - funded events .
The lawsuit names as plaintiffs Jeff and Nicole Rank , who were arrested at a Fourth of July presidential appearance at the West Virginia State Capitol because they were wearing t- shirts critical of the president , and Alex Young and Leslie Weise , Denver residents who were thrown out of a town hall meeting with President Bush because they had an anti-war bumper sticker on their car .
The Ranks had tickets to attend the July 4 , 2004 event , but drew attention when they removed their outer garments to display t- shirts bearing the international " no " symbol ( a circle with a diagonal line across it ) superimposed over the word " Bush . "
Although other people in the audience were allowed to wear pro-Bush paraphernalia , White House event staff demanded that the Ranks remove or cover their t- shirts .
When the Ranks refused , the White House staffers instructed local police to arrest the couple , causing them to be removed from the Capitol grounds in handcuffs , jailed and charged with trespassing .
Ms. Rank was also temporarily suspended from her work with the Federal Emergency Management Agency .
City officials later apologized for their part in the arrest when they realized they 'd been used as political operatives by the White House .
Similarly , Weise and Young had tickets to attend the March 21 , 2005 Denver town hall on Social Security , but they were singled out after a staffer was informed that Weise had a bumper sticker on her car that read , " No More Blood for Oil . "
Weise was stopped upon entering the event and warned that she had been " ID'd , " but was allowed to enter .
However , shortly after reaching their seats , Weise and Young were forcibly removed from the event by a staffer who later admitted that he was acting under orders from White House officials .
" Freedom of speech is the cornerstone of the American way of life and public forums are the place where this matters most .
Peaceful expression , whatever the format , is vital to all of us .
We believe this case is important for protecting the rights of all Americans , " Weise and Young said in a joint statement .
Mr. Rank added , " The free exchange of ideas is essential to democracy , and when government suppresses one side of that exchange it puts democracy in peril . "
The ACLU lawsuit also cites other occasions throughout the country in which individuals were excluded from presidential events because of their political views .
For example , in LaCrosse , Wisconsin , ticket holders in line to hear the president speak had to unbutton their shirts before they could get inside .
One individual was wearing a t - shirt critical of the president , and was ejected by security officials .
In Fargo , North Dakota , several dozen individuals were placed on a " do not admit list " of those forbidden to attend a presidential event ; most of the individuals on the list belonged to a liberal organization , and some had written letters to the editor opposing the president 's policies .
And in Tucson , Arizona , a student was barred from a presidential forum on Social Security because he was wearing a Young Democrats t- shirt .
Today 's lawsuit was filed in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia .
The ACLU previously filed lawsuits in West Virginia and Colorado on behalf of the Ranks and Weise and Young , respectively .
Both cases are pending in federal district court .
Another ACLU lawsuit charging mistreatment of anti-Bush demonstrators at a presidential appearance is pending in federal district court in Oregon ( Moss v. United States Secret Service ) .
More information , including a copy of today 's complaint and the redacted Presidential Advance Manual , is online at : www.aclu.org/silenced
Jean -Bernard Levy , chairman of the management board and chief executive of Vivendi , speaks during a news conference to present the company 's 2006 full year results in Paris March 7 , 2007 .
Vivendi's Universal Music Group , the world 's largest music label , on Thursday said it will test the sale of songs from artists such as Amy Winehouse , 50 Cent and the Black Eyed Peas , without customary copy - protection technology .
REUTERS / Benoit Tessier
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Vivendi’s Universal Music Group , the world ’s largest music label , on Thursday said it will test the sale of songs from artists such as Amy Winehouse , 50 Cent and the Black Eyed Peas , without customary copy - protection technology .
The company said in a statement it will allow the sale of thousands of its albums and tracks available in MP3 - form without copy - protection software , known as digital rights management , over a trial period .
Universal ’s test - run marks a departure from the music industry ’s common practice , with most major recording studios insisting that music sellers use DRM technology to curb online piracy .
“ The experiment will run from August to January and analyze such factors as consumer demand , price sensitivity and piracy in regards to the availability of open MP3s , ” Universal said .
Vendors including Google , Wal - Mart , and Amazon.com Inc. , will participate in the DRM - free trial , Universal said .
But missing from the list of participants is Apple Inc. ’s iTunes online music store , the third largest music retailer in the United States .
Songs purchased through the program can be played on a range of MP3 players , including Apple ’s popular iPod , Universal said .
Gears Roadmap
Development Process
It 's been a little over a month since Gears launched .
In these few weeks , we received great input from the community and been impressed by all the creative uses people have found for Gears .
Now that Gears is public , we 're moving into a completely open development model .
The idea is to do all of our development and team collaboration in the open so that the community can keep updated on what we 're doing and easily make contributions .
There are a few updates that we'd like share so people know what 's we 're up to :
Our objective is to efficiently take Gears to a state where it covers the requirements necessary for significant applications using the API on a large scale .
This includes integrating the community 's feedback on the API and smoothing the rough edges necessary for non-techie consumers to use Gears .
To get an idea of what we 're focusing on , you can check out the Gears Roadmap .
Between now and mid-August we 're aiming to deliver on a Cross - Origin API and an Improved Workerpool .
Following that , by end of September , we 'll be enabling full text search in languages other than English ( specifically Japanese , Russian and Arabic ) .
At the same time , we 'll be localizing the UI ( initial languages will be French , Italian , German , Spanish , Chinese , Japanese , Korean and Brazilian Portuguese ) .
Our objective is for all Gears development to be conducted entirely in the open .
This is still a work in progress , but we'd like to make it as easy as possible for developers to cut their own builds as well as submit contributions to the project .
We made several relevant posts on the Gears Wiki over the last few days : 1) Build Instructions : 2) Contributing to Gears document outlines the basics of getting involved with Gears and can serve as an initial guide for contributors .
Gethosting is an Irish based company , offering various hosting solutions including web domains , web hosting , and web services .
Currently , company is providing solutions to individual , SME ’s , organization and businesses .
It delivers 99.7 % uptime guarantee , therefore customer ’s website is always up and running 24 / 7 .
Their servers are highly secure and monitored all the time .
Protection from virus and spam , privacy in emails and files are encrypted including 256 - bit security .
Gethosting provides hosting features such as unlimited domains and bandwidth , DDoS protection , cPanel , 45 - day money back guarantee , forwarding auto responder , 200 plus apps in one click , free email address and many more .
Gethosting.ie : Company Overview
Gethosting.ie , an Accredited Registrar of Ireland i.e. domain registry serving more than one lakh ninety thousand existing online SME`s , businesses , individuals , organizations .
It is an Irish based provider , gain specialization in offering web Hosting , web domains and web services in whole Ireland and supporting their business community .
Best Class
Hosting solutions are offered to clients to keep their online presence safe and secure .
More than 650 top class domains are offered so as to offer flexibility and choice both to customers .
Reliability & Performance / Uptime Report
Gethosting .ie delivers 99.7 percent uptime guarantee by which they are offering leading edge performance to customers .
Uptime Report clearly reveals the fact that website of customers is always up and running throughout the day .
Servers monitored all the time are highly secure .
High protection is offered from spam and virus , privacy is ensured in e-mails and files are encrypted with 256 bit security .
It ensures high reliability .
Hosting Plans
Shared Web Hosting offered by Gethosting .ie provides three plans , namely , Starter , Business and Enterprise .
Core Features offered in all the plans are Free Domain ( 1 Yr plan ) , Unlimited Bandwidth , Unlimited External Domains , Unlimited Alias Domains , cPanel , One click Installation of more than 200 free app , MySQL , 45 days Money - back guarantee , 99.7 % uptime guarantee , Free Email Addresses & monitoring of security and DDoS protection for 24* 7 .
DNS Mgt. , Apps Installer , phpMyAdmin , FTPS , Password Protected Directories , Site Statistics , File Manager , 24/7 Support .
It also offers more than 150 applications for free , Cron Jobs , WordPress , Magento , phpbb , Drupal , Language support like PHP 5.3 , PERL .
E - Mail Based features are Webmail , SMTP / IMAP / POP 3 Accounts , Forwarding , Auto - Responder , Protection from Virus & Spam with privacy in mail services and 256 - Bit Encryption security .
Features & Control Panel
Unlimited Bandwidth & Unlimited Domains
cPanel
45 days Money - back guarantee
SMTP / IMAP / POP 3 Accounts
Forwarding , Auto - Responder
More than 200 free apps one click install
DDoS Protection
Monitoring of security for 24*7
Free Email Addresses
99.7 % uptime guarantee
MySQL - Databases
phpMyAdmin
FTPS , Password Protected Directories
Site Statistics , File Manager
24/7 Support
WordPress , Drupal , Magento
PHP 5.3 , PERL
Support
Gethosting .ie offers user friendly customer support to their clients .
For a business to be successful , a good and satisfactory customer service is necessary to deliver max satisfaction to clients .
And this is ensured through company by offering this service through Phone and E - Mail to their clients .
Pros
Best Class Web hosting solutions
User friendly Customer Support
Innovative products & services
High Uptime guarantee
Money back guarantee in 45 days
Top notch performance & reliability
Cons
Less types of hosting services
Cancellation Policy / Refund Policy
A Refund policy is provided by Gethosting .ie in the situations when customer founds that services they are using are inappropriate or not meeting their expectations .
A client may ask for a refund of paid amount within first 45 days of service being issued and company may refund the same .
It clearly render satisfaction guarantee to clients as their money is in safe and secure hands .
Conclusion
Gethosting .ie is specialists in offering web hosting services , domain services all over Ireland .
It offers user friendly , safe and secure platform by which their services are offered to clients with good uptime , refund policy and exceptional customer support .
Pizza for the homeless
US : Condemned man ’s last request denied by state , realized by public
By Robert Milkowski
16 May 2007
Last Wednesday , at around 1:30 a.m.— after a flurry of last - minute appeals by his attorneys — prison authorities carried out the execution of Philip Workman by lethal injection .
Workman , 53 , was convicted of shooting and killing a Memphis , Tennessee police officer during an attempted robbery of a Wendy ’s restaurant in 1981 .
He was the third inmate to be executed by lethal injection in Tennessee since 1976 , when the state reinstated the death penalty .
In lieu of a last meal , Workman requested that a vegetarian pizza be given to any homeless person near the Riverbend Maximum Security Institution where he was incarcerated .
The prison authorities refused , stating that they did not give to charities .
After a local newspaper , the Tennessean , wrote about the condemned man ’s request being denied , a spontaneous movement erupted citywide .
Homeless shelters across Nashville were inundated with donated pizzas all Wednesday .
The pizzas were greatly appreciated .
“ I was like , wow , Jesus ! ” commented Marvin Champion , an employee of Nashville ’s Rescue Mission , which provides overnight shelter , food and assistance to more than 800 homeless people a night .
“ This really shows the people here that someone out there thought of them . ”
Area resident Donna Spangler heard about Workman ’s request and immediately called her friends .
They all pitched in for the $ 1,200 bill to buy 150 pizzas , which they sent to the Rescue Mission .
“ Philip Workman was trying to do a good deed and no one would help him , ” said the 55 - year - old , who recruited a co-worker to help her make the massive delivery Wednesday evening .
“ I just felt like I had to do something positive . ”
The president of the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals ordered 15 veggie pizzas and had them sent to the Rescue Mission Wednesday morning .
“ Workman ’s act was selfless , and kindness to all living beings is a virtue , ” said PETA President Ingrid Newkirk .
Not far away , 17 pizzas arrived at Nashville ’s Oasis Center , a shelter that helps about 260 teenagers in crisis .
By 9 p.m. , more pizzas had arrived , executive director Hal Cato reported .
“ We talked to the kids and they understand what this is tied to and they know that this man [ Workman ] wanted to do something to point out the problems of homelessness . ”
Cliff Tredway , the director of public relations for the Rescue Mission , said that it was more than pizzas that helped that shelter .
“ It ’s the story of a guy whose execution translated into a generous act , ” he said .
“ It ’s people donating to other people they do n’t know .
It ’s about a group of people who society often writes off getting a pizza party today . ”
Workman had been homeless himself when he attempted to rob the fast food restaurant while high on speed and marijuana .
After getting $ 1,200 from the cash register , unaware that an employee had tripped a silent alarm , Workman attempted a getaway , but police were already on the scene .
A confusing shootout ensued in which one officer , Lt. Ronald Oliver , was killed and another officer wounded .
Workman was beaten with a flashlight and ended up with 12 - gauge shotgun pellets in his buttocks .
His case was filled with controversy about whether he actually fired the shot that killed Lt. Oliver , 43 , or whether the officer was killed by “ friendly fire ” from other policemen who responded to the robbery call .
A Shelby County jury convicted Workman of first - degree murder .
But Workman ’s defense lawyers formed a weak and ineffectual team .
They led their client to believe his conviction was a forgone conclusion , and that his biggest concern was whether he would be found guilty of murder in the first degree .
The defense team accepted almost without question the police version of the story , conducted no forensic or ballistic analysis and did not investigate Harold Davis , the prosecution ’s sole eyewitness , who , as it turns out , did not witness the gun fight at all but lied in hopes of receiving favorable treatment from the police .
Ballistics experts on both sides have argued in the ensuing appeals over whether the bullet that struck the officer was fired from Workman ’s gun .
Workman ’s final and unsuccessful round of appeals through Tuesday focused on whether the lethal mix of drugs Tennessee uses in executions causes “ pain and suffering ” and — hidden from the view of witnesses because of the paralysis it induces — constitutes cruel and unusual punishment banned under constitutional law .
The chemicals are sodium thiopental , a rapid - onset barbiturate used in anesthesia , which reduces oxygen flow to the brain ; pancuronium bromide , a muscle paralytic used to suppress breathing ; and potassium chloride , which causes cardiac arrest .
In a recent CNN interview , Workman spoke in chilling terms of a new report he had just read on lethal injections , not from the point of view of an expert , but rather from the standpoint of a man condemned to die by that means .
“ It almost wants to make me choose the electric chair , ” he said .
“ This is a medical review of a lot of cases of people who have already been euthanized .
They ’re saying in this report that a lot of them have suffered , but was n’t able to speak .
Because what happens is that second concoction of poison — or whatever it is they shoot into you — paralyzes you .
You ca n’t move !
“ So if you ’re feeling pain or whatever it is you ’re feeling ... you ca n’t move to tell them — to say anything .
You ’re frozen .
They ’ve determined by this medical review that a lot of people suffered but they was n’t able to say anything . ”
Workman was referring to a recent report released by an online medical Journal , PLoS , which studied cases from North Carolina and California and concluded :
“ We were able to analyze only a limited number of executions .
However , our findings suggest that current lethal injection protocols may not reliably effect death through the mechanisms intended , indicating a failure of design and implementation .
If thiopental and potassium chloride fail to cause anesthesia and cardiac arrest , potentially aware inmates could die through pancuronium - induced asphyxiation .
Thus the conventional view of lethal injection leading to an invariably peaceful and painless death is questionable . ”
A call by the UN Human Rights Commission for an international moratorium on the practice of capital punishment in April 2001 went unheeded by Washington despite growing popular opposition to the practice stemming , at least in part , from revelations concerning the state killing of people who had been wrongly convicted .
Recent polls have indicated that 64 percent of the US population believes in executing those convicted in capital murder cases .
While still a clear majority , the figure represents a significant decrease from a high in 1994 of 80 percent in favor .
When the option of a life sentence without parole is added , support for the death penalty is far lower .
No doubt , the spontaneous response to Philip Workman ’s last request reflected in part this growing unease with the barbaric practice of capital punishment in America , as well as the impact that his selfless act — and its stark contrast to the cruelty of the state towards both the homeless and those on death row — had on the consciousness of many people .
Talk about getting people mad .
I wrote a blog on Caroline Weber who wrote her " satire " piece titled " I am totally psyched for this abortion ! "
This article is not for kids or the weak spirited .
First of all , who are we talking about ?
We are talking about a woman who supports the murder of over 3,000 babies / human beings every single day .
We are talking about a woman who supports the suctioning out of brains from human beings to collapse their skulls in order to remove their dead carcases from the women who have chosen to kill their children .
A woman who likely supports the killing of a fully developed 9 month old baby so that the poor mother does n't have to buy diapers , or live with the trauma of having to raise a child .
Needless to say , a few people wanted to let me know that I was a dolt for thinking that her article was real .
As a matter of fact , call me a dolt , because in the beginning I really did think it was real .
Why ?
because I meet women like her in the field all the time .
Anyway , I wrote the blog in a way that was meant to point out how psychotic the pro-abortion movement is .
I have been at abortion mills , picketed government buildings , parks and more .
I have heard a lot , and if you think that this woman just " sounded " nuts , let me tell you what a woman told me a couple of months ago .
A woman was watching us put up GAP ( genocidal awareness project ) signs .
She was lying on a blanket enjoying the summer day .
I went up to her after we got them up & asked her what she thought about them .
She said that they were horrible and that she knows what abortion is & that it can be horrible .
I thought she was on the pro-life side .
I was wrong .
She followed it up with the usual pro-abort midstream thinker statement " I disagree with it , but I would n't tell a woman what to do with her body " .
I did a double - take & continued the conversation .
" Why would n't you have the right to tell a woman that she can't kill her child ? " I asked .
Because it 's the way things go >
What do you mean ?
There are just things that happen the way they do >
What ?
There are many things that happen & we do n't have control over them , that 's just the way it is >
An abortion is just killing a child at an early age right ?
Right >
And that 's ok with you ?
Might be >
" Ok , let me pose this scenario to you , let 's say there 's a woman standing in front of you .
Her young daughter is yanking at her dress pulling on it saying " mama " over & over , let 's say she 's a real pest .
Ok >
Then , suddenly , her mother reaches down & strangles that child to death .
Is that okay with you ?
Might be --- About this time I have goose bumps & for one of those many moments in my life I 'm really scared of another human being .--->
I say , all right , how about this , a man comes up to you & rapes you viciously , cuts your throat & throws your lifeless body to the ground , only to walk away with a smile on his face ... would that be okay with you ?
Her - Maybe ... it would just be the way things go , so be it .
Let me tell you , this conversation lasted a while & I could n't believe the things she was saying .
She spoke with a perfectly straight face , was totally honest , & scared me out of my mind .
I believe that people who believe that the murder of children / human beings in the womb are the ones who have lost their minds & should be feared .
Mess Weber summed up her article with : " If my HMO would n’t have bowed to their pressure not to cover oral contraceptives , I never would ’ve gotten pregnant in the first place .
" Exactly , people like her blame their pregnancies and consequential abortions on the pro-life movement .
It 's all our fault that she would go to bed with a man who would be more than happy to get her pregnant .
Finally , let 's look at some words of wisdom from one of the angry people :
" You are slavers who want women as nothing more than broodmares .
Slavers are an evil pox on humanity and it's usually you religious freaks that do it in the name of GOD .
This was a satire you f___ing sanctimonious slavers !
If you are the best humanity has to offer , then we are all doomed !
" Now there 's a pro-abort meltdown for you .
Satire ?
Was the article aiming at the women who have the abortions or the people who believe it is better to save lives than kill them ?
Hmm , let 's look up the term satire : “ witty language used to convey insults or scorn ; " he used sarcasm to upset his opponent " ” Either way , I think I did a good job of turning the “ satire ” right back at them , do n’t you ?
United we stand - Divided they die - Pass it on
My customers often annoy me .
They often make me mad , and often I think they are idiots .
However , they seldom make me want to physically assault them .
Today , though , I came very close to hitting someone .
I work at a bookstore .
I was cashiering today when a woman and her two kids ( a boy and a girl , both somewhere between 13 - 15 ) came up to the register .
The mom was buying 2 celeb gossip magazines , and the boy put down a book .
The girl then walked up and set down the newest volume of the Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants series .
The mom says " You ca n't buy that . "
Girl : Why ?
Mom : Because it 's too big .
Girl : [ Brother ] is buying a book that big .
It 's not very expensive .
Mom : [ Brother ] is a boy .
You 're a girl .
And girls should n't read big books like that .
It 's too thick .
Boys do n't like girls who read thick books .
You want boys to like you , do n't you ?
The girl went and put the book away .
Reading it , this does n't sound like much .
And I suppose it - was n't - that big of a deal .
But I can't express the - tone - this woman used , nor the expression on her daughters face when she went to put the book away .
I had to actually walk away from the register , and into the back room to avoid saying something .
Still , little or not , it upset me a lot .
More than just about anything I 've experienced in customer service .
Edited to add :
Yes .
I should have said something .
I should have .
After the fact , I realize this .
I should have told the girl ... something .
Anything .
I should have run after her and bought her the book .
Hell , I should have given her my library card .
I was , frankly , too shocked and angry .
I could n't come up with anything =to= say .
I just could n't .
This is another reason it upset me so much .
I have a bloody degree in WOMEN'S STUDIES .
I should have been able to stand up for this girl .
Next time .
Because I know there 'll be a next time .
Text messages land teacher in hot water
MURRAY , Ky . ( AP ) 
A middle school teacher trying to buy pot was arrested after she sent text messages to state trooper instead of a dealer , police said .
Trooper Trevor Pervine was at dinner with his wife and parents celebrating a birthday when his phone started buzzing with messages about a marijuana purchase .
At first , Pervine thought the messages were from friends playing a joke , Kentucky State Police spokesman Barry Meadows said .
But a couple of phone calls put that idea to rest , and Pervine responded to set up a meeting , Meadows said .
Authorities say Ann Greenfield , 34 , arrived at the meeting point and found Pervine and other law enforcement officers waiting for her .
" She learned her lesson .
Program your dealers into your phone , " Meadows said .
Greenfield , a teacher at Murray Middle School , was charged with conspiracy to traffic in controlled substances within 1,000 feet of a school , possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia , Meadows said .
She was suspended with pay pending results of an investigation , the Murray Independent School District said in a statement posted Friday on the district 's website .
A message seeking comment left at a listing for an Ann Greenfield in Murray , Ky. was not returned .
Copyright 2007 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
There were two perfectly predictable schools of thought being expressed after the conviction of Jose Padilla on Thursday on terrorism - related charges .
Supporters of the Bush administration said the conviction justified the more than three years Mr. Padilla spent in military detention before his criminal prosecution , while the administration ’s opponents said the verdict proved that the criminal justice system should have handled the case in the first place .
But the real innovation in Mr. Padilla ’s case , some legal experts said yesterday , was more subtle than those dueling talking points suggested .
The Justice Department ’s strategy in the trial itself , using a seldom - tested conspiracy law and relatively thin evidence , cemented a new prosecutorial model in terrorism cases .
The central charge against Mr. Padilla was that he conspired to murder , maim and kidnap people in a foreign country .
The charge is a serious one , and it can carry a life sentence .
But prosecutors needed to prove very little by way of concrete conduct to obtain a conviction under the law .
“ There is no need to show any particular violent crime , ” said Robert M. Chesney , a law professor at Wake Forest University and the author of a recent law review article on conspiracy charges in terrorism prosecutions .
“ You do n’t have to specify the particular means used to carry out the crime . ”
How deeply disappointing that we could n't get enough of a majority on the committee to stand up for a basic right granted to us since the Magna Carte .
The Hill :
The new chairman of the House Armed Services Committee dealt a blow to the human - rights community by failing to include provisions to overhaul GOP legislation governing military tribunals in the 2008 defense authorization bill .[.. ]
Skelton said he has prepared separate legislation and is planning to work with Democratic leadership , the Judiciary Committee and members of the Armed Services panel to bring a stand - alone bill to the floor .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) is supporting Skelton 's efforts to move forward with a stand - alone bill , according to a Pelosi aide .
Concerns over a potential presidential veto of the defense authorization bill - which contains critical policies for the Pentagon - as well as a partisan split in the committee prompted Skelton to leave it to Democratic leadership to take up the issue .
Congress has passed a defense authorization bill every year for the last 47 years .
Site administrators use CAPTCHAs to prevent automated scripts from performing certain functions , such as creating an account , sending email to a distribution list , or participating in a discussion thread .
That 's fine , as far as it goes .
But , frankly , I 'd also like to see certain people on the Internet prevented from doing certain things .
You know , like : logging onto the Internet .
And so , a modest proposal : Internet Access Captchas , built right into browsers , designed to greatly reduce the overabundance of youtube commenters , Facebookers , and Twittererers .
Here is my prototype :
Please type the correct sequence of characters into the field below .
" not going to take it . "
Hello , and thank you for your interest in The Internet .
Please type the correct sequence of characters into the field below .
Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales discusses what it takes for effective groups to work , why speed is a big deal and more .
1 ) You need mechanisms in place for effective collaboration .
Certainly , people can post bad things onto a wiki , a message board , or a mailing list .
The real question is , What systems are in place to deal with this ?
The mechanisms of a wiki have proven highly effective and have to do with the ability of the community to revise the content or revert to a prior state , and the ability to block communication by people who are causing trouble .
2 ) Online identity is important .
But requiring people to use real names online seems to be a solution to a problem that does n’t exist .
When people decide to interact anonymously with no stable identity , then bad behavior is the usual result .
The safeguard mechanisms mentioned above can address such a situation .
Meanwhile , contributors who use a steady pseudonym can and do gain reputation capital in a way that establishes credibility just as a real name would offline .
3 ) A successful collaboration requires a shared vision .
A good example of this is a successful wiki called wowwiki.com , a wiki about the online computer game World of Warcraft .
There , participants work together successfully because they have a shared vision of the kind of work they are trying to complete : a comprehensive guide to all things World of Warcraft .
We see the same pattern over and over : A charitable goal like that of Wikipedia is not necessary .
Neutrality is not necessary .
But a shared vision is .
Related Link
New Tool Exposes Self - Edits in Wikipedia
4 ) Organizations are becoming flatter .
Flat hierarchies are incredibly powerful and , due to technologies like wikis that allow peer - to - peer communication without a lot of barriers , flat hierarchies are taking hold across the business world .
Maybe some people are hesitant , but there is an overwhelming adoption of collaborative technologies going on right now .
If old - fashioned CIOs are not seeing this , they should be replaced .
5 ) Speed is incredibly important .
A fast and flexible system will always beat a paranoid system that wants to get everything right before publication .
The wide public distribution of the posters provided here is encouraged , but reproduction is limited to noncommercial use .
Any commercial reproduction or redistribution is expressly prohibited .
James Lovelock :
Nuclear power is
the only green
solution
We have no time to experiment
with visionary energy sources ;
civilisation is in imminent danger .
Published in The Independent - 24 May 2004
Sir David King , the Government 's chief scientist , was far - sighted to say that global warming is a more serious threat than terrorism .
He may even have underestimated , because , since he spoke , new evidence of climate change suggests it could be even more serious , and the greatest danger that civilisation has faced so far .
Most of us are aware of some degree of warming ; winters are warmer and spring comes earlier .
But in the Arctic , warming is more than twice as great as here in Europe and in summertime , torrents of melt water now plunge from Greenland 's kilometre - high glaciers .
The complete dissolution of Greenland 's icy mountains will take time , but by then the sea will have risen seven metres , enough to make uninhabitable all of the low lying coastal cities of the world , including London , Venice , Calcutta , New York and Tokyo .
Even a two metre rise is enough to put most of southern Florida under water .
The floating ice of the Arctic Ocean is even more vulnerable to warming ; in 30 years , its white reflecting ice , the area of the US , may become dark sea that absorbs the warmth of summer sunlight , and further hastens the end of the Greenland ice .
The North Pole , goal of so many explorers , will then be no more than a point on the ocean surface .
Not only the Arctic is changing ; climatologists warn a four - degree rise in temperature is enough to eliminate the vast Amazon forests in a catastrophe for their people , their biodiversity , and for the world , which would lose one of its great natural air conditioners .
The scientists who form the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change reported in 2001 that global temperature would rise between two and six degrees Celsius by 2100 .
Their grim forecast was made perceptible by last summer 's excessive heat ; and according to Swiss meteorologists , the Europe - wide hot spell that killed over 20,000 was wholly different from any previous heat wave .
The odds against it being a mere deviation from the norm were 300,000 to one .
It was a warning of worse to come .
What makes global warming so serious and so urgent is that the great Earth system , Gaia , is trapped in a vicious circle of positive feedback .
Extra heat from any source , whether from greenhouse gases , the disappearance of Arctic ice or the Amazon forest , is amplified , and its effects are more than additive .
It is almost as if we had lit a fire to keep warm , and failed to notice , as we piled on fuel , that the fire was out of control and the furniture had ignited .
When that happens , little time is left to put out the fire before it consumes the house .
Global warming , like a fire , is accelerating and almost no time is left to act .
So what should we do ?
We can just continue to enjoy a warmer 21st century while it lasts , and make cosmetic attempts , such as the Kyoto Treaty , to hide the political embarrassment of global warming , and this is what I fear will happen in much of the world .
When , in the 18th century , only one billion people lived on Earth , their impact was small enough for it not to matter what energy source they used .
But with six billion , and growing , few options remain ; we can not continue drawing energy from fossil fuels and there is no chance that the renewables , wind , tide and water power can provide enough energy and in time .
If we had 50 years or more we might make these our main sources .
But we do not have 50 years ; the Earth is already so disabled by the insidious poison of greenhouse gases that even if we stop all fossil fuel burning immediately , the consequences of what we have already done will last for 1,000 years .
Every year that we continue burning carbon makes it worse for our descendants and for civilisation .
Worse still , if we burn crops grown for fuel this could hasten our decline .
Agriculture already uses too much of the land needed by the Earth to regulate its climate and chemistry .
A car consumes 10 to 30 times as much carbon as its driver ; imagine the extra farmland required to feed the appetite of cars .
By all means , let us use the small input from renewables sensibly , but only one immediately available source does not cause global warming and that is nuclear energy .
True , burning natural gas instead of coal or oil releases only half as much carbon dioxide , but unburnt gas is 25 times as potent a greenhouse agent as is carbon dioxide .
Even a small leakage would neutralise the advantage of gas .
The prospects are grim , and even if we act successfully in amelioration , there will still be hard times , as in war , that will stretch our grandchildren to the limit .
We are tough and it would take more than the climate catastrophe to eliminate all breeding pairs of humans ; what is at risk is civilisation .
As individual animals we are not so special , and in some ways are like a planetary disease , but through civilisation we redeem ourselves and become a precious asset for the Earth ; not least because through our eyes the Earth has seen herself in all her glory .
There is a chance we may be saved by an unexpected event such as a series of volcanic eruptions severe enough to block out sunlight and so cool the Earth .
But only losers would bet their lives on such poor odds .
Whatever doubts there are about future climates , there are no doubts that greenhouse gases and temperatures both are rising .
We have stayed in ignorance for many reasons ; important among them is the denial of climate change in the US where governments have failed to give their climate scientists the support they needed .
The Green lobbies , which should have given priority to global warming , seem more concerned about threats to people than with threats to the Earth , not noticing that we are part of the Earth and wholly dependent upon its well being .
It may take a disaster worse than last summer 's European deaths to wake us up .
Opposition to nuclear energy is based on irrational fear fed by Hollywood - style fiction , the Green lobbies and the media .
These fears are unjustified , and nuclear energy from its start in 1952 has proved to be the safest of all energy sources .
We must stop fretting over the minute statistical risks of cancer from chemicals or radiation .
Nearly one third of us will die of cancer anyway , mainly because we breathe air laden with that all pervasive carcinogen , oxygen .
If we fail to concentrate our minds on the real danger , which is global warming , we may die even sooner , as did more than 20,000 unfortunates from overheating in Europe last summer .
I find it sad and ironic that the UK , which leads the world in the quality of its Earth and climate scientists , rejects their warnings and advice , and prefers to listen to the Greens .
But I am a Green and I entreat my friends in the movement to drop their wrongheaded objection to nuclear energy .
Even if they were right about its dangers , and they are not , its worldwide use as our main source of energy would pose an insignificant threat compared with the dangers of intolerable and lethal heat waves and sea levels rising to drown every coastal city of the world .
We have no time to experiment with visionary energy sources ; civilisation is in imminent danger and has to use nuclear - the one safe , available , energy source - now or suffer the pain soon to be inflicted by our outraged planet .
James Lovelock is an independent scientist , the creator of the Gaia hypothesis which considers the Earth as a self - regulating organism , and a member of EFN - the association of Environmentalists For Nuclear Energy - www.ecolo.org
Source : The Independent - May 24th - 2004
More on Jim Lovelock : click here
A computer allows you to make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history - with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Blogger Paul Schmelzer has been busy raising questions about some of the nation ’s widely read periodicals when it comes to the selection of their cover stories — namely the difference between Time ‘s April 2 U.S. and International editions .
While the international cover features a story about Pakistani religious extremists filtering across the border of Afghanistan “ with the intention of imposing their strict interpretation of Islam on a population unable to fight back , ” the US edition of the publication features the story , “ The Case for Teaching the Bible . ” Schmelzer wonders why Time is n’t giving the U.S. the same edition that the rest of the world is seeing on newsstands .
The choice ca n’t only be about marketing and keeping newsstand sales up in the U.S. Something ’s a little fishy here .
This is n’t the first time that a major US news weekly has pulled this trick of presenting the news differently to US readers than it does to the rest of the world .
Last September , Newsweek gave international readers a cover story about the Taliban and US readers a cover featuring photographer Annie Leibovitz , in essence replacing with a hard - hitting news story of international importance with a much lighter celebrity piece .
In the case of both the Time and the Newsweek cover story cover-ups , the stories were related to coverage of the Taliban .
Is marketing getting in the way of the serious news in the U.S. ?
Or is the media afraid to tell Americans what they do n’t want to hear ?
Only Time can tell .
— Rose Miller
Jane Hawking , Stephen Hawking ’s ex-wife , has written a book about her life together with Stephen , which has recently appeared here in the US under the title Travelling to Infinity : My Life With Stephen .
At around 400 pages , it ’s an abridged version of the 600 page Music to Move the Stars : A Life With Stephen , which appeared in the UK back in 1999 .
A US production company , Film and Music Entertainment ( FAME ) , has acquired an option to make a movie of the book ( weirdly enough , the contract is on - line ) , but I do n’t know whether the movie is actually going to get made .
The Hawking ’s separation in 1990 and later divorce was widely covered in the media , and the book does n’t dwell on the depressing details .
Stephen went to live with one of his nurses , Elaine Mason ( who at the time was married ) , and later married her .
Jane later married Jonathan Jones , a musician she had met a decade earlier , partly through her church choir , and who developed a close relationship with her and the rest of the Hawking family during the 80s .
At the time of the UK edition of the book , there was little contact between Jane and Stephen , but it appears that Stephen is now in the process of getting divorced from Mason , and has re-entered Jane ’s life .
Up until the publication and huge success of A Brief History of Time , the Hawkings were not especially well - off , and dependent on others ( including the MacArthur Foundation ) for the high costs associated with Stephen ’s care .
After 1989 though , the book and other projects brought in huge sums of money , which made him a wealthy man and perhaps played some sort of role in the collapse of the marriage .
The Hawkings were married back in 1965 , at a time when Stephen ’s illness had already become apparent , and his prognosis for long - term survival was not good at all .
For the next 25 years , Jane spent most of her time in the back - breaking labor of caring for an invalid husband while raising three children .
While Stephen went from success to success , the center of attention due to his brilliant scientific work and triumph over his disability , Jane received little support , encouragement , or recognition for the sacrifices she was making , and one would have to be a saint to not develop some resentment for the situation and for the way it ended .
She tells the whole story in some detail , and it ’s in many ways a rather sad one .
Among the sources of conflict between them were : religion ( she was a believer , he a fervent atheist ) , his family ( described as definitely not nice to her ) , and his devotion to physics :
I sensed that there was yet another partner lurking in our already overcrowded marriage .
The fourth partner first appeared in the form of a trusted and quiescent friend , signalling the way to success and fulfilment for those who followed her .
In fact she proved to be a relentless rival , as exacting as any mistress , an inexorable Siren , luring her devotees into deep pools of obsession .
She was none other than Physics , cited by Einstein ’s first wife as the correspondent in divorce proceedings .
She describes how , during his work on black holes leading up to the discovery of Hawking radiation , Stephen would isolate himself :
For Stephen those periods of intense concentration may have been useful exercises in cultivating that silent , inner strength which would enable him to think in eleven dimensions .
Unable to tell whether it was oblivion or indifference to my need to talk that sealed him off so hermetically , I found those periods sheer torture , especially when , as sometimes happened , they were accompanied by long sessions of Wagnerian opera , particularly The Ring Cycle , played at full volume on the radio or the record player .
It was then , as I felt my own voice stifled and my own spontaneity suppressed inside me , that I grew to hate Wagner .
Jane also tells the story of Stephen ’s first public talk on black hole radiation , after which the chairman of the session , J.G. Taylor :
… sprang to his feet , blustering , “ Well , this is quite preposterous !
I have never heard anything like it .
I have no alternative but to bring this session to an immediate close ! ”
After this brusque cut - off of any questions , she describes how later she observed :
Still blustering and indignantly muttering to his students , J.G. Taylor stood behind me in the queue , unaware of my identity .
I was rehearsing a few cutting remarks in Stephen ’s defence when I heard him splutter , “ We must get that paper out straight away ! ”
After she reported this to Stephen , he sent his paper off immediately to Nature , where the referee turned out to be Taylor himself .
The article was first rejected , then finally accepted after a second referee was consulted .
It appeared in the March 1 1974 issue with the title Black Hole Explosions ?.
Taylor ’s paper ( with P.C.W. Davies as co-author ) arguing that Hawking was wrong appeared a few months later as Do Black Holes Really Explode ?.
After writing many papers on string theory during the late eighties , more recently Taylor has devoted his time to the study of neural nets and consciousness .
While Jane quite liked many of the relativist colleagues of Stephen ’s that she was meeting , especially if they were n’t in a group talking about physics , she was much less impressed by the particle theorists that Stephen started spending his time with after the mid-seventies as his work concentrated on quantum gravity and unification :
Nor , I have to confess , did the set of scientists with whom Stephen was now associating attract me in the least .
On the whole , particle physicists were a dry , obsessive bunch of boffins , little concerned with personal contact but very concerned with their own scientific reputations .
They were much more aggressively competitive than the relaxed , friendly relativists with whom we had associated in the past .
Despite Stephen ’s disability , the Hawkings did an immense amount of traveling , especially for professional purposes , and Jane describes her impressions of the places they went and people they met .
One of the few things she gets wrong is the name of Andrei Linde ’s wife , Renata Kallosh , who they met on a trip to Moscow .
Linde is now one of the most fervent proponents of the anthropic principle , which appears at one point in the book as Jane tells about early debates between Stephen and Brandon Carter during the late sixties and early seventies .
She describes it as philosophically close to the medieval Ptolemaic universe , trying to put man at the center of all things .
The book is mostly not a book about physics though , but very much about what it was like to struggle with caring for someone coping with a grave disability , a difficult and not always rewarding task even in this remarkable case of someone who has overcome obstacles and achieved about the highest pinnacle of success possible .
Doctor Dobbs J0urnal provides an excellent resource for those wishing to research and apply software patterns .
In particular Jonathan Erikson ’s Pattern Language blog Recently I noticed this post on Patterns for Parallelism about a a research paper on a Functional Parallelism Architectural Pattern for Parallel Programming .
The paper is instructive for several reasons .
One is that it clearly documents what I ’ve described as a macro pattern .
It solves a real - world problem which applies to a general computing domain , in this case parallel processing .
The paper also references a clear and distinct example , the Single Source Shortest Path searching algorithm also known as Dijkstra ’s algorithm .
The algorithm is suitable for parallelism because it is “ greedy ” for resources and it ’s also contains sub tasks which can be run concurrently to reduce running time .
The well known routing algorithm OSPF ( Open Shortest Path First ) is the most common implementation of this algorithm in computer science .
The discussed “ layer ” pattern enabling overlapping operations which are run for effect rather than value .
i.e.
They ’re effect can be calculated in such a way that it is not necessary to wait for the completion of an earlier layer .
What I really like about this example is that it achieves the following objectives of any good macro pattern .
It solves a distinct theoretical or abstract problem
It describes the solution both graphically and through pseudo - code .
It ’s not tied to the implementation specifics of any particular programming language .
It clearly explains the benefits and drawbacks regarding the application of the pattern .
It references supporting algorithmic research and design .
It outlines real - world problems that the problem can be applied to .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Posted in Architecture Patterns
Every once in a while our RSS reader shows us something so vile that our eyes burn in their sockets ... and then we just need to show you .
The Sava - O is an innocent whistle trapped in the plastic prison of a scary , devil - spawn baby .
When brave users blow into the device , the baby 's head pops up and its mouth opens , shrieking / cursing your enemies through the power of your lungs / the genetic modification of Satan 's DNA .
Advertisement
The only thing more frightening than the Sava - O may be the designers who created the whistle ... or their children after which it was modeled .
We 'll actually sleep better not knowing , and canceling all former plans to spawn offspring .
$ 6 [ Product Page via tfts ]
Unlike other case mods , this was inspired by an old coal furnace , complete with exhaust steam pipe .
View more images after the break .
Centralized Revision Control is Stupid
This has been bothering me for quite a while , so I need to make an official written statement .
This is a public service announcement : centralized revision control systems are stupid .
All of them .
It 's just irresponsible to use them in this modern day .
Distributed systems are just better in every conceivable way .
You can emulate central revision control systems with distributed systems , but you can't emulated distributed systems with central systems .
If you have n't used a distributed system , you 're probably thinking to yourself , This is ridiculous , why would I want a distributed system , there 's just one of me !
Do you have a laptop ?
Is your centralized server ever unreachable to you for any reason ?
Have you ever had anyone else wanting to work on a project with you ?
Have you ever wanted to make an experimental branch where you do n't know if the direction makes any sense at all ?
These are all areas where distributed systems shine .
I 'll go over my recent experience with revision control systems briefly :
SCM in Open Source Environments
This one should be obvious to anyone .
You are , by nature , working in a distributed fashion .
Maybe there 's only one of you , but if anyone actually uses your work , someone might be interested in suggesting a minor change .
here 's how it works with , for example , subversion :
Contributor :
Hey , I made a bit of a change to your app to add a feature I like , are you interested ?
Owner : Sure .
I 'm a little busy now , but send in the patch and I 'll try to get it in real soon .
[ time passes ]
Owner :
Hey , your patch does n't apply .
Can you update it ?
Contributor : Um , sure .
( Damnit , this stuff has moved around and I do n't quite remember what all I changed ... ) .
OK , I think I 've got it .
Here 's the new patch .
[ time passes ]
Owner : Oh ...hey , can you do that again ?
That 's roughly my experience with trying to track and make changes to a project that sits in a centralized revision control system .
Because I can't check in my changes , I have to record what I 'd done somewhere else , and try to determine meaning at some later point in time .
I do n't like having uncommitted changes sitting around , and the coordination all has to be done out of band with various manual means of merging .
When I 've come across projects whose code is in distributed revision control systems , it 's a lot more natural .
I can simply branch it ( do n't need permission from the owner ) , and maintain my own branch with all of my changes in it .
In the above scenario , all I need to do is update , merge , resolve conflicts with the context of what I 'd worked on ( although the tools will take care of more of them since they understand renames and stuff ) , and then send changesets back upstream in tact .
The difference is subtle enough that it 's probably not possible to understand without experience .
It 's sort of like programming without exceptions .
Many people who have never encountered exceptions are confused and annoyed by yet another way to signal failure , but once you actually use them , it becomes very annoying to try to program without them .
SCM in Corporate Environments
There are two ways that centralized revision control systems are painful in the workplace :
Having to be connected to do anything useful .
Trying to deal with outsourcing .
The last two companies I have worked at have used Perforce for revision control .
You can think of Perforce as a faster CVS with atomic commits and a loose notion of changesets .
Perforce is fast because it does n't scan the tree when you 're doing commits and similar operations .
It does n't scan the tree because you have to tell it everything you 're doing as you 're doing it .
It helps you with this by keeping your files read - only most of the time .
To work offline , you basically start changing file permissions and try to figure out everything you 've changed so you can commit it when you 're online again .
It sort of works , although it does n't work with tools like eclipse .
Why should a power outage / network outage / business trip / sick kid / etc ... make it more difficult for me to work on my local machine ?
Outsourcing is generally a similar example to the above , but with a new twist .
They may produce work I 'm not even interested in having .
I want to be able to examine their work before dumping it into my tree .
I 'd like to examine it before dumping it into my revision control system at all .
I 've had things like ISO images checked into perforce .
A distributed revision control system means each site / user / whatever has a local repository that 's very fast for normal use , but can still pull changes from HQ whenever they 're ready .
When HQ is ready to pull the changes back , they automatically know exactly what sources the new changes were built from , and can pull the changes that look good into a temporary location before moving them into an area where other developers in HQ will have to deal with them .
This kind of work is so easy , you do n't even really think about it .
Links
Do us all a favor and go grab a distributed revision control system and try it out .
Help make the world a better place .
by JAYA NARAIN
Last updated at 17:48 09 August 2007
A homeowner was arrested after a burglar plunged from the balcony of his top - floor flat and later died in hospital .
The intruder suffered head injuries and died in hospital after falling around 30ft on to a concrete path .
Patrick Walsh , 56 , awoke to find an intruder in his flat on Corkland Road in Chorlton - cum - Hardy , south Manchester .
Scroll down for more ...
Police say " following an exchange of words " the 43 - year - old suspect fell from the fourth floor window on to the pavement below .
He suffered massive injuries from the fall , at around 6.10 am on Monday .
The man was taken to Manchester Royal Infirmary with serious head injuries before being transferred to Hope Hospital , where he was pronounced dead at about 11 am today .
Police conducted a detailed forensic examination of the flat after the incident .
Walsh was arrested on suspicion of causing serious bodily harm and bailed until November pending further police inquirers .
His solicitor , Victor Wozny , said today : " My client is not at liberty to say anything because he is under police bail .
" However we appreciate that the public view might be that this is a man arrested in his own home defending his own property . "
A spokeswoman for Greater Manchester Police said , " Inquiries are ongoing to establish the circumstances surrounding this incident .
" A 56 - year - old man from Chorlton has been arrested on suspicion of section 18 assault and bailed , pending further inquiries . "
The pair argued and the confrontation moved towards the rear window of the flat .
It is believed the intruder then smashed the window and clambered out on to a narrow ledge and fell to the ground .
Mr Walsh phoned police and at around 6.30 am officers found the man on the ground outside the smart Victorian apartment block in Chorlton - cum - Hardy ,
He was taken to hospital with serious head injuries .
Officers arrested Mr Walsh on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm with intent and are trying to establish whether the intruder was forced out of the window .
The arrest is expected to fuel arguments about the rights of householders to defend themselves against burglars .
The issue has been high on the law and order agenda since farmer Tony Martin was jailed for shooting dead a burglar in 1999 .
Following the Martin affair the Crown Prosecution Service and the Association of Chief Police Officers said any householder can use reasonable force to
protect themselves or others , or to carry out an arrest or to prevent crime .
A neighbour said : " Police arrived in what seemed to be minutes and were there for the whole day .
" It 's shocking to find out what has happened but people should n't break into other people 's houses . "
Another resident said : " I presume we will have to respect the burglar 's rights while his victim has the nightmare of court hanging over his head .
It all seems so unfair . "
A spokesman for Greater Manchester Police said they had been called following reports that an intruder had fallen from a top - floor flat .
" Following an exchange of words , the alleged burglar was found unconscious on the pavement outside the flat .
" It is believed that he had fallen from the fourth - floor window . "
Mr Walsh has been released on bail until November .
If charged and convicted he could face a life sentence .
John Stossel Rides Again
There are n’t enough people like John Stossel on television : smart , curious , cantankerous , and very willing to shoot at sacred cows .
I say this not because Stossel hosted the recent hour - long 20 / 20 program on Freakonomics , but because I ’ve always admired his reporting and especially his attitude .
His recent 20 /20 special on education , “ Stupid in America , ” is a particularly good example .
A couple of years ago , he wrote a best - selling book , Give Me a Break : How I Exposed Hucksters , Cheats , and Scam Artists and Became the Scourge of the Liberal Media .
( Yes , he has his own FAIR page . )
Now he has followed up with Myths , Lies , and Downright Stupidity , which challenges conventional wisdom in a number of arenas , especially the media , medicine , parenting , and gender .
The book is already a New York Times best - seller ; here ’s more information on Stossel and the new book .
I am guessing that most people who hang on out Freakonomics.com would agree that Stossel has a lot to say that is worth hearing .
Not as idyllic as the image may suggest : German courts are starting to deal with increasing numbers of wind farm related cases .
Foto : DPA
There is the yelp , an electronic yodel that grabs attention at intersections or kicks off chases .
There is the wail , more traditional ; it sounds like the windup police sirens of yore .
There is the “ hi-lo , ” dubbed the “ European ” siren by some , because it evokes the police chases seen — and heard — in French and Italian films .
The air - horn siren works well , officers say , for clearing intersections of pedestrians and getting the attention of speeding drivers .
And the fast , or priority , siren sounds like an asteroid blaster from an old video game , and feels like a jackhammer assault on the ears .
That is the menu of sirens available to New York City police officers , each one making a specific impression , each at an officer ’s fingertips .
The sirens allow officers to choose sounds with a personal touch , like the conductors of a screeching , sound - bending orchestra .
And there is something new .
Christened with a tantalizing name , the Rumbler , it sends out low , bone - rattling vibrations , so it is not only heard , but also felt .
One has been tested on the streets of New York , but the jury is out on whether it is effective , offensive or terrifying .
LOLCats have swept the nation .
So much so , they 're sort of over .
But the LOL has never infiltrated the high echelons of fashion — which is why , in the spirit of I Can Has Cheezburger , we present : LOLVogue .
After the jump :
We 're in ur magazeen , puttin werds on ur mo-duls .
Advertisement
Home >
News >
Nation Ex-GOP candidates turn attacks back on national panel WASHINGTON --
One advertisement accused the rival candidate of billing taxpayers for a call to a phone - sex line .
One alleged that a candidate " fixed " his daughter 's speeding tickets .
Still others stated that a candidate endorsed a " coffee talk with the Taliban , " and that another was supported by the Communist Party .
Each charge was misleading at best , demonstrably false at worst .
Yet the National Republican Congressional Committee paid for each of those ads last year , and its leaders said they could do nothing to pull them , even after some of the Republicans whom the ads were designed to help demanded that they come down .
Now , four months after Republicans lost control of Congress , many of their former candidates are calling for major changes at the NRCC .
They depict the committee as a rogue attack - ad shop that shielded party leaders from having to account for the claims in their ads -- encouraging over - the - top accusations that often hurt GOP candidates .
" They were n't just attacking my opponent -- they were , bit by bit , destroying a reputation that I had spent years and years building , " said Ray Meier , a Republican candidate in upstate New York whose Democratic opponent was wrongly accused of making adult fantasy calls .
The NRCC funneled more than $ 83 million through a special " independent expenditure " arm that made all decisions regarding ads .
The creation of the independent entity meant that when candidates such as Meier called NRCC headquarters to complain about the ads , committee officials said they could n't discuss them , much less yank them from the air , without violating campaign - finance law .
The law places strict limits on how much help national parties can offer candidates ; in 2006 , they were limited to about $ 80,000 in direct support of each House candidate .
But court rulings have established the right of independent groups to spend unlimited sums .
Thus , national parties have been funneling their giant war chests into independent committees -- putting vast resources behind ads of a type that used to exist only on the political fringes .
The 1988 " Willie Horton " ad aimed at Democratic presidential candidate Michael Dukakis , for instance , was run by an independent group that had no ties to the Bush - Quayle campaign .
Likewise , the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth attacked Democrat John F. Kerry in 2004 , but was independent of President Bush 's campaign .
But now , taking advantage of the latest loophole in the campaign - finance system , the national parties have started putting most of their advertising money into independent groups of their own creation .
In 2006 , spending by the Democratic and Republican parties ' independent expenditure arms jumped 65 percent from 2004 , to $ 202.4 million , according to Federal Election Commission data .
The parties have essentially created their own version of the Swift Boat Veterans -- entities that operate outside the normal political apparatus , said Fred Wertheimer , president of the government watchdog group Democracy 21 .
" There 's no accountability , " he said .
" When you have unaccountability on this stuff , people start overreaching .
And this idea of creating a Chinese wall within the party , where the people who are doing the ads are kept separate from the people who are doing the expenditures , is a fiction . "
Though both parties spent heavily on negative ads through their independent expenditure arms , the NRCC was by far the biggest spender last year , spreading around $ 20 million more than its Democratic counterpart .
And watchdog groups have tagged the Republicans -- and the NRCC in particular -- as the worst offenders in stretching the truth .
Annenberg Political Fact Check , a nonpartisan group that studies campaign advertisements , called the NRCC's ads " the very definition of political mudslinging . "
" The National Republican [ Congressional ]
Committee 's work stands out this year for the sheer volume of assaults on the personal character of Democratic House challengers , " stated the Fact Check report , which also cited one Democratic ad as based on " flimsy evidence at best . "
Representative Christopher Shays , a Connecticut Republican who is among the 2006 candidates who feel the NRCC 's actions hurt his campaign , said he plans to file a bill that would allow candidates in both parties to prohibit the national parties from advertising on their behalf .
" I would have been better off if they did n't spend one penny on my race , " said Shays .
" The least we should do is give a candidate the ability to say no .
" The NRCC 's chairman during the 2006 elections , Representative Thomas M. Reynolds of New York , defended the ads , saying they were well - documented and generally effective .
He conceded that his independent expenditure arm " took a lot of liberties , " but said Democratic committees also stretched the truth .
NRCC ads saved 10 to 20 Republican - held seats , Reynolds said .
" Everybody has an opinion , and hindsight after an election is about 20 - 20 , " he said .
Last year , Reynolds put a veteran NRCC operative , Carl Forti , in charge of the party 's independent committee .
Reynolds said that , in keeping with the law , Forti made all advertising decisions and had no contact with his bosses at the NRCC while working on independent ads .
Forti , who now works as political director of the presidential campaign of former governor Mitt Romney , declined to comment , citing the NRCC 's policy of not discussing independent expenditure operations publicly .
The independent expenditure operation spent $ 77 million attacking Democratic House candidates , while spending $ 6.6 million in positive ads boosting Republicans , according to FEC disclosures .
Among the attack ads was the television spot in Meier 's race against Michael Arcuri , a former county district attorney .
Arcuri's hotel bill from a business trip included a one - minute call to an adult talk service , which cost taxpayers $ 1.25 .
Immediately thereafter , another call was placed to a number that was identical except for the area code : the number for the state Department of Criminal Justice Services .
It was clearly a wrong number , but the NRCC stood by the ad .
Arcuri won the race .
Similar alleged misstatements reverberated in races across the country .
In North Carolina , an NRCC ad said that Democrat Heath Shuler was " caught again not paying his taxes on time . "
But Shuler had sold his majority stake in the business referenced in the ad in 2003 .
Shuler won his race , defeating an incumbent Republican .
In Indiana , Democrat Brad Ellsworth was accused of " fixing " his daughter 's speeding tickets while serving as a county sheriff , though Annenberg Political Fact Check found the ticket was paid in full .
Ellsworth also unseated an incumbent Republican .
In Iowa , an NRCC ad suggested that Democrat Bruce Braley was backed by the Communist Party , citing the fact that a party newspaper labeled Braley a " peace candidate . "
Republican candidate Mike Whalen said he immediately called friends in Washington to pressure the NRCC to take the ad down , but was told that nothing could be done because it was a product of the independent expenditure arm .
" I went ballistic , desperately trying to send the message through back channels , " Whalen said .
" They did n't care .
They said , ' We do n't have any control over it .' . . .
That ad in particular I think sullied my reputation , and I will always resent that ad . "
Braley beat Whalen by 12 percentage points in a district that had long been a GOP stronghold .
Voters in Connecticut received an NRCC mailing that accused Democrat Diane Farrell of wanting to have a " coffee talk with the Taliban . "
The NRCC 's evidence : Farrell accepted a campaign contribution from a group that included a board member who had once suggested establishing talks with the Taliban .
Farrell 's Republican opponent -- Shays -- said he called allies at the White House and the Republican National Committee to press the NRCC to repudiate the mailing .
But NRCC officials , Shays said , prevented him from speaking directly with Reynolds .
Reynolds defended that move , saying the committee would have been violating the law if it permitted candidates to coordinate with the independent expenditure arm .
But some campaign - finance specialists dispute the claim that party committees could n't stop ads they were paying for .
While the law prevents party leaders from coordinating messages with their independent arms , they could have refused to pay for ads they disapproved of , said Paul S. Ryan , associate legal counsel at the Campaign Legal Center , a nonpartisan group .
" The party leadership can close the purse strings when and if they do n't like the ad coming out of their independent expenditure arm , " Ryan said .
Because the Supreme Court has affirmed parties ' rights to set up independent committees , party leaders say , they are likely to continue the practice .
Nonetheless , the NRCC's new leaders say they are listening to candidates ' complaints .
The new NRCC chairman , Representative Tom Cole of Oklahoma , appointed a task force to reevaluate the party 's independent expenditure strategy .
Acknowledging lapses in " political judgment " last year , Cole said he wants assurances that his committee 's ads will be factual as well as politically wise .
" When you get a lot of consultants in a hothouse , late in the campaign , and people really are n't responsible [ for the message ] because you 're not working for the candidate , it 's really easy to take a flier , " Cole said .
Until party leaders take more responsibility for their ads , they are likely to frustrate more candidates .
Meier , who gave up his state Senate seat to run for Congress , said he found it maddening to watch the campaign he waged on local issues make a sudden turn to the gutter .
" These scandalous and slanderous ads became the topic of conversation , " Meier said .
" Never having run for national office before , you know this is a mean business .
You have no idea how mean . "
Rick Klein can be reached at rklein@globe.com .
© Copyright 2007 Globe Newspaper Company .
GLOBE GRAPHIC : Growth in spending
Advertisement SEARCH THE ARCHIVES All Globe stories since 2003 are now FREE More search options Advertisement
Airlines tremble at prospect of $ 100 - a - barrel oil Beleaguered U.S. airlines seem to have slowly staggered to their feet since the terrorism and recession of earlier this decade .
But credit agency Standard & Poor 's has come up with a worrisome scenario that could knock them back down : $ 100 - a - barrel oil .
Last month , S&P issued a provocative report saying the steady rise in prices in the past three years and the fear of potential supply disruptions " has created an environment where a triple - digit oil price in the near term is not unimaginable . "
The world 's tight refining capacity , coupled with political unrest or violent storms , could cause the price , $ 71.14 at the market close on Friday , to climb to triple digits .
No one , not even S&P , has crawled out on a limb to predict that prices will go that high .
And prices have been moderating for more than a week .
Still , there are enough potential sources of disruption in the flow of oil and refined fuels that some on Wall Street and in corporate suites are contemplating what would happen to the domestic airline industry if the market price does reach $ 100 a barrel .
The speculation comes just as the industry is coming off its best quarter in six years : a collective $ 1.4 billion profit after setting aside one - time bankruptcy reorganization costs at Northwest and Delta .
What S&P sees at the $ 100 - a - barrel level is n't pretty : Northwest and Delta airlines could be forced to liquidate ; others could be pushed into Chapter 11 bankruptcy - court protection .
Discount giant Southwest would likely see its remarkable profit streak halted .
Industrywide , carriers would ground aircraft , cut service and lay off workers .
Travelers could count on fewer choices , more travel hassles and higher fares .
Philip Baggaley , S&P 's chief transportation analyst , says airlines would be in the " awful position of desperately needing to raise fares " to cover fuel costs just as " individuals and corporations would be cutting back on non-essentials , like travel . "
Though oil prices have fallen since hitting a record $ 78.40 on July 14 , they remain at historically high levels .
The price of jet fuel , which has averaged about $ 2.20 a gallon in the past month , is almost 21/2 times the 90 cents that airlines paid in 2000 .
If oil goes to $ 100 a barrel , airlines could expect to pay $ 3 for a gallon of jet fuel .
Analyst Ben Brockwell at energy tracker Oil Price Information Service calls the concern about $ 100 oil " hyperbole " driven by " pundits talking about some sort of worst - case scenario . "
Futures contracts — agreements made now for future delivery of oil — are costing buyers no more than $ 80 a barrel for any month through 2008 .
But a growing number of speculators find nothing far - fetched about $ 100 oil .
Some investors are buying oil futures options that pay off only if the price of crude reaches $ 100 or higher .
Adam Sieminski , energy analyst at Deutsche Bank in New York , issued a July 28 report ominously entitled " $ 100 Oil Has Lost Its Shock Value " in the futures options market .
Sieminski said that among a rising number of daring options investors , " $ 125 is the new target for bullish trades . "
Their high - risk options pay off only if crude 's market price gets that high .
They are placing bold , high - risk bets , Brockwell says .
" They 're gambling that the Iranian standoff with the United Nations wo n't be resolved , that the cease - fire between Israel and Hezbollah wo n't hold , that production from BP 's Prudhoe Bay ( Alaska ) fields will be completely shut down ( or ) that some other major world event will disrupt supply , " he says .
" I just do n't see that kind of price in the markets . "
Frightening thought
The very thought of $ 100 oil " makes me sick , " says John Heimlich , chief economist at the Air Transport Association , the airlines ' trade group .
He says oil prices that high could push one or two of his group 's big member airlines into bankruptcy , with the most endangered solvent carrier being Houston - based Continental .
And , he says , it likely would keep Delta and Northwest in Chapter 11 much longer than anticipated because it would be almost impossible in such market conditions to find investors to provide financing needed to emerge .
Both airlines currently expect to exit bankruptcy in 2007 .
Northwest officials declined to respond specifically to such suggestions .
But in recent financial reports and news releases , Northwest officials have raised the possibility that the company may not be able to absorb escalating fuel costs .
Betsy Talton , spokeswoman for Delta , says high fuel prices " do pose a risk to our plan " to emerge from bankruptcy in 2007 .
" For 2006 , we 've seen a nearly $ 600 million impact from higher fuel prices . "
Baggaley agrees that Continental is most at risk of entering bankruptcy protection if oil prices climb to three digits .
Despite outperforming most other big carriers by several measures in the past couple of years , Continental has the smallest cash cushion .
Continental spokesman David Messing declined to comment on that speculation .
Prolonged oil prices above $ 100 a barrel could even run the USA 's only perennially profitable carrier , Southwest , into the red on a full - year basis for the first time since 1972 .
The Dallas - based discounter 's recent quarterly profits have been mostly the result of gains from its industry - leading fuel - hedging program .
Southwest ( LUV ) has locked in fuel prices by contracting for future delivery at negotiated prices .
Though it continues to be the best - hedged U.S. carrier , those hedges are eroding as oil prices climb and futures investors seek a premium for locking in a price for the airline .
This year , Southwest has contracts guaranteeing that the price of 75 % of expected fuel purchases will be based on crude prices no higher than $ 36 a barrel .
Next year , that falls to 65 % at $ 41 a barrel .
Only 39 % of its 2009 fuel needs are hedged , and at prices up to $ 44 a barrel .
Southwest CEO Gary Kelly discounts the likelihood of $ 100 oil .
" We do n't think the fundamentals justify the current price , and certainly not something as high as $ 100 .
There 's a lot of fear included in the market price right now . "
Still , Kelly acknowledges that " world events could occur that could push the market price much higher . "
That 's why , he says , Southwest hedges in the first place .
Little wiggle room
In the past , global oil production capacity accommodated demand with plenty to spare .
But today , with production running almost flat out , the world consumes 98 % of the nearly 85 million barrels of crude produced each day .
If rebels blow a hole in a Nigerian pipeline , Iran stops shipping oil to make a political point , or a hurricane knocks out U.S. refineries , the lost production can't be replaced quickly or easily .
Larry Goldstein , president of PIRA Energy Group , a petroleum industry - funded think tank , says the prices of crude and refined products such as jet fuel react violently because of the lack of spare production capacity .
When an event disrupts or threatens to disrupt production anywhere in the world , spigots elsewhere can't be opened wider .
It " used to be that prices moved in response to supply disruptions by nickels and dimes , " Goldstein says .
" Today , without any cushions left , the price moves by dollars in response to disruptions and threats of disruptions . "
Still , some argue that oil is more likely to tumble below $ 40 a barrel in the next six months to a year than it is to rise to $ 100 .
Aaron Gellman , a professor at Northwestern University 's Transportation Center , says prices are likely to fall .
Oil - producing nations tend to raise production to keep prices low enough to discourage investment in alternative fuels , says Gellman .
Also , he says , " We 're finding new sources of oil all the time , and new technologies to re-exploit oil fields that have been let go . "
A major blow Any way you look at it , U.S. airlines would be overwhelmed by fuel prices approaching $ 3 a gallon , the jet fuel price that $ 100 oil would bring .
According to the ATA , a 33 % jump in crude prices , from $ 75 a barrel to $ 100 , would increase the industry 's fuel bill by $ 32.5 million a day .
If $ 100 oil were to persist for a month , it would cost the airlines an extra $ 975 million .
Over a year , the damage would total $ 11.7 billion .
That 's a staggering sum to an industry that collectively lost $ 42 billion in the five years ended in 2005 , and assumes carriers would continue operating current schedules .
For consumers , $ 100 oil likely would lead to higher fares in the long run .
But as Heimlich notes , " It 's one thing to raise fares ; it 's quite another for anyone to actually buy them . "
Fewer people would be willing to pay higher fares , because $ 100 oil would mean paying more to fill their cars , more for groceries delivered by truck , more for home energy — more for just about everything .
And that would create a kind of vicious cycle for the airlines : fare increases driving away business , thereby increasing pressure to raise fares again .
Undoubtedly , some people , particularly business people , would continue flying , says Dilip Ballal , director of the von Ohain Fuels and Combustion Center at the University of Dayton in Ohio .
But their numbers would be reduced , and their travel and buying patterns would change as they become more price - sensitive .
" People will still have to travel .
They will just have to get used to paying more and traveling less . "
That 's why Ballal and others are attempting to develop alternative fuels and new engine technologies .
They want to reduce both the cost of aviation and aviation 's draw on the world 's finite supply of oil .
Ballal and others are looking at ways to create synthetic jet fuels that can be used by themselves or in a mixture with conventional jet fuels .
A Pentagon - sponsored project to produce a synthetic fuel for the U.S. military 's aircraft is underway and eventually could lead to commercial use of such fuels .
But no one expects relief from the research soon .
The original site was designed by Mikko Hyppönen and deployed by Henrik Rydberg .
It was later upgraded extensively by Dan Balis .
The current layout was designed by S. Abbas Raza , building upon the earlier look , and coded by Dumky de Wilde .
If you value what we do , please help us to pay our editors very modest salaries for their time and cover our other costs by subscribing above .
The editors of 3 QD put in hundreds of hours of effort each month into finding the daily links and poem as well as putting out the Monday Magazine and doing all the behind - the - scenes work which goes into running the site .
If you would like to make a one time donation in any amount , please do so by clicking the " Pay Now " button below .
You may use any credit or debit card and do NOT need to join Paypal .
Monday , July 09 , 2007
Dispatches : How to Park a Car in Downtown New York City
Propositions :
1 ) If you 're only staying for an evening , a weekend or until early the next morning , it 'll be a piece of cake .
Simply arrive in town around 5:45 pm .
There are many " No Parking M - F 8 am - 6 pm " places all over New York .
Just park and you 're good for the night or the whole weekend .
For instance , Soho has a wealth of these spots open every night and all weekend on its north - south streets , Mercer , Greene , Wooster , etc .
Get there as they turn over .
The next morning , leave before eight and there you have it .
If you want to park for longer ...
2 ) Here 's where it gets a little complex .
You need to deal with one of the local practices that make New York New York : alternate side parking , the system in which you can't park on most residential streets for an hour and a half one or two times per week .
During this time the street cleaning vehicle makes its slow , rolling pass , spraying and brushing .
You 're supposed to move your car and come back when the time 's up , but that would be way too cavalier a way to treat one of your most prized possessions : your spot .
What actually happens is this : you get in your car and sit there for sixty to ninety minutes , moving into the middle of the street when the street cleaning truck comes by , and guarding against parking tickets by being in your vehicle ( you 're actively standing , not passively parked ) .
Some people sleep , some drink coffee , some read the paper , neighbors get out and shoot the breeze .
3 ) If you 're in an alternate - side spot the first thing to do in the morning is call 311 ( the NYC information hotline , a super - cool Bloomberg brainchild ) .
A recorded message will say : " Alternate side parking regulations are in effect today ... and tomorrow . "
This is crucial because you might be able do something else or sleep a lot longer if they are suspended for a holiday or something .
But more likely , they 're not .
So go find a spot .
4 ) A good working knowledge of the streets and what times the street cleaning occurs helps .
For instance : the alternate - side spaces on Rivington are a nicely timed 8 - 9:30 am street cleaning , beginning just as the 8 am - 6 pm 's expire .
They are also well policed by an old crew of regulars .
They keep things fairly orderly , and they will stand outside their cars and commiserate with you about a ticket received at 9:31 am the other week .
The far East Village has a lot of 11 - 12:30 pm spaces in case you 're stuck around that time .
Park Slope and Dumbo both have only once - a - week street cleaning spots , for some unknown reason ( all those yoga moms got organized and lobbied the city ? ) .
Just park and ride .
Over time , you develop a mental map associating blocks and times .
If such a map exists on the internet , please tell me about it !
5 ) It is good to have fallbacks in case your usual block is full .
I recommend driving over to Ninth Street Coffee ( on 9th and C ) to caffeinate and strategize .
Also , the two - hour meters on Chrystie or on LaGuardia can buy you needed time .
I have a secret spot near a police station where no one gives tickets because they assume the cars all belong to cops .
I almost want to tell you where it is .
But if you 're really stuck , here 's a tip : drive all the way east on Houston Street , and turn right as if you were getting on to the FDR .
On the right , you 'll see a bunch of street - cleaning spots , not often filled .
It 's a long walk back to civilization , but you 'll be parked .
6 ) Often , a well - meaning person takes it upon himself ( always it 's a man ) to direct traffic once the street - cleaning Zamboni comes by , after which there 's always a slightly mad slow - motion scramble to retake your spot before a nest - invading passing car does .
After that , it 's back to waiting .
I bring my laptop and occasionally type up something , or if there 's a wireless network available , Google myself or whatever .
It surprising how much work you can get done .
As a matter of fact , I 'm sitting in a vehicle right now , on the corner of Mott and Spring at 10:37 am on Monday .
7 ) Crime : basically , do n't drive a Honda .
They are the most often jacked , because their locks are about as Mickey Mouse as locks come ( just jam a screwdriver in and away you go ) , and because there are so many that chop shops prefer them .
Also , do n't leave anything , like laptops , in your trunk .
I 've never had a break - in , but my friend with a Honda had her laptop stolen out of her trunk .
Inferences :
1 ) It turns out that parking a car on the street in New York is n't that hard , but it requires an annoying time investment two mornings a week .
It also requires some perseverance and the ability to keep your head under pressure : after that cleaning vehicle goes by , there is a dash to get back in place , and the easily rattled can be outfought musical - chairs style .
It 's not exactly Hard Knock University , but it is a moment in which you need to assert yourself with some discernable form of gusto .
2 ) If you can share the burden with someone else , the price of having a car in the city becomes a pretty manageable one ninety - minute session per week .
And having the car is great : you wo n't even notice that you went from Red Hook to the Navy Yard to the L.E.S. to Greenpoint in one night , journeys that would total about three hours by subway and bus .
3 ) I wonder if there are bosses who force their interns to sit in their cars for them during street - cleaning time .
I must admit , I have had fantasies about just such an arrangement .
( Though I suppose rich people shell out for a garage . )
Would that be disgusting and elitist and cross the line between work work and domestic work , like when bosses make their assistants pick up their dry-cleaning ?
Probably .
4 ) This whole ritual can be a little monotonous , but has one major benefit : it forces you to look at the street and the people on it .
Many small epiphanies are had here : how beautiful the variety of people is , how funny their morning moods , how interesting all the plants on that balcony you never noticed .
Right now , Laura from the deli is sweeping the sidewalk , the Italians are opening up their cafes .
A Hummer pulled up behind me , then got tired of waiting or something , and gave up his spot , which was taken by a more patient man in a Bronx sweatshirt driving a van with a ladder on top .
A young woman crossed the street just now , looking somewhat blank .
Now here comes another , smiling broadly and beautifully as she steps back to allow a truck its rightful right of way , one of those rock - forward - rock - back - to - the - curb manuevers .
Now she 's crossing , looking straight into my face to check for oncoming traffic .
I smile .
She increases her smile briefly to acknowledge my witnessing her little move a second ago .
A bearded man with friendly eyes , crossing the other way , looks at her too , then at me .
He smiles .
Street Parking and Love :
1 ) The difficulties posed by street parking can be shared , but the car will be ticketed , booted , and finally towed unless they are shared with someone who has some baseline level of responsibility , competence , and common sense .
Do these not seem the very same qualities useful but not always present in girlfriends and boyfriends ?
Let this suggest a litmus test .
Whether or not someone can handle street cleaning together with you is a good indicator of how able they are to perform shared endeavors , hopefully somewhat reliably and in good humor .
Think about the person you 're with or want to be with .
Can you imagine sharing the parking of a vehicle in New York with them ?
Could they handle it ?
Could you ?
Would they want to ?
Would you ?
And , maybe , let that separate the flings from the real things .
Posted by Asad Raza at 11:32 AM | Permalink
Stumble It !
[ Please note : I have mirrored same post at http://kedarsoman.wordpress.com/2006/11/21/saving-energy-one-monitor-at-a-time/
If you would like to leave a comment , please leave it there .
I appreciate it , thanks . ]
Several times I had observed that my laptop battery lasts a lot longer if I turn down the brightness of the screen .
That just seems such a common sense thing to do .
But I never took power consumption of monitor that seriously till one day I almost burned my hands while trying to move the big bulky 19 inch CRT monitor .
The back side of the monitor was really hot .
Boy , how much power does this one consume ?
A quick look at the manual and turns out that my old big bulky 19 ” monitor was consuming a whopping 120 Watts .
It ’s like having a big bright bulb burning right in your face .
That figure was big enough for me to switch off my monitor while not working .
But still I wondered , what is the exact relation between what is being showed on screen and how much power is being consumed by the monitor .
A really good EBay deal on P4400 KillAWatt by P3 International convinced me that God wants me to buy a power meter and investigate this in detail .
For anyone interested in “ watching your power ” , this is a handy thing for about $ 30 .
I ventured onto this study .
I checked monitor power consumption for CRT ( Cathode Ray Tube aka big , bulky , heavy , TV shaped , ugly , dinosaurs ) , as well as LCD monitors ( Liquid Crystal Display aka thin , flat , light , cool cuties ) .
Since 17 ” monitors are the most common , I chose Compaq S710 in my office ( which is CRT 17 ” ) and Hundai Imagequest L70N , which is LCD 17 ” monitor for study and comparison .
I checked following things
* CRT monitor consumption vis-à - vis LCD monitor consumption
* Brightness settings varied 0 , 50 , 100
* Contrast settings varied 0 , 50,100
* Screen background changed black , gray , white
* Soft power off ( off using power settings of computer ) and hard power off ( off using switch ) consumptions .
The results were really surprising .
Following charts summarize my readings .
The Summary of the findings is below
* Sensitivity to various settings is as follows
Power Consumption Parameter CRT Monitor LCD Monitor Avg. consumption 76 W 20 W Screen color sensitivity Extremely sensitive .
Consumes lot more power ( 43 % more ) when displaying white on screen .
Completely insensitive .
Consumes same power for all colors on screen .
Brightness setting sensitivity Moderately sensitive .
Consumes more power at higher brightness .
Sensitive .
Consumes higher power for higher brightness Contrast setting sensitivity Less sensitive .
( Almost insensitive when brightness setting is low . )
Completely insensitive .
Consumes same power for all contrast Consumption when turned off from computer power settings 2W 0 W
* Screen savers consume as much energy as when you are using screen .
They save your screen pixels , but they burn away power .
* CRT monitor leaks power just like TV .
Just FYI , a TV switched off using remote control does actually consume electricity ( up to 20 Watts for some models ) .
But the TV switched off using “ OFF ” switch is perfectly at rest .
Do we need our monitor at it ’s brightest all the time ?
Do we need Microsoft Word background look like white paper ?
Can we write white over black instead of black over white ?
Can we all follow some monitor manners and save energy ?
By following simple monitor manners below , in fact we can save lot of energy .
1 . When not in use , simply switch off the monitor by hand .
2 . If fits in your budget , buy an LCD monitor .
3 . Use “ blank screen ” as a screen saver option .
4 . If your computer allows power setting control ( all laptops usually do ) , then change power settings to “ turn monitor off ” after 2 - 5 minutes .
These setting are usually accessible somewhere around screen saver settings .
5 . Right click on your desktop or background , go to properties > appearance tab > advanced .
Now select “ window ” in the list and select a light gray color instead of white .
Play around with schemes , use your creativity .
Refer to the article
6 . http://support.microsoft.com/default.aspx?scid=KB;en-us;q307855
7 . But be careful while printing because you are not printing what you see .
At such times , you can easily revert back to default scheme from display settings .
8. Reduce brightness settings , increase contrast settings .
OK , So what ’s the big deal ?
If you look at statistics below , you will see that it can actually be a big deal .
The USA has almost 574 personal computers per thousand population , among the highest in the world .
Barring a few exceptions , each personal computer has a monitor with it .
So for 292 million population , @ 574 per 1000 , we have 177 million monitors .
Just following one or two of the above tips above , you can easily reduce your monitor ’s average consumption by around 20 W .
If 177 million people save 15 W per monitor , it accumulates to a gigantic figure of 3500 Mega Watts , or 3.5 GigaWatts .
If you saved 3.5 Gigawatts , you just shut down four coal fired power plants in Texas , namely Gibbons creek ( 1 X 480 MW ) , Welsh ( 3 X 558 MW ) , Sandow ( 3 X 121 , 1 X 591 MW ) and Oklaunion ( 1 X 720 MW ) .
That means almost 5.25 million lb CO2 emissions avoided PER HOUR .
Yes , I checked my calculations twice .
This savings can be realized on your CRT monitor , not a single penny out of your pocket .
A perfect conservation .
If you switch to LCD , you save a lot more .
And while the environmentalists within you are drooling over the idea of closing down coal fired power plants , do not forget these additional benefits .
* If you are not saving this energy , then what is happening to it ?
It is getting converted to bright light and is going in your eyes .
Our eyes are not designed to stare at bright white thing from 2 feet close , 8 hrs a day , whole life .
They deserve a break .
With my new monitor settings , I find my eyes much more comfortable at the end of the day .
* Amory Lovins ( www.rmi.org) once said “ Any attempt to make the car lighter by 1 lb actually ends up in making the car lighter by 1 and half lb ” .
Because when you reduce body weight , you can use lighter chassis , then you need lighter suspensions and so on .
Similarly any attempts to reduce monitor consumption by 100 watts actually end up saving overall 110 watts ( figuratively speaking ) .
Because to show you something on monitor , computer processor has to do work , hard disks need to be spun , video card must be fired up and fan must run faster to cool these things down .
When monitor is off , all these things can take it a bit easy by a watt here and a watts there .
* Just for fun I calculated how much money I would save if I saved 15 Watts for 6 hours every day .
Turns out that @ 12 cents KWH rate , I would be saving around $ 4.85 per year .
OK , you cannot buy Lexus with this saving .
But hey , at the end of the day , where would you rather put extra 5 $ ?
In Your pocket or in your utility provider ’s pocket ?
Moral of the story :
Just by making a small change in your computer habits , you can save some serious energy .
Only thing you give up is an eye candy like screen saver .
But if you consider the eye candy cost you are paying in environment terms , it is really worth it .
References :
www.Internetworldstats.com for 2005 computer usage statistics www.Industcards.com for 2005 coal fired plants data US EPA Energy information administration EGRID 2000 database as referred by www.greenmountain.com US EPA National Vehicle and Fuel Emissions Laboratory EPA420 -F-97-037 standards as referred by www.greenmountain.com
http://www.energystar.gov/index.cfm?c=pm_mmd.pr_pm_mmd
Stumble It !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in background , black , Blogroll , bright , brightness , carbon dioxide , color , computer , conservation , consumption , contrast , crt , dark , electricity , emissions , energy , environment , global warming , greenhouse , greenhouse effect , lcd , money , monitor , pixel , power , power management , save , saver , saving , screen , tv , Uncategorized , USA , waste , white
This 42 - story apartment tower , under construction at Elephant and Castle in London , will feature a roof with an array of integrated wind turbines .
The three turbines are each nine meters in diameter and are design to provide power the building ’s lighting systems .
The tower itself will be a green building , and the residents will save about 40 % in energy costs , and the building is expect to receive an “ excellent ” rating from the EcoHomes certification system .
The Castle House will have 310 apartments and retail units at the ground level .
Via Jetson Green and World Architecture News
Rich : Is Condi hiding the smoking gun ?
RAW STORY
Published : Saturday May 5 , 2007 Print This Email
This " George Tenet is just the latest to join this blame game , " writes Frank Rich in his Sunday New York Times op - ed piece .
Three years ago it was General Tommy Franks laying the blame for the bungled Iraq war at the feet of Douglas Feith .
Last year it was " neocon cheerleader " Kenneth Adelman pointing the finger at Tenet , Franks and L. Paul Bremer .
Richard Perle called out Bush , Ahmad Chalabi placed the burden on Paul Wolfowitz .
" And of course nearly everyone blames Rumsfeld , " says Rich .
" This would be a Three Stooges routine were there only three stooges . "
But the highest level Bush confidant who was around when the war was being conceived , and is still on the payroll , is Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice .
Last week Rice made the rounds on the morning talk show circuit , just days after rebuffing a subpoena from House Oversight and Government Reform Committee about the intelligence that was used to make a case for war with Iraq .
" Rice was dispatched to three Sunday shows last weekend to bat away Tenet 's book before ' 60 Minutes ' broadcast its interview with him that night .
But in each appearance her statements raised more questions than they answered , " writes Rich .
" She was persistently at odds with the record , not just the record as spun by Tenet but also the public record .
She must be held to a higher standard -- aka the truth -- before she too jumps ship . "
For video of Rice 's appearance on ABC's This Week , see RAW STORY 's coverage here .
But dodging questions on morning talk shows is not where Rich thinks Rice should be talking .
" As long as U.S. troops are dying in Iraq , the secretary of state has an obligation to answer questions about how they got there and why they stay .
If accountability is ever to begin , it would be best if those questions are answered not on ' 60 Minutes ' but under oath , " he concludes .
Excerpts follow : # On CBS ' " Face the Nation , " she claimed that intelligence errors before the war were " worldwide " even though the International Atomic Energy Agency 's Mohamed ElBaradei publicly stated there was " no evidence " of an Iraqi nuclear program and even though Germany 's intelligence service sent strenuous prewar warnings that the CIA 's principal informant on Saddam 's supposed biological weapons was a fraud .
Of the Sunday interviewers , it was George Stephanopoulos who went for the jugular by returning to that nonexistent uranium from Africa .
He forced Rice to watch a clip of her appearance on his show in June 2003 , when she claimed she did not know of any serious questions about the uranium evidence before the war .
Then he came as close as any Sunday host ever has to calling a guest a liar .
" But that statement was n't true , " Stephanopoulos said .
Rice pleaded memory loss , but the facts remain .
She received a memo raising serious questions about the uranium in October 2002 , three months before the president included the infamous 16 words on the subject in his State of the Union address .
Her deputy , Stephen Hadley , received two memos as well as a phone call of warning from Tenet .
# TIMES SELECT SUBSCRIBERS CAN READ FULL RICH COLUMN AT THIS LINK
ATLANTA 
If you 're like most homeowners , you 've probably never given much thought to whether your neighbors pay their mortgages on time .
You 've got enough to worry about .
Dannice Clark was like that .
She 'd skip newspaper articles about the trouble with " subprime " loans for people with risky credit .
While fixing dinner , she 'd tune out TV reports on how subprime defaults are accelerating the nationwide pace of foreclosures .
Why should she care ?
She had a fixed - rate loan on a 5,000 - square - foot home with two kitchens in Waters Edge , an upscale subdivision in Stone Mountain , just outside Atlanta .
Here 's why : Clark has been trying to sell her home for nearly five months and has n't had one offer — even after cutting the price to $ 334,900 from $ 359,000 .
The problem is that her street is dotted with four foreclosed homes that lenders are trying to unload for less money .
" It 's truly affecting the sale of my house , " says Clark , 45 , who works for the U.S. Postal Service .
" Why pay full price for my house when you can pick up a foreclosure for $ 30,000 or $ 40,000 less ? "
And as thousands of homeowners across the nation are learning , it 's not only home values that are being affected by the foreclosure crisis .
When foreclosures rise , as they have in Waters Edge and other middle - class areas amid the meltdown of the subprime mortgage market , they can unravel the social fabric and reshape neighborhoods .
The crime rate can rise while the quality of the schools goes down .
Homeowner associations can see their treasuries drained .
Nearby businesses close their doors , and local tax revenue suffers .
These problems used to be concentrated in poor , urban and minority neighborhoods where mortgage defaults are more common .
The real estate boom , turbo - charged by looser lending standards that began in 2000 , changed that .
Communities across the country , including some exclusive neighborhoods , have begun to feel the collateral damage of the pandemic use of adjustable - rate mortgages , or ARMs , that required little or no down payments or proof of income .
In the wealthy subdivision of Greenridge in Lithonia , Ga. , for instance , 10 homes are for sale from $ 700,000 to $ 1.1 million .
Six of the owners had interest - only mortgages and could n't keep up with their rising payments .
Four of the homes have gone through foreclosure , says Mike Grier , an agent at Century 21 A - Team .
" The foreclosure trends are definitely accelerating in middle - income suburban communities , " says Dan Immergluck , associate professor of city and regional planning at Georgia Institute of Technology .
" What I 'm still scared about is the interest - rate resets in the prime market , " Immergluck says , referring to the exotic loans made to people with good credit that let them pay only the interest , or even less , until the loans reset to higher rates .
" I 'm concerned that could really tip some of these middle - and upper - income neighborhoods , in terms of high foreclosure rates . "
Foreclosures expensive
It 's difficult to put a dollar figure on the problem .
But one study in the Chicago metro area found that each foreclosure costs the municipal governments there more than $ 30,000 , according to the Homeownership Preservation Foundation .
One foreclosure will shave up to 1.5 % off the value of the other homes on the same block , Immergluck 's research found .
But there are other costs , harder to measure , such as feeling increasingly unsafe as foreclosures seep into your community , says Laura Walker , a retired human resource executive .
She fought for years to combat rampant mortgage fraud and foreclosures in Waters Edge by tracing the names of con artists who were buying and selling in the areas , as well as their accomplices , and lobbying authorities to take action .
" We saw evidence of insurgency from drug dealers and criminal activity we certainly did not want , " as homes began to empty and thefts in the area increased , she recalls .
" It added a sour note about what kind of community we were turning into .
We had to get vigilant to let others know we care about our properties and we do n't want these unsavory types of people in our communities . "
Conditions in Waters Edge have improved recently , but 50 homes are for sale in the neighborhood , 21 of which are foreclosures , says Century 21's Grier .
Georgia was n't even among the states with the most foreclosures at the end of last year .
The most desperate stories are in Rust Belt cities and suburbs in Ohio , Michigan and Indiana , where job losses — the No. 1 reason people lose their homes — are magnifying the fallout .
What 's perhaps most worrisome about the rise in loan defaults in the Atlanta area is that what 's happening here is beginning to show up in dozens of economically vibrant cities , such as Miami , Sacramento and Boston .
Foreclosure rates across the nation are likely to continue to rise through next year as homeowners with ARMs see their payments jump .
A projected 2 million subprime borrowers will lose their homes to foreclosure by the end of this year , according to the Center for Responsible Lending .
And that estimate was made late last year , before tougher lending rules began shutting out some homeowners , who might be unable to refinance once their ARMs reset to higher rates .
The difficulties are worse in inner-city areas where poverty and joblessness have been compounded by the troubles that shadow foreclosures .
When John - Paul and Heidi Chandonia moved to Atlanta 's Washington Park neighborhood in 2001 , they thought it was enjoying an urban renaissance .
But once the real estate boom arrived , many residents sold .
Homes were flipped from one buyer to another and , in many cases , no one moved in .
Half the homes on the Chandonias ' street are now vacant .
Some have gone through foreclosure more than once .
A new , two - story home around the corner was vandalized around Christmas .
The doors are off their hinges ; the heating , ventilation and air - conditioning unit is gone — stolen for the copper coils , which are peddled on the black market .
A few doors down , a heroin addict has moved into a vacant home , John - Paul says .
Heidi has called the city 's building - code - enforcement department many times , but little has changed .
She 's contacted neighborhood groups and city officials .
But the Chandonias ' part of Washington Park continues to decline .
In May , a neighbor was dragged behind a vacant house and raped .
That 's when Heidi said , " I give up . "
They put their home on the market .
It took a year to get an offer .
They now have a buyer and could move by the end of the month .
" Our neighbors want to get out of there , too , " says Heidi , 26 , who works for an association that builds affordable housing .
" It 's been too much .
It 's gotten worse and worse and worse . …
It 's been extremely stressful just to watch it go downhill and feel that there 's not anybody paying attention . "
In the upper - middle - class neighborhood of Smoke Rise , 18 miles east of Washington Park , Ann Fulman has had the same feelings .
Her area was one of the early targets of mortgage fraudsters , and she remembers how hard it was convincing regulators and law enforcement that mortgage - paying residents like her were victims as much as the lenders .
" We started talking to law - enforcement agencies , saying , ' We 're victims .
Come help us , ' " she recalls .
" They said , ' You 're not victims . ' …
And I said , ' What do you mean , I 'm not a victim ?
I 'm living with strippers and convicted arsonists and drug dealers .
There are meth labs in my neighborhood .
Hello ! ' "
As homes fall into foreclosure , a neighborhood frequently turns more transient .
Investors often buy homes in foreclosure and rent them out if they can't sell them .
" You end up with a very fragmented community , " Fulman says .
" When investors buy them and turn them into rental property , it can be Section 8 ( a government rental assistance program ) .
Not that there 's anything wrong with that , but folks come in from a different background with different expectations and do n't have the means to keep up the place . "
Local schools also suffer when people lose their homes in large numbers .
Foreclosures can disrupt not only the tax base of an area , but also the classroom environment .
" It definitely affects education in many ways , " says Deborah Crawford , a fourth - grade teacher at Pine Ridge Elementary in Stone Mountain .
" This year is very transient .
There 's a teacher two doors down from me ; he started with 22 students in August and only has 10 of the same kids now .
How hard is that to adjust to ? "
Teachers must spend more time with new students , who are " upset about moving , " she says .
" It 's hard to merge kids in like that .
You have to assess them to see where they are ( academically ) .
It 's unfortunate , but sometimes they get lost " trying to keep up .
Many local governments have been caught off - guard by the economic and social domino effect of foreclosures .
At the end of January , Atlanta officials and non-profit organizations launched an ad campaign to make residents aware of a national foreclosure prevention program and toll - free hotline ( 888-995-HOPE or 888-995-4673 ) .
They hoped to get 5,000 calls from people in Atlanta this year .
They blew past that figure last month .
In the suburbs of Gwinnett County , the police department recently created a Quality of Life unit to address problems often associated with foreclosures .
Working with other government agencies , the unit targets such issues as building - code enforcement , vagrancy and graffiti .
But their powers and resources are limited .
At a town hall meeting last week , residents in a Stone Mountain neighborhood were upset about a vacant home on their block , says Maj .
Dan Branch , who heads the unit for the police department .
" Although it 's in foreclosure , the bank is not taking ownership , and the people who own the house are not taking ownership , and this house is run down , " Branch says .
" There are nine ( building - code ) violations on the house .
Teenagers are breaking into it .
We can't legally go in .
The house is vacant , run-down .
It 's horrible . "
' It 's a death spiral '
Last week , all the officers from the Quality of Life unit were temporarily reassigned to try to catch a rapist .
Such steps make it difficult to focus resources on less - threatening neighborhood problems .
In some cases , the task of protecting a neighborhood falls to local groups and non-profits .
" If you do n't have a strong community association with leaders who care and roll up their sleeves and do something , it 's a death spiral , " Fulman says .
Some states , such as Ohio , have started funds to help cash - strapped homeowners restructure their loans to avoid foreclosure .
In Congress , there are proposals to get the Federal Housing Administration to help homeowners with ARMs .
But there 's no quick fix .
And as foreclosures mount , the spillover effect on suburbanites could worsen before it improves .
In Waters Edge , Clark is not only feeling like a victim of foreclosures in her neighborhood ; she may soon be part of the problem in another .
She 's got a fixed - rate loan on the home she lives in , but when she refinanced her second home 3 ½ years ago , the mortgage broker " pulled a bait - and - switch on me , " she says , and gave her an ARM .
The house , in a nearby subdivision , also had an inflated appraisal , so she owes about $ 20,000 more than it 's probably worth .
Meantime , her monthly payment on the second home has jumped from $ 567 to $ 1,148 , far more than the monthly rent she collects on it .
" I 'm going to have to sell it , " she laments .
" I went out and bought a for - sale sign and am going to try to sell it myself , or it 's going to have to go into foreclosure . "
Has your community been affected by foreclosures ?
Are you worried about your mortgage ?
Tell us your experiences :
Enlarge By Michael A. Schwarz , USA TODAY
The renter of this home in the Waters Edge community in Stone Mountain , Ga. , was evicted and the possessions left behind were strewn in the front yard .
QR Code Link to This Post
This informative guide will teach you about me -- the nice , fairly good looking guy who is too chicken to tell you he thinks you 're cute .
Section 1 . Physicality
I am about 6 feet tall .
Blonde hair , blue eyes and slender but not weak .
However , I am actually not bow - legged as figure 1. a shows , although I could probably ride a horse if I had to .
As figure 1.b shows , I am not a circle with sticks coming out of me , and I also do n't have big weird lines resembling a ridiculous amount of muscles .
Section 2 . Menticality and beyond
Intelligence is something I value .
And contrary to popular belief , in fig .
2.a the object in the little thought bubble is not a delicious chicken leg right out of the oven .
It is a light bulb ( probably one of those long lasting kind ) , signifying thought .
But I will admit , sometimes I do think about chicken legs .
Just not this time .
Fig. 2.b explains that I enjoy the natural environment .
I think that experiencing the wilderness is something people should do more often to take them back where they came from .
To avoid any confusion , when I say " experiencing the wilderness " I do not mean having sex with bears , which is something that could be interpreted from my skillful drawing .
And yes , that 's a bear .
Drawing and other avenues of artistic impression are also important .
See fig .
2.c .
Section 3 . Manliness
I do n't think being a man involves having sex with whoever you can .
I like one girl .( fig 3.a )
A little known observation is that the guys likely to be unafraid of asking you out are probably also unafraid of asking a large number of other women out .
The point is , if I saw you in a restaurant or something , and wanted to ask you out , I probably would n't .
And instead some wanker would .
( fig 3.b )
So that is why I am trying to do this online .
Section 4 . Styleness
I am most comfortable in jeans and some kind of shirt ( fig. 4.a ) .
This does not mean I am slob though , as I dress with some intended coordination and like to feel good about what I am wearing .
Sometimes though , it is appropriate to wear not jeans and some kind of nice shirt ( fig. 4.b ) .
Like nice dates to the opera and such .
Section 5 . You -ness
I am attracted to a large variety of women - translation =
I am not picky .
Haircolor and height are not so important .
I do n't have much of a preference for weight , slender to a few extra pounds is okay , although big and beautiful is not for me , even if they are very beautiful .
But obviously there has to be some attraction .
What I am not attracted to is a lot of makeup , fancy clothes , high heels and smoking .( fig 5.b ) I like the natural look much better .
That does n't include the hairstyle in fig .
5.a , it is a crappy drawing .
Section 6 .
For your enjoyment
I hope you care about the world .
If you 've read " Ishmael " you may know what i am talking about .
Also , I like music and it would be great if you did too .
Not Britney spears or N'sync though .
I also really enjoy movies , in case you were wondering .
But I could n't draw a movie , I spent all my time on those beautiful music notes .
Wow , fantastic .
New York , San Francisco and Boston top the list of the 10 best cities for public transit according to the updated Transit Score® rankings by Redfin .
Transit Score , a tool by Redfin company Walk Score® , rates locations …
New York , San Francisco and Boston remain the most walkable large cities in the U.S. , according to the latest Walk Score® annual ranking .
Miami , which saw its Walk Score rating increase by one point since …
Read more
And now lets find all of the dog - bites - man sensationalism , gossip , trivia , and other non-news .
CNN Sensationalism , TMZ - like crap , YouTube - like crap
One notable thing is that this year CNN has really shifted to try and be like YouTube AND TMZ , a video channel and a gossip site respectively .
They have stories on Madonna , porn , rappers being shot , crazy wedding cakes , and the like .
And now the actual news ... wait for it ...
CNN Actual News
That is the SUM TOTAL of actual news presented on the above - the - fold CNN home page .
And it is not even clear to me that these items are news .
The only international story is about the ANC .
What gives ?
This is what their home page would look like if it was presented with just news :
Our population is being dumbed down , literally , with Madonna , wedding cakes , crazy dogs doing tricks , people getting shot and then killing some other dude .
How can we compete as a nation when CNN , that fawning imbecile , and the other purveyors fill our heads with trivia dredged from People magazine , TMZ , YouTube , or the local police blotter ? ?
And the rest of the world ?
Let 's look at China ?
We hear a lot about how they are censored , and no doubt they are .
But let 's take a look at one of their top news sites , Xinhua .
Xinhua home page
And then let 's remove all of the advertising , sensationalism , and other stuff .
What are we left with ...
Xinhua home page purged
You could do the same thing in pretty much ANY other country , from France , to Germany , to UK , to Cuba ... and what you get on their top news sites is ... actual news !
In the US , we are subjected to the trifecta of trivia -- CNN , MSNBC , and FOX .
WHO CARES about partisan slant when the REAL PROBLEM is that we get no actual news !
Thanks , and tell us where you get your news ... ( me , BBC ) ...
UPDATED : CNN USED to be better ...
I was browsing the Internet Archive ... for some reason the earliest record for CNN is 2000 .
That 's a bit weird .
In 1996 and thereabouts CNN was good ... and even in 2000 , as seen below , it was better .
( I like the headline particularly . )
[ By the way , another thing about today 's journalism ... have you noticed how the media tends to inflate conflict ... instead of a headline that reads , for example , " So - and - so disagreed with so - and - so " , nowadays they will use terms like " slam " , " blasts " , " smackdown " , and other aggressive terms that presumably excites readers to click , but does a disservice to reality .
( And I will admit to this too ... after all , if the title of my diary was n't " fuck CNN " would you have read it ? ) ]
( Update :
On the " slams " comment .
Take a look at this Google search .
No doubt some are appropiate , but the artificial conflation of a disagreement to a full - bore fight is not reality : for example , " U.S. slams ban on its chickens " . )
UPDATE AGAIN : Here 's the thinking that News execs consider when designing news :
In the end , Yahoo kept world news prominent on the front page because users feel secure knowing that it 's easily accessible , even if they do n't often click it .
Conspicuous placement also went to entertainment , which draws heavy traffic from people seeking a diversion at work .
With " market forces " essentially designing what information we 're presented , we must consider the value of public financing for true news vehicles .
Claim : Photograph shows camel spiders found in Iraq .
Status : Real picture ; inaccurate description .
Example : [ Collected on the Internet , 2004 ]
From someone stationed in Baghdad .
He was recently bitten by a camel spider which was hiding in his sleeping bag .
I thought you ’d like to see what a camel spider looks like .
It ’ll give you a better idea of what our troops are dealing with .
Enclosed is a picture of his friend holding up two spiders .
Warning : not for the squeamish !
From someone stationed in Baghdad .
He was recently bitten by a camel spider which was hiding in his sleeping bag .
I thought you ’d like to see what a camel spider looks like .
It ’ll give you a better idea of what our troops are dealing with .
Enclosed is a picture of his friend holding up two spiders .
Warning : not for the squeamish !
This picture is a perfect example of why you do n’t want to go to the desert .
These are 2 of the biggest I ’ve ever seen .
With a vertical leap that would make a pro basketball player weep with envy ( they have to be able to jump up on to a camels stomach after all ) , they latch on and inject you with a local anesthesia so you ca n’t feel it feeding on you .
They eat flesh , not just suck out your juices like a normal spider .
I ’m gona be having night mares after seeing this photo !
Origins :
The photo displayed above does indeed show camel spiders encountered in Iraq , but a number of the claims about them multi-legged creatures made in accompanying text are inaccurate or exaggerated .
Claims of camel spiders being flesh - eating anesthesia - injecting beasts are folklore , not reality , so worry not that those serving in our country ’s armed forces in Iraq are having to deal with man-eating creepy - crawlies the size of small cats .
Camel spiders , also known as wind spiders , wind scorpions , and sun scorpions , are a type of arthropod found ( among other places ) in the deserts of the Middle East .
They ’re technically not spiders but solifugae ( although , like spiders , they belong to the class Arachnida ) .
Camel spiders are the subject of a variety of legendary claims , many of them familiar to Americans because they were spread by U.S. servicemen who served in the Persian Gulf War in 1991 , and re-spread at the beginning of the Iraq War in 2003 :
Camel spiders can grow to be as large as dinner plates .
Camel spiders can traverse desert sand at speeds up to 25 MPH , making screaming noises as they run .
, making screaming noises as they run .
Camel spiders can jump several feet in the air .
Camel spiders eat the stomachs of camels and lay their eggs there , hence the name “ camel spider . ”
( Legend includes the detail that camel spiders eat camel stomachs from either the outside in or the inside out .
In the former case they supposedly jump up from the ground and grab onto camels ’ bellies from underneath ; in the latter case exactly how spiders allegedly as large as dinner plates get into camels ’ stomachs intact remains unexplained . )
Camel spiders are venomous , and their venom contains a powerful anesthetic that numbs their victims ( thus allowing them to gnaw away at living , immobilized animals without being noticed ) .
U.S. soldiers were said to have been attacked by camel spiders at night but remained completely unaware of their plight until they awakened in the morning to find chunks of their flesh missing .
These claims are all false .
Camel spiders ( so named because , like camels , they can be found in sandy desert regions , although they are n’t technically spiders ) grow to be moderately large ( about a 5 ″ - 6 ″ leg span ) , but nowhere near as large as dinner plates ; they can move very quickly in comparison to other arthropods ( a top speed of maybe 10 MPH ) , but nothing close 25 MPH ; they make no noise ; and they capture prey without the use of either venom or anesthetic .
Camel spiders rely on speed , stealth , and the ( non-venomous ) bite of powerful jaws to feed on small prey such as other arthropods ( e.g. , scorpions , crickets , pillbugs ) , lizards , and possibly mice or birds .
They use only three pairs of legs in running ; the frontmost pair ( called pedipalpa ) is held aloft and used in a similar manner to the antennae of insects .
Camel spiders shun the sun and generally hide during the day , coming out at night to do their hunting .
Although the creatures shown in the photograph above appear to be far too big for camel spiders , they look misleadingly large because of their closeness to the camera , which creates an illusion of exaggerated size .
( Note their size in comparison to the uniform sleeve which appears in upper right - hand portion of the picture . )
Additional information :
Camel Spiders : Behind an E - Mail Sensation from Iraq ( National Geographic ) Camel Spider Caresheet ( Fauna Import UK )
Last updated : 29 May 2005
Siemens says its ultra - thin displays allow for electronic text and images to be applied to anything from milk cartons to cereal boxes .
They are also dirt cheap , the company says :
The price tag of the display shown here would be about 30 cents .
View Slideshow
The cereal aisle at your local supermarket may soon resemble the Las Vegas strip .
Electronics maker Siemens is readying a paper - thin electronic - display technology so cheap it could replace conventional labels on disposable packaging , from milk cartons to boxes of Cheerios .
In less than two years , Siemens says , the technology could transform consumer - goods packaging from the fixed , ink - printed images of today to a digital medium of flashing graphics and text that displays prices , special offers or alluring photos , all blinking on miniature flat screens .
" When kids see flashing pictures on cereal boxes we do n't expect them to just ask for the product , but to say , ' I want it , ' " said Axel Gerlt , an engineer at Siemens tasked with helping packaging companies implement the technology .
Siemens ' paper - thin display – composed of a polymer - based photochromic material – is capable of displaying digital text and images when prodded by an electrochemical reaction powered by a low - voltage charge .
When the electric charge is no longer applied , the chemical reaction is reversed , and the electronic ink is no longer visible – which is how a flashing effect is created .
The power source is based on commercially available , ultra - thin batteries .
Electronic memory strips store the images .
The company provided Wired News with a sample display during an exclusive interview in Nuremberg , Germany , last month .
The display resembles a calculator screen , except the monitor is attached to a flexible , plastic - coated card .
Pressing a button on the card causes monochromatic digital text to light up ; when the button is released , the text vanishes .
Miniature displays in color could appear on consumer - goods packaging , including medicine vials , in 2007 , with a resolution of 80 dpi , Gerlt said .
Three or more images could flash consecutively , creating a crude animation effect or cycling through multiple messages .
By 2008 , the resolution could double , said Gerlt .
However , Siemens ' innovation is not about to usher in the dawn of miniature and pliable video screens .
The chemical reaction that must occur from the time an electric charge is applied until the picture is rendered is too slow for the instantaneity of video images that change in milliseconds .
" Video could happen , but that is not what this technology is about for now , " Gerlt said .
Reactions to the development by scientists familiar with the underlying science of Siemens ' display ranged from cautiously optimistic to mildly skeptical .
Siemens has yet to demonstrate the electrochromic material 's stability and performance when it is mass - produced , researchers say .
" So - called ' electronic paper ' has been , and is , a target of many corporations worldwide , ( and ) depending on the color fidelity of the Siemens thin electrochromic display , and its manufacturability , it could have numerous uses , " said Bowling Green State University professor Doug Neckers , who directs the university 's Center for Photochemical Sciences .
" The proof of the value of the new Siemens product will come if it can be manufactured consistently . "
Indeed , researchers have been looking at electrochromic materials for digital display applications for more than 30 years , but slow imaging - response time and device instability have been impediments to commercialization , said Jianmin Shi , an organic materials researcher who specializes in optoelectronic device applications for the U.S. Army Research Laboratory in Adelphi , Maryland .
" From the white paper , it seems Siemens partially solved these problems , " Shi said .
One scientist , however , was more pessimistic .
R.C. Liang , the chief executive officer of Trillion Science , a Silicon Valley display and semiconductor materials startup , said he thought Siemens ' technology was " overstated , " that it would likely display images slowly and suffer from a narrow viewing angle .
" The stability of dyes also may cause some problems for outdoor applications , " he said .
For commercial applications , it is the very low cost of the display 's substrate that largely sets Siemens ' display technology apart .
A 1 - by - 2 - inch , paper - thin electronic display that Kodak developed costs more than $ 40 to make , for example , while Siemens ' costs just 30 cents to produce , a Siemens representative said .
Siemens says its display substrate , unlike competing materials , does not have to be produced in a clean - room environment since it only requires the level of cleanliness needed for paper printing .
If and when Siemens can mass - produce the material , the company still has to sell the idea to packaging companies .
So far , company officials say they have no deals in place , and they declined to disclose which firms they were targeting .
Making the case for digitized packaging is similar to the challenge researchers faced explaining to watchmakers why they would want to make and sell the first digital watches , and what kind of information they would display , said Norm Lehoullier , managing director of Grey Interactive , a marketing firm based in New York .
" The applications have yet to be created , " said Lehoullier , who does new - product consulting for Procter & Gamble .
" I believe it 's a creative process and not about technology at that point . "
Lehoullier said Siemens ' miniature displays might meet demand from packaging makers and retailers eager to make smarter consumer products , but more applications for the displays could emerge after their initial adoption .
He compares the technology to RFID tags , which were developed to track inventory but increasingly are looked at as a way to track consumer use of a product after purchase – ethical and privacy issues pending .
" People started figuring out all of the potential applications for RFID tags , and went way beyond using it to stock shelves , " Lehoullier said .
" I think that is what will happen with ( Siemens ' technology ) . "
For now , Siemens ' intention is to offer retailers new ways of attracting interest to their products – flashing labels should draw store goers as they stroll down supermarket aisles .
" When you go in a supermarket today , you might see but hardly notice 15 different cereal boxes , " said Gerlt .
" But ( in the future ) you will notice when some of them will be flashing . "
" The issue comes to understanding how you can use the technology to pull the consumer in , either at point of purchase or when they get the product home , " Lehoullier said .
But not everyone thinks that 's a good thing .
As advertisements increasingly permeate almost every aspect of our lives , the last thing we need is another attention - grabbing technology , said Kalle Lasn , founder of Adbusters Media Foundation and Buy Nothing Day .
" I think it is great for corporate advertising .
I think it is great for advertising agencies .
I think it is great for PR and marketing .
But I do n't think it is great for the mental health of the population , " Lasn said .
" We live in an age when we the people have lost control of our own culture that is being spoon - fed to us by marketers and advertising agencies – and that is where all of the breakthroughs are happening . "
Indeed , Lasn sees Siemens ' displays as part of a bigger trend in which electronic advertising mediums have spun out of control .
" I do n't want to throw cold water on the technology until I have seen it , but I would like to look at the bigger picture at why we are going crazy , suffering from mood disorders or why so many kids are on Zoloft or Ritalin , " Lasn said .
" Let 's look at the larger picture and deal with the pollution of our mental environment and see what it means for Siemens to throw one more very powerful , visual device into that . "
Sony Draws Ire With PSP Graffiti
Put Your Money Where Your Mind Is
See You in the Funny Web Pages
Neither Rain nor Hail nor E- Mail
Read more Technology news
Support suchen
Geben Sie eine Service - Tag - Nummer , eine Seriennummer , eine Serviceanfrage , ein Modell oder ein Schlüsselwort ein .
While record labels bemoan their sad plight , artists like Nine Inch Nails are coming up with creative ways to inject mystery and playfulness into the music promotion game .
The elaborate campaign for NIN ’s new “ Year Zero ” album — 42 Entertainment is the agency behind it — is a great example of blurring the line between marketing and entertainment .
Trail of clues
It all started with a concert t- shirt :
The bolded letters on the shirt spelled out a domain name that describes Parepin , “ a revolutionary drug . ”
This kickstarted “ a long , elaborate , cookie trail of clues and cryptically hidden website URLs hidden in the most unlikely of places . ”
Another version of the truth is also one of the campaign ’s sites .
It features an idyllic photo and message , but clicking and dragging on the photo reveals hidden , darker imagery .
That dystopian vision is reflected in the album ’s songs too .
Fans discovered USB
Flash drives left in bathrooms at the band ’s shows .
On them were unprotected versions of the new tracks .
These leaked songs soon showed up online as another part of the puzzle .
The power of mystery
Rolling Stone said the “ Year Zero ” project is “ the most innovative promotion scheme since the leaked sex tape . ”
NIN have treated their fans to a sort of Where ’s Waldo game that includes tour merchandising , a dizzying network of websites and , umm , bathrooms in European concert halls .
Adrants praised the campaign and said , “ Mythology adds fuel to fan fire . ”
This is the way a viral campaign should be run – with a brand using multiple forms of media to play with its users and leave them things to find and chase after .
The Google perspective
Matt Cutts , a Google software engineer , points out why the campaign is a winner from an SEO perspective .
- Check out the text from iamtryingtobelieve.com/purpose.htm .
It ’s so jittery that it ’s hard to read , but if you view the source , you ’ll notice that it ’s mostly text content , which lets search engines index it .
-
The buzz built pretty organically .
USB drives were left in bathrooms at conferences and messages were hidden in conference T - shirts .
It ’s much better to let people find you than to push too hard to get noticed .
The links from the “ people - find - you ” approach are more organic than if someone spammed to get links to viral sites .
- I appreciate that the campaign picked a lot of terms ( e.g. “ parepin ” ) that were unique nonsense words .
That keeps the marketing campaign from crufting up search results for actual topics or real peoples ’ names , which is a pretty rude thing to do .
collection of cool and funny pictures , jokes and amazing videos
Dear Friends ,
Looking for soft idlis and Crispy dosais ???
Here are a few tips to makeÂ flawless batter which yields best results .
Measurements :
Whatever cup you use , its always 4 cups Idli rice : 1.5 cup Urad dal : 4 tsp salt .
May include few additions listed below to boost the fermenting process and yield better quantity and quality .
1/2 tsp of fenugreek seeds helps to yield softer idlis .
2 tsp of cooked rice helps with better fermentation .
2 tsp of pre-soaked poha / aval helps for making softer idlis .
It seems that every theist - turned - atheist , at one point or another , shares his or her deconversion story .
Now , it is my turn .
At present , I am a 20 - something atheist , formerly a Roman Catholic .
I became an atheist somewhere around my junior year of college , and that view has been reinforced strongly during the following years .
Primarily , I came to atheism through science , which I consider a viable route to irreligiousness , although some might disagree .
That bit of introduction out of the way , I shall paint a more complete picture .
I was born into a 100 % Roman Catholic family , although , admittedly , not a particularly religious one .
Nevertheless , I was baptized , had first communion and was confirmed .
I was subjected to religious inculcation classes regularly throughout my childhood .
I attended church services every Sunday when I was very young , but that ended somewhere around 3rd or 4th grade .
I vividly remember how much I hated going to church when I was a child ; this was not because I objected to the message , of course , but rather because I found it deadly dull .
The same went for religious education , which I am sure I tried to weasel my way out of on numerous occasions .
As a young adult , beginning to form political and social views , I always leaned liberal .
Throughout high school , I consistently had pro-choice , pro-gay values .
I recognized the Pope was the earthly leader of my religion , but nevertheless ignored his “ position suggestions ” when he talked about issues of the day .
I prayed only a handful of times during those four years , so infrequently , in fact , that I cannot particularly recall anything for which I might have prayed .
I did not attend church , even on holidays .
Nevertheless , I considered myself a Catholic .
I accepted the divinity of Jesus , the existence of God , and the existence of Heaven and Hell .
But these were issues with which I never dealt ; I never tried to reconcile my beliefs with the way in which I lived my life , or my political views .
I attended a four - year university on Long Island , New York .
Though my classes leaned primarily toward English , journalism , writing and literature , I also found time to explore new subjects .
In one semester , I took classes in both biology and anthropology .
Luckily for me , both courses covered Darwin ’s Theory of Evolution exhaustively .
While the biology course spoke about the processes by which evolution works , the anthropology course took me up - close - and - personal with the long chain [ admittedly a chain with many twists , turns and dead ends ] of ancestors that separates modern Homo sapiens sapiens from the common ancestor we share with modern chimps .
I absorbed vast quantities of information about Australopithecus afarensis , Homo habilis , Homo erectus and Homo neanderthalensis , to name just a few .
Seeing my “ family tree ” laid out before me dramatically changed the way I saw the world .
My worldview was beginning to change , but it needed some more prodding .
I read a book , " The Blank Slate , " by Dr. Steven Pinker , that opened my eyes wider than they had ever been .
The book reinforced basic evolutionary concepts , and contrasted them to the narrative presented in the Bible .
But , I found its most valuable passages to be those dedicated to debunking “ The Ghost in the Machine , ” or the soul .
He went into much more technical detail about the processes by which the brain works than I have room for here , but I will share the anecdote that did the most to convince me there is no ghostly soul animating my flesh .
Here is a concise version of the Phineas Gage story :
Phineas
Gage is probably the most famous patient to have survived severe damage to the brain .
He is also the first patient from whom we learned something about the relation between personality and the function of the front parts of the brain .
As the first newspaper account of the accident , that appearing in the Free Soil Union ( Ludlow , Vermont ) the day after the accident , and here reproduced as it appeared in the Boston Post , reported , Phineas Gage was the foreman of a railway construction gang working for the contractors preparing the bed for the Rutland and Burlington Rail Road near Cavendish , Vermont .
On 13th .
September 1848 , an accidental explosion of a charge he had set blew his tamping iron through his head .
The tamping iron was 3 feet 7 inches long and weighed 13 1/2 pounds .
It was 1 1/ 4 inches in diameter at one end ( not circumference as in the newspaper report ) and tapered over a distance of about 1 - foot to a diameter of 1/4 inch at the other .
The tamping iron went in point first under his left cheek bone and completely out through the top of his head , landing about 25 to 30 yards behind him .
Phineas was knocked over but may not have lost consciousness even though most of the front part of the left side of his brain was destroyed .
Dr. John Martyn Harlow , the young physician of Cavendish , treated him with such success that he returned home to Lebanon , New Hampshire 10 weeks later .
Some months after the accident , probably in about the middle of 1849 , Phineas felt strong enough to resume work .
But because his personality had changed so much , the contractors who had employed him would not give him his place again .
Before the accident he had been their most capable and efficient foreman , one with a well - balanced mind , and who was looked on as a shrewd smart business man .
He was now fitful , irreverent , and grossly profane , showing little deference for his fellows .
He was also impatient and obstinate , yet capricious and vacillating , unable to settle on any of the plans he devised for future action .
His friends said he was " No longer Gage . "
As far as we know Phineas never worked at the level of a foreman again .
According to Dr. Harlow , Phineas appeared at Barnum 's Museum in New York , worked in the livery stable of the Dartmouth Inn ( Hanover , NH ) , and drove coaches and cared for horses in Chile .
In about 1859 , after his health began to fail he went to San Francisco to live with his mother .
After he regained his health he worked on a farm south of San Francisco .
In February 1860 , he began to have epileptic seizures and , as we know from the Funeral Director 's and cemetery interment records , he died on 21st .
May 1860 ( not in 1861 as Harlow reported ) .
Source : Here
OK , let us take a momentary break here for a recap , which will provide a glimpse into my mind at that moment in time .
Via my biology and anthropology classes , I was totally convinced of evolution ’s veracity .
Indeed , I discovered that , among relevant scientists , evolution is as widely accepted a theory as the theory that Earth spins on its axis while revolving around the sun .
To quantify things more precisely , a poll indicated that , again , among relevant scientists , only 0.15 % were creationists .
That is probably proportionally similar to the number of historians who are Holocaust - deniers .
Evolution ’s truth means the Bible ’s account of special creation is false .
Immediately , the Bible ’s alleged infallibility was disproved to me .
Referring back to the Gage story , I found it to be extremely convincing evidence that the “ soul ” does n’t exist .
Anybody familiar with amnesia already knows that the brain is where our memories are stored .
And now , anybody familiar with the story of Phineas Gage also knows that the brain is where our personality is stored .
If the brain holds all the answers to memory and personality , what possible function could a soul have ?
Moreover , if evolution is true , as it is , from what did the soul evolve ?
If it did not evolve , then does all life have souls ?
What about bacteria ?
What about tumors ?
The Pinker text also raised another question I never had considered previously :
How , precisely , would an immaterial soul interact with a material body ?
Is there any precedent for the immaterial interacting with the material ?
Hell , is there any evidence that “ the immaterial ” even exists ?
Basically , the notion of a soul is an assumption for which there is no positive evidence .
Moreover , the notion itself is extremely suspect because it ’s based upon a hypothetical interaction between material entities and immaterial entities , which themselves have no supporting evidence .
Now , deep seeds of doubt were sewed in my mind about the soul , another key tenet of Christianity .
As these doubts began to take root , I began decompartmentalizing my knowledge .
I took my “ religious knowledge , ” which had already proven suspect , and began to compare it to my science knowledge in a very broad way .
I looked at my “ knowledge ” of Jesus ’ resurrection after 62 hours as a corpse [ assuming a Thursday crucifixion ] .
Upon basic study of human decomposition patterns ( especially with respect to brain death ) , I quickly realized such was wholly impossible .
I compared the Noah ’s Ark story to basic logic , and soon realized it , too , was beyond the realm of possibility .
I briefly considered the “ It was a miracle ” explanation , and found it to be bankrupt .
For , the notion of a “ miracle ” also is suspect , as I have yet to see a truly credible claim for one .
There are many , many hoaxes and frauds , but no convincing , documented miracles .
Dr. Carl Sagan has said that extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence .
As I looked at extraordinary claims such as Jesus ’ resurrection , I saw that Christianity was in fact supporting extraordinary claims with yet more extraordinary claims ( i.e. , supporting the resurrection with the fatuous claim of “ miracles ” ) .
I became increasingly convinced that natural laws are absolute .
If something is , according to the laws of nature , impossible — it is flat out impossible .
The laws of nature do not cease to be in order to wave through the occasional miracle .
Speaking a moment ago about extraordinary claims , my inquisitive mind now arrived at the most extraordinary assertion of them all : God .
Looking at things from my newfound rational , scientific perspective , I asked myself if I had ever seen any positive evidence for the Christian God .
I quickly realized I had not .
I then asked myself if I had ever seen any positive evidence for any God .
I , again , realized very quickly I had not .
I then considered the logical plausibility of the God with whom I had grown up .
I considered God ’s defining characteristics : omniscience , omnipotence , omnibenevolence .
Then I thought about Ted Bundy .
If God were omniscient , he knew Ted Bundy would become a serial killer .
If God were omnipotent , he could create Ted Bundy any way he wanted .
If God were omnibenevolent , he would create Ted Bundy as a decent human , since no omnibenevolent entity would damn his own creation to Hell .
For , such would be analogous to a toymaker knowingly making a faulty toy and then blaming the toy for being faulty .
All these swirling thoughts were pushing me awfully close to atheism .
But still , the word had a negative connotation in my mind .
I wondered , were n’t most intelligent people believers ?
Surely , intelligent folks must have some very good reasons to accept a claim as extraordinary as God .
As I studied the reasons for belief , I came across one quite a few times : the beauty of nature .
The following is a quote from " Atheist Universe , " by David Mills :
During John Glenn ’s second trip into space — aboard the Space Shuttle — he looked down at the Earth and said that the beauty he witnessed proved God ’s existence .
‘ There must truly be a Creator , ’ said Glenn , as he gazed out the window at the blue , cloud - covered planet below .
...
But I also recall vividly that , at the very moment Glenn uttered his oft - repeated words about a Creator , the Shuttle was flying over Central America , where Hurricane Mitch had just destroyed the infrastructures of five entire nations .
Thousands of people had just been killed and hundreds of thousands left homeless .
Government officials calculated that it would take 30 years to rebuild .
I thought about natural disasters , famine , disease , genocide , prejudice , hatred , violence and crime .
I wondered if this world , occasionally beautiful and occasionally infested with evil , really could be considered evidence for the Christian God .
I asked myself if these results truly could be credited to an entity that is all - knowing , all - powerful and all - good .
I answered , “ No . ” I wondered if any other deity , from Zeus on down , was any more likely .
Once again , lacking a shred of positive evidence for any , I answered , “ No . ” I came to conclude that accepting any evidence - lacking religion over any other evidence - lacking religion was an exercise in silliness .
On the contrary , instead of accepting one and rejecting all others , I decided to reject them all .
And I found myself in good company .
Just as one example , a survey of National Academy of Science scientists revealed that only 7 % believe in a personal God .
While 20.8 % are agnostic , a full 72.2 % are outright atheists .
It should be noted that NAS is the most prestigious scientific organization in the United States .
Subsequent classes in philosophy and science hardened my stance , transforming me into the strong atheist I am today .
Before wrapping this discussion up , I just want to touch on how becoming an atheist has changed my life , and my future .
I have discarded most of the material remnants of my Christianity .
The crucifix that used to hang above my bed and the communion / confirmation trinkets that used to adorn my desk have been thrown away .
I kept a cross necklace I received as a gift , but certainly it never will hang upon my neck again .
My family knows of my deconversion and , while I would not say they are giddy over it , they abide peaceably .
I deplore religion as a pernicious influence on my species , and so have decided that I only could have a successful long - term relationship with a fellow atheist .
A large part of that has to do with my views on marriage and child rearing .
I absolutely refuse to be married in a church setting .
For , doing so would be a betrayal of my philosophical objection to fictional - character worship .
I refuse to raise my hypothetical children as Christians , and so will refuse to have them baptized , attend CCD , or have communion or confirmation .
Certainly , I will allow them to become Christian if they so choose , but I never would be willing to start them on that road to nowhere .
So , that is my deconversion story .
Perhaps , if I am fortunate , this story will sew the seeds of doubt into a mind or two .
Readers , please ask yourselves : Based upon what hard , scientific evidence do I accept God ?
Then ask yourselves :
Is my belief rational ?
Do not be afraid of the answer .
When a court - appointed special master last year rejected the claim of an Alabama couple that their daughter had suffered seizures after a vaccination , she explained her decision in part by referring to material from articles in Wikipedia , the collaborative online encyclopedia .
The reaction from the court above her , the United States Court of Federal Claims , was direct : the materials “ culled from the Internet do not — at least on their face — meet ” standards of reliability .
The court reversed her decision .
Oddly , to cite the “ pervasive , and for our purposes , disturbing series of disclaimers ” concerning the site ’s accuracy , the same Court of Federal Claims relied on an article called “ Researching With Wikipedia ” found — where else ? — on Wikipedia .
( The family has reached a settlement , their lawyer said . )
A simple search of published court decisions shows that Wikipedia is frequently cited by judges around the country , involving serious issues and the bizarre — such as a 2005 tax case before the Tennessee Court of Appeals concerning the definition of “ beverage ” that involved hundreds of thousands of dollars , and , just this week , a case in Federal District Court in Florida that involved the term “ booty music ” as played during a wet T - shirt contest .
John Walker , a freelance gaming journalist in the UK , wrote in his blog today about his experiences giving up coffee — on doctor ’s orders to relieve anxiety symptoms : bothererblog » Diary Of A Coffee Addict .
I commented in his blog about my own experiences of giving up all caffeine for a couple of years back in 2000 .
Clearly , from the looks of CoffeeRatings.com , I have been what you might call “ off the wagon ” ( or is that “ off the Swiss water ” ? ) for years now .
But because the story is relevant enough , I felt it worth repeating here — with a bit of my own personal coffee history .
Not trying to sound like this month ’s Barista Magazine interview with David Schomer , my first memories of drinking coffee go back to when I was about eight - years - old during the 1970s .
This was in an era when corporate America was not yet savvy enough to squeeze every penny of profit out of customers .
Retailers , from the local A&P to the neighborhood savings & loan , frequently offered free coffee to their customers .
( Contrast with today , where a recent trip to BMW of San Francisco revealed that even a potential $ 40,000 car buyer must carry quarters to pay for their own cup of coffee . )
From then on , I had coffee off and on , but I still did n’t quite buy into the adult mystique of it .
Then in 1989 , while living and working in Maryland , I visited U.C. Berkeley as a potential grad student .
I was easily impressed when a professor nonchalantly invited me to talk shop over a cappuccino ( “ heard about them , never had one ” ) from one of the many espresso kiosks along Bancroft Way .
It was coffee like I never had before ; though by today ’s standards , Starbucks was likely a step up .
That year , I moved to California to start graduate school at a joint Berkeley - UCSF program .
And although it was n’t the West Coast espresso that brought me here , it was occasionally a nice convenience compared with the one - dimensional coffee served in much of the rest of the country at the time .
From Addict to Recovering Addict
It slowly evolved into a regular habit , with my awareness of better coffee growing over time .
But after several years of being a daily drinker of good coffee , drip as well as the occasional espresso , some evil voice of a modern temperance movement got into my head .
Noticing the caffeine headaches I would get if I went a day without coffee , I started to think that giving up the stuff — and all caffeine for that matter — might be personally purifying and a healthier alternative .
( Of course , I am also a former vegetarian who gave up meat for a couple of years during grad school , so perhaps there ’s a pattern in this . )
Then in early 2000 , I stumbled upon the most convenient timing : I decided to quit caffeine the day I scheduled my elective sinus surgery .
Oh sure , I would have a massive pounding headache for a while .
But would I really notice the difference between that and having my sinuses packed with gauze during my recovery ?
My doc even prescribed all the Vicodin I would ever need to get through it .
( Not that I was worried about going down the road of a Brett Favre or Rush Limbaugh , but I ’m a bit of a masochist who prefers to endure the pain unless I really need the meds .
And on the theme of personal purification , ultimately I took none of it . )
I was coffee - free for the longest time ; I missed the flavor , but not immensely .
And while the purification thing seemed like a nice purge , it truly had little effect on my quality of life .
The caffeine never had much effect on me , other than my withdrawl headache symptoms ; I could always down a couple of double - espressos an hour before bed and still sleep like it was a glass of milk .
Unfortunately , I believe some people are genetically / biologically predisposed to heightened chemical sensitivity to caffeine — not unlike the way some people can fall violently ill with just the smell of perfume .
“ Again , can someone explain to me why this was a good idea ? ”
Then came a 2002 return trip to Italy , and , as with my prior vegetarianism stint , the whole denial thing suddenly seemed absurd .
And while Italian espresso suffers from a sort of sameness , their baseline was ( is ) so far and away better than the U.S. baseline , I revelled in the convenience of being able to go anywhere and have good espresso .
I decided then that I was born to be a coffee drinker , and I was only betraying my true nature as a human being .
Who am I to defy God ’s gift of my caffeine insensitivity ?
Of course , the rest is history .
A familiar story to anyone who has caught the good coffee disease , my death spiral into the pursuit of better and better coffee only accelerated .
Italy was my gateway drug to the hard stuff of home espresso , home roasting , and cries for help that lead to CoffeeRatings.com .
In the end , the caffeine angle is an amusing one — given that espresso , my coffee beverage of choice , is one of your better options .
Culturally , at least in America , we errantly behold espresso as if it were an intravenous drip of pure caffeine .
Writers and editors constantly riff on espresso as a euphemism for the most potent infusion of caffeine your veins can handle .
Pulling an all - nighter ?
Six cups of coffee wo n’t do , but six espressos will keep you awake from now until Christ ’s second coming .
( For example , last year , San Francisco magazine even resorted to calling me a “ caffeinista ” . )
Yet if made properly — i.e. , without all the water - soluble muck that comes tumbling out into your typical over - extracted American espresso — it has less caffeine than your average drip coffee .
Tweet
3 Comments »
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2007 April 13
Seven Dusty Sisters
Credit : NASA , JPL - Caltech , J. Stauffer ( SSC , Caltech )
Explanation : Hurtling through a cosmic dust cloud a mere 400 light - years away , the lovely Pleiades or Seven Sisters star cluster is well - known in astronomical images for its striking blue reflection nebulae .
At visible wavelengths , the starlight is scattered and reflected by the dust , but in this portrait in infrared light by the Spitzer Space Telescope , the dust itself glows .
The false color image spans about 1 degree or seven light - years at the distance of the Pleiades , with the densest regions of the dust cloud shown in yellow and red hues .
Exploring this young , nearby cluster , the Spitzer data have revealed many cool , low mass stars , brown dwarfs or failed stars , and possible planetary debris disks .
Want to see the Pleiades tonight ?
Look near Venus , the brilliant evening star in the west just after sunset .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Back in April we noted that John McCain had been too busy straight - talking on the campaign trail to vote on important legislation on Iraq .
Turns out — and this is kind of insane — McCain has n’t voted since .
Yeah , that ’s right .
McCain has gone five straight weeks without casting a vote in the Senate — he ’s missed 43 straight votes .
If he misses the next three votes , he ’ll have been absent for 50 percent of the votes in the 110th Congress .
And this is n’t an inevitable product of running for president .
Hillary Clinton has missed just 1.8 percent of the votes this year and Barack Obama has missed 6.4 percent .
What makes this all the more remarkable is that McCain is the only candidate in Congress who has done this before .
He ran for president in 2000 !
He should know how to do it without looking like an idiot with an absentee problem .
What on earth must the people of Arizona think ?
Lord knows we are n’t huge McCain fans around here , but good heavens John , you ’re better than this .
Archives July ( 1 ) February ( 1 ) January ( 2 ) November ( 1 ) August ( 1 ) April ( 1 ) February ( 1 ) January ( 2 ) November ( 1 ) July ( 4 ) May ( 3 ) April ( 2 ) February ( 2 ) January ( 4 ) December ( 1 ) November ( 2 ) September ( 2 ) July ( 5 ) May ( 2 ) April ( 1 ) March ( 2 ) February ( 1 ) January ( 2 ) December ( 2 ) November ( 2 ) October ( 3 ) August ( 1 ) July ( 3 ) March ( 9 ) February ( 2 ) January ( 3 ) December ( 1 ) November ( 4 ) October ( 8 ) September ( 5 ) August ( 6 ) July ( 9 ) June ( 9 ) May ( 8 ) April ( 8 ) March ( 6 ) February ( 3 ) January ( 5 ) December ( 4 ) November ( 7 ) October ( 12 ) September ( 14 ) August ( 15 ) July ( 20 ) June ( 19 ) May ( 27 ) April ( 26 ) March ( 19 ) February ( 22 ) January ( 20 ) December ( 19 ) November ( 20 ) October ( 17 ) September ( 19 ) August ( 16 ) July ( 19 ) June ( 15 ) May ( 19 ) April ( 16 ) March ( 22 ) February ( 19 ) January ( 16 ) December ( 26 ) November ( 21 ) October ( 24 ) September ( 19 ) August ( 14 ) July ( 22 ) June ( 32 ) May ( 20 ) April ( 22 ) March ( 22 ) February ( 17 ) January ( 23 ) December ( 28 ) November ( 25 ) October ( 30 ) September ( 26 ) August ( 24 ) July ( 23 ) June ( 19 ) May ( 21 ) April ( 20 ) March ( 19 ) February ( 18 ) January ( 19 ) December ( 20 ) November ( 20 ) October ( 28 ) September ( 27 ) August ( 26 ) July ( 30 ) June ( 26 ) May ( 29 ) April ( 30 ) March ( 30 ) February ( 26 ) January ( 31 ) December ( 29 ) November ( 23 ) October ( 29 ) September ( 24 ) August ( 20 ) July ( 24 ) June ( 26 ) May ( 36 ) April ( 37 ) March ( 37 ) February ( 37 ) January ( 44 ) December ( 26 ) November ( 4 ) October ( 11 )
Fedora 7
From : Bill Nottingham < notting redhat com >
To : fedora - devel - list redhat com
Subject : Fedora 7
Date : Thu , 4 Jan 2007 14:50:32 - 0500
It 's time to bite the bullet .
There will be no more releases of Fedora Core or Fedora Extras .
Wait !
Where are you going ?
Come back !
I 'm serious .
We 've talked all along about how there should be no differences in how packages are treated whether they are in Core , or they are in Extras ; no differences depending on who maintains the package .
The best solution to this ?
Eliminate the distinction between Core and Extras entirely .
Starting with Fedora 7 , there is no more Core , and no more Extras ; there is only Fedora .
One single repository , built in the community on open source tools , assembled into whatever spins the Fedora community desires .
Are we there yet right now ?
No .
There 's a lot of work to be done , and we 're looking for help .
What 's left of the Core Steering Committee is going to work with the Fedora Board and FESCO to figure out just how this new combined repository is going to be governed and managed .
In the meantime , just because we 're not going to have a release of Core or Extras does n't mean we 're not going to have a release .
Hence , Fedora 7 .
Name TBD , but probably not ' Bride of Zod ' .
http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Releases/7
The current schedule is : 23 January 2007 | F7 Test1 development freeze 30 January 2007 | F7 Test1 Release 20 February 2007 | F7 FEATURE Freeze | F7 string freeze | F7 Test2 development freeze 27 February 2007 | F7 Test2 release 19 March 2007 | F7 translation freeze | F7 Test3 development freeze 26 March 2007 | F7 Test3 release ... Continual freeze .
Only critical bugs fixed ... 5 April 2007 | Final devel freeze .
26 April 2007 | F7 General Availability
And , what would a release be without features .
We 've identified 28 features that we'd like to include in the release , available at http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Releases/7/Features: - Modify the build system to support this new paradigm - Merge Core and Extras in source control - Use the new pungi tool to spin all releases - A Fedora Desktop spin - A Fedora Server spin - A Fedora KDE spin - Make LiveCDs as a part of the distribution release process - Ability to customize non-packaging distrubution parameters - Switch to libata drivers for PATA support - Speedup of bootup and shutdown - Make wireless rock - solid - Add wireless firmware for all the chipsets we can - CodecBuddy - Fixing the proliferation of dictionary packages - Support encrypted filesystems -
Fast user switching in the desktop - Fix the firewire stack - Switch to a tickless kernel by default - Fix unnecessary wakeups across the distribution - Add KVM virtualization support to our tools - Investigate ( but probably do n't switch to ) new init technologies - Add the nouveau drivers for nVidia cards - Speed up Yum and RPM - Add support for RandR 1.2 - Switch to syslog - ng - Make the update system useable by all More information on each of these features is available on the wiki , including responsible people and plans .
If you 'd like to chip in on these features , please , do !
If you 've got new features you 'd like to add , and you are willing to do the work , or have the ability to get others to do the work for you , we can add them too .
Note that Test2 is the feature freeze .
Here 's to making Fedora 7 the best release yet !
Bill
A Los Gatos woman was slapped Friday with a five - year prison sentence for her role in stretching a rope across a Santa Cruz mountain road and nearly decapitating an unsuspecting motorcyclist .
With her manacled hands clasped in front of her , a sobbing Donna Mae Olsen , 47 , turned to the courtroom gallery and addressed Robert Barnes , the victim as well as her Loma Chiquita Road neighbor , saying , “ I ’m very sorry ” to him and his family .
Olsen and co-defendant Donald Bruce Bryant , 63 , were convicted in December by a Superior Court jury on two counts each of assault with a deadly weapon .
A third defendant , Edward S. Anderson , 49 , Olsen ’s common - law husband , was acquitted .
Both Anderson and Bryant testified during the trial .
Bryant ’s sentencing was postponed because his attorney , Anthony Pagkas , is preparing a motion seeking a new trial .
Olsen did not testify at her trial .
She had apparently tried to strike a deal in exchange for her testimony but prosecutors did not respond , according to accounts in court Friday .
Olsen has been in jail since her May 15 , 2006 , arrest .
Previous convictions
In handing down the maximum sentence , Judge Paul Bernal cited Olsen ’s two previous felony convictions for drug possession and noted she was still on probation when she was arrested in May .
“ She got what she deserved , ” Barnes said .
“ It could have been a little longer , I think . ”
Barnes , who managed to remount his motorcycle and ride away for help while bleeding , is recovering from injuries to his face and jaw .
Barnes , who endured more than 500 stitches , still requires more plastic surgery and dental implant procedures .
In the aftermath , Barnes filed a lawsuit against Anderson , Bryant and Olsen , alleging negligent infliction of injury .
Meanwhile , Anderson – who lives on Loma Chiquita , about a mile from Barnes – served Barnes with a lawsuit , seeking damages for libel and defamation .
In response to questions raised by Bernal and others , Bryant waived conflict - of - interest concerns , allowing Pagkas to simultaneously represent him in the criminal case and handle Anderson ’s civil action .
Before being sentenced Friday , Olsen offered a rambling apology to Barnes .
At one point , her attorney , Shelyna Brown , quietly counseled her , “ Donna , stick to the facts . ”
Olsen said she was worried about her 4 - year - old daughter ’s safety because of dirt bikers roaring up and down the rural road in front of her home .
She said there had been drinking , and she portrayed the hoisting of the rope as a spontaneous event , an account that prosecutor Leigh Frazier disputes .
“ This took some premeditation and some planning to string up a rope like that , ” Frazier said .
` I ’ll never forget ’
Olsen spoke about how she cut the line down with a scissors after Barnes was injured and how she was filled with remorse after seeing his face “ totally rolled up . ”
“ I remember your eyes , ” she said .
“ I ’ll never forget what you looked like . ”
Facing toward Barnes , who leaned forward in his seat to hear her words , Olsen said “ If I can help you … any way I will . ”
“ You should have turned on Ed , ” shot back Barnes , alluding to her silence during the trial .
After the hearing , Olsen ’s mother , Rosetta Allen , decried the sentence .
“ It ’s terrible , ” Allen said , noting her daughter already has served a year behind bars .
But the prosecutor said the seriousness of the crime could not be overlooked .
“ This could have so easily killed Mr. Barnes , ” Frazier said .
“ Think of how it devastated his life , emotionally and financially , and the face he looks back at every day because of the injuries he had .
It was such a pointless crime .
I ca n’t understand why someone would do something so callous . ”
From today 's NY Times ,
an article
about monetary instability in Venezuela , rising inflation ( see graph above ) and the resulting price controls , and the introduction of a new currency :
Inflation has been climbing rapidly since January when a sharp decline in the black - market value of the bolívar pushed up prices of imported goods .
Since Mr. Chávez moved to nationalize major telephone and electricity companies in January , Venezuelans have rushed to take money out of the country , currency traders say .
That exodus has caused the bolívar to weaken by about 20 percent to a level of 4,000 to the dollar on the black market , placing it among the world ’s worst performing currencies this year .
First , the authorities will remove three zeroes from the denomination of the currency , the bolívar .
Then he said the new bolívar , worth 1,000 old bolívars , would be renamed the “ bolívar fuerte , ” or strong bolívar .
Finally , the central bank said this week that it would reintroduce a 12.5 - cent coin , a symbol of Venezuela ’s prosperity in the 1960s and 1970s before freewheeling oil booms ended in abrupt devaluations , after three decades out of circulation .
