Double Standards on Russia - Kosovo Editor ’s Note : On Tuesday , after Russia recognized the independence of breakaway Georgian provinces , South Ossetia and Abkhazia , President George W. Bush denounced the move as “ irresponsible ” -- and most of the U.S. news media followed with similar outrage .
In much of that U.S. coverage , however , there was little or no reference to the recent parallel case -- when Bush hailed Kosovo ’s declaration of independence from Serbia , a long - time Russian ally .
In this guest essay , J. Victor Marshall of the Independent Institute examines this double standard :
In Russia even more than in America , “ Kosovo ” rhymes with “ I told you so . ”
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly Many Americans do n’t realize that the former Serbian province of Kosovo , which broke away in 1999 after US - led NATO forces bombed Serbia for 78 days , helped set the stage for the recent conflict between Russia and neighboring Georgia .
But Russian leaders , who like most leaders care intensely about what happens at their borders ( Georgia ) and to their longtime allies ( Serbia ) , warned earlier this year that support for Kosovo ’s independence would set a precedent that could trigger separatist conflicts in places like Georgia .
It was a warning that Washington and several of its European allies foolishly , even recklessly , failed to heed .
In negotiations over the final status of Kosovo , which had been under United Nations jurisdiction since 1999 , Serbia promised the province autonomy but not independence .
While many observers questioned Kosovo ’s readiness for independence , given corruption in its civil administration and the murderous campaign of ethnic cleansing waged by Albanian nationalists against Serbs in their midst , Kosovo unilaterally declared its independence on Feb. 17 , 2008 .
Although Kosovo ’s move arguably violated UN Security Council Resolution 1244 , which recognized Serbia ’s ultimate sovereignty , many NATO countries including the United States sided with Kosovo .
“ The Kosovars are now independent , ” declared President Bush .
Humiliated by NATO ’s military intervention in 1999 , Russia now chafed at the political intervention of NATO countries in favor of Kosovo ’s secession , which Russian President Vladimir Putin condemned as “ immoral and illegal . ”
Russian leaders warned that unilateral recognition of Kosovo ’s independence would open a “ Pandora ’s box ” by appearing to support similar claims by other separatist movements in some 200 regions of the world .
The Russian Foreign Ministry declared , “ Those who are considering supporting separatism should understand what dangerous consequences their actions threaten to have for world order , international stability and the authority of the U.N. Security Council 's decisions that took decades to build . ”
Outside of NATO , many countries sided with Russia ’s statement of principles .
Surprisingly , one of the most outspoken was Russia ’s hostile southern neighbor , Georgia .
And the reason was n’t hard for experts to fathom .
As Richard Weitz at the Hudson Institute noted at the time , Russia could seize upon Kosovo as a precedent for fomenting separatist movements in the former Soviet republics , including South Ossetia ’s drive for independence from Georgia in the Caucasus .
Jonathan Eyal , director of international security studies at the Royal United Services Institute , warned similarly , “ if the Kosovo precedent is used , the Russians can also recognise ethnic Russian enclaves in places such as Georgia or Moldova .
What 's good for Kosovo is good for other places as well . ”
Their unheeded warnings have just come to pass , at the expense of thousands of dead and wounded .
Just as NATO justified its intervention in 1999 as a humanitarian defense of Kosovo ’s ethnic Albanians against Serbian atrocities , so Russia said it came to the defense of South Ossetia , which suffered terrible atrocities at Georgian hands in the early 1990s , after Georgian troops shelled its capital earlier this month .
In addition to Kosovo , Russia can justify its intervention on behalf of South Ossetia by pointing to any number of other precedents set by the United States : the Bush administration ’s doctrine of preemption , its invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan , its silence in the face of Israel ’s invasion of Lebanon , and many more .
What difference do all these precedents and broken principles make ?
By selectively turning principles into propagandist slogans for scoring points , the United States no longer occupies the political high ground .
Washington ’s lectures sound like hectoring , not sincere admonitions that could sway international public opinion and restrain Russian actions .
In short , by squandering its moral authority , the United States has unilaterally disarmed itself of “ soft power ” that was once one of our greatest weapons .
And Kosovo was one of the fields upon which the United States laid down its moral arms .
J. Victor Marshall is a research fellow at The Independent Institute .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
The gloves are off on .
But then something weird happens :
He acknowledges the “ energy ” people have been showing at rallies , and how glad he is that people are excited .
But , he says , “ I respect Sen. Obama and his accomplishments . ”
People booed at the mention of his name .
McCain , visibly angry , stopped them : “ I want EVERYONE to be respectful , and lets make sure we are . ” …
And then later , again , someone dangled a great big piece of low - hanging fruit in front of McCain : “ I ’m scared to bring up my child in a world where Barack Obama is president . ”
McCain replies , “ Well , I do n’t want him to be president , either .
I would n’t be running if I did .
But , ” and he pauses for emphasis , “ you do n’t have to be scared to have him be President of the United States . ”
A round of boos …
UPDATE : Indeed , he just snatched the microphone out the hands of a woman who began her question with , “ I ’m scared of Barack Obama … he ’s an Arab terrorist … ”
“ No , no ma’am , ” he interrupted .
“ He ’s a decent family man with whom I happen to have some disagreements . ”
He did the right thing , needless to say , but I ’m not sure how this squares with Palin telling people at fundraisers how many supporters are urging her to take the gloves off .
It all goes back to this morning ’s post : McCain wants to win the election but does n’t seem to have the stomach to get truly nasty , so he compromises by bringing up Ayers but not pressing the issue too much .
Gotta commit one way or another , champ .
As it is , it ’s a sad , strange situation to have one candidate forced to stick up for the other candidate in front of his own audience .
Now that he ’s defended Obama , I think it gives The One cover to call him out on it at the debate on Wednesday in the guise of , “ John , I appreciate you trying to set the record straight on my behalf , but this climate you ’ve created … ” etc etc .
In the meantime , here ’s the only video I ’ve been able to find thus far .
Shuster aired the footage where the woman in the audience calls Obama an Arab a few minutes ago , and McCain really did almost yank the mike out of her hand before she could get going and make it worse .
It ’s not up on MSNBC ’s website yet , but if I see it somewhere , I ’ll update .
Click the image to watch .
Update : Here ’s the CNN video via TPM .
Best I can do on short notice .
Update : Depending on how much press coverage this incident gets this weekend , I wonder if he wo n’t decide to abandon the Ayers stuff altogether .
Update : Cox ’s transcript is wrong , incidentally .
The questioner does n’t call Obama a terrorist .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
House Republicans on Monday objected to new spending measures that congressional Democrats are considering as they draft a $ 150 billion economic stimulus package .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi met with Nobel prize winner Joseph Stiglitz and other economic experts Monday .
In a letter to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , Ohio Rep. John Boehner , the top Republican in the House , called the proposed spending " an irresponsible , business - as - usual approach that has earned this Congress the lowest approval ratings ever recorded . "
A Democratic leadership aide said the stimulus package Democrats were drafting would include " a heavy emphasis on help to state and local governments . "
But in their letter to Pelosi , Boehner wrote , " nothing currently being discussed by the majority as ' stimulus ' will stabilize the economy long - term . "
" Nothing being discussed will ease the uncompetitive nature of our nation 's tax rates .
Nothing being discussed will bring a single dollar of private capital into our markets , which would help stabilize and restore American families ' savings and retirement accounts .
And nothing being discussed will help small businesses compete and thrive , " Boehner wrote .
Instead , House Republicans proposed a number of measures that , they say , will " turn the corner towards real economic growth , " including :
Removing legal barriers to speed up new offshore oil drilling .
A law banning offshore drilling expired October 1 , but Republican lawmakers say lawsuits could block new offshore rigs and want judges to quickly rule on the cases .
Lowering taxes on income that U.S. corporations earn from their overseas subsidiaries .
Eliminating capital gains taxes on the sale of homes up to $ 500,000 for a couple .
Suspending capital gains taxes on securities purchased during the next two years .
Extending government deposit insurance to business transaction accounts .
Directing the government to guarantee inter - bank loans .
The GOP letter was released as Pelosi met Monday morning with a group of economists , including Larry Summers , a treasury secretary in the Clinton administration , and Nobel Prize - winning economist Joseph Stiglitz .
After meeting with the economists , Pelosi , a California Democrat , said the goals of the stimulus package would be " to provide relief for the middle class , to encourage consumer confidence and to have regulatory reform by re-writing the rules for financial institutions . "
Congress passed a $ 170 billion stimulus package in February after the economy showed signs of weakening .
That package included a measure that sent a stimulus check of up to $ 600 to taxpayers who made less than $ 75,000 a year .
The checks were mailed out this summer .
The stimulus package the Democrats are now working on would work differently :
It could provide states with funds to cover mandatory Medicaid spending , which would help state governments avoid cuts to education and other programs , Democratic leadership aides said .
The aides also said the stimulus package could provide funds to help states struggling with their own budgets , as well as infrastructure money , an extension of unemployment benefits , food stamps and more money for low - income energy assistance -- all measures that have passed the House before .
Rep. Barney Frank , D - Massachusetts and the chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , said government jobs were one of the few bright spots in the economy .
" The only good sign on jobs for the year has been that state and local governments have been adding jobs , which only mildly offset the great loss in the private sector , " Frank said .
" If we do not go to the aid of state and local governments now , they will now become an added factor to the job loss rather than something of a mitigating factor . "
The stimulus package would be separate from the $ 700 billion bailout package passed by Congress this month to help solve the credit crisis in the financial sector that has disrupted credit markets worldwide .
A Senate Republican leadership aide on Friday said Senate Republicans are skeptical of a second stimulus but did not suggest there is outright opposition to one .
CNN 's Deirdre Walsh and Scott J. Anderson contributed to this report .
All About Economic Issues • U.S. House of Representatives
The following image was used by my friend Charles Goyette whose talk show I was on every Wednesday for several months .
Charles left for personal reasons and I miss him .
Rumor has it he is working on a new deal and I certainly wish him the best of luck .
The above image is from STOP THE $ 700 BILLION SWINDLE !
The article is about our efforts to kill the Paulson Plan .
It appeared about a week ago .
You have to scroll down to see it .
I was reminded of it when " Andrew " emailed me just a bit ago asking me to post a link .
I will do so gladly and also add a link on the left sidebar pointing to Charles ' Blog .
Andrew Writes :
Suggested Fax Text
That Giant Sucking Sound
Stop The Largest Tax Increase In History
Paulson Proposal Will Bail Out Foreign Investors
Rep. Brad Sherman , D California
Larry Kudlow :
Rep. Brad Sherman :
The actions of Treasury Secretary Paulson go far beyond disgusting , to outright betrayal of US citizens .
What Would $ 700 Billion Buy ?
$ 700 billion would buy 23 of 24 banks in the KBW Bank Index
At yesterday 's prices , the government could buy 23 of the 24 banks in the KBW Bank Index , including Bank of America Corp. and Wells Fargo & Co .
And it still would have money left to buy a stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. , the largest company in the index .
Infusing capital directly , though , was too simple for Paulson .
It lacked subterfuge .
He decided the way to save the financial system from the evils of structured finance was through more structured finance .
In short , Paulson 's plan was one part robbery ( with the banks doing the robbing ) and one part accounting sleight of hand .
No wonder House members rejected it .
Such simplicity might feel unnatural to someone like Paulson , who used to run Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , or a congressman such as Barney Frank who depends on campaign checks from bankers like an infant needs mother 's milk .
Barney Frank and Nancy Pelosi Beholden To Special Interests
What Congress must remember is that Americans do n't exist at the pleasure of the country 's banks .
It 's supposed to be the other way around .
There 's still time for the politicians to come up with a rescue plan that will work .
The important part is making sure you and I get something of value in return for our money .
Senate Hypocrites
Paulson Bill Is A Disgrace
This bill is so full of holes and toothless provisions it is a disgrace .
Paulson Bill Creates No Jobs
Th
Amazing Authority To The Treasury
If you vote for this Bailout Bill I will vote against you .
It ’s been 82 years since the death of Eugene Debs , and while socialism has finally arrived in the United States  in the costume of a giant Wall Street bailout  you would n’t know it from a visit to the office of the Socialist Party USA .
Tucked in a musty wooden cubby in a building one block north of Houston Street , the party ’s national office is a voluble and strident little place , a lecture hall of sorts , where the lectures  some might call them propaganda  have been thumbtacked to the walls .
“ Feed the Poor ! ” they say .
Or “ Eat the Rich ! ” Or “ Do n’t Trust Corporate Media ! ”
Like an older cousin from your childhood , the room itself is forever giving advice .
Much of that advice these days concerns the bailout , which the party has opposed in a series of elaborate communiqués that advocate a federal tax on millionaires and the eventual abolition of all financial markets .
It ’s a far cry from the government ’s plan to introduce a whiff of Soviet - style command into the capitalist economy  a juxtaposition that the Socialists find absurd .
This is a true story that I was told by my father .
It has inspired athletes , filmmakers , children , and sports fans around the world — but most of all it inspired a nation .
In 1942 during the height of World War II , the German army steamrolled across Europe .
War was waged on many fronts .
France , Britain , Northern Africa were all close to falling to German rule .
But Hitler wanted to prove he was the greatest military general of all time , so he focused attentions towards Russia .
As the Nazi forces swept through Eastern Europe on their conquest they eventually came to the Ukraine .
Wehrmacht forces crushed any resistance , while the Luftwaffe bombed from above .
The Germans rolled into the city of Kiev with little or no resistance .
All the citizens were rounded up and forced to listen to the German military decree themselves their new rulers .
It was here that Major General Eberhardt decided that the population were too great to police and he decided on a plan to placate the people of Kiev .
His idea was to stage a football match between a German team and Ukranian Champions Dynamo Kiev .
During the occupation , the Kiev team had been rounded up by a soccer mad Wehrmacht officer and he had decided to spare their lives when all other citizens of a certain public stature were being executed .
During this first match things did not go as Eberhardt had planned .
And despite not having trained for many months because of the war the Ukranians skill shone through .
Kiev led 1 - 0 at half time , and received a half time speech from Eberhardt telling them they would be executed if they did not lose .
Kiev went out to the second half and buoyed by a stadium full of Ukranians they went on to win 4 - 1 .
Nobody was executed but news of this defeat had reached Eberhardt 's superiors .
They insisted on a re-match .
The Kiev players were banned from training and their rations reduced .
And five days later they took to the field against a stronger Nazi select team .
Kiev again were threatened with execution , but they paid it no heed and recorded a resounding 6 - 0 victory .
Under extreme pressure , Eberhardt brought in a professional team from Hungary , MSG Wal .
As they were Nazi sympathisers they had continued their professional training throughout the war .
They were brought to Kiev to restore Nazi pride and to put the Kiev team where they belonged .
This was a malnourished untrained Kiev team 's third match in seven days .
And this time it was against a professional outfit .
Undaunted by what faced them , Kiev won 5 - 1 and then 3 - 2 five days later .
The Kiev players knew they had to win every match because their lives depended on it .
They knew that the arrogant Wehrmacht officers would want to win the match and not make martyrs of the players .
So this time unbeaten German team Flakelf were brought in to restore pride .
On August 6th 1942 , Dynamo Kiev took to the field against the unbeaten Luftwaffe team of Flakelf .
The match was played in front of a stadium of entirely German soldiers .
No Ukranians were allowed to even be near the stadium on the day .
The Dynamo Kiev players were warned before the match .
Lose and they would be spared .
Win and face execution .
Kiev won 3 - 2 .
As the winning goal went in , members of the SS in parts of the stadium began taking potshots at the Kiev players .
After the game Kiev waited in the dressing room accepting their fate .
But Eberhardt did not come in .
Instead a Gestapo officer informed them they would be given one more chance to lose .
A match had been arranged for four days time against another German team , Rukh .
Kiev went into this match knowing it would be their last .
Win or lose .
National pride was at stake and they knew that they could inspire the Ukranian people to face this occupation with their heads held high .
Dynamo Kiev played the match of their lives .
They won 8 - 0 .
After the match they were rounded up by the Gestapo .
Some were tortured .
Some were executed .
Some were sent to concentration camps .
None survived .
Kiev had inspired when others would have wilted .
A statue dedicated to the Kiev team of 1942 stands in Kiev today .
Solar - Powered Rickshaw Unveiled in India
October 17th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
If you walk down the streets of Delhi , India , you ’ll probably notice the multitude of pedal - driven rickshaws .
And while some may protest that the rickshaws — mostly driven by migrants from poor Indian states — are uncivilized , the new Soleckshaw could make rickshaws palatable even to human rights activists .
The Soleckshaw , which is currently being tested in Old Delhi , can either be pedaled or run off of a 36 - volt battery that is charged every 45 miles from a solar charging station .
The prototype is n’t too shabby , either — it seats three and has electric lights , an FM radio , four mobile phone chargers , and can travel at 12 and a half miles per hour .
Additionally , it can go uphill .
But there ’s a catch — the Soleckshaw costs 22,000 rupees compared to 8,500 for a traditional rickshaw .
The Indian government plans to alleviate the monetary issue for drivers by guaranteeing loans so that they can eventually buy their own vehicles .
The government also still needs to work out the minor details of who pays for the solar charging stations and whether drivers will pay for the electricity .
But whatever the outcome of these decisions , the Soleckshaw will make a practice that does n’t appear to be going anywhere much more humane .
Photo Credit : The UK Times Online
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
About the Author Ariel Schwartz was formerly the editor of CleanTechnica and is a senior editor at Co. Exist .
She has contributed to SF Weekly , Popular Science , Inhabitat , Greenbiz , NBC Bay Area , GOOD Magazine , and more .
A graduate of Vassar College , she has previously worked in publishing , organic farming , documentary film , and newspaper journalism .
Her interests include permaculture , hiking , skiing , music , relocalization , and cob ( the building material ) .
She currently resides in San Francisco , CA .
STOCKHOLM , Aug 11 ( Reuters ) - Swedish Foreign Minister Carl Bildt left for Georgia on Monday to push for an end to an armed conflict there after Russian troops pushed into two separatist regions of the country .
Bildt , also chairman of the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe , said Georgia 's territorial integrity and sovereignty must be respected .
" I urge once again all parties to immediately enter into a ceasefire , " Bildt said in a statement .
" The peaceful solution of conflicts is a general principle of the Council of Europe .
Both Georgia and the Russian Federation have committed themselves , when they joined the organisation , to settle all conflicts by peaceful means . "
A foreign ministry spokesman said Bildt , a seasoned negotiator who was the United Nation 's Special Envoy in the Balkans , would arrive in Georgia later on Monday .
Bildt , in a statement on Saturday , said Russia 's claim to be protecting its citizens in the regions did not justify military action in Georgia .
He drew comparisons with former Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic and with Adolf Hitler .
" We did not accept military intervention by Milosevic 's Serbia in other former Yugoslav states on the grounds of protecting Serbian passport holders , " Bildt said .
" And we have reason to remember how Hitler used this very doctrine little more than half a century ago to undermine and attack substantial parts of central Europe . "
I am totally fascinated and intrigued by lifestyle projects –you know , when someone radically changes their lifestyle for a set amount of time to make a point about something we might take for granted .
I loved Morgan Spurlock ’s Super - Size Me and 30 Days .
I obsessively read No - Impact Man. Now , Kerri and Chris , two social justice teachers in California , are creating their own month - long experiment : eating for only a dollar a day .
Inspired by exploring ideas about food justice , food choice , consumerism , and waste , the two set on on September 1st to eat on a dollar a day each for the entire month .
Honestly , the thought of doing this brings to mind a spartan existence .
Could they even do this without a fully - stocked pantry or fully - flourishing garden ?
But people do it , all over the world .
How far could creativity and resourcefulness go ?
What limitations would they set for themselves ?
And would they be able to keep to their own guidelines ?
To me , one of the most difficult challenges would be food in social settings .
Going out to dinner , or eating at friends ’ houses , or even a day at the office presents food as a treat , a reason to celebrate .
Food permeates much of what we do .
How would this experiment impact their lives ?
Kerri and Christopher set out these rules :
All food consumed each day must total $ 1 each .
They can not accept free food or “ donated ” food unless it is available for everyone in our area .
( i.e. foraging , samples in stores , dumpster diving )
Any food they plant , they pay for .
They will do our best to cook a variety of meals ; ramen noodles can only be prepared if there is no other way to stay under one dollar .
( They have six packages and will buy no more )
Should they decide to have guests over for dinner they must eat from their share ; meaning they do n’t get to eat their own dollar ’s worth of food .
Since today is the halfway point of the project , I perused their menus to see not only what they were eating , but how they were feeling .
The two are keeping to a vegan diet , which is not surprising , given the relative bank - breaking cost of meat and other animal products .
Their breakfasts and lunches seem quite repetitive–oatmeal and PB&J ’s , respectively .
During dinner , they are able to get a little more creative : bean , rice , and potato burritos , cheese - less pizza , polenta with marinara sauce , and homemade wheat gluten “ steak ” strips with rice and broccoli all have made appearances .
Popcorn or peanut butter are snacks .
Kerri and Christopher have been brutally honest and transparent when it comes to the struggles of the project .
They ’ve been hungry , and the experiment has impacted their consciousness and how often they think about food .
They ’ve also had to navigate frustrations with gray areas : can they accept “ free ” food in social settings ?
What constitutes “ free ” food ?
They ’ve lost weight faster than they probably should .
But their experiment raises important questions about Americans ’ relationship with food , as individuals and as a country .
With food in abundance , with so much food going to waste , how are others going hungry , both here and abroad ?
Check out One Dollar Diet to see Kerri and Christopher ’s progress .
They are accepting donations for both the Community Resource Center in Encinitas , CA , and the ONE campaign in honor of the project .
Related Posts
Senators McCain and Obama — and every President since Richard Nixon — have argued that energy independence should be at the core of national energy policy .
Energy independence typically is defined as zero reliance on energy imports .
The underlying assumption is that relying on “ unfriendly ” Middle East nations for energy is bad for our economic and national security .
The argument for energy independence is flawed for economic , strategic , and environmental reasons :
1. “ Unfriendly ” nations are not our primary source of oil .
Only 44 % of U.S. oil imports are from members of OPEC , the international oil cartel that is dominated by Middle East producers .
Canada and Mexico are the two largest single sources for imported oil in 2007 .
( Editors note : through 6/08 , Mexico has dropped to # 3 , though this changes seasonally and may revert in 2nd half of year )
2 . The U.S. oil resource base is depleted to the extent that it could not yield the roughly 3.7 billion barrels of oil the U.S imported in 2007 ( not to mention the additional refined products imported ) .
Domestic oil is far more expensive to produce than oil in most other regions , especially OPEC nations .
Increased reliance on domestic oil will put upward pressure on oil prices .
3. Increased U.S. production would have little impact on the level or volatility of oil prices .
The price of oil is determined in a global market by a complex array of forces including speculation , weather , geopolitics , decisions by OPEC , and most importantly , by market fundamentals -- short and long run supply and demand forces .
At the margin , producing decisions made in the U.S. have little influence on this process .
4. Global price determination also means that energy independence wo n't protect our economy from supply disruptions abroad .
A refinery strike in Venezuela , civil war in the Niger Delta , and other similar events could quickly reduce oil production .
Oil instantly becomes more expensive everywhere -- the UK , Japan , China , and the U.S. all pay pretty much the same price .
5 . The sensitivity of our economic well being to changes in the price of oil stems from the overriding importance of oil to human existence , not to our dependence on imported oil per se .
A nation can reduce its economic vulnerability to oil price increases only by using less oil in total , regardless of whether it is produced domestically or imported .
6 . Oil imports are a hedge against domestic supply disruptions .
For example , the hurricanes of 2005 that damaged New Orleans and other Gulf Coast communities also damaged refineries , causing an immediate gasoline shortage in a number of southern U.S. cities .
But increased imports of gasoline from Venezuela and other nations offset the loss of domestic supply , and thereby helped mitigate the increase the price of gasoline .
7 . The costs of substitutes for oil ( ethanol , electric cars , fuel cell propulsion ) are more expensive than oil , and will be for at least the next decade .
Forcing a transition to these fuels now will raise costs and prices .
Many substitutes also carry a significant environmental cost .
8. The U.S. cannot wall itself off from the international energy market .
We import oil from Venezuela , electricity and natural gas from Canada , and wind turbines from Denmark .
We export coal to the Netherlands , motor gasoline to Mexico and photovoltaic modules to China .
The nation benefits from energy trade .
For example , weak European natural gas demand in 2007 released additional LNG to the global market , and thus helped keep U.S. natural gas prices at a record low compared to fuel oil .
Cutting ourselves out of the increasingly interconnected global trade in energy would raise domestic energy prices .
Zero net imports is also impossible to achieve in the foreseeable future .
9 . Energy independence would not significantly reduce the risk of terrorism .
Terrorism thrived when oil was $ 10 per barrel — it does n’t need $ 100 a barrel oil .
Terrorism can be done on the cheap : the 9/11 Commission found that those attacks were accomplished with as little as $ 500,000 .
10 . Energy independence would accelerate climate change .
A push towards independence would inevitably lead to increased reliance on our substantial domestic resources of coal , the most carbon - intensive energy source .
The notion of energy independence is comforting and makes for a great sound bite , but it is not a sound basis for a national energy policy
Professor Cutler Cleveland
Boston University
10/15/2008
The engineers over at Festo have produced an incredible robo - jellyfish they like to call AirJelly , which , unlike its ocean cousins , would rather fly than swim .
The impressive creature is filled with helium and uses two lithium - ion polymer batteries to power its tentacles .
The elegant movements are almost hypnotic .
The AirJelly betters the company ’s earlier robotic manta ray with an appearance that is more life - like and with motions that are more fluid .
The Jelly uses eight spur gears which power eight shafts .
Each one of these shafts activates a crank which then moves the worm - like tentacles .
Truly impressive !
Congrats , guys .
Sources :
Airshipworld and Festo ( translated )
Via : DangerRoom
The criminal justice system can be terrifying for those caught on the wrong side of the law , but the best way to come to terms with the justice system is to understand it .
Find the answers to your criminal law questions here .
These people were nuts back then .
I guess that 's what you do when you do n't have TV or internets .
DETROIT seems to be where Wall Street meets Main Street .
Tight credit is reckoned to have cost the American carmakers 40,000 sales in August , worth about $ 1 billion in revenue .
The impact has been felt most by America 's Big Three — General Motors , Ford and Chrysler — which have suffered this year as consumers shunned gas - guzzlers in favour of the smaller cars mostly made by Japanese firms in American factories .
Overall light - vehicle sales hit a 15 - year low in September , with a fall of 27 % compared with a year earlier .
The problem is finance .
“ We have plenty of customers — what we do n't have is financing available to meet their needs , ” Mike Jackson , chief executive of AutoNation , a leading car - dealer chain , told CNBC this week .
He reckons that tighter credit and limits on finance for leases have cost his firm a fifth of its sales this year .
The Big Three have been hit by petrol prices pushing towards $ 4 a gallon , by more demanding federal fuel - economy rules and by the credit crunch wrecking consumer finance .
But the federal government came to their aid this week when George Bush signed an energy bill that includes $ 25 billion in loan guarantees to ease their pain .
Supposedly this is to allow the Big Three to retool their factories to produce more economical vehicles .
David Cole , director of the Centre for Automotive Research , an industry body , estimates that such retooling could cost at least $ 100 billion .
But money is money , so the infusion of cheap credit will help the carmakers pay their bills next year .
“ Given the market position of the Big Three , things will get sticky by mid-2009 , because they have to keep spending on new programmes , ” says Joe Philippi of Auto Trends , a consultancy .
The rules are still being worked out , but the deal means that car companies — blessed with the government guarantee — should get loans with an interest rate of around 5 % rather than the 15 % they would face on the open market in today 's conditions .
The stipulation that the loans are only for firms with factories at least 20 years old rules out nearly all the “ transplant ” factories that foreign carmakers built in America to get around tariff barriers .
And even if some Japanese carmakers do qualify for loans , they are not expected to ask for them .
So a sum that seemed preposterous only a few months ago has won overwhelming approval from politicians .
Compared with the demand for $ 700 billion to underpin the financial system , who can complain about a mere $ 25 billion for carmakers ?
And using government money to keep honest , hardworking car - industry workers in their jobs is easier for politicians to justify than handouts for greedy Wall Street bankers .
The sales - pitch is even more compelling in an election year .
Once industrial subsidies like this begin to flow , it is difficult to stop them .
A recent study by the Cato Institute , a right - wing think - tank , found that the federal government spent some $ 92 billion subsidising business in 2006 alone .
Only $ 21 billion of that went to farmers : much of the rest went to firms such as Boeing , IBM and GE in the form of export - credit support and various research subsidies .
The Big Three are already complaining that it will take too long to dish out the money , and they want the process speeded up .
They also want a further $ 25 billion , possibly attached to the second version of the Wall Street rescue bill .
The logic of bailing out Wall Street is that finance underpins everything .
Detroit cannot begin to make that claim .
But , given its successful lobbying , can it be long before ailing airlines and failing retailers join the queue ?
COOPER : There 's also the question of ruling after this and bringing the country together .
It 's going to be all the more harder to do that whoever wins with all this anger out there .
GERGEN : Yes .
There is this -- I think one of the most striking things we 've seen now in the last few days .
We 've seen it in the Palin rallies .
We saw it at the McCain rally today .
And we saw it to a considerable degree during the rescue package legislation .
There is this free floating sort of whipping around anger that could really lead to some violence .
I think we 're not far from that .
COOPER : Really ?
GERGEN : I think it 's so -- well , I really worry when we get people -- when you get the kind of rhetoric that you 're getting at these rallies now .
I think it 's really imperative that the candidates try to calm people down .
And that 's why I 've argued not only because of the question of the ugliness of it .
Paulson with his ChiCom friends
Both parties in Washington are about to screw us over on an unprecedented scale .
They are threatening us with fiscal apocalypse if we do n’t fork over $ 700 billion to Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and allow him to dole it out to whomever he chooses in whatever amount he chooses — without public input or recourse .
They are rushing like mad to cram this Mother of All Bailouts down our throats in the next 72 - 96 hours .
And right there in the text of the proposal is this naked power grab : “ Decisions by the Secretary pursuant to the authority of this Act are non-reviewable and committed to agency discretion , and may not be reviewed by any court of law or any administrative agency . ”
Stop .
My question for fellow conservatives :
Do you trust this man ?
I do n’t .
Do you trust Hank Paulson ’s judgment ?
I do n’t .
Listen to what he said about the subprime crisis in April 2007 :
U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said … the housing market correction appears to be at or near its bottom and that troubles in the subprime mortgage market will not likely spread throughout the economy .
“ We ’ve clearly had a big correction in the housing market .
Retail housing was growing for some time at a level that was not sustainable , ” Paulson said in a speech to The Committee of 100 , a business group in New York promoting better Chinese relations .
“ I do n’t see ( subprime mortgage market troubles ) imposing a serious problem .
I think it ’s going to be largely contained , ” he added .
Listen to what he said about the subprime crisis in May 2007 :
JIM LEHRER : One final question , and a third subject .
How worried are you about the slump , so - called slump in the housing market in the United States right now ?
And what kind of damage , if any , is it doing to the economy ?
HENRY PAULSON : Well , let me say this .
As you ’ve pointed out , we ’ve had a major housing correction in the U.S.
The U.S. economy had been growing at a rate that was unsustainable and , in housing , it had clearly been growing at a rate for a number of years .
That correction was inevitable ; that correction has now been significant .
We think it is near the bottom .
It will take a while to work its way through the system .
Fortunately for us , we have a very diverse , healthy economy .
There are other things that are positive that are offsetting that .
… So my very strong view is that we are near the bottom and that this will be contained as — the housing will be contained , and we ’re fortunate that we have a diverse , healthy economy .
Listen to what he said about the subprime crisis in August 2007 while on a trip to Beijing ( more on Paulson ’s ChiCom ties in a moment ) :
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said on Wednesday the repricing of credit risk was hitting financial markets , but U.S. subprime mortgage fallout remained largely contained due to the strongest global economy in decades .
Speaking to reporters in Beijing , where he ran into stiff resistance in persuading Chinese officials to let the yuan strengthen more quickly , Paulson said markets were unwinding excesses in U.S. mortgage and leveraged buyout financing .
European and Asian stocks tumbled on Wednesday following a sharp drop in U.S. shares on Tuesday , after American Home Mortgage Investment Corp . said it might have to liquidate assets , fuelling worries over problems in the subprime mortgage market spilling over into other sectors .
“ The market has focused on this .
There ’s a wake - up call , and there ’s an adjustment to this repricing of risk , but I see the underlying economy as being very healthy , ” he told reporters before leaving Beijing .
Paulson added that he did not see anything that caused him to reconsider his view that the economic damage from the housing correction was “ largely contained , ” despite losses in a number of financial institutions and a long period for subprime issues to move through the economy .
Here ’s Paulson in October 2007 assuring us that he had no interest in government bailouts while touting the economy ’s health again :
Paulson : Subprime help needed – but no bailout Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson is walking a fine line , pushing the need to help troubled mortgage borrowers without rewarding past risky behavior .
“ I have no interest in bailing out lenders or property speculators .
Still , we must recognize the very real harms to families affected by the housing downturn , ” Paulson said in prepared remarks for a speech given Tuesday at Georgetown University .
… Although the speech seemed to mark a step up in activism on the part of the Treasury Department , Paulson was quick to point out the limitations of the government ’s approach during the question and answer following the talk .
Referring to HopeNow , he said , “ This is a 100 percent market - based solution .
I believe in markets .
The government is doing nothing here but facilitating people coming together . ”
Paulson also downplayed the possibility that the housing crisis could plunge the nation into recession .
“ I ’ve seen turbulence in the market a number of times and I ca n’t think of any situation where the backdrop of the global economy was as healthy as it is today , ” he said .
And here ’s Paulson in May 2008 declaring the credit crisis on the wane :
The credit crisis that has scorched international financial markets is on the wane but more shocks are ahead , U.S. Secretary Treasury Henry Paulson told the Wall Street Journal in an interview published on Wednesday .
‘ The worst is likely to be behind us , ’ Paulson told the paper , in one of the most optimistic comments by a top U.S. finance official since sub - prime mortgage losses set a domino effect in motion in mid 2007 .
Paulson said it would take ‘ some months longer ’ for the situation to stabilize and cautioned there would likely be further ‘ bumps along the road ’ .
Yeah .
A freaking $ 700 billion bailout bump .
That ’s all .
Guess that little detail just slipped his mind .
ORDER IT NOW
On Sept. 15 , Paulson was patting himself on the back for refusing to “ put taxpayer money on the line ” to rescue Lehman Brothers .
On Sept. 16 , just a day after drawing a line in the bailout sand , Paulson teamed up with the Fed ’s Ben Bernanke to engineer the $ 85 billion federal bailout of AIG .
And on Sept. 19 , he was telling Americans that “ hundreds of billions of dollars ” — their dollars — were needed to “ be big enough to make a real difference and get at the heart of the problem ” and “ stabilize the system . ”
This is on top of the estimated $ 200 billion in capital and credit lines committed by Paulson to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac — capital that he had promised he would n’t be injecting into those two government - sponsored entities in August ( “ We have no plans to insert money into either of those two institutions . ” )
***
Now : Who is Paulson looking out for ?
A quick review of the Treasury Secretary ’s record , political activity , and business priorities makes clear :
He ai n’t looking out for you .
Paulson has positioned himself as a champion of transparency .
Me , too .
Let ’s shed some light on the man who wants total control over $ 700 billion of your money .
Robert Novak called attention to Paulson ’s Democrat DNA last October .
It ’s worth reminding you of Paulson ’s instincts and the liberal allies he has installed at the Treasury Department :
… [ T ] he former Goldman Sachs CEO does not act or sound much like a conservative Republican to the GOP remnant at the Treasury .
“ It ’s not in Hank Paulson ’s DNA , ” one official told me .
Is he loyal to Bush ?
“ Hank is for Hank , ” he replied .
Paulson marched to his own drummer … by naming Eric Mindich , chairman of Eton Park Capital Management , to head the Asset Managers ’ Committee of the President ’s Working Group on Financial Markets .
A former Goldman Sachs colleague of Paulson ’s , Mindich is a top - level Democratic fundraiser .
He was in Sen. John Kerry ’s inner circle for the 2004 presidential campaign and backs Sen. Barack Obama for 2008 .
Republicans in the administration were amazed that the White House acquiesced in appointing a Democratic activist to lead a group “ to develop best practices ” for asset managers .
These critics wonder why President Bush did not ask Paulson why he could not name a Republican financier for this position … [ A ]
Treasury spokesman replied that “ we were looking for somebody who is well respected in the industry ” to fill what is “ not really a political position . ”
By that measure , no Treasury job can be considered political .
That includes Bob Steel , under secretary for domestic finance … Brought to the Treasury by Paulson a year ago , Steel is a retired Goldman Sachs vice chairman who worked there with Rubin and Paulson .
Federal Election Commission records show no political contributions by Steel since the 2002 cycle , when he gave exclusively to Democrats ( including Sen. Charles Schumer of New York ) .
Steel , who is Board of Trustees chairman of Duke University in Durham , N.C. , contributed to the North Carolina Democratic Party and its Senate candidates , Dan Blue and Erskine Bowles .
Although Paulson was a generous Republican contributor and prodigious Bush fundraiser ( over $ 100,000 ) in the 2004 cycle , his earlier political giving was more varied .
He contributed to Bill Clinton in 1992 , Democrat Bill Bradley ’s 2000 presidential campaign , the feminist Emily ’s List and Wall Street ’s favorite Democrat , Chuck Schumer .
Most of the Paulson family ’s Democratic contributions come from the secretary ’s wife , Wendy , who has supported Hillary Clinton .
All this was known to Bush in May 2006 when he tapped Paulson as a Treasury chief who would command respect on Wall Street .
It should be no surprise then that he is regarded in his own administration as less a true Republican secretary than a transition to the next Democratic Treasury — a trademark of a lame - duck regime .
Paulson is also an activist eco-zealot who pushed Gore-esque , mandatory global warming reduction schemes as head of the Nature Conservancy and while at Goldman Sachs .
From a 2006 WaPo profile touting Paulson ’s green pedigree :
“ It is n’t every day that the Sierra Club finds itself welcoming a nomination to George W. Bush ’s Cabinet while ultraconservatives decry the move , ” said Carl Pope , the Sierra Club ’s executive director .
“ But on issues like global warming , Hank Paulson appears to favor managing risk rather than cooking the books , ” Pope said .
“ It is heartening that someone of Mr. Paulson ’s stature in the financial world is willing to say that immediate action must be taken to combat global warming . ”
Last year under Paulson ’s direction , Goldman Sachs issued an eight - page position paper on environmental policy , saying it accepts a scientific consensus , led by United Nations climate experts , that global warming poses one of the greatest threats this century .
Like Bush , the Goldman Sachs statement endorsed a market for businesses to buy and sell rights to emit greenhouse gases , saying it will spur technology advances by companies “ that lead to a less carbon - intensive economy . ”
But , it added , “ Voluntary action alone cannot solve the climate change problem , ” a position contrary to the Bush administration ’s view .
The Nature Conservancy , under Paulson ’s direction , likewise supports a mandatory approach .
It supports legislation by Sens. John McCain , R - Ariz. , and Joe Lieberman , D - Conn. , to cap U.S. greenhouse gases at 2000 levels , within five years .
The Senate defeated the measure last year .
Then there are Paulson ’s longtime ties to the ChiComs .
The Center for Security Policy ’s Frank Gaffney blew the whistle during Paulson ’s confirmation hearings in 2006 .
Prescient as always , Gaffney foresaw the very national security and economic conflicts of interest that now cloud the Paulson bailout plan .
Paulson ’s China promotion and profiteering are all the more relevant given the clamoring of foreign banks for a piece of the monster bailout action — and Paulson ’s confirmation yesterday on ABC ’s “ This Week ” that foreign - based banks would not be excluded :
Under Mr. Paulson ’s leadership at Goldman Sachs , the company has been instrumental to the growth of Chinese economic power and particularly to its penetration of Western capital and other markets .
He has been directly involved in developing his firm ’s relationships with the PRC , priding himself on having made 70 trips there since late 1991 .
Consider just a few of the deals Goldman has managed , underwritten or otherwise facilitated under Henry Paulson ’s leadership :
In 2005 , Goldman Sachs not only advised the China National Offshore Oil Corporation ( CNOOC ) in its attempted takeover of Unocal .
It also strove to ensure that the Chinese state - owned company ’s bid prevailed after ChevronTexaco offered $ 17 billion in an effort to keep Unocal in U.S. hands .
CNOOC was able to up the ante to $ 18.5 billion for the American concern , thanks to a bridge - loan Goldman Sachs arranged ( along with J.P. Morgan ) .
Fortunately , despite the assiduous efforts made by Mr. Paulson and his firm to secure Unocal for Communist China , the American people and Congress strenuously opposed the transaction , leading ultimately to its derailing .
In late January 2006 , Goldman Sachs purchased a stake in the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China ( ICBC ) , China ’s biggest bank , for $ 2.58 billion .
According to press reports , Mr. Paulson ’s personal stake in this transaction was $ 25 million .
This is but one of many such state - owned banks the Chinese are interested in bringing to Hong Kong and other Western capital markets .
As I told the U.S. - China Economic and Security Review Commission last August :
These are foreign government - owned entities , not private firms .
The Chinese government appears to be actively working with leading international banking houses [ notably , Goldman Sachs ] to shape the appearance , assets , liabilities , profit margins and public relations tactics of these state - owned enterprises .
ORDER IT NOW Despite such efforts , the PRC seems simply to be dressing - up what were , until recently , insolvent banks in the hope that international capital markets will contribute to bailing them out .
This process involves the off - loading of non-performing loans onto asset management companies in a fashion very reminiscent of the U.S. savings and loan crisis .
Indeed , the PRC appears , in fact , to have modeled its strategy on the American experience .
No less worrisome is the fact that these banks ’ assets include not only its non-performing loans , but also the loans made to various Chinese enterprises of grave concern to the United States , including elements of the PRC ’s military - industrial complex ; entities involved in the manufacture and perhaps the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and their delivery systems ; human and labor rights abusers ; environmental despoilers ; etc .
Speaking of banks , in May 2006 , Goldman Sachs helped with the underwriting of the Bank of China ’s IPO , listing $ 9.7 billion worth of its shares on Hong Kong ’s stock exchange .
Among other problematic activities the Bank has engaged in has been the financing over the past fifteen years of extensive infrastructure projects like dam - building for the mullahocracy in Iran .
… It seems predictable that a man with Henry Paulson ’s background , track record and relationships with Communist China will play a worrisome role in U.S. government deliberations .
Unless he recuses himself from involvement in the following sorts of issues , Mr. Paulson assuredly will be participating in and exercising great influence over far - reaching decisions in which he has a vested policy , if not financial , interest .
These will likely include , for example : Contending with China ’s ongoing manipulation of its currency which it uses to help sustain its advantageous trade relationship with the United States ; Addressing the strategic implications of the PRC being the largest holder of U.S. debt ;
Considering the need to impose economic and perhaps other sanctions on Chinese proliferators , not at the subsidiary level ( as has been done to date ) but against their parent companies , when some of the latter may include Mr. Paulson ’s former clients ; Allowing China to purchase strategic U.S. companies and assets ; … Since Communist China ’s interests and those of the United States are likely to diverge ever more sharply in the years ahead , the very least that should be required of Paulson is that he recuse himself from involvement in matters of interest to the PRC .
Unfortunately , as the foregoing list suggests , since China ’s interests and activities figure so prominently in the Treasury portfolio , such a recusal would reduce the job to a part - time one .
In the absence of such a recusal , however , Paulson ’s China - related work at Treasury will require an extraordinary level of transparency and accountability by members of Congress , the media , and the American public .
We must be assured he is working for us in this job , not for Communist China as he did so successfully in the last one .
***
On top of Paulson ’s $ 700 billion bailout for both American and foreign - based banks , there is another stealth effort for a multilateral bank bailout championed by the Treasury Department to the tune of at least $ 15 billion .
The proposal would transform billions of dollars worth of U.S. loans to the World Bank , IMF , and African Development Bank into grants .
And voila !
Their massive debts to American taxpayers would disappear .
Sen .
Tom Coburn , a fiscal conservative watchdog who is looking out for us , red- flagged the Treasury Department ’s attempt to sneak the plan through last week in a letter to Senate GOP minority leader Mitch McConnell .
I ’m reprinting the letter in full so you are fully aware of what Hank Paulson ’s priorities are :
September 18 , 2008 Honorable Mitch McConnell Minority Leader United States Senate Washington , DC 20510 Dear Senator McConnell , I am requesting that I be consulted before the Senate enters into any unanimous consent agreements regarding S. 2166 , the Jubilee Act for Responsible Lending and Expanded Debt Cancellation of 2008 .
I objected to the previous unanimous consent agreement , and I reserve the right to object to any future unanimous consent agreements or rule waivers regarding this bill .
I have a number of concerns with this legislation .
The Jubilee Act requires the Secretary of the U.S. Treasury to “ commence immediate efforts .
. . to accomplish . .
. cancellation by the United States of all existing debts owed to it by eligible low - income countries . ” [ 1 ]
This will effectively transforms at least $ 1.13 billion of U.S. loans to other countries into foreign aid grants that will no longer be repaid to the U.S. taxpayer .
[ 2 ]
In other words , S. 2166 authorizes a $ 1.135 billion foreign aid package .
The national debt now exceeds $ 9.4 trillion .
That means over $ 30,500 in debt for each and every man , woman and child in the United States .
The U.S. debt is expanding by about $ 1.4 billion a day , or nearly $ 1 million a minute .
S. 2166 would significantly contribute to the already overwhelming burden of debt that Congress has created .
This violates a principle I have laid out in a letter sent at the beginning of the 110th Congress to all my Senate colleagues , to withhold my consent for unanimous passage of any bill that authorizes new spending without an equivalent reduction in existing spending authority for a lower - priority or less effective program .
S. 2166 also requires the Secretary of the U.S. Treasury to “ commence immediate efforts ” within international financial institutions , such as the World Bank , ” to ensure “ that the provision of debt cancellation to eligible low - income countries is not followed by a reduction in .
. . development assistance to the [ low - income ] countries by international financial institutions . ”
This section of the bill could be interpreted to support the notion that contributors to international financial institutions , such as the U.S. taxpayer , should be required to refund the international financial institutions for the entire amount of the loans forgiven .
In other words , U.S. taxpayers , who have already paid their share of the forgiven multilateral loans , would be required to pay this amount a second time as a bailout for the banks .
Unfortunately , the U.S. Treasury Department , during a G8 [ 3 ] summit in 2005 , already made a commitment to provide a bailout to multilateral banks that participated in the Multilateral Debt Relief Initiative ( MDRI ) .
MDRI is an initiative that gives 100 percent relief on eligible debt from three multilateral banks [ 4 ] to a group of low - income countries , most of whom never intended to repay the loans .
[ 5 ]
ORDER IT NOW
In the outcome document from the 2005 G8 Summit , the U.S. Treasury Department and its counterparts in the other G8 countries agreed to “ compensate ” the multilateral banks “ on a ‘ dollar - for - dollar ’ basis ” the full amount of the debts to eligible low - income countries that will be forgiven . [ 6 ]
The outcome document goes on to say that the G8 will “ provide MDRI financing additional to donors ’ regular support ” which represents “ an increase of about 25 percent over ” the baseline funding level the G8 normally sends to the banks .
Regular support of the development banks comes in the form of replenishments , which are wealth transfers from G8 countries given to the banks every three years with which the banks redistribute to low - income countries .
The agreement made by the G8 was to include the multilateral banks ’ bailout within the regular 3 - year replenishments to the banks .
The total debt relief G8 countries , including the U.S. , agreed to is more than $ 41.3 billion over 40 years .
This means $ 41.3 billion in mostly bad loans to low income countries have been transformed into foreign aid grants that will never be paid back .
By agreeing to bail the banks out for these bad lending decisions , the G8 is passing the cost of the scheme to G8 taxpayers .
The total cost will be up to $ 82.6 billion to cover the original loan plus the cost of the bailout .
The U.S. taxpayers ’ share of this bailout is almost $ 7.5 billion over 40 years .
Even though the U.S. Treasury was not authorized by Congress to commit to this increase in foreign aid spending , Treasury plans on making the first installments of the U.S. portion of the bailout this year without informing Congress .
In its budget request to Congress in 2009 , the Treasury Department does not report to Congress any information about its agreement to bail out the multilateral banks or that its request for its next 3 - year replenishment to the banks includes its first installment of the bailout .
It was n’t until I asked specifically about the bailout that the Treasury Department admitted that it has hidden the first installment of the U.S. share of the bailout in the U.S. replenishment payments for 2009 .
According to the Treasury Department , these bailout payments will not cost the taxpayer additional funds .
It claims that by sending the normal 3 - year replenishment to the banks earlier than planned , the money will gain enough interest while sitting in the multilateral banks ’ accounts that will pay for the U.S. share of the bailout .
What the Treasury Department fails to understand is that this interest belongs to the U.S. taxpayer , and by denying the taxpayer this interest , the cost of the bailout is indeed carried by the U.S. taxpayer .
Another disturbing element to the bailout agreement that U.S. Treasury made at the 2005 G8 summit is that the additional money the U.S. and other G8 taxpayers will be sending to the banks for the bailout will be used for “ providing further resources for .
. . development efforts ” [ 7 ] within low - income countries whose loans were forgiven .
In other words , the U.S. Treasury Department agreed to saturate the multilateral banks with even more U.S. taxpayer cash , so the banks can continue their misguided policies responsible for issuing bad loans and the subsequent bailout schemes .
Development policies that require massive transfers of wealth from developed nations to low - income nations , or socialism , have proven not only to fail at eradicating poverty but actually prolong and worsen economic conditions in many impoverished countries .
I strongly believe that when we act as a government to help people , we make sure that our help first does n’t make the problem worse , and second , really works and does n’t just make us feel good about having tried to help .
Wealth transfers , whether it be in the form of foreign aid packages or debt relief , is based on the false premise that transfers of riches from wealthy nations to poor nations will buy economic growth in those recipient nations .
There is no credible evidence that suggests this approach has ever actually produced economic growth , and sadly , there is a growing body of economic research that suggests just the opposite .
[ 8 ]
All evidence demonstrates that poverty decreases only with the increase in economic freedom , free trade , the protection of property rights , elimination of corruption , and predictably enforced rule of law .
In other words , poverty is the result of corrupt governments and the absence of liberty — not the lack of wealth transfers .
The American people are already burdened with over $ 9.4 trillion of debt due to uncontrolled spending by Congress .
The U.S. taxpayer is always called upon to bail out failed wealth - transfer programs , whether it is multilateral banks , government - run mortgage companies , or federal retirement plans .
It is unlikely that there will be anyone willing to bail out the U.S. taxpayers once this unsustainable spending frenzy finally catches up with us .
I cannot , in good conscious , contribute to this problem .
In order for me to vote “ yes ” on the passage of S. 2166 , the bill should be improved in two key ways .
First , the cost of transforming over $ 1 billion of U.S. bilateral loans into grants should be offset by an equivalent reduction in existing spending authority for a lower - priority or less effective program .
Second , S. 2166 should include a prohibition on providing multilateral banks bailouts from the U.S. taxpayer for current or future debt relief initiatives .
If multilateral banks desire a $ 7 billion increase in U.S. funding , they should make a request to Congress , and Congress should conduct oversight investigations , debate whether wealth transfer programs achieve measurable results , and , if there is measurable evidence supporting it , decide whether or not to grant the increase while offsetting it from existing spending elsewhere .
Thank you for protecting my rights on this legislation .
Sincerely , Tom A. Coburn , M.D. U.S. Senator
***
One last item if all this was n’t enough to stop your heart .
This is Paulson on “ Face the Nation ” yesterday :
Mr. Paulson said he hoped that the government would recoup much of the cost of buying distressed mortgage - related assets .
But he did not rule out that the initial cost of the bailout could rise beyond $ 700 billion , the limit set in the terse proposal sent by the Treasury to Congress on Saturday .
“ That does n’t mean we ’ll go all the way there , or it does n’t mean it will stop there and we wo n’t ask for more , ” Mr. Paulson said on the CBS program “ Face the Nation . ”
“ What we need is something that is big enough to get the job done .
We ’ll ask for what we think is a right amount to give us plenty of flexibility . ”
And now , Washington is on the verge of handing this man unchecked power to grab $ 700 billion - plus in taxpayer money to stabilize a market he said was “ healthy ” in order to fix a crisis he said had been “ contained ” more than a year ago ?
Henry Paulson must be contained .
Kucinich to reveal text of impeachment article RAW STORY
Published : Wednesday July 9 , 2008
Print This Email This Congressman Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) was expected to make his latest article of impeachment against President Bush , which will hit the floor Thursday , public Wednesday night ahead of an early Thursday press conference .
" There has been a breach of faith between the Commander in Chief and the troops , " the Congressman wrote in a letter to his colleagues Tuesday .
" It is worse than heartbreaking that George W. Bush , as Commander in Chief , caused this country to go to war based on information which was false , and which he knew to be false , " he went on .
" The consequences for our troops have been devastating .
We have lost 4,116 of our beloved servicemen and women since the war began , with over 30,000 physically wounded and countless others emotionally wounded .
The toll on the service persons and their families will be felt throughout their lives . "
" There can be no greater responsibility of a Commander in Chief than to command based on facts on the ground , and to command in fact and in truth , " the letter continued .
" There can be no greater offense of a Commander in Chief than to misrepresent a cause of war and to send our brave men and women into harms way based on those misrepresentations .
" Iraq had nothing to do with 9/11 or with Al Qaedas role in 9/11 .
Iraq had neither the intention nor the capability of attacking the United States .
Iraq did not have weapons of Mass of Destruction .
Yet George W. Bush took our troops to war under all of these false assumptions .
Given the profound and irreversible consequences to our troops , if his decision was the result of a mistake , he must be impeached .
Since his decision was based on lies , impeachment as a remedy falls short , but represents at least some effort on our part to demonstrate our concern about the sacrifices our troops have made . "
Rep. Kucinich will hold a press conference at Cannon Terrace in Washington D.C. , at 2 pm on Thursday , to discuss the article .
" At President Bush 's request , Congress passed an authorization for the use of military force against Iraq on October 16 , 2002 , " Kucinich opened in his Wednesday announcement .
" At least a dozen key material representations made to Congress by the President in that authorization , in furtherance of Congressional action , were false at the time they were made .
The breadth and depth of the Presidents misrepresentations do not argue for incompetency as a defense , but for deceit as an impeachable offense .
" " We have arrived at a teachable moment in our Constitutional history .
Congress must insist on accountability .
We must regain our rightful role as a co-equal branch of government charged with providing a check and balance to Executive abuse of power .
In Article I , Section 8 of the Constitution , our Founders placed the war power in the hands of the House of Representatives .
This separation of powers was expressly intended to prevent a President from unilaterally summoning troops to war in the manner of a king .
" Are we willing to respect our institution , our Constitution and ourselves ?
Will this President , at last , be held accountable for lying to Congress to gain authorization for the use of force against Iraq ?
Will we allow future Presidents to take office knowing they can commit the same acts with impunity ? "
DEVELOPING ...
Talking To ' Pirates '
A few days ago I posted a simple question on my blog .
" Why do people pirate my games ? " .
It was an honest attempt to get real answers to an important question .
I submitted the bog entry to slashdot and the penny arcade forums , and from there it made it to arstechnica , then digg , then bnet and probably a few other places .
The response was massive .
This is what I found : Introduction Firstly it 's worth pointing out that there were LOTs of responses ( and they are still coming in now ) , hundreds of comments on the sites listed , a ton of comments on the blog ( despite it crumbling under the strain ) and hundreds of emails made it through to me .
I read every one of them .
They were also generally very long .
Few people wrote under 100 words .
Some people put tolstoy to shame .
It seems a lot of people have waited a long time to tell a game developer the answer to this question .
Some people thought my name was chris , or that I developed Braid .
But that does n't matter :D
It 's worth pointing out that the original question was specific to MY games , because I already do the majority of what people complain about ( free demos , easy demo hosting , digital distribution , original games , good tech support etc ) , but the majority of the replies were aimed at games devs in general , not me .
Here is what they said :
The semi-political ones I got a few people churning out long arguments about whether or not intellectual property is valid , and claiming that it was censorship , or fascism and other variations on this theme .
I 'm used to reading all this , and find it completely unconvincing , and to be honest , silly .
The really interesting news was that this was a trivial proportion of the total replies .
Money
This * did* surprise me .
A LOT of people cited the cost of games as a major reason for pirating .
Many were kids with no cash and lots of time to play games , but many were not .
I got a lot of peoples life stories , and a ton of them were my age .
Even those who did n't cite cost as their main reason almost always mentioned it at some stage .
A lot of anger was directed at the retail $ 60 games , and console games .
People in Australia were especially annoyed about higher prices there .
My games were $ 19 - 23 , but for a lot of people , it was claimed this was far too high .
People talked a lot about impulse buying games if they were much cheaper .
Game Quality
This was a big complaint too .
And this also surprised me .
I have a very low opinion of most new games , especially triple A ones , but it seems I 'm not alone .
Although there were many and varied complaints about tech support , game stability , bugs and system requirements , it was interesting to hear so many complaints about actual game design and gameplay .
Not a single person said they had felt ripped off by a game due to substandard visuals or lack of content .
The consensus was that games got boring too quickly , were too derivative , and had gameplay issues .
Demos were widely considered to be too short and unrepresentative of the final product .
People suspected that the full game was no better than the demo .
Almost everyone had a tale of a game that was bought based on hype which turned out to be disappointing .
DRM
This was expected , but whereas many pirates who debate the issue online are often abusive and aggressive on the topic , most of the DRM complaints were reasonable and well put .
People do n't like DRM , we knew that , but the extent to which DRM is turning away people who have no other complaints is possibly misunderstood .
If you wanted to change ONE thing to get more pirates to buy games , scrapping DRM is it .
These gamers are the low hanging fruit of this whole debate .
Digital Distribution
Lots of people claimed to pirate because it was easier than going to shops .
Many of them said they pirate everything that 's not on Steam .
Steam got a pretty universal thumbs up from everyone .
I still do n't get how buying from steam is any different to buying from me , other than you may already have an account on steam .
For the record , I 'd love to get my games on steam .
I wish it was that easy .
Confessions I got a few people , maybe 5 % of the total , who basically said " I do it because I like free stuff and wo n't get caught .
I 'd do the same with anything if I knew I 'd get away with it . "
This is depressing , but thankfully a small minority .
I also got the occasional bit of abuse and sarcasm from hardcore pirates who have decided I am their enemy .
Who would have thought that would happen ?
They give the other 99 % of pirates a bad name , and are the reason people do n't listen to pirates .
What I 'm going to do about it There was a point to all this , and it was partly to sell more ( I have bills to pay ! ) as well as hopefully get more people to legitimately play my games .
I 'd be very happy if some reduction of overall piracy happened too , as I love PC gaming and the current situation is only helping to kill it off .
I 've thought hard about everything people have said and I have decided to change a few things about my games .
1 ) No more DRM I only used DRM for one game ( Democracy 2 ) and it 's trivial .
It 's a one - time only internet code lookup for the full version .
I 've read enough otherwise honest people complain about DRM to see that its probably hurting more than it help's .
I had planned on using the same system for Kudos 2 , but I 've changed my mind on that .
I have also removed it from Democracy 2 today .
I now use no DRM at all .
2 ) Demos People think demos are too short .
My demos * are * short , because the marketing man in me sees that you can't give away too much .
I 've wanted people to feel a bit annoyed when the demo cuts out , so they buy the game to keep playing .
Too many people are put off by this and pirate games so they can see exactly what they are getting .
I 'll be making my demos much better , and longer , and will retrospectively change this when I get around to it for some of my older games .
( I 'm swamped with work right now ) 3 ) Price I think my games are priced right , and was considering charging more for Kudos 2 ( which is my biggest and best ever game ) .
I sometimes play casual games for $ 20 which seem to have maybe a tenth of the effort I put into mine .
However , enough people out there see price as a factor to change my mind .
I halved the price of Kudos 1 a few days ago , to $ 9.95 .
I 'll keep an eye on how it does .
I 'm also strongly inclined to price Kudos 2 lower than I originally planned to .
4 ) Quality
My games are n't as good as they could be .
Ironically , one of the things that reduces your enthusiasm to really go the extra mile in making games is the thought that thousands of ungrateful gits will swipe the whole thing on day one for nothing .
It 's very demoralizing .
But actually talking to the pirates has revealed a huge group of people who really appreciate genuinely good games .
Some of the criticisms of my games hit home .
I get the impression that if I make Kudos 2 not just lots better than the original , but hugely , overwhelmingly , massively better , well polished , designed and balanced , that a lot of would - be pirates will actually buy it .
I 've gone from being demoralized by pirates to actually inspired by them , and I 'm working harder than ever before on making my games fun and polished .
A final note is trying to make it easier for people to buy my games .
I 'm really hassling my payment provider to support amazons one - click method .
For me , I think that 's even more convenient than steam .
I 'm always doing what I can to make buying them as quick and easy as possible .
Conclusion
So it was all very worthwhile , for me .
I do n't think the whole exercise will have much effect on the wider industry .
Doubtless there will be more FPS games requiring mainframes to run them , more games with securom , games with no demos , or games with all glitz and no gameplay .
I wish this was n't the case , and that the devs could listen more to their potential customers , and that the pirates could listen more to the devs rather than abusing them .
I do n't think that 's going to happen .
But I gave it a go , and I know my games will be better as a result .
I 'll never make millions from them , but I think now I know more about why pirates do what they do , I 'll be in a better position to keep doing what I wanted , which is making games for the PC .
Thanks for reading .
Cliff ' cliffski ' Harris Kudos 2 Rock Legend Lux Titan Attacks Democracy Eschalon 2 Gratuitous ... Revenge Of ...
With competition in the netbook sector increasing rapidly , Foresight Linux has released a mobile edition of its distribution built for the new generation of ultra portables .
Foresight Mobile Edition 1.0 incorporates Ubuntu ’s Netbook remix desktop interface which is designed for the smaller screens most common on netbook hardware such as as the Asus EEE PC and the Acer Aspire One .
Foresight Linux Mobile Edition also includes the Conary package management system that was developed by rPath and used in rPath Linux .
The default desktop for Foresight Linux ME is Gnome and it includes applications such the F - Spot photo manager , Firefox web browser , Pidgin instant messenger , Banshee media player and the Gnome Movie Player .
To date Foresight Linux ME has been tested in the Asus EEE PC and the Intel Classmate .
While it apparently works well on both , the Asus EEE PC does have a couple of known bugs with powering off correctly and resuming wireless networking .
The power issue is a problem that plagued the Ubuntu EEE distribution initially as well but is relatively easy to fix .
The latest release of Ubuntu EEE ( 8.04.1 ) appears to include this fix in the default .
Foresight Linux ME can be downloaded now .
Carol Squires ( photo )
click to enlarge Baconhenge Technically , a henge is actually an oval or circular earthwork , with a surrounding bank built up of the earth excavated from a ditch inside the bank .
By this definition , Stonehenge is not truly a henge in any sense , as its ditch lies outside the bank .
There have been many theories as to the intended purpose of Stonehenge and other standing stones .
The most likely seems to be , at least in part , that of seasonal calendar , as the sun aligns with particular stones at the solstices .
This phenomenon , coupled with the mystery of the henges ' origins , has made the henges into sites of pagan ritual in recent centuries , if not throughout their histories .
Some of those ancient rites are rumored to have included ritual sacrifice .
Let Baconhenge be the site of your seasonal celebration !
Let bacon stand in for the sacrificed Year King , French toast for the Grain Goddess , the eggs in the frittata for the Cosmic Egg , and the vegetables for the bountiful Earth on which we live .
Blessed Be! by Carin Huber Suggested Reading The Wikipedia article about Stonehenge .
Difficulty Rrrrgh . . . .
Brains . . . .
Click here for definitions of difficulty levels .
Download Full page recipe ( pdf format )
3x5 card recipe ( pdf format ) Ingredients U.S. Metric Ingredient 10 or 12 french toast sticks , frozen ( I used Krusteaz brand ) 1 lb .45 kg bacon ( rashers ) 1 large potato , cubed 1 medium onion , chopped 8 oz 225 g fresh mushrooms , sliced 1 dozen eggs 1/ 4 c 60 mL water to taste salt and pepper You Will Also Need 10 or 12 bamboo skewers
cast - iron skillet
a helper , for construction at the end .
Chef 's Notes
Have the vegetables cleaned and cut up before you begin .
Serves 6 hungry druids .
Prep time : 40 minutes .
Cook time : 30 minutes .
The AntiCraft assumes any well stocked basic kitchen to have certain things on hand .
( Click for our basic kitchen items list . )
Directions
Place a baking rack on a baking sheet .
( You may wish to line the baking sheet with aluminum foil , to make clean - up easier . )
Select 10 or 12 ( it must be an even number ) French toast sticks , of fairly uniform size and rectangular shape .
It makes no difference whether they are center - or crust - cuts .
Carol Squires ( photo )
click image to enlarge Wrap slices of bacon around individual French toast sticks .
Take care not to stretch the bacon very much , as this will cause it to shrink excessively during cooking , warping the French toast sticks .
On half of these , wrap the bacon so that the end of the bacon strip lies over the end of the French toast stick .
Then , carefully drive 2 bamboo skewers end to end through the sticks .
With the kitchen shears , cut off the excess skewer length , leaving about 1 inch protruding from each end of the French toast sticks .
On the other half of the French toast sticks , wrap the bacon so that the end of the bacon strip lies on the underside of the French toast stick , near the end .
Arrange all of the bacon - wrapped French toast sticks on the baking rack .
Set this aside , and pre-heat oven to 500 ºF ( 260 ºC ) , while you prepare the frittata ingredients .
In the cast iron skillet , heat about two tablespoons of cooking oil over medium heat .
Add the vegetables , and cook until the potatoes are about 3 / 4 of the way done , stirring occasionally .
They should be soft on the outside , but somewhat firm on the inside , when pricked .
While the vegetables cook , break the eggs into the bowl , and beat lightly with the whisk .
Add the water , salt , and pepper , and mix well .
Place the bacon - wrapped French toast sticks in the oven .
Bake for 15 to 20 minutes , checking frequently , while you cook the frittata .
Stir the vegetables once more , add a little more oil to the skillet , then add the beaten eggs .
Allow the frittata to cook until the bottom has set well , and the top looks slightly underdone , about 15 to 20 minutes .
When they are done , remove the bacon - wrapped French toast sticks from the oven , and set aside to rest a few minutes .
Turn the oven up to Broil .
Place the frittata in the oven , on a center - or - higher rack ( or under the broiler ) until the top begins to brown , about 2 to 5 minutes .
Watch it carefully ; it can overcook quickly .
Remove the frittata from the oven .
Assembly : Begin assembling the henge : Lay 2 skewered bacon - wrapped French toast sticks together on your work surface .
Create a trilithon by spearing the ends of a non-skewered bacon - wrapped French toast stick lintel on just one skewer of each upright French Toast stick .
If necessary , push the skewers through so that they are not visible at the top of the trilithon .
Spear another lintel on the free skewer of one upright , then add another upright under the end of the new lintel .
Place your double trilithon upright on the frittata , an inch or two from the side , following the curve of the skillet .
Poke the bottoms of the skewers down into the frittata .
Have your assistant hold the trilithons in place while you continue adding uprights and lintels , until the circle is closed , and the ring of standing " stones " complete .
Serve : Bring Baconhenge to the table , still in the skillet .
Offer maple syrup on the side .
About contact Carin : • legal info
Edited by Carin Huber and Edith Cummings
Biofuels could be a crucial weapon against both rising temperatures and dwindling global oil supplies .
They are made from organic material such as plants , so they essentially recycle existing carbon in the atmosphere instead of releasing new carbon from the depths of the earth ; they are also , in principle , endlessly renewable .
But the best - known biofuel , ethanol , is looking decidedly unpromising right now .
Today most ethanol in the United States is made from corn , using an energy - intensive process that may not actually save a lot of fossil fuel , and in any case America cannot produce enough ethanol from corn to really matter .
Scientists have long tried to devise an efficient way to make ethanol from a wider range of raw materials , especially waste products rather than food .
The U.S. government has calculated that the country could generate 1.4 billion tons of biomass a year .
This could make 100 billion gallons of fuel or more , enough to meet much of America ’s demand for motor gasoline .
One approach to tapping into all that biomass focuses on cellulose , the material that gives plant cells their strong walls .
The cellulose is converted into sugar and then from sugar into ethanol .
But despite decades of research , the technology is still far from commercially viable .
Now several companies , including Coskata and Range Fuels , say they have cracked the problem .
They are pursuing a different strategy , one that turns any carbon - rich matter into a gas , which is then converted to liquid fuel .
This approach can use any organic material , so the potential sources for this fuel are virtually unlimited .
Soon , the companies claim , they will be able to refine vast quantities of noncorn ethanol .
Coskata even predicts they will do so for as little as $ 1 a gallon .
“ In the Southeast there is enough biomass from wood products alone to make 10 to 15 billion gallons of fuel a year , ” says Mitch Mandich , CEO of Range Fuels , based in Broomfield , Colorado , the firm building what may be the first U.S. plant to make next - generation ethanol commercially .
The refinery , in Soperton , Georgia , will open late next year , and Range Fuels is already scouting locations for more plants .
Meanwhile , other firms here and abroad have announced plans to make ethanol from pine trees , from the contents of a city dump , even from the carbon monoxide generated by steel mills .
Making liquid fuels from gasified carbon - rich matter is n’t actually a new idea , but it has never before been practical for biomass .
The first step , gasification , usually requires either pure oxygen , which is expensive , or regular air , which introduces nitrogen that is costly to remove .
Range Fuels has designed a system that delivers oxygen cheaply through steam and converts all the raw material into a gas in just 20 minutes .
“ Under those conditions you get a very high conversion of all the carbon in the biomass into various gaseous products , ” says Arie Geertsema , Range Fuel ’s chief technical officer .
The process also reduces by - products such as carbon dioxide and slag , the company says .
The gas that comes out , called syngas , is a mixture of mostly carbon monoxide and hydrogen .
Traditionally , syngas is converted to liquid fuel by means of a catalyst ; Range Fuels is tweaking the catalyst to improve this procedure as well .
Some competitors are going further .
To boost efficiency , they are ditching the catalyst entirely and enlisting bacteria to ferment syngas into ethanol .
“ The amount of ethanol produced by chemical catalysis is around 70 or 80 gallons perton , ” says Wes Bolsen , chief marketing officer for Coskata , located in Warrenville , Illinois .
( Coskata generated headlines recently by attracting an investment from General Motors . )
The company can produce more than 100 gallons of fuel per ton based on lab experiments because bacteria make more ethanol : “ We are n’t producing butanol , propanol , hexanol , octanol , and all the other alcohols , ” Bolsen says .
Bolsen also points to estimates by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory ( NREL ) that the high pressure and high temperature required for syngas cleaning and catalytic conversion add about 30 to 40 cents to the cost of a gallon of fuel .
In contrast , Coskata says its process works at relatively low pressure and temperature : about twice atmospheric pressure and 97 degrees Fahrenheit .
But building a system to turn any carbon into ethanol is one thing ; finding a steady diet for such anomnivore is another .
Take trash , for instance .
Many environmentalists are eager to harvest fuel from bald tires and junk plastic .
Yet RangeFuels ’ fancy new ethanol plant , which will eventually pump out 100 million gallons of fuel a year , will feed mostly on wood chips .
“ What ’s nice about wood chips is that they ’re pretty uniform .
You ’re not sorting out hearing aid batteries from it , ” says Samir Kaul , a principal at Khos­la Ventures , a venture capital firm started by Sun Microsystems founder Vinod Khosla .
Khosla Ventures is financing at least three ethanol producers , including both Range Fuels and Coskata , and so is sensitive to practical issues .
“ Garbage is risky , ” Kaul says , “ and when you scale a technology for the first time , you do n’t want to add risk where you do n’t have to . ”
Surprisingly , the other problem with trash is that there may not be enough of it .
Coskata estimates that municipal solid waste is less than 10 percent of all the available biomass — too little , perhaps , to make developing a sorting process worthwhile , at least at the outset .
Other sources of waste are more promising .
The government biomass study that came up with 1.4 billion tons of annually available biomass identified farming and timber residues ( cornstalks and the unusable parts of logged trees ) as the source for nearly half of the nation ’s bioenergy .
The trick will be cheaply delivering these leftovers to the ethanol plant .
Range Fuels initially hoped to feed its refinery with leaves and small limbs that the timber industry cannot process .
The Georgia Forestry Commission reports that each year loggers leave behind some 8 million tons of waste wood , including too - small living trees , within a 75 - mile radius of the new refinery — enough for four of Range Fuels ’ plants .
But getting that material to the refinery has proved difficult .
“ The timber industries are really not set up to do that , ” says Range Fuels ’ Mandich .
Nobody has yet figured out how to compact forest leftovers for transport .
“ Have you ever tried to move your leaves in the fall ? ” asks Richard Hess , a scientist studying the problem at Idaho National Laboratory .
“ You fill up this garbage sack and it does n’t weigh anything .
That ’s the problem .
It takes a lot of energy to move air . ”
Still ,
Hess expects optimized handling systems will be ready by 2012 , meeting the government ’s goal and in time for a wave of new refineries .
“ We ’re rich in opportunities to make fairly epic gains , ” he says .
Until then Range Fuels will source its wood chips from whole trees — not a waste product at all , but a commodity used to make paper pulp .
It might not be long before the ethanol companies are paying to get more biomass waste headed into their plants .
According to Richard Bain , a researcher at NREL , the estimated cost of producing a gallon of ethanol stands at $ 2.10 today .
By 2012 this should fall to $ 1.33 — at least for those companies using steam to turn biomass into syngas ( several firms , he says , have developed this technology ) .
At the same time , the steep price of gasoline — and corn — means that next - generation ethanol can be profitable even if its price does n’t reach what Khosla Ventures ’
Kaul calls the “ holy grail ” of $ 1 a gallon .
Freed from the bad rap of corn ethanol , bio­fuel - powered cars could then drive us toward a better future .
Click here to see the rest of DISCOVERmagazine .
com 's special energy coverage .
Would you like to add or edit content here ?
Here 's how you can have an account !
From FreeThoughtPedia
Back : Common Theist Arguments
Summary
The Argument from improbability can seem very convincing at first .
It involves suggesting that the likelihood of complex things being created by chance is so infinitesimally small , there must be some supernatural , Intelligent Design at work .
The human body is such a " perfect machine " it could not have naturally evolved .
A particular creature or plant has such an unusual , perfectly - designed , unique system / set of skills / traits / etc. that there 's no way this could have just happened .
Theists have even been known to invoke Occam's Razor to claim that the most plausible explanation for uniquely special creatures is Intelligent Design .
Like many theological arguments , the Argument from improbability only works if one is intellectually dishonest or ignorant of the facts .
When relaying this claim , theists always leave out a critical part of the process that nullifies the validity of the argument from improbability .
Ironically , scientists agree , the likelihood of the human body being created " by chance " is ridiculously improbable , but that 's not how evolution works .
Creatures do not evolve " by chance " in some random nature as theists imply in this argument .
Their environment forces them to be adapted in specific ways or face extinction - note that this is not the same thing as the environment dictating changes .
This is called Natural selection .
This is such an obvious , critical component of existence , which is observable by everyone , at almost any time , you have to wonder whether or not a theist using this argument is really that ignorant , or being intentionally misleading .
Examples
The human body is a most wondrous instrument .
Is n't it amazing how we have so many processes going on that work so beautifully together ?
We have a built - in air conditioning system whereby we sweat to cool off , and an elaborate network of arteries and blood vessles ; our brain is protected in a special " shell " and all our organs are tweaked to perfection to create a perfect machine .
Atheists say we ended up this way evolving from monkey and lower life forms .
Let me ask you something ..
Can you imagine a hurricane blowing through a warehouse of parts and assembling a complete , working Boeing 747 airplane ?
This is what we 're talking about in terms of the likelihood that the human body , an amazing machine , was created by chance .
I do n't think so .
GODIDIT !
This is a spin on a lower level of the argument known as Hoyle 's Fallacy :
The probability that a protein molecule could achieve a functional sequence of amino acids by chance alone --
Hoyle calculates this as being of approximately the same order of magnitude as the probability that a whirlwind would pass through an aircraft hangar full of airplane components and result in the assembly of a functional Jumbo Jet .
Ray Comfort demonstrates the Argument From Improbability
A classic example of the argument from improbability : Ray Comfort 's infamous , Banana : The Atheist 's Nightmare video clip .
He also mixes this idea with the Argument From Design .
It 's so unlikely something so " perfect " was arbitrarily created , it somehow " proves " that it was " intelligently designed . "
The ultimate irony of the Way of the Master video is that the banana Ray Comfort is holding was created by man .
Naturally occurring bananas do n't really look like that .
Problems
Evolution does not happen " by chance . "
Complex things are not arbitrarily created without rhyme or reason .
This is the fatal flaw of the argument from improbability .
It completely collapses the entire argument .
The Anthropic Principle , simply put , states that although the circumstances necessary to create an environment suitable to life are very , very slim , carbon - based life forms living in such an environment would be the only ones able to observe it and remark upon it 's improbability .
So although the creation of the Earth ( and , indirectly , human beings ) occurred under extremely rare circumstances , " the miracle of life " is observed only because it exists .
Natural selection is a documented , fact .
It is a process by which creatures evolve through continuing to exist and better adapt to their environment through genetic mutation .
This process is observable and provable , in addition to making a lot of sense .
Nobody disagrees with the claim that it 's highly unlikely , for example , that a hurricane could blow through a warehouse and assemble an airplane .
Apples and oranges .
The development of complex life forms does not happen by chance .
Time is a major factor in the evolution of complex organisms .
Technically it may be possible , that if you have enough monkeys banging on enough typewriters , for a long enough time , they may produce the complete works of Shakespeare .
This sounds and is ridiculously improbable , but not impossible .
However , imagine if each monkey who could n't type was killed , and each monkey who demonstrated higher cognitive abilities pursuant to writing , was given a reward .
You could in all likelihood dramatically increase the probability that monkeys would develop into creatures more capable of creating literary works .
Multiply this over the course of millions of years and billions of generations of creatures and it does not look like a random thing .
This is how natural selection works .
The so - called " perfect machine " is anything but perfect in the first place .
In every example cited by theists as perfection or amazing examples of supernatural design , one can find flaws , mistakes , vestiges of obsolete functions or appendages .
The human body is not a perfectly designed machine .
It has many serious flaws that can only be explained by the process of evolution .
There are remnants of vestigial organs which do n't seem to have a productive function any more : wisdom teeth , tailbone , etc .
Some organs and components are badly designed : the prostrate
The human eye and the way it interfaces to the brain is bizarrely designed ; what the eye perceives is actually upside down and backwards , and our brain has to flip it back around .
If people do n't get enough sunlight ( or , specifically , ultraviolet light ) , they suffer from Vitamin D deficiency , but if they get too much , they suffer from skin cancer .
In order to have a large human brain as well as the ability to walk upright , the birth canal is much more complicated than those of other species , and the birth itself is a complicated and painful procedure .
Barely used nerves and muscles , such as the plantaris muscle of the foot [ 1 ] , that are missing in part of the human population and are routinely harvested as spare parts if needed during operations .
Another example is the muscles that move the ears , which some people can learn to control to a degree , but serve no purpose in any case .
The pointless existence of the appendix in humans , also the corresponding potentially fatal condition of appendicitis .
The appendix , which is highly developed in herbivores , is meant to aid in the bacterial digestion of cellulose .
Since people use fire and heat to cook now the appendix has become useless .
( It has also been proposed that the appendix is involved in development of the immune system within the first year after birth , but subsequently has no function .
However some people have congenital absence of their appendix without any reports of impaired immune system function . )
The route of the recurrent laryngeal nerve is such that it travels from the brain to the larynx by looping around the aortic arch .
This same configuration holds true for many animals , in the case of the giraffe this results in about twenty feet of extra nerve .
The prevalence of congenital diseases and genetic disorders such as Huntington 's Disease .
The common malformation of the human spinal column , leading to scoliosis , sciatica and congenital misalignment of the vertebrae .
The existence of the pharynx , a passage used for both ingestion and respiration , with the consequent drastic increase in the risk of choking .
The structure of humans ' ( as well as all mammals ' ) eyes .
The retina is ' inside out ' .
The nerves and blood vessels lie on the surface of the retina instead of behind it as is the case in many invertebrate species .
This arrangement forces a number of complex adaptations and gives mammals a blind spot .
Crowded teeth and poor sinus drainage , as human faces are significantly flatter than those of other primates and humans share the same tooth set .
This results in a number of problems , most notably with wisdom teeth .
Almost all animals and plants synthesize their own vitamin C , but humans cannot because the gene for this enzyme is defective ( L - gulonolactone oxidase ) .
Lack of vitamin C results in scurvy and eventually death .
Defective vitamin synthesis pathways are a hallmark of " higher " animals — of which many are predators — because the prey accumulates vitamins that stems either from the eaten plants or are self - synthesized in the captured individual .
Thus , higher animals are mostly unable to return to a purely " vegetarian " lifestyle ; while conservation of such pathway genes is of no apparent cost to the animal .
The human reproductive system includes the following :
In the human female , a fertilized egg can implant into the fallopian tube , cervix or ovary rather than the uterus causing an ectopic pregnancy .
The existence of a cavity between the ovary and the fallopian tube could indicate a flawed design in the female reproductive system .
Prior to modern surgery , ectopic pregnancy invariably caused the deaths of both mother and baby .
Even in modern times , in almost all cases , the pregnancy must be aborted to save the life of the mother .
In the human female , the birth canal passes through the pelvis .
The prenatal skull will deform to a surprising extent .
However , if the baby ’s head is significantly larger than the pelvic opening , the baby can not be born naturally .
Prior to the development of modern surgery ( caesarean section ) , such a complication would lead to the death of the mother , the baby or both .
Other birthing complications such as breech birth are worsened by this position of the birth canal .
In the human male , testes develop initially within the abdomen .
Later during gestation , they migrate through the abdominal wall into the scrotum .
This causes two weak points in the abdominal wall where hernias can later form .
Prior to modern surgical techniques , complications from hernias including intestinal blockage , gangrene , etc. , usually resulted in death . [ 2 ]
Other critics argue that if these design failures are the deliberate products of an intelligent designer , then the designer must be either inept or sadistic .
Or possibly there was a large number of designers , as in the old joke that " a camel is a horse designed by a committee " .
( need more examples )
By Casey Lynn
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
As the newest writer here at GAS I consider it my obligation to begin by demonstrating just how sexy I find geeks to be .
Though there is definitely something to be said for real - life geeks , what about the fictional ones ?
Whereas geeks might be more thought of for lusting over fictional super heroes , robots , or aliens , I for one prefer to lust over geeks .
In the interest of full disclosure , I ’m a straight gal , but I can still definitely appreciate a sexy girl geek when I see one .
10 . Dr. Daniel Jackson ( Stargate )
The Scientist Geek
Now , before you start yelling , “ Where ’s Michael ? ! ” let me remind you that a geek ’s sexiness can come from within , and so the actor that plays said fictional geek is immaterial … and you have to admit , there ’s just something about the hapless geekiness of Daniel in the film , before the military starts to whip him into shape ( geeks do not generally wear leather that well ) .
Feel free to debate the relative merits of James Spader versus Michael Shanks , but I think I just need to recuse myself on that one and focus on the merits of the archeologist / linguist instead .
Sexiest Geek Trait : can talk dirty in 23 languages .
9. Kaylee Frye ( Firefly )
The Engineering Geek
There is definitely something sexy about geeks and their toys , and you do n’t get much steamier than Kaylee and Serenity .
You ’ve got to love a girl who can sweet - talk an engine like that .
And the best part about her mechanical ability is that it ’s all instinct , all self - taught .
She ’s got a real love for engineering , and that ’s what makes her the very best kind of geek .
And sure , she cleans up nice , but she still looks at her best in overalls with a smudge of grease on her nose .
Sexiest Geek Trait : willing to roll up her sleeves and get her hands dirty .
8. Hiro Nakamura ( Heroes )
The Stereotypical Geek
A code monkey with a comic book fetish who quotes Star Trek … and ends up with great power .
Not to mention a couple of cute girls and a bad - ass sword .
He ’s every geek ’s dream , and he ’s just so darn adorable .
How can you not love this guy ?
And I know more than one girl who got a shiver at Hiro - from - the - future .
Yet he still manages to be just as cute with his pocket protector as he is dressed all in black toting a Samurai sword .
Did he make anyone else think of another fictional swordsman named Hiro ?
This is a geek with major potential .
Sexist Geek Trait : chivalry .
7. Percy Weasley ( Harry Potter )
The By - the - Book Geek
Sure , he might not be the most likable character in the Harry Potter universe , but I always found his geekiness rather endearing .
Of course , I also admit that I may be influenced by my personal fondness for redheads and the fact that I ’ve met Chris Rankin in person and immediately wanted to marry him .
Still , there ’s something to be said for A ) the redeemable prat , and B ) a geek with an authority fetish .
Percy is that sort of stiff , starched - collar , rule - quoting geek that you just want to mess up because it would be oh so much fun .
Sexiest Geek Trait : enough of a stiff upper lip to make you think that there ’s something interesting lurking just below the surface .
6. Dr. Toshiko Sato ( Torchwood )
The Technogeek
As it turns out , the Torchwood team really do have jobs that require more than perpetuating sexual tension , and Tosh ’s job title is “ Technical Expert . ”
In other words , she ’s the resident geek , and she ’s really good at it .
And though she might not have steamed up the TV screen as much as her boss and his fellas , she had a tryst with an alien disguised as a hot woman , and then went back to saving the day with her computer savvy .
Sexiest Geek Trait : endearing shyness coupled with complete obliviousness to her own hotness .
Do n’t miss
Part II of this very sexy ( geeky ) list !
I may already have my picks decided , but who do you think will make the top five ?
Have You Hugged a Republican Today ?
When did the Republican Party become the Pity Party ?
What has surprised me this week in St. Paul is the sense of grievance that Republicans feel , or pretend to feel , at the cruel forces that are treating them in such a beastly manner .
The news media are the principal villains .
Having rallied around Sarah Palin as John McCain 's running mate , Republicans are outraged that anyone would ask whether a first - term Alaska governor , whose only other political experience was as a small - town mayor , is the right person for the job .
Having announced that Sarah Palin ’s unmarried 17 - year - old daughter is pregnant , the McCain campaign is irate that anyone would write about this circumstance , much less ask further questions about it .
“ Why hound the Palin family over such a private matter ? ” the campaign protests .
Uh , maybe because you put out a press release ?
Anyone who questions Palin ’s qualifications , or points out that she was for the Bridge to Nowhere before she was against it , is being sexist .
Anyone who mentions that McCain is 72 , which would make him the oldest man to be elected president , is being ageist .
Who knew the Republican Party was so keenly attuned to delicate matters of political correctness ?
It ’s hard to square the image of the party that Fred Thompson tried to project Tuesday night -- tough , muscular to the point of being martial , unafraid and uncompromising , able to skin a moose -- with all the exquisite sensitivity , all the wailing and the lamentation and the gnashing of teeth , on display in St. Paul .
This is a party that seems to want reassurance , validation , and maybe a hug .
It all reminds me of those old Saturday morning cartoons in which an elephant would jump up on a stool and tremble in fear at the sight of a mouse .
Woe to you , Right Wing Christians , you hypocrites !
September 14 , 2008 by lestro
by lestro
One of the things that bothered me most about the lines of attack taken during the Republican National Convention was the belittling of not only Barack Obama ’s time spent as a community organizer , but the role of community organizers in general .
“ Community organizer ” is the general term given to people who work to make a difference in their communities , neighborhoods and schools .
Organizers rally people to work together and help themselves .
It is a noble and often thankless endeavor , done not for profit or personal benefit , but to help others help themselves .
In the colonial days , it was those people who gathered around the Liberty Tree their community of like - minded patriots and rebelled against the idea of birthright nobility and absolute leadership and organized them into a force powerful enough to beat the then - untouchable British Army .
The Republican attack on community organizers is yet another example of the right wing ’s penchant for spitting on those who believe in the power of the people united instead of the oligarchy of the military industrial complex .
But today on Meet the Press I saw another interesting counter - attack on the community organizer meme , one that comes right from a place that might register with the right wing .
As I went looking for the image , I came across site after site of right wing fundie apologists making the case that no , no , no , Jesus was not a community organizer .
They say it demeans his role as messiah to call him that .
He came as Savior , not an organizer .
Like he ca n’t be both .
He is supposed to be God , you know .
Nevermind that he organized his disciples , who organized churches that organized an entire religious community .
Some , like this guy , for example , go even further , using another oft - quoted and little understood section of the Bible to make their point .
Do not think that I have come to bring peace to the earth ; I have not come to bring peace , but a sword .
For I have come to set a man against his father , and a daughter against her mother , and a daughter - in - law against her mother - in - law ; and one ’s foes will be members of one ’s own household .
Matthew 10:34 .
But in that quote , Jesus absolutely was organizing his community .
That quote , told as part of a speech to rally the apostles to go out and recruit , was meant as a warning that they would probably turn families against each other as people some people rallied to Jesus ’s message of peace and forgiveness while others would not believe and continue in their faith .
People also always use that passage to imply that Jesus approved of violence and war when ( judging by the rest of the book , anyway ) nothing could be further from the truth .
He was simply warning that people were not going to like what he was saying and the disciples should be prepared .
The author then goes on to further slag Barack Obama by repeating the already de-bunked attack lines about sex education and abortion , linking it to the idea that Obama is some kind of messianic figure .
I think it is fair to say , that Barack Obama is no Jesus .. no , not even close .
Despite , of course , Obama never making any such comparison himself , always saying the only reason he is there is because of a movement .
“ It ’s not about me , it ’s about you , ” he said in his acceptance speech .
Besides , considering God also said “ thou shalt not kill ” and Christ said “ love thy enemy ” and “ turn the other cheek , ” I think it is fair to say , by the author ’s logic , that warmongers John McCain and Sarah Palin are no Christians .
Not even close .
Not to mention one of the commandments opposing “ bearing false witness ” which he is doing in his characterization that Obama supports teaching sex ed to kindergartners .
This represents the inherent problem with Fundamentalism , be it Islamic , Christian or otherwise : the cherry picking of religious passages and demanding that they be followed as literal , while completely and totally ignoring the other parts , like the overall message .
Meanwhile , McCain , Palin and their supporters do the same thing .
Page a bit further in the Book of Matthew , for example and you will come to the Seven Woes .
That ’s the funny thing about the Bible : Unless you read the whole thing you might miss some important bits :
“ Woe to you , teachers of the law and Pharisees , you hypocrites !
You clean the outside of the cup and dish , but inside they are full of greed and self - indulgence .
Blind Pharisee !
First clean the inside of the cup and dish , and then the outside also will be clean .
“ Woe to you , teachers of the law and Pharisees , you hypocrites !
You are like whitewashed tombs , which look beautiful on the outside but on the inside are full of dead men ’s bones and everything unclean .
In the same way , on the outside you appear to people as righteous but on the inside you are full of hypocrisy and wickedness …
Kind of like opposing earmarks while requesting more per capita than any other mayor or governor .
Or basing your entire campaign on experience and then choosing as a vice - president candidate without any .
Or calling yourself a maverick and then allowing the party to shoot down the people you think should have the second spot .
Or the myriad other lies , half truths and hypocrisies that McCain camp is calling a campaign .
I do n’t portend to speak for God , nor do I even claim to be a Christian , I just think that if you do claim to be a believer , perhaps you should follow the rules laid out by your Supreme Being .
If you ca n’t even follow your own religious teachings , how do you expect someone to take you seriously when you try to hold them accountable to said belief system ?
And by the way , in the traditional sense , Jesus was a liberal .
He challenged the status quo with new ideas …
" The truth shall set you free . " -- Caltech
I mentioned in passing that when I am poking around an unfamiliar object ( well , class ) , I usually reach first for dir ( ) and only somewhat later try help ( ) .
There 's several reasons for this , but one of them is that help ( ) is overly verbose in a useless way .
The problem is that many objects have a lot of completely standard methods like __repr__ , generally with absolutely no useful documentation text , and help ( ) will gleefully tell you all about them ( for an example of this , apply help ( ) to itself ) .
The more advanced an object is , the more such standard methods it will have ( to implement all the protocols that make it a sequence object or whatever ) and the more noise that help ( ) produces .
( And it is a lot of noise ; each such member produces two or three lines of output .
This can add up very fast , especially if you use help ( ) on a module that has a bunch of classes with a bunch of standard methods . )
There 's only two interesting things about standard methods ; first , what ' protocols ' the object supports ( is it a sequence object , a callable one , an iterable one , does it have a string value , etc ) , and second , does it do anything unusual for any of them .
The first is directly obvious , and we can guess at the second by seeing if any of the standard methods have non-standard docstrings .
Thus , help ( ) would be more helpful if it did not report such generic standard methods individually , but instead condensed all of them into a single line of information about what the object supports .
( Note that writing better docstrings can't help the situation ; at most it can drown the noise about standard methods in verbose signal . )
A new cache of [ Amazon ] company records obtained by Reveal from The Center for Investigative Reporting – including internal safety reports and weekly injury numbers from its nationwide network of fulfillment centers – shows that company officials have profoundly misled the public and lawmakers about its record on worker safety .
They reveal a mounting injury crisis at Amazon warehouses , one that is especially acute at robotic facilities and during Prime week and the holiday peak – and one that Amazon has gone to great lengths to conceal .
With weekly data from 2016 through 2019 from more than 150 Amazon warehouses , the records definitively expose the brutal cost to workers of Amazon ’s vast shipping empire – and the bald misrepresentations the company has deployed to hide its growing safety crisis .
The internal reports cheer incremental progress in a specific month or region ; call out problem warehouses with the worst injury numbers ; and detail safety initiatives , action items and pilot projects .
While the reports show a committed drive to improve processes with technology or design changes , they do n’t propose reducing the intense workload for Amazon ’s warehouse employees , which is what helps drive Amazon ’s speed .
On Thursday night , Palin took her inexperience and made a mansion out of it .
From her first “ Nice to meet you .
May I call you Joe ? ” she made it abundantly , unstoppably and relentlessly clear that she was not of Washington , did not admire Washington and knew little about Washington .
She ran not only against Washington , but the whole East Coast , just to be safe .
To many ears , her accent , her colloquialisms and her constant invocations of the accoutrements of everyday life will seem cloying .
But in the casual parts of the country , I suspect , it went down fine .
In any case , that ’s who Palin is .
On matters of substance , her main accomplishment was to completely sever ties to the Bush administration .
She treated Bush as some historical curiosity from the distant past .
Beyond that , Palin broke no new ground , though she toured the landscape of McCain policy positions with surprising fluency .
Like the last debate , this one was surprisingly wonky  a lifetime subscription to Congressional Quarterly .
Palin could not match Biden when it came to policy detail , but she never obviously floundered .
She was surprisingly forceful on the subject of Iran ( pronouncing Ahmadinejad better than her running mate ) though she stepped over the line in claiming that Democrats sought to raise the “ the white flag of surrender . ”
Biden , for his part , was smart , fluid and relentless .
He did not hit the change theme hard enough .
He did not praise Barack Obama enough .
But he was engaging , serious and provided a moving and revealing moment toward the end , when he invoked the tragedy that befell his own family and revealed the passion that has driven him all his life .
Still , this debate was about Sarah Palin .
She held up her end of an energetic debate that gave voters a direct look at two competing philosophies .
She established debating parity with Joe Biden .
And in a country that is furious with Washington , she presented herself as a radical alternative .
By the end of the debate , most Republicans were not crouching behind the couch , but standing on it .
The race has not been transformed , but few could have expected as vibrant and tactically clever a performance as the one Sarah Palin turned in Thursday night .
Daily Vim : Text Editor Tips , Tricks , Tutorials , and HOWTOs
A blog dedicated to text editing and general exploration of computing knowledge
In a funny but convenient coincidence , both presidential candidates have made statements about space exploration lately ; Obama while in Titusville , Florida ( very close to Cape Canaveral ) , and McCain on NASA 's 50th anniversary last week .
The full text of Obama 's speech is on his site ( parts are on YouTube as well ) , and McCain 's on his .
Obama 's is part of a speech , so it 's longer than McCain 's which was a simple press release statement .
Comparing the two is interesting .
They both mention the retirement of the Shuttle in 2010 , but McCain seems to imply that we have nothing funded after that , but he 'll take care of it :
Under current plans , the United States will retire the space shuttle in 2010 after its final mission to the International Space Station , and thus lose the capability to send on our own , an American , to space .
While my opponent seems content to retreat from American exploration of space for a decade , I am not .
As President , I will act to ensure our astronauts will continue to explore space , and not just by hitching a ride with someone else .
I intend to make sure that the NASA Constellation program has the resources it needs so that we can begin a new era of human space exploration .
A country that sent a man to the moon should expect no less .
That , to me , is somewhat misleading .
NASA wo n't be able to launch a manned mission until Constellation is up and running , and while it 's currently having its problems , the plan is to have it going by 2015 .
So the gap is n't permanent ( it 's bad , very bad , not forever ) .
Certainly , the incoming President will have to make sure funding is secured .
But even McCain can't close that gap , so his statement is rather meaningless .
Here is what Obama has to say on the same topic :
As a result , [ NASA has ] had to cut back on research , and trim their programs , which means that after the Space Shuttle shuts down in 2010 , we ’re going to have to rely on Russian spacecraft to keep us in orbit .
We can not cede our leadership in space .
That ’s why I will help close the gap and ensure that our space program does n’t suffer when the Shuttle goes out of service by working with Senator Bill Nelson to add at least one additional Space Shuttle flight beyond 2010 ; by supporting continued funding for NASA ; by speeding the development of the Shuttle ’s successor ; and by making sure that all those who work in the space industry in Florida do not lose their jobs when the Shuttle is retired – because we cannot afford to lose their expertise .
This is a better answer , though still not perfect .
As I said , the gap cannot be " closed " , and implying it can be is wrong .
It can only be narrowed .
However , the idea of another Shuttle mission is an interesting one .
I assume he means launching the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer to the ISS .
While I 'm still not thrilled with another Shuttle flight -- NASA would probably disagree with me about that -- it would be nice to see this fantastic scientific instrument sent into space where it belongs ( and NASA and I do agree there ) .
So in that statement I give Obama the edge , but only just .
However , I have to note that some time ago , Obama said he wanted to take money from NASA and put it into education .
When I heard that I laughed ruefully : NASA already sets aside money for education ( though less now than a few years ago when I was working with NASA 's science education ) .
Plus , NASA 's budget is very small compared to , say , that of the Department of Education ; NASA gets about 1/3 the money the DoE gets .
So taking from NASA to give to DoE seems silly .
However , he seems to have changed his mind on that .
He has been quoted as saying :
I know it 's still being reported that we were talking about delaying some aspects of the Constellation program to pay for our early education program , " [ Obama ] said .
" I told my staff we 're going to find an entirely different offset because we 've got to make sure that the money that 's going into NASA for basic research and development continues to go there .
That has been a top priority for us .
This is an administration that 's been anti-science .
Whether it's on stem cell research , whether it's on climate change , they have rejected science .
I want to reverse that trend , I want us to be a science - based society and I want us to invest in science . "
This is very heartening .
Some on the right might call this a flip - flop , but it sounds more like someone who got more information and changed his mind because of it .
That is precisely the kind of person I want in the White House ( which would be a change from the past 8 years ) .
I just hope Obama is doing it for the correct reason .
It sounds like it from that quote .
Incidentally , this also shows that McCain is wrong to say : " While my opponent seems content to retreat from American exploration of space for a decade , I am not . "
And may I also say how much I < 3 this from Obama :
More broadly , we need a real vision for space exploration .
To help formulate this vision , I ’ll reestablish the National Aeronautics and Space Council so that we can develop a plan to explore the solar system – a plan that involves both human and robotic missions , and enlists both international partners and the private sector .
Yes , that is precisely correct .
We need both manned and unmanned missions to further our goals in space , and to make sure we stay at the forefront of space exploration and innovation .
Good on Obama for making this clear , and for also reinstating the Space Council , an advisory committee designed to provide a plan for exploration .
The Space Review has an excellent overview of the Council 's history .
Note that if Obama calls for the Council to be restarted , he is more likely to listen to them .
Finally , a note : McCain is talking pretty loudly about tax cuts for big corporations and such , which in general means either raising taxes on others or cutting government positions .
NASA has enjoyed a relatively good stretch of funding the past few years , but that may not always be the case .
Having said that , either candidate , upon taking the White House , may cut or increase funding for NASA .
We know for a fact that promises made in the campaign -- especially ones done in the shortening months before the election -- have little likelihood to be transubstantiated into reality after the inauguration ( look up the phrase , " Read my lips : no new taxes " as a prime example ) .
So take whatever either man says with a few moles of salt .
However , given McCain 's tack to the right and pandering to the religious zealots on so many issues , I do n't expect him to be a candidate who is on the side of science .
That enough is sufficient for me not to vote for him -- unless he makes some very solid statements very soon ( and given his flip - flops on this and his stance on about fifty other things , it 's pretty unlikely I 'd vote for him anyway ) .
Obama , on the other hand , has clearly stated his opposition to what has happened to science over the past eight years , and that gives me hope .
Tip o' the styrofoam delegate hat / spacesuit visor to Kirk Enstrom and Russell Wolf for the heads - up on these statements .
The IC3 concept consists of a computerized shaft with 3 interchangeable eating apparatuses ; fork , spoon , and knife .
The fork analyzes composition such as fat , protein , sugars .
The spoon measures weight , and the knife takes temperature readings .
Together this info creates a detailed report on what you ’re eating , helpful to those with diabetes and nutritional sufficiencies .
Gone are the days of lying to your doctor , “ yes I ate my 5 servings of veggies . ”
The IC3 concept is currently on display at the Designparcours Munich 2008 exhibition .
Designer : Alex Schulz
You 'll never look at , or reach into , an airline seat - back pocket the same after reading this .
Besides being a repository for magazines , newspapers , books , iPods and air - sickness bags , seatback pockets get stuffed with all kinds of disgusting trash , from toenail clippings to mushy meals .
People do things on airplanes that they would never do ...
After preying heavily on the elderly in the spring , the coronavirus is increasingly infecting American children and teens in a trend authorities say appears fueled by school reopenings and the resumption of sports , playdates and other activities .
Children of all ages now make up 10 % of all U.S cases , up from 2 % in April , the American Academy of Pediatrics reported Tuesday .
And the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Monday that the incidence of COVID - 19 in school - age children began rising in early September as many youngsters returned to their classrooms .
About two times more teens were infected than younger children , the CDC report said .
Most infected children have mild cases ; hospitalizations and death rates are much lower than in adults .
Dr. Sally Goza , president of the American Academy of Pediatrics , said the rising numbers are a big concern and underscore the importance of masks , hand - washing , social distancing and other precautions .
“ While children generally do n’t get as sick with the coronavirus as adults , they are not immune and there is much to learn about how easily they can transmit it to others , ’’ she said in a statement .
The CDC report did not indicate where or how the children became infected .
Public health experts say the uptick probably reflects increasing spread of the virus in the larger community .
While many districts require masks and other precautions , some spread in schools is thought to be occurring , too .
But experts also say many school - age children who are getting sick may not be getting infected in classrooms .
Just as cases in college students have been linked to partying and bars , school children may be contracting the virus at playdates , sleepovers , sports and other activities where precautions are n’t being taken , said Dr. Leana Wen , a public health specialist at George Washington University .
“ Understandably , there is quarantine fatigue , ’’ Wen said .
Many people have a sense that if schools are reopening , then other activities can resume too , “ but actually the opposite is true . "
Global school studies suggest in - person learning can be safe when transmission rates in the larger community are low , the CDC report said .
Mississippi is among states where several outbreaks among students and teachers have been reported since in - person classes resumed in July and August .
Kathy Willard said she had mixed feelings when her grandson ’s fourth grade class in Oxford was sent home for two weeks after several teachers and one student tested positive for the virus .
The family does n’t have internet access at home , making remote learning a challenge .
“ It was a hardship .
There ’s always a worry about him falling behind or not getting access to what he needs for school , ” Willard said .
“ But at the same time , I ’m glad the school is doing what they can to protect our kids . ”
Students in her district are required to wear masks and receive temperature checks , and students and teachers who come into contact with the virus are quarantined .
In Alcorn County , Mississippi , where hundreds of community cases have been reported , including dozens among teachers , staff and students , parent Kimberly Kilpatrick - Kelley is keeping her 15 - and 17 - olds home for virtual learning .
The Corinth mother said the family always wears masks when they leave home and practice social distancing , and she worries about her kids getting sick and infecting her parents .
“ I personally do n’t want to take the risk ” she said .
Dr. Yvonne Maldonado , head of the American Academy of Pediatrics ’ infectious - diseases committee , said the big question is what will happen as schools that have started out with online learning go back to in - person classes .
“ It really will depend on how well can you mask and distance in a school setting , ” she said .
New York City , the nation 's largest school district , with over 1 million students , resumed classroom learning Tuesday for elementary school children .
Higher grades will resume on Thursday .
The CDC report said more than 277,000 children ages 5 to 17 were confirmed infected between March and Sept. 19 , with an increase in September after a peak and a decline over the summer .
The agency acknowledged that may be an underestimate , in part because testing is most often done on people with symptoms , and children with the coronavirus often have none .
The CDC reported 51 deaths in school - age kids , most in them ages 12 to 17 .
Less than 2 % of infected children were hospitalized , and youngsters who are Black , Hispanic or have underlying conditions fared worse than white children .
The findings add to other data showing the pandemic is increasingly affecting younger age groups after initially hitting older Americans hard .
In a separate report Tuesday , the CDC said weekly COVID - 19 cases among people ages 18 to 22 increased 55 % nationally .
The increases were greatest in the Northeast and Midwest and were not solely attributable to increased testing , the CDC said .
About one - third of U.S. cases are in adults 50 and older , while one - quarter are in 18 - to - 29 - year - olds .
The AAP research is based on reports from public health departments in 49 states , New York City , Washington , D.C. , Puerto Rico and Guam .
New York state does n’t provide data by age .
Most states count children 's cases up to age 19 , though a few use different age ranges .
As of Sept. 24 , the AAP counted nearly 625,000 youth cases , up to age 20 , a 14 % increase over the previous two weeks .
Deaths totaled 109 , well under 1 % of all COVID - 19 fatalities in the U.S .
As of Monday , the CDC counted over 435,000 cases in children from age zero through 17 and 93 deaths .
The groups ’ totals differ because they include different ages and time periods .
Overall , 7 million Americans have been confirmed infected and 205,000 have died .
___
Follow AP Medical Writer Lindsey Tanner at @ LindseyTanner .
___
AP reporter Leah Willingham contributed from Jackson , Mississippi .
___
The Associated Press Health and Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute ’s Department of Science Education .
The AP is solely responsible for all content .
Yves Rossy , aka Jet Man , set a new record today with his successful flight across the English Channel – strapped to a jet - powered wing .
I knew you could do it Jet Man .
The 22 - mile trip lasted less than 13 minutes , but with cruising speeds of 125 mph and several hundred spectators in attendance , it must have been exhilerating .
Rossy , a former military pilot , recently made a successful test flight over Switzerland to ensure he could fly the full 22 - mile stretch across the Channel .
Today ’s flight had been scheduled for Wednesday but was twice postponed due to bad weather .
The trip followed the path of French aviator Louis Bleriot who was the first person to cross the Channel in a plane 99 years ago .
Rossy , who calls himself FusionMan , began the flight at 1207 GMT by jumping from an aircraft 8,800 feet above Calais , France .
He touched down at the white cliffs of Dover , England after performing a few loops for the onlookers .
Rossy wore a heat - resistant suit during the flight to protect him from the hot - turbines , but apart from that , all he had for safety equipment were his parachutes and helmet .
Quite daunting when you consider that the Channel is one of the busiest shipping lanes in the world .
Congratulations , Jet Man !
Sources :
CNN and National Geographic
Now says she believes human actions are partly to blame – and that she never changed her position
Alaska Governor and Republican vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin performed what some might call a ‘ flip - flop , ’ in regards to her position on the causes of global warming .
Miraculously , Palin is claiming that this has been part of her position all along .
[ social_buttons ]
In an interview with ABC News ’ Charlie Gibson that aired last Thursday and Friday , Palin said that she believes “ man ’s activities certainly can be contributing to the issue of global warming / climate change … . ”
When Gibson challenged Palin on what is clearly a sharp change in her position , Palin recoiled and said , “ … show me where I have ever said that there ’s absolute proof that nothing that man has ever conducted or engaged in has had any affect , or no affect , on climate change . ”
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/hky7UzaRvnE&hl=en&fs=1]
But in her most definitive recent statement about the causes of global warming , Palin said , “ I ’m not one though who would attribute it to being man-made . ”
This is not a nuanced - shift in the technical specifics of some obscure policy .
This is a drastic change in a major policy question that is apparent to even the most casual political observer .
And while I applaud Gov. Palin for apparently coming around viz .
climate change ( even if it is purely pandering ) , it is politically dangerous for her to be denying that she ever changed her position .
I ca n’t imagine Palin ’s switch will be something the opposition and the media will accept without further inquiry and investigation .
Related Posts
Palin Disparages Environmentalist Fear Mongering then Warns of a “ World of Hurt ” if We Don’t Drill
World Views of Sarah Palin and the Environment
Now this is a fine substance .
Also known in the older literature as fluorine azide , you make it by combining two other things that have already made my “ Things I Wo n’t Work With ” list .
Just allow fluorine ( ay ! ) to react with neat hydrazoic acid ( yikes ) , and behold !
Well , what you ’re most likely to behold is a fuming crater , unless you ’re quite careful indeed .
Both of those starting materials deserve serious respect , since they ’re able to remove you from this plane of existence with alacrity , and their reaction product is nothing to putz around with , either .
The first person to prepare the compound ( John F. Haller back in 1942 ) survived the experience , and made it ( rightfully ) the centerpiece of his PhD dissertation .
But relatively few buckaroos had the fortitude to follow his trail over the years , and it ’s not hard to understand why .
Haller himself wrote on the subject in 1966 from an industrial position at Olin Mathieson , and got right to the point :
” ( Fluorine azide ) is described as a greenish - yellow gas at room temperature , liquefying at − 82 °C when diluted with nitrogen and freezing to a yellow solid at − 143°C .
Evaporation of this solid generally results in violent explosion . ”
Yes , it does , and that does tend to slow down the march of science a bit .
Not until 1987 was an improved procedure published , from Helge Willner and group in Hannover .
( We ’ll see him again – most of his publication list falls into the “ Things I Wo n’t Work With ” category , and I really have to salute the guy ) .
Basically , it was the same reaction , but done slowly and Teutonically .
You start off by making absolutely pure anhydrous hydrogen azide , which is a proposal that you do n’t hear very often around the lab , and is the sort of thing that leads to thoughts of career changes .
( Maybe I could go into the insurance business and sell policies to whoever took over the prep ) .
The next step is introduction of the fluorine , and when elemental fluorine is the most easily handled reagent in your scheme , let me tell you , you ’re in pretty deep .
After the reaction , attention to painstaking fractional evaporation at very cold temperatures , in the best traditions of German experimental chemistry , is needed to clear out the reactants along with some silicon tetrafluoride , difluorodiazene , and other gorp .
Willner ’s group managed to make about 20 milligrams of the pure stuff , but strongly recommend that no one ever make more than that .
As far as I can tell , no more than a few drops of the compound have ever existed at any one time .
This is not really a loss :
” The synthesis of pure N3 F by the method described above was repeated more than 30 times without explosion .
But if N3 F is cooled to - 196 C or N3 F is vaporized faster than described , very violent explosions may occur .
One drop of N3 F will pulverize any glass within a 5 - cm distance . ”
They managed to get pretty full spectroscopic data on the compound while they had it , which was good of them , and even explored its chemistry a bit .
Life must have a peculiar vividness when your job is to come in and see if triazadienyl fluoride does anything when you expose it to fluorine monoxide .
( Oddly , they report that that reaction is OK – go figure ) .
Still , most of the literature on this compound remains computational , rather than experimental ( other than Willner ’s lab ) , and unless it turns out to be the secret to faster - than - light travel or something , that situation will continue to obtain .
It ’s already good for accelerating Pyrex fragments past the speed of sound , but there are easier ways .
" I think she provides an excellent of example of all the different roles that women can and should play , " she said . " I 'm a mother with kids and I 've had a career and I 've had to juggle .
She 's doing publicly , what so many women are doing on their own privately .
Maybe it 's our fragile fanboy expectations , but 2008 has been a downer for gadgets .
The primary offenders so far ?
Cell phones .
It ’s true ; an overwhelming amount of these devices receive relentless hype , accolades , and praise prior to launch .
But when it comes to the actual reveal , many of this year 's hotly anticipated phones have been busts .
Here 's our list of 2008 's glaring culprits .
— Terrence Russell
__
5. LG Dare__
*
The Hype : * LG's Dare seemed aptly named ... at first .
As the premier U.S. phone to sport 120 fps video recording ( and face recognition ) , it was poised to shake up the feature phone market .
Perks like zippy EVDO Rev A. connectivity , GPS , and a 3 - inch touch screen made for some impressive ante uppers too .
But it was the Dare 's audacity to challenge the iThrone ( with faster data speeds and full HTML browsing , no less ! ) that really caught our attention .
The Letdown : Word to the wise : slapping advanced features together is n't a foolproof recipe for success .
Sure , the Dare brought a large touch screen to the party .
But navigating with it was a pipe dream .
The smokin ' data speeds ?
Squandered on a terrible browser .
Other coffin nails include the phone 's aggravatingly slow OS , nixed Wi -Fi , and email apps … that you had to pay for .
If only LG had dared to raise the bar beyond the phone 's ( legitimately sweet ) camera .
4. Motorola Z10
The Hype : Every once in a while Motorola knocks it out the park .
The Z10 , Motorola 's self - proclaimed " pocket - sized mobile studio , " was looking to be a BALCO - assisted grand slam .
On the outside , its playfully sophisticated sliding / bending design reminded us of the RAZR ’s glory days .
However , goodies like MP3 playback , a 3.2MP camera , and the ability to shoot and edit video ( at 30 fps ! ) is what got geek juices flowing .
Even more exciting was the fact that it came unlocked and ran on Symbian UIQ instead of a Motorola train wreck OS .
The Letdown : The joke was on us .
The would - be savior of an OS was less train - wreck accident more Hindenburg sized disaster .
Its sluggish response not only irritated during ordinary tasks , but also ruined the Z10's similarly troubled ' whizz bang ' features .
Ultimately , the Z10 spread itself too thin with its mobile studio ambition .
All the multimedia goodness — pictures , videos , and even audio for MP3 playback — were second rate in quality .
Oh , and the head turning bendy chassis ?
A nightmare for texting .
And we 're not even going to mention the price .
... fine .
This clunker ran an unbelievable $ 500 .
__
3. Palm Treo Pro__ ?
The Hype : All it took were some blurry leaked photos and the industry was atwitter over the Pro .
It made sense .
After numerous iterations of the Treo , Palm finally found a design that was n't hideously fugly .
Also , the Treo Pro was slated to make touchscreens hip again ( for Palm devices at least ) , and put a clear emphasis on simplicity and usability .
Basically , this was Palm 's moment to elegantly descend the spiral staircase and demurely reveal its brand new makeover .??
The Letdown : Despite a number of weaknesses working against the Pro ( Windows Mobile 6.1 OS , being manufactured by Palm ) it 's not a terrible device .
Its feature set is a by - the - number execution of smartphone sweetness ( Wi - Fi , camera , microSD , 3G , GPS , QWERTY
keyboard ) .
Too bad it was all eclipsed by a horrid screen .
The TFT
touch display on the Pro is n’t a step in the wrong direction ; it 's like
Palm bounded four steps to the side and then broke its legs .
Elements of the phone were clearly light years ahead of previous Palm devices , but the Pro's stylus reliant , surprisingly small , unresponsive 320 x
320 touchscreen was n't one of them .
__
2. Google G1__
The Hype : Googlephone rumors have been circulating for years .
So , when news surfaced that HTC , Google , and T - Mobile were ( finally )
bringing the G1 to market , froth mouthed gadget geeks , pundits , and journalists were driven into a frenzy .
Lofty expectations included a totally customizable OS , loads of free applications , and a snappy form factor .
Also , with Google 's penchant for unloading free stuff on the public , the overall assumption was that the G1 would be the smartphone for the everyman .
Boom !
Take that iElitists !
The Letdown : Letdown :
The G1's unveiling was a lot like the Bigfoot press conference
— a long , awkward presentation that left a lot of people confused and / or disappointed .
The handset poised to out - iPhone the iPhone had a laundry list of hardware letdowns : bulky , unattractive , and saddled with yet another proprietary headphone jack .
Under the hood , the G1 had even more perplexing issues .
Any sort of multitouch interface was missing , as was Microsoft Office support ( beyond viewing ) , and video playback .
Updates to Google 's Android OS could salvage the device ( à
la the iPhone 3G ) .
But for now , the G1 does n't even trigger the same excitement as a gorilla costume in an ice chest .
1. iPhone 3G
The Hype :
The fevered buzz surrounding thelatest iProduct to emerge from the hive mind in Cupertino was deafening .
Sure Apple adherents were dizzy for updates like GPS , a thinner profile , and a flush headset jack .
But the real prize was the promise of 3G delivering gushing access to pr0n our favorite websites .
And hey , do n’t forget how “ fun ” it is to stand in line for Apple products every 18 months .
The Letdown : Turns out the iPhone 's second coming was less
Jesusphone and more false idol .
After camping in long queues and enduring a hellish activation process , customers found themselves with a handset that was essentially borked .
With applications like Mobile Me initially M.I.A. , 3G functionality that was severely crippled ( a firmware update managed to patch the problem ) , and a battery that died faster than a suicidal lemming , the whole debacle left us feeling more deflated than circa 1998 Apple stock .
( Photos by Jonathan Snyder / Wired.com )
The folks over at Food Service Warehouse are celebrating the announcement of their Certified Green Commercial Kitchens program by announcing a green commercial kitchen contest , with $ 40,000 worth of kitchen equipment and supplies going to the winner .
If you operate a commercial kitchen and have taken steps to make it greener , fill out the form by October 31 to enter the contest .
It ’s free and the prizes include a refrigerator / freezer , steamer , fryer , ice machine , oven , and more .
Food Service
Warehouse is an online source for commercial kitchen equipment that has taken impressive steps in encouraging green commercial kitchen practices .
They have devoted dozens of pages to explaining the advantages of going green and giving practical advice on how to achieve it .
Their Certified Green Commercial Kitchen Program encompasses five categories : energy conservation , water conservation , waste reduction , green cleaning , and green education .
Points for each category can be earned through purchases of green products , and completion of each category earns customers discounts , extended warranties , and publicity , among other things .
Food Service Warehouse offers products certified by national programs like ENERGY STAR , Green Seal , and Totally Chlorine Free .
Their Certified Green Commercial Kitchen Program is available for those who purchased from FoodServiceWarehouse.com as well as those who purchased their green equipment elsewhere .
Those interested in an additional national green commercial kitchen program should also check out the Green Restaurant Association certification .
If you know someone who might be interested in getting a whole new green commercial kitchen , forward this post along .
Related Posts :
In a typical management speak post , the ADO .
Net team has killed the Linq to SQL project .
I think this is a mistake from Microsoft part .
Regardless of how this affects NHibernate ( more users to us , yeah ! ) , I think that this is a big mistake
Doing something like this is spitting in the face of everyone who investment time and money in the Linq to SQL framework , only to be left hanging in the wind , with a dead end software and a costly porting process if they ever want to see new features .
Linq to SQL is a decent base level OR / M , and I had had several people tell me that they are willing to accept its current deficiencies , knowing that this will be fixed in the next version .
Now , there is n't going to be a next version , and that is really bad for Microsoft reputation .
From my point of view , this is going to be an example that I will use whenever someone tries to sell me half baked solutions from Microsoft ( just to note , I do n't consider Linq to SQL half baked ) and tell me to wait for vNext with all the features in the world .
It does n't matter how I turn this decision , I can't find any way in which it make sense from Microsoft perspective .
If there 's one thing that almost all economists agree on ( even Nouriel Roubini ) , it 's that we wo n't have another Great Depression .
Why not ?
Because in 1929 , we were a primitive cave people , who knew next to nothing about economics .
Now , we 're experts , and there 's no way we 'd ever behave so stupidly again .
Given a century in which , despite our increasing sophistication , booms and busts have followed each other like nights after days , it might be time to revisit the happy idea that we now know enough to control economic cycles .
But we 'll leave that one for another day .
For now , let us at least remember that , in the summer of 1930 , a year after the Great Bull Market of the 1920s came to an end , we did n't think we were headed into a Great Depression , either .
Greg Mankiw in the NYT :
LIKE most economists , those at the International Monetary Fund are lowering their growth forecasts .
The financial turmoil gripping Wall Street will probably spill over onto every other street in America .
Most likely , current job losses are only the tip of an ugly iceberg .
But when Olivier Blanchard , the I.M.F.’s chief economist , was asked about the possibility of the world sinking into another Great Depression , he reassuringly replied that the chance was “ nearly nil . ”
He added , “ We ’ve learned a few things in 80 years . ”
Yes , we have .
But have we learned what caused the Depression of the 1930s ?
Most important , have we learned enough to avoid doing the same thing again ?
The Depression began , to a large extent , as a garden - variety downturn .
The 1920s were a boom decade , and as it came to a close the Federal Reserve tried to rein in what might have been called the irrational exuberance of the era .
In 1928 , the Fed maneuvered to drive up interest rates .
So interest - sensitive sectors like construction slowed .
But things took a bad turn after the crash of October 1929 .
Lower stock prices made households poorer and discouraged consumer spending , which then made up three - quarters of the economy .
( Today it ’s about two - thirds . )
Actually , it 's more than that -- or it was , before the recent collapse .
At the peak , consumer spending got up over 70 % -- very close to the 1929 level .
Greg goes on to note the bank failures of the early 1930s , and the apparently boneheaded moves the government made to get the economy back on the right track again .
He observes that bank failures cost depositors and shareholders the equivalent of $ 340 billion in losses .
That sounds like a huge number , but when you add up Bear Stearns , Lehman , AIG , Fannie , Freddie , and the hundreds of billions in market value that have been lopped off of every other financial institution , we 've probably already blown past that ( the losses to depositors , thankfully , are likely far less ) .
The big mistake in the 1930s , most historians concur , is that the government tightened the money supply .
Ben Bernanke is one of those historians , and he's now printing as much money as he can .
We certainly hope this works .
For now , however , we just can't take much solace in the consensus that we know better now , that it 's different this time .
See Also : Fighting The Last Depression While Ushering In The Next One
Haendel Dantas
Publicitário .
Viciado em informação de qualidade .
Ansioso ao extremo .
Não me considero , mas gosto desse mundo Geek / Nerd .
Criei o Comunicadores em 2006 para ser meu catálogo de coisas criativas e comunicativas , e hoje compartilho com todos para que se inspirem .
The agreement with New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo and the Securities and Exchange Commission could pave the way for other settlements stemming from February 's meltdown of the $ 330 billion auction - rate market .
Late Thursday , Merrill Lynch said it will follow Citigroup in cobbling together a settlement for clients who bought auction rate securities , amid growing pressure from its own brokers to pay their clients back .
Confirming a report on CNBC that Merrill was considering such a move , the firm said that effective January 15 , 2009 , and through January 15 , 2010 , it will offer to buy at par auction rate securities sold by it to its retail clients .
For Citigroup , the settlement will hinder efforts by Chief Executive Vikram Pandit to slash costs and restore profitability following $ 17.4 billion of losses in the last three quarters .
" It 's really a face - saving attempt , " said Brian Yelvington , an analyst at CreditSights in New York .
" If Citi is able to pull this off , the other banks that have sponsored these programs could be under pressure to do something similar . "
Auction - rate debt has interest rates that reset through periodic auctions , typically held every seven , 28 or 35 days .
The market was once considered safe , but much of it remains frozen after Wall Street brokerages stopped supporting the debt .
The market seizure resulted in higher borrowing costs for state and local governments , hurting taxpayers .
Are you still following the old marketing rules ?
Well , that can be the point which is not bringing in enough …
TRUST - BASED SELLING
“ Sales ” and “ Trust ” rarely inhabit the same sentence .
Customers fear being “ sold ” — they suspect sellers have only their own interests at heart .
Is this a built - in conflict ?
Or can sellers serve buyers ’ interests and their own as well ?
The solution is simple to state , hard to live — and totally worth the effort .
FIND OUT MORE
Handbags meets Digital Media .
Showing the bad ethics , hypocrisy and stupidity of the companies behind our TV Shows , our documentaries , our movies , and our music .
In day to day life it is hard to sometimes appreciate the restrictions put on us because they become camouflaged into our every day life and are just accepted as the norm .
The media industry is trying to camouflage a lot of unethical restrictions to become the norm of how we consume video and music .
This will result in us paying more money while slowing down the human race by reducing the flow of information and entertainment .
Applying the logic of the digital media industry to the handbag industry may seem like an unorthodox topic for BagBunch.com , but it sure does point out the hypocrisies and bad ethics of certain media companies and organisations .
This is an area that is relatively well - known among tech geeks , but is often not recognized among a lot of the population - this article aims to bring to light some of those issues in the media industry .
What the media industry tries to do can get a bit confusing being a fracas of technical and legal jargon .
So comparing how one complex industry works , with a more understandable and tangible industry like handbags helps to put things in perspective .
Some of the analogies below are not intended to be a 100 % accurate contrast , but an informal and tongue - in - cheek way to point out the hypocrisy , stupidity and bad ethics of certain elements of the media industry .
Welcome the HIAA
The media industry sees the likes of the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) and the Motion Picture Association of America ( MPAA ) serving the interests of big music and video companies to ultimately make them more money , putting ethics ( and often law ) aside .
The handbag industry could benefit from a similar organization , The Handbag Industry Association of America ( HIAA ) .
Replica Handbags Fund Terrorism and Drug Trade
Pointing out the inadequacies of replica handbags to their higher quality originals is a common standpoint of handbag designers , but they are not going far enough .
If the handbag owners took some tips from the Movie Picture Association of America ( MPAA ) then they could soon be putting out propaganda stating replica handbags fund terrorism and support the drug trade .
Naked YouTube Videos
If you want to post a video of yourself on YouTube you best get naked .
The rights holders in the music industry wo n't let you play a snippet of your favourite song in the background of your YouTube video without being sued , so the fashion industry wo n't let you wear your handbag or even your clothes in your YouTube video as someone ( probably a terrorist or drug dealer ) could steal the design .
High Online Bag Prices
Handbags sold or rented online would be introduced at a higher price than those in regular stores to protect traditional sales in the shops , just like with movies rented and sold online .
This price fixing would make absolutely no sense and would achieve nothing but ripping off the consumer .
Get Sued for Sharing Handbags
If you buy a handbag do n't expect to share it with your friends unless you want to be sued for a crazy amount .
Just as the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) likes to sue music sharers for up to $ 150,000 per $ 2 track the handbag companies could sue handbag sharers .
By RIAA standards if a guilty party shared a $ 30 handbag with friends they should be sued $ 2,250,000 .
Obviously making wild and unsupported claims of the damage handbag sharing does to the handbag industry will come as standard for the HIAA .
HRM for Handbags
Handbags purchased or rented will be built in with a series of high - tech security features to prevent sharing of the handbag , restrict the ways it can be used and / or prevent copying of the design , all at the cost of the consumer 's experience .
The media industry is keen to include more Digital Rights Management ( DRM ) which dictates how people can share and use their music and video , for example , preventing you from backing up your iPod music to a CD in an effort to ' fight piracy ' .
The handbag industry could introduce Handbags Rights Management ( HRM ) which controls how people can use a handbag they paid for .
See the next couple of points to see how HRM could be used in the handbag industry .
Handbags Only Work in One Country
So you buy your handbag while abroad on holiday only to get back and find it does n't work in your country because the handbag companies purposely made it that way .
As soon as your plane lands home items just fall out of the bottom of your bags and suitcases .
This is a tactic the media industry has used for decades preventing people from using media and electronic devices in different countries .
It sounds completely crazy and would not be accepted for a handbag so why do we accept it with media and electronics ?
Handbags for One Outfit Only
Handbag companies have shown a distinct lack of imagination when it comes thinking of ways to squeeze every last penny out of the consumer .
Compare that to the broadcasting industry that have some very imaginative plans .
The broadcasting industry is keen to establish laws and technology that would only allow the music or video you buy to be accessed from one device .
So , for example , if you purchased a downloadable movie online , it would be illegal for you to stream that movie to your own TV set , or copy it to a DVD to watch at your friends house .
In essence they want you pay for use of the video or music per device you want to use it on .
Applying this to the handbag industry you would only be able to use your handbag with a single outfit .
Want to wear it with a different outfit then you would have to pay for it again .
Own only one handbag then be prepared to wear the same outfit day in and day out .
This makes just as little sense in the bag industry as it does in the media industry .
Support Fair Rights in Digital Media
You can support fairness and consumer rights in the digital media industry by joining or donating to the Electronic Frontier Foundation or The Open Rights Group .
August 01 , 2008 at 09:24 Tags Python
As I wrote in the last post , I found matplotlib to be a very nice library for plotting .
So , considering that I really plan to use it for my Python programs at work , I 've spent a little time to write some proof - of - concept code ( I do this often when learning a new library .
Nothing serves as a better reference than your own code ) .
The first demo I wrote displays a bar plot , allowing the user to change the data shown on it in real - time , as well as using the matplotlib navigation toolbar and saving the plot to a file .
Additionally , it allows some basic interaction with the plot ( clicking on a bar brings up a message box ) and playing with the plot 's properties like the grid and the width of the bars .
You can download this demo from here .
The second demo is rather more sophisticated .
It explores the dynamic abilities of matplotlib , which allows smooth and flicker - less animation .
This demo features a " live " graph that runs continuously ( unless the user asks it to pause ) .
The user can explore the graph by selecting limits for the X and Y axes , and select whether he wants to see the grid and the X axis labels .
It can be downloaded from here
Would you like to add or edit content here ?
Here 's how you can have an account !
From FreeThoughtPedia
What Does The Bible Say About Abortion ?
Absolutely nothing !
The word " abortion " does not appear in any translation of the bible !
Out of more than 600 laws of Moses , none comments on abortion .
One Mosaic law about miscarriage specifically contradicts the claim that the bible is antiabortion , clearly stating that miscarriage does not involve the death of a human being .
If a woman has a miscarriage as the result of a fight , the man who caused it should be fined .
If the woman dies , however , the culprit must be killed :
- Ex 21:22-25 :
" If men strive , and hurt a woman with child , so that her fruit depart from her , and yet no mischief follow : he shall be surely punished according as the woman 's husband will lay upon him ; and he shall pay as the judges determine .
And if any mischief follow , then thou shalt give life for life , Eye for eye , tooth for tooth ...
The bible orders the death penalty for murder of a human being , but not for the expulsion of a fetus .
When Does Life Begin ?
According to the bible , life begins at birth -- when a baby draws its first breath .
The bible defines life as " breath " in several significant passages , including the story of Adam 's creation in Genesis 2:7 , when God " breathed into his nostrils the breath of life ; and man became a living soul . "
Jewish law traditionally considers that personhood begins at birth .
Desperate for a biblical basis for their beliefs , some antiabortionists cite obscure passages , usually metaphors or poetic phrasing , such as :
- Psalm 51:5 :
Behold , I was shapen in iniquity ; and in sin did my mother conceive me .
This is sexist , but does nothing other than to invoke original sin .
It says nothing about abortion .
The Commandments , Moses , Jesus and Paul ignored every chance to condemn abortion .
If abortion was an important concern , why did n't the bible say so ?
Many antiabortionists quote the sixth commandment , " Thou shalt not kill " ( Ex. 20:13 ) as evidence that the bible is antiabortion .
They fail to investigate the bible 's definition of life ( breath ) or its deafening silence on abortion .
Moreover , the Mosaic law in Exodus 21:22 - 25 , directly following the Ten Commandments , makes it clear that an embryo or fetus is not a human being .
An honest reader must admit that the bible contradicts itself .
" Thou shalt not kill " did not apply to many living , breathing human beings , including children , who are routinely massacred in the bible .
The Mosaic law orders " Thou shalt kill " people for committing such " crimes " as cursing one 's father or mother ( Ex. 21:17 ) , for being a " stubborn son " ( Deut. 21:18 - 21 ) , for being a homosexual ( Lev. 20:13 ) , or even for picking up sticks on the Sabbath ( Numbers 15:32 - 35 ) .
Far from protecting the sanctity of life , the bible promotes capital punishment for conduct which no civilized person or nation would regard as criminal .
Mass killings were routinely ordered , committed or approved by the God of the bible .
One typical example is Numbers 25:4 - 9 , when the Lord casually orders Moses to massacre 24,000 Israelites : " Take all the heads of the people , and hang them up before the Lord against the sun . "
Clearly , the bible is not pro-life .
Most scholars and translators agree that the injunction against killing forbade only the murder of ( already born ) Hebrews .
It was open season on everyone else , including children , pregnant women and newborn babies .
Does God Kill Babies ?
- Psalm 137:9 :
Happy shall he be , that taketh and dasheth thy little ones against the stones .
The bible is not pro-child .
Why did God set a bear upon 42 children just for teasing a prophet ( 2 Kings 2:23 - 24 ) ?
Far from demonstrating a " pro-life " attitude , the bible decimates innocent babies and pregnant women in passage after gory passage , starting with the flood and the wanton destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah , progressing to the murder of the firstborn child of every household in Egypt ( Ex. 12:29 ) , and the New Testament threats of annihilation .
Space permits only a small sampling of biblical commandments or threats to kill children :
Numbers 31:17
Now therefore kill every male among the little ones .
Deuteronomy 2:34 utterly destroyed the men and the women and the little ones .
Deuteronomy 28:53
And thou shalt eat the fruit of thine own body , the flesh of thy sons and of thy daughters .
I Samuel 15:3 slay both man and woman , infant and suckling .
2 Kings 8:12 dash their children , and rip up their women with child .
2 Kings 15:16 all the women therein that were with child he ripped up .
Isaiah 13:16
Their children also shall be dashed to pieces before their eyes ; their houses shall be spoiled and their wives ravished .
Isaiah 13:18
They shall have no pity on the fruit of the womb ; their eyes shall not spare children .
Lamentations 2:20
Shall the women eat their fruit , and children .
Ezekiel 9:6
Slay utterly old and young , both maids and little children .
Hosea 9:14 give them a miscarrying womb and dry breasts .
Hosea 13:16 their infants shall be dashed in pieces , and their women with child shall be ripped up .
Then there are the dire warnings of Jesus in the New Testament :
- Luke 23:29 :
For , behold , the days are coming , in which they shall say , Blessed are the barren , and the womb that never bare , and the paps which never gave suck .
The teachings and contradictions of the bible show that antiabortionists do not have a " scriptural base " for their claim that their deity is " pro-life . "
Spontaneous abortions occur far more often than medical abortions .
Gynecology textbooks conservatively cite a 15 % miscarriage rate , with one medical study finding a spontaneous abortion rate of almost 90 % in very early pregnancy .
That would make a deity in charge of nature the greatest abortionist in history !
Are Bible Teachings Kind to Women ?
The bible is neither antiabortion nor pro-life , but does provide a biblical basis for the real motivation behind the antiabortion religious crusade : hatred of women .
The bible is anti-woman , blaming women for sin , demanding subservience , mandating a slave / master relationship to men , and demonstrating contempt and lack of compassion :
- Genesis 3:16 :
I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception ; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children ; and thy desire shall be to thy husband , and he shall rule over thee .
What self - respecting woman today would submit willingly to such tyranny ?
The antiabortion position does not demonstrate love for humanity , or compassion for real human beings .
Worldwatch Institute statistics show that 50 % of abortions worldwide are illegal , and that at least 200,000 women die every year -- and thousands more are hurt and maimed -- from illegal or self - induced abortions .
Unwanted pregnancies and complications from multiple pregnancies are a leading killer of women .
Why do antiabortionists want North American women to join these ghastly mortality statistics ?
Every day around the world more than 40,000 people , mostly children , die from starvation or malnutrition .
We must protect and cherish the right to life of the already - born .
Do Churches Support Abortion Rights ?
Numerous Christian denominations and religious groups agree that the bible does not condemn abortion and that abortion should continue to be legal .
These include :
American Baptist Churches -USA
American Ethical Union
American Friends ( Quaker ) Service Committee
American Jewish Congress
Christian Church ( Disciples of Christ )
Episcopal Church
Lutheran Women's Caucus
Moravian Church in America - Northern Province
Presbyterian Church ( USA )
Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints
Union of American Hebrew Congregations
Unitarian Universalist Association
United Church of Christ
United Methodist Church
United Synagogue of America
Women 's Caucus Church of the Brethren
YWCA
Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice
Catholics for Free Choice
Evangelicals for Choice
Belief that " a human being exists at conception " is a matter of faith , not fact .
Legislating antiabortion faith would be as immoral and un-American as passing a law that all citizens must attend Catholic mass !
The bible does not condemn abortion ; but even if it did , we live under a secular constitution , not in a theocracy .
The separation of church and state , the right to privacy , and women 's rights all demand freedom of choice .
This information is republished with permission from the Freedom From Religion Foundation
See also
A reader writes :
The shocker is not that Palin was chosen , or that she turns on Rich Lowry .
( Let 's face it : Palin is incredibly attractive , she uses her sex appeal to make straight men wither , women have been using that strategy since Cleopatra , and men will continue to cave in to such tactics until at least the next Ice Age . )
The real shocker is that conservative Republicans -- after 8 years of George Bush -- are * again * willing to put all their hopes into a charismatic , folksy leader who is ideologically rigid and intellectually stupid .
With her complete inability to express herself on complex issues , and her willingness to mask that with folksy charm and talking points , Palin is a carbon - copy of W .
Would n't you think that conservatives would be more wary of her after seeing the destruction that George Bush has wrought ?
The fact that they splash Palin 's picture on the cover of the National Review with the words " The One , " while knowing full well she lacks any intellectual fortitude and will therefore require a shadow presidency ( is Todd Palin the next Dick Cheney ? ) , tells me it will take a deeper collapse of America 's foundations for conservatives to realize that this strategy is , has been , and always will be , fundamentally flawed .
Palin is the aroma that rises from the corpse of American conservatism .
And they find it invigorating .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
McCain Campaign Has Own Voter - Registration Scandal
Created : October 22 , 2008 06:02 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
After weeks of escalating Republican attacks on the Assn. of Community Organizations for Reform Now , or ACORN , for alleged voter registration fraud , it turns out the McCain campaign has its own fraud charges to respond to .
The Huffington Post reports that McCain has paid $ 175,000 to Lincoln Strategy Group , a political consulting group based in Arizona and run by Republican operative Nathan Sproul , who ’s been accused of voter registration fraud in several states — in the form of throwing away Democratic registration forms and suppressing Democratic voter turnout .
HuffPost also reports that the Republican National Committee separately paid Lincoln Strategy another $ 37,000 to register voters for this election .
Sproul , meanwhile , has donated nearly $ 30,000 to the McCain campaign .
He ’s also a former leader of the Arizona Republican Party and of the state ’s Christian Coalition .
Labor 's high - speed National Broadband Network is a step in the right direction , but their plan to block inappropriate websites by forcing ISPs to install content filtering systems will slow down internet access and raise the cost of service .
Unlike website filters installed on your personal computer , filters installed at your ISP need to check hundreds of thousands of websites and then decide whether they 're pornographic or inappropriate .
As it stands , no technology capable of doing this accurately exists .
Current filters are of varying accuracy and severely affect internet performance - and the Government knows it .
A recent ACMA report on ISP filtering products showed that all of the products tested degraded Internet performance , with two of them reducing speed by more than 75 per cent .
One filter reduced network speed by only 2 per cent , but it was one of the least accurate at identifying inappropriate and illegal websites .
It also mistakenly blocked many innocent sites .
The Minister for Broadband , Communications and the Digital Economy , Senator Stephen Conroy , seemed oblivious to this and hailed the trial a success .
Senator Conroy insists mandatory filtering will protect children from violent and pornographic content online , but that 's simply untrue .
It 's rare that surfing the web will unwillingly land you head first in illicit pictures and movies .
On most occasions you need to be searching for risqué material to find it and that wo n't change with a filter in place .
Nor will access to it as circumvention can be easily achieved within minutes .
For those occasions when you do accidently stumble across pornography , there 's no guarantee a filter would block it anyway .
As for banning websites that are ' inappropriate ' , is the Government really in the best position to decide what that is ?
Does inappropriate include information on sexual health , breast - feeding , drugs and abortion ?
The one size fits all approach of filtering at ISP level causes problems because young children , teenagers and adults often use the same family computer .
Material inappropriate in one household might be appropriate in another , but the Government 's scheme does n't allow for any fine - tuning .
It 's a poor substitute for the discretion and attention of parents .
A combination of supervision , education and empowerment is the only way we can be sure children are equipped to navigate the web responsibly .
Arguments that filtering is worth trying , even if it does n't work , show complete disregard for the well being of young Australians and their future standing as technology leaders .
Meanwhile , extra ISP infrastructure needed to meet the burden of filtering will drive up the cost of your internet service bill .
Network engineer Mark Newton says ISPs will also require more call centre staff to deal with angry customers who can't access websites .
Large operators may be able to absorb these costs , but small ISPs risk going under and consumer choice becoming limited .
As a matter of fact , all businesses risk losing out under the Government 's plan .
Given the rate the tested filters block innocent websites , a whopping 10,000 out of every one million at best , it wo n't take long for sites belonging to the local plumber or GP to be mistaken and banned .
Any loss of income due to website downtime is inexcusable and it's still not clear if or how we 'll be able to appeal a decision .
There 's also the issue of filtering HTTPS web traffic - the protocol used for online banking transactions .
Five of the filters tested for ACMA could intercept HTTPS traffic , a worrying prospect if the Government intends to use one for blocking secure websites that are inappropriate or illegal .
A filter inspecting secure banking data and online purchases for unsavory content effectively opens the door to fraudsters and undermines the entire e-commerce process .
To provide a safer environment for children online we need to focus on areas posing a real threat to young Australians like cyber - bullying , identity theft and online predators .
Filtering does nothing to reduce these risks .
Just like we educate children about staying safe outside , we need to educate them about staying safe online .
Walk them through it just like we'd walk them to the park .
If that means educating parents unfamiliar with the Internet as well , then let 's do it .
Despite all the shortcomings in the ACMA report , the Government is progressing to live ISPs trials using real customers .
Senator Conroy and his department are unwilling to acknowledge that ISP filtering is unworkable and find themselves in a position where it seems hard to turn back , though not impossible .
Instead his office prefers to brand those who object as presenting extreme views or equating freedom of speech with watching child pornography .
I 'm sure Labor 's time would be better spent implementing their other cyber - safety promises aimed at actually benefiting children .
To make matters worse , Senator Conroy 's office now says filters will be mandatory for all internet users .
Australians will pay for ISP filtering with decreased performance and higher charges , but to limit the free flow of information that makes the Internet the most valuable communication and education tool of our time , means we 'll pay a much larger price in the long term .
Michael Meloni is a production manager at an online media company in Brisbane .
He blogs about censorship issues at Somebody Think Of The Children .
Advertisements
While speaking in Abington , PA today , Democratic Presidential candidate Barack Obama talked about jobs , the criticism from McCain / Palin that the Obama economic plan would kill jobs .
Obama said that the McCain camp know something about killing jobs , because their policies kill jobs every day .
“ You know , there were a lot of noteworthy moments in that debate , but there ’s one that sticks out this morning .
It ’s when Governor Palin said to Joe Biden that our plan to get our economy out of the ditch was somehow a job killing plan .
I wonder if she turned on the news this morning , ” Obama said .
He then hit McCain on the economy again , and talked about the new jobs numbers , “ Because it was just reported that America has experienced its ninth straight month of job loss .
Just since January , we ’ve lost more than 750,000 jobs across America , 7,000 in Pennsylvania alone .
This is the economy that John McCain said – just two weeks ago – was fundamentally strong .
This is the economy that my opponent said made great progress under the policies of George W. Bush .
And those are the economic policies that he proposes to continue for another four years . ”
Advertisements
The Democrat accused the policies McCain supports of killing jobs everyday , “ So when Senator McCain and his running mate talk about job killing , that ’s something they know a thing or two about .
Because the policies they ’re supporting are killing jobs every single day . ”
This is there language of politics in states like Michigan , Ohio , and Pennsylvania .
Even the Republicans in Pennsylvania talk about job creation .
The economy in general is the big issues , but the economic discussion centers around jobs .
The reason why the McCain campaign is failing in each of these states is because they talk about jobs , but do n’t speak the language of jobs .
John McCain talks about jobs , small businesses , and tax cuts .
The people in these states know that tax cuts do n’t create permanent jobs in their states .
Pennsylvania has been using tax cuts for decades , only to see companies move here for the duration of the tax cut then leave .
The state already has a low business tax rate , but in Central and Western Pennsylvania the jobs still go away .
McCain has n’t gained the trust of these voters to handle the economy .
He pulled out of Michigan yesterday , and I would not be all that shocked if he cut back his resources in Pennsylvania before Election Day , and concentrated on Ohio .
There has not been a single poll that showed McCain winning in Pennsylvania , and it is because Obama speaks the language of jobs that he is likely to win this state .
Full Text of Obama ’s Remarks
Our insatiable commitment to deliver more than expected in every aspect of our products resulted in me being curious , if we are as flexible as we think and whether one can always achieve his goal be it out of the box or with custom solution using our API and other controls if necessary .
Hmmm what could that custom solution be – how about a custom Toolbar for our web ReportViewer .
For those of you , who are unfamiliar with our Web ReportViewer , here is a short description – it is designed to render Telerik Reports within ASP.
NET projects and it has a toolbar that provides basic functionality for interacting with the currently - loaded report , such as :
Go to first page
Go to previous page
Go to a specific page
Total number of pages
Go to next page
Go to last page
Zoom level
Export : reports can be exported to Web Archive ( MSHTML ) , TIFF , PDF , RTF , Excel and CSV
Refresh the report
Print the report : " true " print functionality requires the Adobe Reader plug - in ( v.6 and above ) and uses Image / PDF rendering .
If the Adobe Reader browser plug - in is not installed then the default browser printing is used .
Ok these seem all fine and dandy , but what if we wanted to add another button that does something else for us – let ’s say export and send the report as email attachment ( for more info on that check out my previous blog post ) .
Well it ’s all easy with our flexible client - side API , that allows you to interact with the shown report .
Getting a reference to the ReportViewer is simple - the ReportViewer control creates a client - side object with the ClientID of the viewer .
You can obtain reference to it by using the following javascript code :
var viewer = <%=ReportViewer1.ClientID
%>
Once you have the client - side object you can use the exposed methods that are outlined in this help article .
Now the question at hand is what UI should we provide for our custom toolbar , once we hide the built - in toolbar – what best option than our own Toolbar for ASP .
NET AJAX .
One look at it and it is clear that the OnClientButtonClicking Handler client handler would be where we would implement all of the interacting .
I would not go in details about the code , as I think a screenshot and attached working application worth a thousand words .
Enjoy !
[ Download Application ]
About Us
Rattangardenfurniture.uk.com is here to help you find the perfect piece of outdoor furniture for your home or business .
We showcase a wide range of products for you to buy online , with home delivery in the UK ( excluding the Scottish highlands ) .
You can always contact us via phone ( 01455 274748 ) or email ( [ email protected ] ) .
Customs inspectors at a pier in New York City send a sealed cargo container just taken off a ship from Istanbul through a radiation scanner .
A dozen new tractors seem to be inside .
Although the detector senses no radiation , the inspectors open the container anyway .
Their handheld units show no radiation either , so they allow the container to leave .
A private hauler drives it to a small Midwestern city .
There terrorist cell members remove what was their final shipment of highly enriched uranium , concealed as 10 metal washers in the tractor engines , together weighing two kilograms .
Months later an improvised nuclear device with a yield of one kiloton is detonated in Los Angeles .
The blast , fire and airborne radioactivity kill more than 100,000 people .
Virtually all shipping into the U.S. is halted , precipitating a financial crisis .
Military operations commence in the Middle East after forensics and intelligence efforts trace the plot to cells in Pakistan and Iran .
EXCLUSIVE : Shocking proposal urges military leaders to attack major foreign power
Paul Joseph Watson & Yihan Dai
Prison Planet.com
Thursday , October 30 , 2008
According to reports out of top Chinese mainstream news outlets , the RAND Corporation recently presented a shocking proposal to the Pentagon in which it lobbied for a war to be started with a major foreign power in an attempt to stimulate the American economy and prevent a recession .
A fierce debate has now ensued in China about who that foreign power may be , with China itself as well as Russia and even Japan suspected to be the targets of aggression .
The reports cite French media news sources as having uncovered the proposal , in which RAND suggested that the $ 700 billion dollars that has been earmarked to bailout Wall Street and failing banks instead be used to finance a new war which would in turn re-invigorate the flagging stock markets .
The RAND Corporation is a notoriously powerful NGO with deep ties to the U.S. military - industrial complex as well as interlocking connections with the Ford , Rockefeller , and Carnegie foundations .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Current directors of RAND include Frank Charles Carlucci III , former Defense Secretary and Deputy Director of the CIA , Ronald L. Olson , Council on Foreign Relations luminary and former Secretary of Labor , and Carl Bildt , top Bilderberg member and former Swedish Prime Minister .
Carlucci was chairman of the Carlyle Group from 1989 - 2005 and oversaw gargantuan profits the defense contractor made in the aftermath of 9/11 following the invasion of Afghanistan .
The Carlyle Group has also received investment money from the Bin Laden family .
Reportedly , the RAND proposal brazenly urged that a new war could be launched to benefit the economy , but stressed that the target country would have to be a major influential power , and not a smaller country on the scale of Afghanistan or Iraq .
The reports have prompted a surge of public debate and tension in China about the possibility that a new global conflict is on the horizon .
China ’s biggest media outlet , Sohu.com , speculated that the target of the new war would probably be China or Russia , but that it could also be Iran or another middle eastern country .
Japan was also mentioned as a potential target for the reason that Japan holds the most U.S. debt .
North Korea was considered as a target but ruled out because the scale of such a war would not be large enough for RAND ’s requirements .
The reported RAND proposal dovetails with recent comments made by Joe Biden , Colin Powell , Madeleine Albright and others , concerning the “ guarantee ” that Barack Obama will face a major “ international crisis ” soon after taking office .
It also arrives following a warning from Michael Bayer , chairman of a key Pentagon advisory panel , who echoed the statement that the next administration will face an international crisis within months of taking office .
One would hope that good people , or at least sane people who do n’t wish to start a global nuclear war , will oppose the RAND proposal , such as top the military generals who threatened to quit if Bush ordered an attack on Iran .
Admiral William Fallon , the head of US Central Command , quit in March last year as a result of his opposition to Bush administration policy on Iran .
Translations from Chinese provided by Yihan Dai .
SOURCES
Sohu.com – http://news.sohu.com/20081030/n260330741.shtml
Ifeng.com – http://news.ifeng.com/mil/4/200810/1029_342_851523.shtml
Rough computer translation of Sohu.com article .
Accurate translation of full article provided by native Chinese speaker Yihan Dai .
This article was posted : Thursday , October 30 , 2008 at 11:47 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Pictured : Stunning images of spiral galaxy 50 million light years away
It can usually only be seen as a faint fuzzy spot through the average telescope , but these stunning images show just how magnificent the spiral galaxy NGC 7331 can be .
The galaxy is around 50 million light years away in the northern constellation , Pegasus , and is similar in size to our own ' Milky Way ' galaxy .
The long - exposure photographs were taken with a LAICA camera ( Large Area Imager ) by the Calar Alto Observatory , based in southern Spain , who attached a camera to a 3.5 m telescope to capture the impressive shots .
Diffuse clouds made up from dust and complex organic molecules can be seen in the long - range images of NGC 7331
The outstanding spiral structure of NGC 7331 is seen shining behind a number of stars belonging to our galaxy the Milky Way , and in front of a rich background populated by an overwhelming variety of distant galaxies .
A thin haze of the ghostly , fuzzy and dusty nebulae known as galactic cirrus is visible .
The diffuse clouds are made up from dust , complex organic molecules and gas .
NGC 7331 was discovered by the astronomer Wilhelm Herschel in 1784 .
The sharpness of the images are believed to represent the deepest view of the region to date .
The galaxy was discovered in 1784 by Wilhelm Herschel
Last time [ 1 ] , I gave a survey of the first batch of suggested library extensions that were considered at the October 2001 C++ standards meeting in Redmond , Washington , USA .
This time , as promised , we 'll take a closer look at one of the proposed facilities  smart pointers , which were discussed again at the following April 2002 standards meeting in Curaçao , in the Netherlands Antilles .
And Then There Was One
In today 's Standard C++ , there 's only one smart pointer : std::auto_ptr .
Considering that it 's such a tiny feature , auto_ptr sure has received copious attention .
The main reason for the attention is that attention is deserved , both positively and negatively .
On the one hand , auto_ptr is very useful for specific situations and those uses deserve to be described ; see the discussion in Items 19 and 37 of Exceptional C++ [ 2 ] , Item 10 of More Effective C++ [ 3 ] , and my article " Using auto_ptr Effectively , " available online [ 4 ] .
On the other hand , auto_ptr can also be moderately suspicious to highly dangerous in other situations , such as the minefield of trying to put auto_ptr s into standard containers like vector and map ; see for example Item 21 of More Exceptional C++ [ 5 ] and Item 28 of More Effective C+ + [ 3 ] .
( On the gripping hand , as Niven and Pournelle might say , auto_ptr relies on some fairly obscure language trickery to make it deliberately not work in some dangerous cases .
Fortunately this trickery gets less press  the details are not for the faint of heart .
Suffice it to say that auto_ptr is designed with some sleight of hand that 's intended to make it deliberately break when used with , say , standard containers . )
So today 's Standard C++ has exactly one smart pointer : auto_ptr .
That 's it .
So it must be all you need , right ?
Not a bit of it .
There 's more to this story .
It 's actually a real shame that auto_ptr is the only standard smart pointer , for at least two reasons .
First , auto_ptr does n't do all the useful things that smart pointers might be good for ; there are many good uses of smart pointers that poor auto_ptr was never designed to support , and should n't , and does n't .
Second , auto_ptr can be a dangerous snake that turns and bites you on the hand if you do try to use it in some of those other ways .
The first piece of good news is that many good and useful smart pointers are available and were available even before auto_ptr .
The only problem is that they were n't , and are n't , standard .
That 's somewhere between disappointing and annoying , depending on how portable your code needs to be  standard features are of course generally the most portable .
The second piece of good news is that those alternative smart pointers are now strong candidates for inclusion into the Standard .
( Some could have been in the original Standard ; see [ 1 ] .
But better late than never . )
If One Is Good , Six Are Better ... (?)
The Boost library ships with five additional smart pointers [ 6 ] .
All of these smart pointer templates take a single type parameter specifying the type of the object to be held .
Briefly , here they are :
scoped_ptr : a non-copyable smart pointer intended to be used as an auto ( stack ) object .
When a scoped_ptr goes out of scope and is destroyed , it will automatically delete the single object it points to .
Arguably , scoped_ptr is what auto_ptr ought to have been in the first place , way back when auto_ptr was first meant to be really an " auto " pointer .
But scoped_ptr does n't support the modern auto_ptr 's important additional usefulness for sources and sinks ( described in [ 4 ] ) .
: a non-copyable smart pointer intended to be used as an auto ( stack ) object .
When a goes out of scope and is destroyed , it will automatically delete the single object it points to .
Arguably , is what ought to have been in the first place , way back when was first meant to be really an " auto " pointer .
But does n't support the modern 's important additional usefulness for sources and sinks ( described in [ 4 ] ) .
scoped_array : like scoped_ptr , but owns an array instead of a single object .
: like , but owns an array instead of a single object .
shared_ptr : a reference - counted smart pointer intended to be used to share " handles " to the pointed - at object .
When a shared_ptr goes out of scope and is destroyed , if it is the last shared_ptr pointing at the owned object , it will automatically delete the owned object  a classic case of " last one out , turn off the lights . "
Note that shared_ptr does support auto_ptr 's important use for sources and sinks .
More importantly , it can be safely used in a container , which for auto_ptr s is not allowed and highly dangerous .
: a reference - counted smart pointer intended to be used to share " handles " to the pointed - at object .
When a goes out of scope and is destroyed , if it is the last pointing at the owned object , it will automatically delete the owned object  a classic case of " last one out , turn off the lights . "
Note that does support 's important use for sources and sinks .
More importantly , it can be safely used in a container , which for s is not allowed and highly dangerous .
shared_array : like shared_ptr , but owns an array instead of a single object .
: like , but owns an array instead of a single object .
weak_ptr : to be used in conjunction with a shared_ptr .
If you have an object that 's already managed by one or more shared_ptr s , you can create weak_ptr s to it too .
Now , the shared_ptr s still follow the " last one out , turn off the lights " policy ; the last shared_ptr will delete the owned object even if there are still weak_ptr s to it .
How is weak_ptr then any better than just a bald pointer to the object ?
Because the shared_ptr that turns off the lights will also check to see if any weak_ptr s still point to that object and set them to null if they do .
That 's a level of safety you do n't get with plain old raw pointers .
Let me repeat some advice from last time , because it 's worth repeating : if you know nothing else about Boost , know about shared_ptr .
It 's especially valuable if you ever want to have a container of pointers , because what you almost always really want is a container of shared_ptr s.
For one thing , they 'll be managed for you and will get cleaned up correctly , and they 'll avoid the usual pitfalls of using mutating STL algorithms on containers of bald pointers .
For another , they are not auto_ptr s , which is a Good Thing because auto_ptr s should never be put into STL containers .
The Boost approach is to have lots of special - purpose smart pointer types , one for each kind of smart pointer behavior .
In this model , a smart pointer template is quite simple :
template < typename T > class scoped_ptr ; template < typename T > class scoped_array ; template < typename T > class shared_ptr ; template < typename T > class shared_array ; template < typename T > class weak_ptr ;
Only one template parameter is needed , to specify the type of the owned object .
It is both an advantage and a disadvantage that these little class templates can all have very different interfaces if they want to .
On the one hand , it allows customization , say when a member function might make sense for one but not another smart pointer .
But , on the other hand , it also means that it 's easy to get inconsistent interfaces , especially when people start extending the facility by providing more smart pointers of their own , both within and outside the Boost library .
If Six Are Good , Infinity Is Better ... (?!)
Although Boost chooses to follow the model of designing special - purpose smart pointer templates , we can ask : " Why stop there ? "
In fact , some very bright language designers , notably Andrei Alexandrescu in Modern C++ Design [ 7 ] , have proposed that a " one size fits all " über - pointer may be an achievable dream , using policy - based design .
Policy - based design takes the view that certain details , such as checking policies and ownership policies , can be abstracted out into their own classes , which are then supplied as template parameters to configure or customize the basic smart pointer .
Thus Loki's SmartPtr template looks something like this :
template < typename T , template < class > class OwnershipPolicy = RefCounted , class ConversionPolicy = DisallowConversion , template < class > class CheckingPolicy = AssertCheck , template < class > class StoragePolicy = DefaultSPStorage > class SmartPtr ;
Note that we still have the obligatory template parameter T that describes the type of the pointed - at object .
But we also get policies that govern much of the behavior of the smart pointer .
The policies may look cumbersome to type out , but they are defaulted for those who do n't want or need to specify them ; the default Loki:: SmartPtr is a lot like a boost : : shared_ptr .
In fact , SmartPtr covers all that the four basic Boost smart pointers can do , and more .
( An equivalent of Boost 's weak_ptr could also be provided to work with a partial specialization of SmartPtr corresponding to shared_ptr . )
Indeed , Loki's SmartPtr is so much a superset of Boost 's smart pointers that we would love to just create synonyms .
In Standard C++ , the following code wo n't work because it relies on a feature that was frankly just overlooked , namely typedef templates ( for some existing discussion , see [ 8 ] ; I 'll be writing more about this up - and - coming feature in the future ) .
Barring major surprises , such as the Earth suddenly deciding to break out of its usual orbit and head for Mars on a holiday , typedef templates will be in the next C++ Standard , C++0 x ( see [ 9 ] ) .
If we had this feature , we could write the following synonym :
namespace boost { template < typename T> // typedef templates are n't standard typedef Loki:: SmartPtr // yet , but let 's overlook that for now ... < T , // note , T still varies RefCounted , // but everything else is fixed DisallowConversion , NoCheck , DefaultSPStorage > shared_ptr ; }
So that the usage would simply be , as usual :
shared_ptr<int > a ; // simple -- no fuss , no muss !
Similar synonyms could be created for shared_array , scoped_ptr , scoped_array , and even std::auto_ptr .
Such simple names for common configurations would make all the tedious template parameters go away for those common cases .
We can't do that today , alas , but once typedef templates become commonly available we will be able to do this and more .
SmartPtr really then describes an unlimited family of smart pointers having a consistent interface .
Note that because Loki's SmartPtr inherits publicly from its template parameter types , the interface does not have to be identical across the whole family ; the policies could add some visible functionality too .
Loki already comes with several predefined policies allowing hundreds of combinations .
But you can add your own policies , such as for managing COM and CORBA distributed objects and other advances uses , so the size of the SmartPtr family really is effectively unlimited .
Summary
The standards committee is still considering these options and welcomes other smart pointer submissions .
In particular , there is ongoing discussion , with different points of view , about whether the " one size fits all " customizable policy - based design is the way to go , or whether just a few special - purpose smart pointer templates are needed .
Want to weigh in ?
Start discussion on the Boost reflector [ 10 ] or on the comp.std .c++ newsgroup .
Next time : more news from the April 2002 standards meeting in Curaçao .
Stay tuned .
References
[ 1 ] H. Sutter .
" The New C++ : The Group of Seven  Extensions under Consideration for the C++ Standard Library , " C/C+ + Users Journal C++ Experts Forum , April 2002 , < www.cuj.com/experts/2004/sutter.htm>.
[ 2 ] H. Sutter .
Exceptional C++ ( Addison - Wesley , 2000 ) .
[ 3 ] S. Meyers .
More Effective C++ ( Addison - Wesley , 1996 ) .
[ 4 ] H. Sutter .
" Using auto_ptr Effectively , " C/C+ + Users Journal , October 1999 , available online at < www.gotw.ca/publications/using_auto_ptr_effectively.htm>.
[ 5 ] H. Sutter .
More Exceptional C++ ( Addison - Wesley , 2002 ) .
[ 6 ] < www.boost.org/libs/smart_ptr/index.htm>
[ 7 ] A. Alexandrescu .
Modern C++ Design ( Addison - Wesley , 2001 ) .
[ 8 ] H. Sutter .
" Guru of the Week # 79 : Template Typedef , " available online at < www.gotw.ca/gotw/079.htm>.
[ 9 ] H. Sutter .
" The New C++ , " C/C+ + Users Journal C++ Experts Forum , February 2002 , < www.cuj.com/experts/2002/sutter.htm>.
[ 10 ] C++ Boost , < www.boost.org>.
About the Author
Herb Sutter ( www.gotw.ca) is secretary of the ISO / ANSI C++ standards committee , author of the acclaimed books Exceptional C++ and More Exceptional C++ , and one of the instructors of The C++ Seminar ( www.gotw.ca/cpp_seminar).
In addition to his independent writing and consulting , he is also C++ community liaison for Microsoft .
People with autism - related disorders are less likely to make irrational decisions , and are less influenced by gut instincts , according to research funded by the Wellcome Trust .
The study adds to the growing body of research implicating altered emotional processing in autism .
Decision - making is a complex process , involving both intuition and analysis : analysis involves computation and more " rational " thought , but is slower ; intuition , by contrast , is much faster , but less accurate , relying on heuristics , or " gut instincts " .
Previous studies have shown that our response to a problem depends on how the problem is posed – the so called " framing effect " .
A surgeon who tells a patient that there is an 80 % chance of surviving an operation is more likely to gain consent than one who tells the patient there is a 20 % chance of dying , even though statistically these mean the same thing .
Now , in a study published today in the Journal of Neuroscience , researchers in Professor Ray Dolan 's group at the Wellcome Trust Centre for Neuroimaging at UCL ( University College London ) have used the framing effect to study decision - making in people with autism spectrum disorders ( ASD ) .
According to the National Autistic Society , these disorders affect up to one in a hundred people in the UK .
They range from mild conditions , such as Asperger syndrome , through to highly disabling conditions , such as Rett syndrome .
Symptoms – which vary widely in severity – include language problems , poor social interaction and rigid patterns of behaviour and thinking .
Participants in the study performed a task involving deciding whether or not to gamble with a sum of money .
For example , they would be given £ 50 and be presented with two options : option A was to keep £ 20 ; option B was to gamble , with a 40 % chance of keeping the full £ 50 and a 60 % chance of losing everything .
This version was known as the " gain frame " .
At other times , the participants would be presented with the " loss frame " , the only difference being that option A was phrased in terms of losing money .
In other words , when given £ 50 , option A was to lose £ 30 of their initial amount ; option B was the same as above .
Despite option A being essentially the same in both gain and loss frames , the researchers found that the " control " participants – those without ASD – were more likely to gamble if the first option was to " lose " rather than " keep " money .
For participants with ASD , this effect was much smaller , suggesting that this latter group was less susceptible to the framing effect – in other words , they were less likely to be guided by their emotions into making inconsistent or irrational choices .
" People with autism tended to be more consistent in their pattern of choices , their greater attention to detail perhaps helping them avoid being swayed by their emotions , " says Dr Neil Harrison .
Although this attention to detail and a reduced influence of emotion during decision - making is beneficial in some situations , it may be a handicap in daily life , explains Dr Benedetto De Martino .
" During social interactions a lot of information must be processed simultaneously , making this a very complicated computational task for the brain , " he says .
" To solve these complex problems we rely on simplifying heuristics – gut instincts – rather than extensive logical reasoning .
However , the price that we seem to pay for this ability is that sometimes irrelevant contextual information leads us to make inconsistent or illogical choices .
" Less reliance on gut instincts by people with autism may underlie their difficulties in social situations , but also enable them to avoid potentially irrelevant emotional information and make more consistent choices . "
The study reinforces previous research suggesting that the key difference in how people with ASD make decisions may lie in the amygdala , an area of the brain critically involved in processing emotions .
In a 2006 study published in the journal Science , Dr De Martino and colleagues showed that decision - making involves activity in the amygdala .
In people with ASD , the amygdala has been shown to differ from that in the majority of people – not in size , but in the density of nerve cells .
Dr Harrison believes their research may play an important role in highlighting the strengths of people with ASD , rather that focusing on negative aspects of the disorder .
" Our research shows a positive strength in people with autism , more research focussing on abilities as well as disabilities of people with autism will enable us to gain a clearer understanding of this condition while simultaneously assisting people with autism in living rich and full lives . "
FIVE PEOPLE on a flight from Kerry to Jersey received mobile phone text instructions from a quick - thinking air traffic controller when he guided them in to a safe landing at Cork .
In what air accident investigator John Hughes described in his report yesterday as a " serious incident " , the twin - engined Piper plane lost all onboard electrical power , communications and weather radar soon after take - off from Kerry airport on November 7th last .
He paid tribute to the initiative of the air traffic controller , saying the loss of all aircraft electrics during a flight " is considered very serious " .
When he realised his problem the 39 - year - old pilot , with four passengers on board , gained height and flew south .
With a radio communications blackout on board , the pilot used his mobile phone to repeatedly try to establish contact with Kerry airport and then air traffic control at Cork .
Eventually he managed to contact Cork on his phone , telling them about his problem and his intention to approach the airport from the sea .
He then lost audio telephone contact but the air traffic controller switched to texting and told the pilot that he had a primary radar signal on the aircraft and that Cork would allow them to land there .
He then used texts to guide the 30 - year - old plane in .
With no power the landing gear had to be lowered manually and the plane did a fly - past of the Cork control tower to check that it was successfully locked down before the plane landed safely .
" In this incident the positive and proactive initiative of the ATC controller , who , on realising that mobile audio communication from the pilot was intermittent , quickly switched to texting his instructions instead , " Mr Hughes said .
" This contributed to the safe resolution of the incident and , for such , the controller should be commended for his actions . "
Introduction
SISC is an extensible Java based interpreter of the algorithmic language Scheme .
SISC uses modern interpretation techniques , and handily outperforms all existing JVM interpreters ( often by more than an order of magnitude ) .
In addition , SISC is a complete implementation of the language .
The entire R5RS Scheme standard is supported , no exceptions .
This includes a full number tower including complex number support , arbitrary precision integers and floating point numbers , as well as hygienic R5RS macros , proper tail recursion , and first - class continuations ( not just the escaping continuations as in many limited Scheme systems ) .
SISC also attempts to implement the standard as correctly as possible , while still providing exceptional performance .
SISC also provides useful real - world extensions , such as networking , elegant exception handling , a scope - friendly module system , support for SLIB , numerous SRFIs , and a Java foreign - function interface .
Finally , native functionality can be added through the use of Modules , extensions that may add new types , values , and functions to the language .
These extensions can be packaged into scopable modules at the Scheme level as well .
SISC is released simultaneously under the terms of the Mozilla Public License ( MPL ) v1.1 and the GNU General Public License ( GPL ) v2 .
Users / Developers may choose which ever license suits their goals .
The following article is reprinted from Volume 11 , No. 1 of Divorce Litigation , a publication of National Legal Research Group , Charlottesville , Virginia .
copyright © 1999 National Legal Research Group and Laura Wish Morgan .
All rights reserved .
IT 'S TEN O'CLOCK : DO YOU KNOW WHERE YOUR SPERM ARE ?
TOWARD A STRICT LIABILITY THEORY OF PARENTAGE Laura Wish Morgan
Executive Editor , Divorce Litigation I. INTRODUCTION : THE STORY Peter Wallis and Kellie Smith worked together in Albuquerque , New Mexico at a local hospital .
After Ms. Smith and Mr. Wallis began living together , Ms. Smith discovered she was pregnant .
Mr. Wallis offered to marry Ms. Smith , but Ms. Smith declined on the basis that she believed Mr. Wallis did n't love her .
Mr. Wallis then evicted Ms. Smith from their apartment , and Ms. Smith went to live with her parents .
After the baby was born , Mr. Wallis sued Ms. Smith for breach of contract ( for failing to take the pill when she promised to use birth control ) , fraud ( for supposedly lying about taking the pill ; Ms. Smith states the pregnancy was accidental ) , and conversion , for " intentionally acquiring and misusing " his genetic material , to wit , his sperm , for the purpose of becoming pregnant without Mr. Smith 's consent .
Mr. Wallis claimed that even though Ms. Smith had not sued Mr. Wallis for child support ( she sued only for a declaration of paternity ) , he was nonetheless damaged because he had become a father without his consent and had to see his daughter born into a " broken home , " a situation that " broke his heart , " according to one interview .
Ms. Smith claimed that the sperm should be considered a gift , because Mr. Wallis " surrendered any right of possession to his semen when he transferred it during voluntary sexual intercourse . "
This story gathered much attention .
In fact , the story was picked up by the wire services and published in every major news outlet in the United States and Canada , causing pundits and commentators to wring their hands , beat their breasts , and rend their garments .
Sociologist Barbara Katz Rothman , quoted in an article by Barbara Vobejda for the Washington Post Wire Service and published in dozens of papers on November 23 , 1998 , said that Mr. Wallis 's lawsuit is symptomatic of a culture that treats sperm as a commodity by banking , donating , and selling it .
Others in various op - ed pages opined that the story is symptomatic of a culture that condones sex out of marriage and views a woman 's decision to have a baby out of wedlock as normal ; the man 's tort suit was the only way to prevent women from having children out of wedlock .
In Slate ( the on - line magazine ) , Scott Shuger stated , " A woman 's promise to take charge of birth control and then not doing so remains the only form of monetary fraud ... that is not only not punished , but is in fact regularly rewarded . "
In Newsday , Sheryl McCarthy said that if Wallis is telling the truth , he should get a child - support reduction : " A deal ... is a deal , " he said .
Taking the other side , Katha Pollitt , writing in the December 28 issue of The Nation , said , " If this is fraud , then should we call a man 's insincere promise to ' put it in for just a minute ' assault ? ...
How far would a woman get in court if she charged theft of womb and demanded financial compensation [ for an unwanted pregnancy ] ? "
Despite the ink generated , the " story " is not a story at all .
It broke no new legal ground .
It does , however , provide a good starting point for a discussion on the liability of fathers for child support when they do not intend to become fathers .
II .
" YES , I LIED .
NOW PAY YOUR CHILD SUPPORT . "
The story of Peter Wallis and Kellie Smith is just another in a long line of cases where the father of a child has claimed he is not liable for child support and / or that he is entitled to tort damages because of the mother 's misrepresentations as to birth control and or / fertility .
A woman 's fraudulent misrepresentation regarding the use of birth control or the ability to become pregnant , however , has never shielded the father from child support liability .
A. The Fourteenth Amendment 's Right to Privacy
In some these cases , the man has claimed that the woman 's fraudulent misrepresentations regarding contraception and / or fertility violated his right to privacy and his right to procreative choice guaranteed by the 14th Amendment to the United States Constitution , as enunciated in Griswold v. Connecticut , 381 U.S. 479 ( 1965 ) ( guaranteeing the right to privacy in matters of family planning ) and Planned Parenthood v. Casey , 505 U.S. 833 ( 1992 ) ( the Constitution places limits on a state 's right to interfere with a person 's most basic decisions about family and parenthood ) .
Consequently , the man has argued , he should not have to pay child support for a child he had no choice in bringing into the world .
The courts have uniformly held that those very same rights guaranteed in Griswold v. Connecticut and its progeny prevent the court from interfering with and / or enforcing the private conversations and agreements concerning birth control between the parties .
In one of the first cases to discuss the issue , Stephen K. v. Roni L. , 105 Cal. App. 3d 640 , 164 Cal. Rptr. 2d 618 ( 1980 ) , the court held that the father 's argument that he should not have to pay child support because his partner lied about contraception was nothing more than a request for court supervision of the promises made between the parties in the bedroom concerning their private sexual conduct .
The court further opined that since no method of birth control is 100 % effective , if the man had wished that his conduct not result in pregnancy , he could have taken precautionary measures regarding birth control regardless of the representations made to him .
In essence , the constitutionally protected right to privacy includes the right of an individual to be free from unwarranted governmental interference into matters so fundamentally affecting a person as the decision whether to bear or beget a child , but it does not extend to the right to avoid child support obligations once a child has resulted .
The claim of Stephen is phrased on the language of the tort of misrepresentation .
Despite its legalism , it is nothing more than asking the court to supervise the promises made between two consenting adults as to the circumstances of their private sexual conduct .
To do so would encourage unwarranted governmental intrusion into matter affecting the individual 's right to privacy .
105 Cal. App. 3d at 644-645 , 164 Cal. Rptr. at 620 .
In summary , although Roni may have lied and betrayed the personal confidence reposed in her by Stephen , the circumstances and the highly intimated nature of the relationship wherein the false representation may have occurred , are such that a court should not define any standard of conduct therefor .
105 Cal. App. 3d at 643 , 164 Cal. Rptr. at 620 .
Accord Beard v. Skipper , 182 Mich. App. 352 , 451 N.W.2d 614 ( 1990 ) ; L. Pamela P. v. Frank S. , 59 N.Y.2d 1 , 462 N.Y.S.2d 819 ( 1983 ) ; M. v. G. , 114 Misc. 2d 282 , 451 N.Y.S.2d 607 ( 1982 ) ; Sorrel v. Henson , No. 02A01-9609 -JV-00212 ( Tenn. Ct. App. 12/19/98 ) ( 1998 . TN.42268 ) ; Linda D. v. Fritz C. , 38 Wash .
App. 288 , 687 P.2d 223 ( 1984 ) .
B. The Fourteenth Amendment and Equal Protection
In addition to the constitutional concerns voiced by these courts that recognition of a tort or a defense to child support based on the failure to use birth control would plunge the court into a zone of intimate personal relations that it should not enter , two of these courts held that to allow a father to deny responsibility for a child born out of wedlock as a result of the mother 's misrepresentations as to fertility or contraception would create a new and inferior category of children based on the circumstances of their conception .
M. v. G. , 114 Misc. 2d 282 , 451 N.Y.S.2d 607 ( 1982 ) ; Linda D. v. Fritz C. , 38 Wash .
App. 288 , 687 P.2d 223 ( 1984 ) .
See also People in Interest of B. , 651 P.2d 1213 ( Colo. 1982 ) ( relying on Planned Parenthood of Central Missouri v. Danforth , 428 U.S. 52 ( 1976 ) , which held that a spouse compel the other spouse to have an abortion , the court rejected a man 's 14th Amendment claim that his right not to procreate was violated by the woman 's decision not to have an abortion ) ; Harris v. State , 356 So. 2d 623 ( Ala. 1978 ) ; L. v. C. , 601 N.W.2d 475 ( Tex. Ct. App. 1980 ) ; Dorsey v. English , 283 Md. 522 , 390 A.2d 1133 ( 1978 ) ; Troppi v. Scarf , 31 Mich . App. 240 , 187 N.W.2d 511 ( 1971 ) ; Hur v. Virginia Department of Social Services , 13 Va. App. 54 , 409 S.E.2d 454 ( 1991 ) .
C. Tort Liability , If Any , Is Irrelevant to Child Support
In these same cases discussed thus far , as well as in other cases , the father has claimed that the damages arising from the tort of fraud and misrepresentation offset the child support due .
The courts have universally held that the father 's allegations that the mother had deceived him were totally irrelevant to the issues of paternity and support .
Child support statutes are based on the financial situation of the parents and the needs of the child , not the personal agreements concerning contraception between the parties .
Erwin L.D. v. Myla Jean L. , 41 Ark. App. 16 , 847 S.W.2d 45 ( 1993 ) ; Beard v. Skipper , 182 Mich. App. 352 , 451 N.W.2d 614 ( 1990 ) ; Faske v. Bonanno , 137 Mich. App. 202 , 357 N.W.2d 860 ( 1984 ) ; Murphy v. Meyers , 560 N.W.2d 752 ( Minn. Ct. App. 1997 ) ; Welzenbach v. Powers , 139 N.H. 688 , 660 A.2d 1133 91995 ) ; Pamela P. v. Frank S. , 59 N.Y.2d 1 , 462 N.Y.S.2d 819 ( 1983 ) ; Weinberg v. Omar E. , 106 A.D.2d 448 , 482 N.Y.S.2d 540 ( 1984 ) ; Douglas R. v. Suzanne M. , 127 Misc. 2d 745 , 487 N.Y.S.2d 244 ( 1985 ) ; Smith v. Price , 74 N.C. App. 413 , 328 S.E.2d 811 ( 1985 ) ; Yost v. Unanuae , 1986 Ohio Lexis CA - 6928 ( 1986 ) ; Hughes v. Hutt , 500 Pa. 209 , 455 A.2d 623 ( 1983 ) ; Linda D. v. Fritz C. , 38 Wash .
App. 288 , 687 P.2d 223 ( 1984 ) .
See generally , Anne M. Payne , Annotation , Parent 's Child Support Liability as Affected by Other Parent 's Fraudulent Misrepresentation Regarding Sterility or Use of Birth Control , or Refusal to Abort Pregnancy , 2 A.L.R.5th 337 ( 1992 & Supp. 1998 ) ; Note , Fraud Between Sexual Partners Regarding the Use of Birth Control , 31 Ky. L.J. 593 ( 1983 ) .
While these cases held that tort liability , if any , is irrelevant to the issue of child support , some cases have gone so far as to say tort liability for fraud or misrepresentation as to birth control and / or fertility will simply not lie .
Stephen K. v. Roni L. , 105 Cal. App. 3d 640 , 164 Cal. Rptr. 2d 618 ( 1980 ) ( father 's tort claim against mother for falsely representing her use of birth control rejected ) ; Barbara A. v. John G. , 145 Cal. App. 3d 369 , 193 Cal. Rptr. 422 ( 1983 ) ( mother 's claim against father for tort damages relating to his representation he was sterile was barred on public policy grounds ) ; C.A.M. v. R.A.W. , 237 N.J. Super. 532 , 568 A.2d 556 ( 1990 ) ( mother 's tort claim against father for his fraudulent misrepresentation that he had a vasectomy barred on public policy grounds ) ; Douglas R. v. Suzanne M. , 127 Misc. 2d 745 , 487 N.Y.S.2d 244 ( 1985 ) ( man 's claim against woman that she defrauded him as to her use of birth control was barred on public policy grounds ) ; Moorman v. Walker , 54 Wash .
App. 461 , 773 P.2d 887 ( 1989 ) ( father of illegitimate child not permitted to bring tort action against mother for wrongful birth of child ) .
Contra D. v. M. , 113 Misc. 2d 940 , 450 N.Y.S.2d 350 ( 1982 ) ( accepting tort theory but finding that woman had not proven the man 's requisite state of mind for fraud ) .
The same public policy underlying rejection of " wrongful life " suits underlie the rejection of tort damages for bringing a healthy child into the world .
The message from these cases is clear :
If a man intends to have sexual intercourse with a woman and a baby results , the man is liable for child support .
II .
" YES , YOU WERE UNDERAGE .
NOW PAY YOUR CHILD SUPPORT . "
What if , however , the man is legally incapable of " intending " to have sexual intercourse because he is underage ?
Is he still liable for child support ?
Again , the answer is yes .
In every case that has addressed the issue , the court has held that a man who was underage at the time of the conception of the child , and was therefore a victim of statutory rape , is nonetheless liable for child support .
Typical of the reasoning in these cases is San Luis Obispo County v. Nathaniel J. , 50 Cal. App. 4th 842 , 57 Cal. Rptr. 2d 843 ( 1996 ) .
In that case , the court stated :
One who is injured as a result of a criminal act in which he willingly participated is not a typical crime victim .
It does not necessarily follow that he is a victim of sexual abuse .
The law should not except Nathaniel J. from this responsibility because he is not an innocent victim of Jones 's criminal acts .
After discussing the matter , he and Jones had sexual intercourse approximately five times over a two week period .
50 Cal. App. 4th at 845 , 57 Cal. Rptr. 2d at 844 .
Similarly , in State ex rel .
Hermesmann v. Seyer , 252 Kan. 646 , 847 P.2d 1273 , 1279 ( 1993 ) , the court concluded :
This State 's interest in requiring minor parents to support their children overrieds the State 's competing interest in protecting juveniles from improvident acts , even when such acts may include criminal activity on the part of the other parent ....
This minor child , the only truly innocent party , is entitled to support from both her parents regardless of their ages .
Accord Schierenbeck v. Minor , 367 P.2d 333 ( Colo. 1961 ) ; Department of Revenue ex rel .
Bennett v. Miller , 688 So. 2d 1024 ( Fla. 5th DCA 1997 ) ; In re Paternity of J.S. , 193 Ill .
App. 3d 563 , 550 N.E.2d 257 ( 1990 ) ; Rush v. Hatfield , 929 S.W.2d 200 ( Ky. Ct. App. 1996 ) ; Commonwealth v. A Juvenile , 387 Mass .
678 , 442 N.E.2d 1155 ( 1982 ) ; Jevning v. Chicos , 499 N.W.2d 515 ( Minn. 1993 ) ; Mercer County v. Alf M. , 155 Misc. 2d 703 , 589 N.Y.S.2d 288 ( Fam. Ct. 1992 ) ; In re Paternity of J.L.H. , 149 Wis. 2d 349 , 441 N.W.2d 273 ( 1989 ) .
Cf. Division of Child Support Enforcement ex rel .
Esther M. v. Mary L. , No. 94-33812 ( 1994.DE.19031 ) , ( mother of children did not have to pay child support for children conceived as a result of the rape / incest of her brother ; intercourse was involuntary and nonconsensual ) .
The message from these cases is equally clear :
If a man intends to have sexual intercourse with a woman and a baby results , the man is liable for child support .
The sexual intercourse in these cases is " factually voluntary " and thus intentional , even if it is nonconsensual in the criminal sense .
III .
" YOU INTENDED THAT I BECOME PREGNANT WITH YOUR SPERM .
NOW PAY YOUR CHILD SUPPORT . "
In the cases discussed so far , the obligation to pay child support has been predicated upon the voluntary act of sexual intercourse .
Is a man still liable for child support even if he does not engage in sexual intercourse with a woman , but merely provides sperm for artificial insemination and agrees with the mother that there shall be no child support liability ?
Once again , the answer has been yes .
In these cases , the courts have uniformly held that outside the strict requirements of the jurisdiction 's statute governing artificial insemination , a mother simply cannot waive child support on behalf of the child and the father cannot waive his parental rights ; such a contract is void as against public policy .
( For an excellent discussion of why parties should be free to enter into such contracts , see Nancy D. Polikoff , The Deliberate Construction of Families Without Fathers : Is It An Option for Lesbian and Heterosexual Mothers ? , 36 Santa Clara Law Review 375 ( 1996 ) . )
By way of introduction , parents cannot enter into an agreement for insemination by way of sexual intercourse , whereby one parent is completely relieved of child support .
In Estes v. Albers , 504 N.W.2d 607 ( S.D. 1993 ) , the mother wished to have a child .
The mother asked the father to impregnate her , and they both agreed that the father would have no financial responsibility for the child .
The child was conceived naturally and born in 1986 .
Thereafter , the father claimed that by virtue of the agreement , his status was nothing more than a semen donor , and he was not obligated to pay child support .
The court rejected this argument out of hand , noting that the child was conceived naturally .
Therefore , the man 's status as a semen donor is inconsistent with the artificial insemination statute .
Similarly , in Straub v. B.M.T. by Todd , 645 N.E.2d 597 ( Ind. 1994 ) , the mother and father entered into a " preconception agreement " where the father agreed to impregnate the mother and the mother agreed to hold the father harmless for any child support .
The father likewise claimed that he was nothing more than a semen donor , and the mother had conceived by " artificial insemination by intercourse . "
The court rejected the argument , holding that if one wishes to avoid child support by claiming artificial insemination , then the insemination must be artificial and all the requirements of the Uniform Status of Children of Assisted Conception Act , 9B U.L.A. ( Supp. 1998 ) must be followed .
The courts have taken this principle and further held that even where the insemination is truly " artificial , " that is , the delivery system for the sperm is a syringe and not a penis , if the parties have not adhered to the requirements of the jurisdiction 's artificial insemination statute , then the father is still liable for child support and may seek filiation , and the mother may still seek child support .
This was the case in Jhordan v. Mary K. , 179 Cal. App. 3d 386 , 224 Cal. Rptr. 530 ( 1986 ) .
In that case , the father provided semen directly to the mother , which she then used to inseminate herself .
The mother and father agreed that the father would not be responsible for child support .
The father then sought an order of filiation .
The court held that because the baby was not conceived in accordance with the provisions of the Uniform Parentage Act , Jhordan was entitled to an order of filiation .
Accord Thomas S. v. Robin Y. , 209 A.D. 2d 298 , 618 N.Y.S.2d 356 ( 1994 ) ; M. v. C. , 152 N.J. Super. 160 , 377 A.2d 821 ( 1977 ) ( man who gives woman semen for artificial insemination is father , fulfilling same function as husband ) ; C.O. v. W.S. , 64 Ohio Misc. 2d 9 , 639 N.E.2d 523 ( 1994 ) ( statute extinguishing parental rights of anonymous sperm donor was inapplicable to case where mother solicited sperm from donor ) .
Cf. McIntyre v. Crouch , 98 Or. App. 462 , 780 P.2d 239 , review den. 308 Or. 593 , 764 P.2d 1100 ( 1989 ) ( Oregon 's statute providing that donor of semen for use in artificial insemination was barred from asserting parental rights was not limited to anonymous donors and was applicable in situation where donor knew donee ) .
Once again , the message from these cases is equally clear :
If a man intends to make a baby with his sperm , and he and the mother do not comply with the jurisdiction 's artificial insemination statute , the man is liable for child support .
IV .
" IT WAS YOUR SPERM .
NOW PAY YOUR CHILD SUPPORT . "
The above cases have demonstrated that either intent to have sexual intercourse or an intent to impregnate a woman will result in child support liability .
Can a man escape this liability if he has neither the intent to have sexual intercourse nor the intent to make a baby ?
The answer is no .
So long as a man engages in an intimate sexual act resulting in his depositing of his sperm with a woman who then becomes pregnant , he is liable for child support .
In State of Louisiana v. Frisard , 694 So. 2d 1032 ( La. Ct. App. 1997 ) , the mother and father of the child for whom support was sought met in a hospital while the father was visiting an ill relative .
The mother was a nurse 's aid who has access to a variety of medical equipment .
The mother offered to perform oral sex on the father , and , in the words of the father , " as ... any male would , I did not refuse [ . ] "
694 So. 2d at 1035 .
The mother had the father wear a condom .
The mother then removed the condom for the father , and unknown to the father , she inseminated herself with the father 's sperm using a syringe .
The Louisiana court , noting that the probability of paternity was 99.9994 % , held the father 's testimony that he " had some sort of sexual contact with the plaintiff around the time frame of alleged conception , although he denied that they had sexual intercourse " was sufficient to prove paternity .
694 So. 2d at 1036 .
This fact of paternity obliges a father to support his child .
694 So. 2d at 1034 .
In essence , because the father intentionally engaged in a sexual act resulting in his deposit of sperm with the mother , he is liable for child support .
Another case reaching the same result on facts that are , quite frankly , bizarre is S.F. v. Alabama ex rel .
T.M. , 695 So. 2d 1186 ( Ala. Civ. App. 1996 ) .
In that case , the father testified that he went to a party at the mother 's house .
He had been drinking for several hours before he arrived , and had in fact gotten sick on the way to her house .
At the mother 's house , the father continued to drink , and the last think he remembered was getting sick again and his brother putting him in bed at the mother 's house .
The next morning , the father awoke in that same bed with only his shirt on .
The father did not remember having sex with the mother , and he did not knowingly and purposely have sex with her .
The father 's brother testified as to the same facts .
A friend of both the mother testified as to the same facts , plus the fact that about two months after the party , the mother said she had sex with the father while he was " passed out " and that it saved her a trip to the sperm bank .
Another friend testified that the mother had said she had sex with the father , " and he was n't even aware of it . "
A physician testified that it is possible for a man who is intoxicated to the point of losing consciousness may nevertheless have an erection and ejaculate ; they are not conscious , voluntary activities .
The father argued that because he did not have sex voluntarily with the mother , he was not liable for child support .
The court disposed of the argument , comparing it to the arguments made in L. Pamela P. v. Frank S. : the wrongful conduct of the mother in causing conception did not obviate the father 's support obligation .
The court also compared the father 's argument to the arguments put forth in the statutory rape cases , concluding that the " rape " of the father could not preclude a finding of liability for support .
The dissent would have held the father liable for child support , but would have deviated from the presumptive child support guidelines because " the mother 's sexual conduct was reprehensible and is a misdemeanor .
Because of the mother 's inappropriate conduct , the trial court should have deviated from the guidelines . "
695 So. 2d at 1191 .
The lesson one can take from Frisard is simple : a man is strictly liable for where his sperm ends up when he voluntarily engages in a sexual act .
The lesson one must take from S.F. v. T.M. , however , is somewhat troubling : a man is strictly liable for where his sperm ends up even when he unknowingly and involuntarily engages in a sexual act .
Instead of comparing the father 's predicament with the mother 's predicament in Division of Child Support Enforcement ex rel .
Esther M. v. Mary L. , No. 94-33812 ( 1994.DE.19031 ) , where a mother was relieved of her child support obligation because she was raped , the court imposed a child support obligation because of the fact of paternity .
This can only be termed a strict liability theory of sperm .
Where will the strict liability theory of sperm lead ?
Consider the following fact situation that is currently before the trial court in Kansas :
Two couples go to the local lover 's lane in one car , one couple in the front seat , and one couple in the back seat .
They discover that among them all , they have only one condom .
The couple in the back seat engage in intercourse using the condom , and then give the condom to the couple in the front seat .
The gentleman in the front seat , not wanting to spread disease , turns the condom inside out .
The couple in the front seat then engage in intercourse .
One month later , the lady in the front seat discovers she is pregnant .
After the birth of the child , DNA tests reveal that the father is the gentleman from the back seat .
Clearly , the gentleman in the front seat engaged in an intimate sexual act with the mother of the child .
Yet , it is the sperm from the gentleman in the back seat who impregnated the mother .
Who is on the hook for child support ?
Should the court impose a " joint enterprise " theory of liability ?
Or is the gentleman in the back seat " strictly liable " because it was his sperm ?
V. CONCLUSION
In all of these cases except S.F. v. T.M. , the fathers complained that the reproduction decision was solely in the mother 's hands , because once conception took place , he could n't force her not to bear the child .
But what the men have failed to understand is that in all of these cases , the women assumed not only all the " reproduction rights , " they assumed the reproduction risks of the failure of birth control .
Both men and women have reproductive rights and responsibilities .
By virtue of biology , because a woman is the one to bear the child , it so happens that men must exercise their rights not to bear children earlier than women , that is , in the bedroom and not at the abortion clinic or the courtroom .
In the words of one court , While it is true that after conception a woman has more control than a man over the decision whether to bear a child , and may unilaterally refuse to obtain an abortion , those facts were known to the father at the time of conception .
The choice available to a woman vests in her by the fact that she , and not the man , must carry the child and must undergo whatever traumas , physical and mental , may be attendant to either childbirth or abortion .
Any differing treatment accorded men and women ... is owed not to the operation of [ state law ] but to the operation of nature .
Ince v. Bates , 558 P.2d 1253 , 1254 ( Or. App. 1977 ) .
As stated somewhat differently in Stephen K. v. Roni L. , 105 Cal. App. 3d 640,645 , 164 Cal. Rptr. 618 , 621 ( 1980 ) :
As to Stephen 's claim that he was tricked into father a child he did not want , no good reason appears why he himself could not have taken any precautionary measures .
Even if Roni has regularly been taking birth control pills , that method , though considered the most reliable means of birth control , is not 100 percent effective .
Although slight , there is some statistical probability of conception .
Thus , to all men who complain about paying child support for children they did not want , the simple advice is , " Shut up and put on a condom .
And dispose of it yourself . "
Looking for previous articles ?
Check the archive . [ main ] [ bio ] [ new cases ] [ book ] [ articles ] [ resources ]
[ disclaimer ] [ copyright © 1999 , 2000 , 2001 , 2002 ] [ colophon & credits ]
[ site map ]
It tells us something about Sarah Palin 's homage to small - town America , delivered to an enthusiastic GOP convention last week , that she chose to fire it up with an unsourced quotation from the all - time champion of fake populism , the belligerent right - wing columnist Westbrook Pegler .
" We grow good people in our small towns , with honesty and sincerity and dignity , " the vice - presidential candidate said , quoting an anonymous " writer , " which is to say , Pegler , who must have penned that mellifluous line when not writing his more ...
A career fallacy has been circulating around our society for quite some time .
It goes something like this : “ By its very nature , work sucks and is unpleasant .
You ca n’t go off and just do whatever makes you happy .
No , there comes a time when we have to face the music and settle into a career that is no fun but pays the bills . ”
This fallacy is perpetuated by people who do n’t love what they do but rather drink from the bitter cup on a daily basis to pay the bills .
End result : they become bitter .
I would like to propose a few things in response to this sorry , self - fulfilling worldview : 1 ) work is challenging , even exhausting , but it should also be satisfying and enriching ; 2 ) doing what you love for work is essential to career excellence ; and 3 ) the world has changed , and having a career that you love and paying the bills can go together .
To a certain degree , loving what you do is about your attitude toward the task .
I am a firm believer in the philosophy that people can pick up any task and learn to enjoy it .
On the other hand , it never hurts to work on something for which you have a passion , something you do n’t have to learn to love , something that naturally flows from your talents and interests .
This career option has never been more available than it is now .
Challenging vs. Defeating
No one refutes that work is difficult .
In all its forms , it requires mental and physical exertion , time , and some degree of discipline .
However , work need not be defeating ; it can challenge and enrich us and become a constructive influence in our lives .
There is no virtue in the difficulty of work alone but in the positive effect , if any , it has on the worker .
Too many out there believe that just working hard provides some kind of innate virtue .
I say if you come home every day with a sore back , a chip on your shoulder , and gripes about your boss , you have wasted your day .
You ’ve given a half - hearted offering back to the world .
You ’ve squandered your time and your talents .
There is no virtue in going to a job you hate every day .
It only creates problems for you , your loved ones , and your employer .
No , this jaded view of work is usually a cop-out for people who opted for safer roads instead of pursuing riskier dreams .
You ’ve Gotta Love It
You would be hard - pressed to find a successful person who did n’t love what they did .
From Oprah Winfrey to the best NBA players to the best U.S. presidents to the top Fortune 500 CEOs , their excellence springs directly from their passion for what they do .
Their occupation may be hard and unsavory at times , but they love it .
Oprah , for instance , started with nothing but her smarts and a love for telling stories and empowering women .
That love has propelled her forward to become first a journalist , then a talk - show host , to become a role model , to form a media empire , to become , quite possibly , the most influential woman in America .
Go down the list to any successful person and you will find the same thing is true .
Why is this ?
Because the competitive advantage in any marketplace belongs to those who are thinking about how to make things better when they do n’t have to .
When everyone else has gone home and is trying to forget the stress of the day , these passionate individuals can’t help thinking about it because they love it .
They do n’t make things better for the next bonus ; they do it because it drives them nuts to see anything less than the best .
They do n’t work hard because they have to pay the bills ; they do it because they have to see it done better .
A New World
The ‘ work sucks ’ viewpoint is a vestige of the Industrial Age .
Just a brief history lesson : during the Industrial Age - which was built on demeaning , backbreaking labor in factories under inhumane conditions - , small middle - and upper - classes fed off the work of a huge working lower - class .
This means that , for the majority of the population , work really did suck .
They were cogs in the machine with very little possibility of advancement or mental stimulation , much less following their dreams .
They worked for pennies a day , were subject to very little protection , and , if they did n’t like it , were easily replaced .
They had to put up with this because , if they did n’t , they would n’t eat .
Thankfully , we live in a new world .
In the U.S. , the Industrial Age has passed , as has the Space Age and the Information Age .
We now find ourselves in the Idea Age , which is characterized by a huge middle - class with unprecedented access to money and education .
This new age thrives on the strength of ideas and innovation .
In this new age , work does n’t have to suck .
In fact , businesses will thrive like never before on people who love what they do and can constantly generate the next best idea .
Oh yeah , an added bonus : they will get paid handsomely for those great ideas .
Those who hate their work , on the other hand , will stagnate and get run over in this new economy .
In short , hating your job is a thing of the past .
Doing what you love will become the new norm .
I ’m not arguing that work should n’t be hard .
Whatever you choose to pursue , you should love it , but you also better go hard or go home .
Hard work will always be a part of the equation .
But you will do yourself a huge favor by choosing something you are passionate about .
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
September 16 , 2008
Immigrants seeking permanent legal residency in the U.S. are now mandated to take an expensive and controversial vaccine that has been linked with thousands of serious complaints and several deaths .
The Human Papillomavirus ( HPV ) vaccine — known as Gardasil — is one of five the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services recently added to the required list , reports Fox 8 News .
A press release from the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services Agency confirms that the requirements for the vaccine went into effect on July 1 , 2008 .
The regulation represents a total dismissal of the recommendation of Dr. Jon Abramson , chairman of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ’s advisory committee on immunization practices .
In February 2007 , Abramson said that he and the 15 - member panel at the CDC opposed making Gardasil mandatory because the sexually transmitted HPV is not a contagious disease like measles or chicken pox .
At $ 162 per dose , the three - dose vaccine is set to make millions in profits for Gardasil manufacturer Merck , a company that has a history of both lobbying intensely for state mandates and entering into crony deals to hoodwink Americans into believing HPV vaccinations are compulsory .
Merck were unable to sell the “ benefits ” of the vaccine to make enough profit out of it , so instead they turned to state legislature and attempted to pay off Governors and other officials to curry favor and force eleven year old girls ( and in other states children as young as eight ) who are n’t even sexually active to take the shot .
However , the pharmaceutical giant agreed to stop lobbying state legislatures to make it mandatory for schoolgirls to be inoculated with Gardasil after a fierce backlash from concerned parents and religious organizations .
We previously exposed Merck ’s role one such crony deal with Texas Governor Rick Perry which saw a resulting media campaign fool parents into thinking that the HPV vaccine had been made compulsory by law for all young girls .
Without consulting and doctors , scientists or medical experts , Perry , who has various close ties to Merck , issued an executive order requiring girls to be vaccinated against HPV .
Several Texas lawmakers subsequently petitioned for a reversal of the decision without success .
Almost immediately following Perry ’s announcement , newspapers and TV stations began to report that it was “ the law ” that parents had to have their child vaccinated .
This reflects a national and international hoax that is repeatedly being perpetrated shortly before school terms begin each year .
There is no law in America , aside from those applying to medical workers , that says any citizen or their children have to take any vaccine whatsoever , no matter what any executive order , requirement , mandate or policy dictates .
As in the case of all other vaccines , Perry ’s executive order merely stated that the vaccine is “ recommended , ” yet the mass media drumbeat constantly conditions people to believe that if they do n’t take their shots they will be kicked out of school , arrested and thrown in jail .
Last November we reported on a case in Prince George ’s County , Maryland , where parents of more than 1600 children were told they could be put in jail for failing to get their kids vaccinated .
At the time a local Fox News affiliate reported , “ A new law was passed last year requiring children from 5th through to 10th grade to have the vaccine , ” which was a total lie .
The non-complying parents were not charged not under vaccination laws ( because there are n’t any ) but under truancy , neglect or child in need of supervision laws , which state that the parent is culpable after 30 days of a child ’s unexplained absence from school .
The school itself triggered the truancy violation by unfairly kicking the kids out of school , and failing to inform parents about vaccine waiver forms .
A state prosecutor involved in the case then admitted that there is no law that mandates any vaccine .
This trick will continue to hoodwink Americans into taking all manner of dangerous and untested vaccines , the number of which rises every year , until they realize that there is no law that forces them to take any vaccine .
Until this is drilled home with parents we will also keep seeing relatively unchallenged moves to pass legislation to make mandatory all vaccines recommended by the CDC for all children , including infants and toddlers .
As we have previously seen with other controversial schemes such as Real ID , immigrant populations provide a prime testing ground to quietly introduce policies that may later be subject to efforts to make them mandatory for all American citizens .
So what is actually in the HPV vaccine ?
Live genetically engineered cancer virus .
As the vaccine spreads in use , reports of horrible side effects are already starting to proliferate .
“ Negative side effects of Gardasil , a new Merck vaccine to prevent the sexually transmitted virus that causes cervical cancer , are being reported in the District of Columbia and 20 states , including Virginia .
The reactions range from loss of consciousness to seizures , ” reported the Washington Times .
“ Young girls are experiencing severe headaches , dizziness , temporary loss of vision and some girls have lost consciousness during what appear to be seizures , ” said Vicky Debold , health policy analyst for the National Vaccine Information Center , a nonprofit watchdog organization that was created in the early 1980s to prevent vaccine injuries . ”
The report quotes physicians who debunk the claim that the HPV vaccine even prevents cervical cancer , as is claimed by Merck and the FDA .
“ There is no proof Gardasil will stop cervical cancer , ” said Clayton Young , an obstetrician / gynecologist in Texas , “ They have n’t been studying it long enough to make that claim . ”
Non-profit , public interest group Judicial Watch , released a report at the end of June this year which revealed that there had been 9,749 adverse reactions and 21 reported deaths related to Gardasil in the last two years .
According to the report , there have been 78 severe outbreaks of genital warts , six cases of Guillain - Barré syndrome and at least 10 miscarriages reported to the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System ( VAERS ) since the approval of Gardasil .
However , a study in the New England Journal of Medicine found that clinicians , patients and drug companies report only about 10 percent of side effects to VAERS , so the actual number of Gardasil side effects could be much higher .
The CDC subsequently released a statement on July 22 which stated “ Based on ongoing assessments of vaccine safety information , the FDA and CDC continue to find that Gardasil is a safe and effective vaccine …
The benefits continue to outweigh the risks . ”
Merck also issued a statement in response to the data , saying it “ believes that no safety issue related to the vaccine has been identified .
These types of events are events that could also be seen in the general population , even in the absence of vaccination . ”
The CDC plans to release a study in October that it says will help determine whether a true linkage between Gardasil and the reported adverse reactions exists .
The U.S. distributed 2.2 million doses of the vaccine in 2006 and 11.3 million in 2007 .
**
Related : Group With Big Pharma Ties Wants to Shut Down Vaccine “ Conspiracy Theories ”
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
House Passes Bailout Bill , Bush Signs It The House passed the Senate version of the bill to bail out Wall St. yesterday and President Bush signed it into law .
The secretary of the treasury can now begin buying up troubled assets from whomever he wants and at whatever price he deems appropriate .
The Dow Jones index reacted to the news by dropping 157 points .
Apparently investors are n't entirely convinced the financial crisis is over .
The initial proposal was 3 pages ; the final one was 451 pages .
The difference is 448 pages of pork and tax cuts , something the leadership threw in knowing that recalcitrant Republicans would be hesitant to vote against tax cuts a month before an election .
In theory , the taxpayers get something in return for their money -- warrants to buy stock in participating companies , but how many warrants the treasury gets per gigabuck invested is not specified .
The bill also contains some minor measures to curb the worst excesses of executive pay .
For example , companies lose tax deductions on CEO salaries more than $ 500,000 a year and CEOs who mismange their companies and then get golden parachutes more than three times their annual salary have to pay a 20 % excise tax on them .
All in all , these measures do not stop extravagant salaries , bonuses , and severance packages ; they just make them more expensive to the company and CEO .
It is very likely that executives faced with the 20 % excise tax will simply demand ( and get ) a 25 % larger package .
One interesting aspect of this whole project is how endangered members of the House voted on the two bills .
Below is a list of incumbents running for reelection taken from our Hot House races page and how they voted on the first bill ( which was rejected ) and the second one ( which passed ) .
CD Party Incumbent 1st 2nd AZ - 05 Dem Harry Mitchell No Yes AZ - 08 Dem Gabrielle Giffords No Yes CA - 11 Dem Jerry McNerney Yes Yes CT - 02 Dem Joe Courtney No No FL - 16 Dem Tim Mahoney Yes Yes GA - 08 Dem Jim Marshall Yes Yes GA - 12 Dem John Barrow No No IL - 08 Dem Melissa Bean Yes Yes IN - 02 Dem Joe Donnelly Yes Yes IN - 08 Dem Brad Ellsworth Yes Yes IN - 09 Dem Baron Hill No No KS - 02 Dem Nancy Boyda No No LA - 06 Dem Don Cazayoux No No MN - 01 Dem Tim Walz No No MS - 01 Dem Travis Childers No No NH - 01 Dem Carol Shea- Porter No No NY - 19 Dem John Hall Yes Yes NY - 20 Dem Kirsten Gillibrand No No NY - 24 Dem Mike Arcuri Yes Yes OH - 18 Dem Zack Space Yes Yes PA - 04 Dem Jason Altmire No No PA - 10 Dem Chris Carney No No TX - 22 Dem Nick Lampson No No TX - 23 Dem Ciro Rodriguez No No WI - 08 Dem Steve Kagen No No CD Party Incumbent 1st 2nd AK - AL GOP Don Young No No CO - 04 GOP Marilyn Musgrave No No CT - 04 GOP Chris Shays Yes Yes FL - 13 GOP Vern Buchanan No Yes FL - 21 GOP Lincoln Diaz - Balart No No FL - 24 GOP Tom Feeney No No IL - 10 GOP Mark Kirk Yes Yes MI - 07 GOP Tim Walberg No No MI -09 GOP Joe Knollenberg No Yes MO - 06 GOP Sam Graves No No NV - 03 GOP Jon Porter Yes Yes NY - 29 GOP Randy Kuhl No Yes NC - 08 GOP Robin Hayes No No OH - 01 GOP Steve Chabot No No OH - 02 GOP Jean Schmidt No Yes PA - 06 GOP Jim Gerlach No Yes WA - 08 GOP Dave Reichert No No
On the first bill , 9 endangered Democrats voted for it and 16 voted against it .
On the second bill it was 11 for and 14 against .
Among the endangered Republicans , only three were for it the first time and 14 were against it .
The second time , with the tax cuts and the pork thrown in , the split was 8 for and 9 against .
The pork and tax cuts clearly had a bigger effect on Republicans than on Democrats .
CQ
Politics has a similar analysis based on its list of endangered incumbents .
CQ
Politics also notes that opponents of the these incumbents immediately began exploring how to use these vote to hammer the incumbents .
Anyone who voted No / No can be accused of wanting a depression .
Anyone voting No / Yes can be called a flip - flopper .
Anyone voting Yes / Yes can be called a lackey of Wall St .
You 're damned if you do and damned if you do n't .
The NY Times has a story about how several representatives dealt with the pressure being applied to them .
McCain Will
Take the Gloves Off The McCain campaign ( read : Steve Schmidt ) has decided that being a war hero is not good enough , being a POW is not good enough , being a maverick is not good enough , and being a reformer is not good enough , so the mud is about to start flying .
The campaign has pulled all its positive ads touting McCain 's experience and long service to the country .
From now on , the entire focus will be on Barack Obama 's associations with convicted Chicago developer Tony Rezko , 1960s radical William Ayers , and Obama 's former pastor , Rev. Jeremiah Wright .
It is a high - risk gamble , but McCain loves to roll the dice .
But this fierce new strategy has two potential downsides .
First , while partisan Republicans will love it ( as they loved Sarah Palin 's convention speech ) , negative ads do n't always work so well with independents , whose votes are now crucial to both sides .
Second , there is a very real danger that either Obama , or more likely , Democratic 527s will start throwing mud right back at McCain .
A few choice subjects for negative ads are ( 1 ) his taking bribes from convicted felon Charles Keating in the 1980s , ( 2 ) the fact that he is an old man who has had a very dangerous form of cancer four times , and ( 3 ) the way he divorced his crippled first wife to marry a beer heiress worth $ 100 million .
Clearly Schmidt knows all this but apparently he feels he has to shake things up before it is too late .
It is going to get real messy .
The 527s on both sides are already in the act , of course .
Here is an example of an anti-Obama ad and an example of an anti-McCain ad .
Alaska Supreme Court to Hear Troopergate Appeal
If the Democrats want to get nasty , another line of attack is Troopergate , the story around Sarah Palin 's firing Alaska 's commissioner of public safety for refusing to dismiss her estranged brother - in - law .
This story is back in the news again because the Alaska supreme court has agreed to hear an emergency appeal from laywers trying to shut down the investigation , even though it was ordered by the Republican - controlled state legislature .
The two sides will present oral arguments next Wednesday and the court will rule on Thursday .
A report from the retired prosecutor hired by the legislature to investigate the matter , Steve Branchflower , is due Friday .
If Branchflower determines that Palin abused her authority as governor to settle a family score , she will be in for withering criticism and McCain will have to answer questions about how good he is at vetting personnel .
It would be much better for him if the whole investigation would just go away .
Palin Releases Tax Returns Sarah Palin has released her tax returns .
Like Joe Biden but unlike John McCain and Barack Obama , she is not a millionaire .
The adjused gross incomes for the four candidates are given below .
However , it should be noted that John and Cindy McCain file separate tax returns and the vast majority of the McCain 's income and wealth is in Cindy 's name .
She released a summary of her 2006 income earlier this year that showed her income to be over $ 6 million then .
Most of Obama 's income comes from the royalties on two books he has written .
Candidate 2006 Income 2007 Income Barack Obama $ 984,000 $ 4,140,000 John McCain $ 339,000 $ 387,000 Joe Biden $ 249,000 $ 320,000 Sarah Palin $ 166,000 $ 128,000
Today 's Polls
We have five presidential polls today , all of them favoring Barack Obama .
After pulling out of Michigan yesterday , the only Kerry state McCain is fighting for is New Hampshire .
But two new polls do n't look encouraging for him .
Saint Anselm college puts him 12 points behind and Rasmussen puts him 10 points behind .
Rasmussen also put Obama ahead in Nevada , 51 % to 47 % .
State Obama McCain Start End Pollster New Hampshire 49 % 37 % Sep 25 Sep 30 Saint Anselm Coll . New Hampshire 53 % 43 % Oct 01 Oct 01 Rasmussen Nevada 51 % 47 % Oct 02 Oct 02 Rasmussen Rhode Island 48 % 26 % Sep 30 Oct 01 Opinion Factor Washington 53 % 43 % Oct 02 Oct 02 Rasmussen
We also have four Senate polls .
In North Carolina , state senator Kay Hagan ( D ) continues to have a small lead over Sen. Elizabeth Dole ( R- NC ) , 37 % to 35 % .
This race was not expected to be close , but the DSCC has poured a lot of money into North Carolina and it seems to be helping .
In Minnesota , a Princeton Survey poll puts former comedian Al Franken ( D ) ahead of Sen. Norm Coleman ( R- MN ) , 43 % to 34 % , with independent Dean Barkley at 18 % .
State Democrat D-pct Republican R-pct Start End Pollster Minnesota Al Franken 43 % Norm Coleman * 34 % Sep 30 Oct 02 Princeton Survey North Carolina Kay Hagan 37 % Elizabeth Dole * 35 % Sep 29 Oct 02 Elon U. New Hampshire Jeanne Shaheen 50 % John Sununu * 45 % Oct 01 Oct 01 Rasmussen Virginia Mark Warner 57 % Jim Gilmore 31 % Sep 29 Oct 01 Mason - Dixon
We also have 1 House poll and it could be the handwriting on the wall .
NM - 02 is a solid ( R+6 ) Republican district .
This is the seat Steve Pearce vacated to run for the Senate .
Despite the district 's leaning , Democrat Harry Teague is ahead of Republican Edward Tinsley 47 % to 43 % .
If Republicans are having trouble holding open seats in solid Republican districts , they could be in real trouble in many other House districts that have n't been polled .
Cong . Distr. Democrat D-pct Republican R-pct Start End Pollster NM - 02 Harry Teague 47 % Edward Tinsley * 43 % Sep 30 Oct 01 Research 2000
If you like this Website , tell your friends .
You can also share by clicking this button -- The Votemaster
Your donation is greatly appreciated .
It will buy ads to publicize the site .
Former Adviser : McCain Camp ‘ Smoking Crack ’
Created : October 30 , 2008 09:45 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
During an interview on MSNBC this morning , GOP strategist Mike Murphy — who helmed Sen.
John McCain ’s 2000 primary bid — said the McCain campaign was “ smoking crack ” if it is still clinging to hopes of winning Iowa , according to The Page .
Murphy also referred to Virginia as “ the hole in the boat ” for the McCain camp .
Indeed , according to the RealClearPolitics average of recent major polls in Iowa , McCain trails Sen. Barack Obama by 11.4 percentage points .
Both McCain and Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin visited Iowa as recently as Saturday .
However , with just five days until Election Day , neither Republican candidate is currently scheduled a return visit in the state before Tuesday .
This is n’t the first time Murphy has blasted the McCain campaign for continuing to pursue Iowa .
Earlier this month , Murphy wrote that the strategists running the campaign were “ stunningly incompetent ” for allowing McCain to take part in a disastrous interview with the editorial board of the Des Moines Register .
Murphy ’s most recent comments illustrate the growing concerns of many within the GOP that McCain is headed for electoral defeat — and they make a great headline .
" If you can fight blight , why not create beauty ?
If not beauty , why not bounty ? "
With that phrase , author Carla T. Main , in Bulldozed : " Kelo , " Eminent Domain , and the American Lust for Land , accurately and succinctly sums up the devolution of the Supreme Court 's view of the role of judicial review in eminent domain from Berman , to Midkiff , to Kelo .
Bulldozed is accessible to both lawyers and non-lawyers , and is no dull scholarly summation of the current state of Public Use Clause law .
Rather , it places the issues in an understandable context by framing the legal details with the story of the Gore family of Freeport , Texas , and their straight - out - of - Forrest Gump shrimp processing business .
The taking of the Gore 's property and business for Freeport 's " economic development " resulted in the case Western Seafood Co. v. United States , No. 04-41196 ( 5th Cir. Oct. 11 , 2006 ) ( a case I blogged about here ) .
Main provides more details and background than the court 's dry recitation of the facts ever could , and in between recounting the Gore family 's story , provides the reader with an understanding of how we ended up with a case like Kelo , a decision that seemed to baffle a majority of the public .
Main begins at the birth of the Fifth Amendment and James Madison 's concern that private property rights would not be respected by the newly formed United States , and tells the stories behind many of the seminal cases on eminent domain :
West River Bridge Co. v. Dix , 47 U.S. 507 ( 1848 ) , Daniel Webster 's case in which the Court held that the Contracts Clause was no impediment to a state condemning an exclusive bridge franchise .
Berman v. Parker , 348 U.S. 26 ( 1954 ) , the case in which the U.S. Supreme Court first equated the condemnation power with the police power , and held , in sweeping language by Justice Douglas , that " public use " under the Fifth Amendment includes takings for
Poletown Neighborhood Council v. City of Detroit , 304 N.W.2d 455 ( Mich. 1981 ) , overruled , County of Wayne v. Hathcock , 684 N.W.2d 765 ( Mich. 2004 ) , the case which opened the door to economic development takings , where an entire neighborhood was cleared to make way for a General Motors plant , based only on Detroit 's hope that what was good for GM was good for Detroit .
The only case really missing from the lineup is Hawaii Housing Auth .
v. Midkiff , 467 U.S. 229 ( 1984 ) , the opinion authored by Justice O'Connor that set up her dramatic turnabout in her dissenting opinion in Kelo .
Midkiff is a fascinating story and could be the subject of another book , so on the whole , it 's a minor omission from Bulldozed .
Main also details how beginning in 2001 , the courts began to take public use objections seriously , especially in the context of economic development takings , where one person 's private property is transferred to another because the new owner promises to make more intense use of it .
This awakening by the courts culminates in the Supreme Court litigation in Kelo v. City of New London , 545 U.S. 469 ( 2005 ) .
Of course , given the title of the book , an entire chapter is devoted to the arguments in Kelo , the case which brought eminent domain squarely to the American public 's consciousness .
The Kelo backlash is the subject of another entire chapter .
These sections are among the more enjoyable and accessible in the book .
They detail the high drama of legal cases that make their way to the Supreme Court , and highlight the depth of emotion and passion aroused when people 's homes , businesses , and neighborhoods are threatened .
Anyone who may wonder why property owners fight the taking of their property and businesses , despite the often overwhelming array of government power leveled at them need to read Bulldozed .
Bulldozed is available from Amazon .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The Republican Party that Nixon invented melded the moneyed classes of the Northeast with the white evangelicals of the South .
This odd couple went on to simultaneously steal from and oppress the rest of us .
The moneyed classes were happy to let the New Puritans impose their stringent morality , since they could always just buy any licentiousness they wanted , regardless of the law .
And the New Puritans were so consumed with cultural issues such as homosexuality , abortion , school prayer and ( yes ) fighting school desegregation that they were happy to let the northeastern Money Men waltz off with a lion ’s share of the country ’s resources , consigning most Americans to stagnant wages and increasing debt .
The Reagan revolution consolidated this alliance and brought some conservative Catholic workers into it .
These domestic policies at home were complemented by wars and belligerence abroad , which further took the eye of the public off the epochal bank robbery being conducted by the American neo-Medicis , and which were a useful way of throwing billions in government tax revenue to the military - industrial complex , which in turn funded the think tanks and reelection campaigns of the right wing politicians .
The Reagan fascination with private armies and funding anti-communist death squads contributed mightily to the creation of al - Qaeda , blowback from which fuelled even bigger Pentagon budgets , spiralling upward and feeding on itself .
Terrorism is much better than Communism as a bogey man , since you can just intimate that there are a handful of dangerous people out there somewhere , and force the public to pay over $ 1 trillion to combat them .
In fact , of course , less US interventionism abroad would create less blowback , and genuine threats are better addressed through good police work by multilingual FBI agents than by a $ 700 billion Pentagon budget .
As a result of the Second Gilded Age and its serf - like subservience to big capital , most corporations in the US do n’t pay any income taxes , despite doing $ 2.5 trillion annually in business .
The Reagan Revolution included the stupid idea that you can cut taxes , starve government , abolish regulation of securities , banks , & etc. , and still grow the economy .
The irony is that capitalist markets need to be regulated to avoid periodically becoming chaotic ( as in ‘ chaos theory , ’) but the people who most benefit from regulation are most zealous in attempting to abolish or blunt it .
What those policies did was create the preconditions for a long - term bubble or set of bubbles that benefited ( for a while ) the wealthiest 3 million Americans and harmed everyone else .
The average wage of the average worker is lower now than in 1973 and has been lower or flat for the past 35 years .
That ’s the condition of the 300 million or so Americans .
In the meantime , the top 1 percent has multiplied its wealth many times over and now takes home 20 % of the national income , owning some 45 percent of the privately held wealth in the US .
The Right keeps promising us growth , but it turns out that “ growth ” is mainly for them , i.e. for the 3 million ( and indeed mainly for about 100,000 within the 3 million ) .
Those 3 million are a new aristocracy , lords of the economy , who reward each other with tens of millions in bonuses for ceremonial reasons that have nothing to do with the jobs they actually perform .
Bush has been trying to make them a hereditary aristocracy by getting rid of the estate tax .
That is why banks are refusing the government bailout if it restricts the salaries of the top officers — you do n’t mess with the feudal lord ’s prerogatives .
The enormous wealth of a thin sliver of people at the top of US society allows them to buy members of congress and to write the legislation that regulates their industries .
Congress capitulates to this ‘ regulatory capture ’ because its members have to buy hugely expensive television ads to remain competitive in elections .
So they fundraise from the rich , and the rich have expectations ( as Keating did of McCain ) .
These problems could be fixed with a graduated income tax and a closing of tax loopholes ( after we get out of the recession or crash or whatever this is ) ; by legislation criminalizing regulatory capture ; by requiring mass media to run political ads for free as a public service ( the public owns the airwaves ) ; and by much shortening the election season ( please ) .
A lot of America ’s fiscal and educational problems were caused by congressionally mandated fixed sentences imposed on judges with regard to marijuana possession , as a sop to the New Puritans that make up 1/3 of the Republican Party .
You have a lot of people serving 5 years in jail for having small amounts of pot .
The states had to build new prisons to hold them all .
They took the money out of the budget for higher education , abolishing the whole idea of state universities and causing tuitions to rise .
So you ’ve got more ignorant people ( because people ca n’t afford even “ state ” college ) , and fewer high - tech firms are founded ; and you ’re feeding and housing large numbers of harmless potheads with your tax dollars instead .
The US maintains a vast gulag of nearly 2 million prisoners , putting us in the same league as Putin ’s Russia .
No country in Western Europe incarcerates a similar proportion of its population .
Mexico ’s president wants to decriminalize the possession of small amounts of drugs such as marijuana , cocaine and heroin for personal use , though an arrest on possession charges would require entry into a program to kick addiction .
Decriminalizing possession of small amounts of drugs ; decriminalizing marijuana altogether ( and taxing the resulting industry ) ; removing mandatory federal sentencing requirements ; and letting states go back to educating their children instead of putting millions in jail ; would solve another big batch of America ’s problems .
So there you have it .
Abolish puritanism in government policy ; go back to using the government to regulate industries and finance and provide services ; and fight terrorism with better public diplomacy and better police work instead of with militarization– and you might get out of this thing intact .
One of the many fascinating things about Robert Draper 's Times Magazine story on the McCain campaign is what is n't included in its account of the attempts to brand ( and rebrand , and rebrand ) John McCain 's candidacy : Namely , any real discussion of policy .
From Draper 's account , the McCain campaign staff has gone around and around trying to figure out how to sell their candidate - as a fighter ! as an experienced leader ! as a maverick !
etc. - but hardly ever seemed to have spent much time thinking about how these narratives would mesh with or be reinforced by the actual policy agenda the campaign was advancing .
Now , obviously Draper 's piece is n't the whole story of the campaign , and obviously he was focusing on the strategy apparatus , rather than the policy apparatus .
( Douglas Holtz - Eakin does n't make an appearance in the piece . )
And yes , of course , those of us with wonkish inclinations tend to dramatically overestimate the impact that actual policy choices , as opposed to narratives and symbolism , have on the outcome of presidential elections .
But I do n't think it 's a coincidence that McCain 's successful sales pitch to GOP primary voters was built around a specific policy - namely , his support for the surge .
And I suspect that his unsuccessful general - election sales pitches have suffered badly from being untethered to specific popular policy proposals that the candidate himself was interested in defending .
Think about 2000 : George W. Bush 's brand identity , if you will , as a " compassionate conservative " dovetailed perfectly with his near - obsessive focus on education policy and his promise to work across the aisle on a prescription drugs bill .
Whereas the McCain camp 's stabs at crafting a brand identity only beg the question :
He 's a maverick ... who 'll do what ?
He 's a bipartisan reformer ... but what reforms will he deliver ?
Etc.
To the extent McCain 's policy agenda has been branded in the public mind , Obama has done it for him - with a series of health - care ads that are among the most dishonest of this cycle , but among the most ubiquitous and effective as well .
Meanwhile , Obama has aggressively branded himself as the guy who'll cut taxes for 95 percent of Americans .
Would the Democratic nominee be winning without these successful policy - related gambits ?
Probably .
But they certainly have n't hurt .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Inflection points
" Inflection point " is a much abused word these days , but if it 's appropriate anywhere , then it 's appropriate for describing the moment in the history of computing that we 're rapidly approaching .
It 's a moment in which the shift to many - core hardware and multithreaded programming has quite literally broken previous paradigms for understanding the relationship between hardware and software , and the industry has n't yet sorted out which new paradigms will replace the old ones .
Importantly , the entire computing industry wo n't pass through this inflection point all at once ; it will happen at different times in different markets , as Moore 's Law increases core and thread counts for different classes of processors .
The first type of device to pass this inflection point will be the GPU , as it goes from being a relatively specialized , function - specific coprocessor to a much more generally programmable , data - parallel device .
When the GPU has fully made that shift , game developers will have the opportunity to rethink real - time 3D rendering from the ground up .
For Tim Sweeney , co-founder of Epic Games and the brains behind every iteration of the widely licensed Unreal series of 3D game engines , this inflection point has been a long time coming .
Back when Unreal 1 was still in stores and the 3Dfx Voodoo owned the nascent discrete 3D graphics market , Sweeney was giving interviews in which he predicted that rendering would eventually return to the CPU .
Take a 1999 interview with Gamespy , for instance , in which he lays out the future timeline for the development of 3D game rendering that has turned out to be remarkably prescient in hindsight :
2006 - 7 : CPU 's become so fast and powerful that 3D hardware will be only marginally beneficial for rendering , relative to the limits of the human visual system , therefore 3D chips will likely be deemed a waste of silicon ( and more expensive bus plumbing ) , so the world will transition back to software - driven rendering .
And , at this point , there will be a new renaissance in non-traditional architectures such as voxel rendering and REYES - style microfacets , enabled by the generality of CPU 's driving the rendering process .
If this is a case , then the 3D hardware revolution sparked by 3dfx in 1997 will prove to only be a 10 - year hiatus from the natural evolution of CPU - driven rendering .
Sweeney was off by at least two years , but otherwise it appears more and more likely that he 'll turn out to be correct about the eventual return of software rendering and the death of the GPU as a fixed - function coprocessor .
Intel 's forthcoming Larrabee product will be sold as a discrete GPU , but it is essentially a many - core processor , and there 's little doubt that forthcoming Larrabee competitors from NVIDIA and ATI will be similarly programmable , even if their individual cores are simpler and more specialized .
At NVIDIA 's recent NVISION conference , Sweeney sat down with me for a wide - ranging conversation about the rise and impending fall of the fixed - function GPU , a fall that he maintains will also sound the death knell for graphics APIs like Microsoft 's DirectX and the venerable , SGI - authored OpenGL .
Game engine writers will , Sweeney explains , be faced with a C compiler , a blank text editor , and a stifling array of possibilities for bending a new generation of general - purpose , data - parallel hardware toward the task of putting pixels on a screen .
Goodbye , graphics APIs
JS : I 'd like to chat a little bit about Larrabee and software rendering .
I 'm sure you 're NDA'd on it , but Intel just did a pretty substantial reveal so we can talk in more detail about it .
So first off , I 'm wondering if you 're looking at any of the Larrabee native stuff .
What do you think about the prospects of this whole idea of not doing Direct3D or OpenGL , but writing directly to Larrabee 's micro-OS ?
TS : I expect that in the next generation we 'll write 100 percent of our rendering code in a real programming language — not DirectX , not OpenGL , but a language like C++ or CUDA .
A real programming language unconstrained by weird API restrictions .
Whether that runs on NVIDIA hardware , Intel hardware or ATI hardware is really an independent question .
You could potentially run it on any hardware that 's capable of running general - purpose code efficiently .
JS : So you guys are just going to skip these graphics APIs entirely ?
TS : That 's my expectation .
Graphics APIs only make sense in the case where you have some very limited , fixed - function hardware underneath the covers .
It made perfect sense back with the 3Dfx Voodoo and the first NVIDIA cards , and the very first GeForces , but now that you have completely programmable shaders , the idea that you divide your scene up into triangles rendered in a certain order to a large framebuffer using fixed - function rasterizer features is really an anachronism .
With all that general hardware underneath , why do you want to render scenes that way when you have more interesting possibilities available ?
If you have a pulse and an IQ of at least 70 , you probably realize that our mainstream press sucks .
The silly bitches at the networks ( and way too many newspapers , as well ) fall all over themselves address the pig / lipstick story .
They treat the price of John Edwards ’ latest haircut like they would news that Lower Fucktardistan just nuked Annandale ( although they do n’t seem nearly as concerned over John McCain ’s $ 5 K celebrity makeover ) .
And their fair and balanced coverage can’t seem to distinguish between the truth and a bald - faced lie .
In short , we know – at an abstract level – that they are n’t telling us the important stories .
But … what are those stories that they are n’t telling us ?
When they send a “ reporter ” to cover the latest Sarah Palin photo - op , what story have they decided not to cover ?
Thanks to Project Censored , whose “ objective is training of SSU students in media research and First Amendment issues and the advocacy for , and protection of , free press rights in the United States , ” we actually have a concrete , detailed sense of what stories the MSM does n’t deem fit to print .
Each year they release their Top 25 Censored Stories – the most important should - be news events that most people simply are n’t hearing about – and the list never fails to appall .
How , we have to ask , can a semi- responsible press organization waste even a second of time on the trivia that passes for news these days ( let ’s see what FOX has up at the moment … ah , here ’s one : “ Lesbian Pics Prompt School to Change Yearbook Policy ” ) when all these other stories – massively important stories that have meaningful implications for the lives of Americans – are ignored ?
Here ’s this year ’s list , and you can click for the stories at the Project Censored page :
# 1 . Over One Million Iraqi Deaths Caused by US Occupation
# 2 Security and Prosperity Partnership : Militarized NAFTA
# 3 InfraGard : The FBI Deputizes Business
# 4 ILEA : Is the US Restarting Dirty Wars in Latin America ?
# 5 Seizing War Protesters ’ Assets
# 6 The Homegrown Terrorism Prevention Act
# 7 Guest Workers Inc. : Fraud and Human Trafficking
# 8 Executive Orders Can Be Changed Secretly
# 9 Iraq and Afghanistan Vets Testify
# 10 APA Complicit in CIA Torture
# 11 El Salvador ’s Water Privatization and the Global War on Terror
# 12 Bush Profiteers Collect Billions From No Child Left Behind
# 13 Tracking Billions of Dollars Lost in Iraq
# 14 Mainstreaming Nuclear Waste
# 15 Worldwide Slavery
# 16 Annual Survey on Trade Union Rights
# 17 UN ’s Empty Declaration of Indigenous Rights
# 18 Cruelty and Death in Juvenile Detention Centers
# 19 Indigenous Herders and Small Farmers Fight Livestock Extinction
# 20 Marijuana Arrests Set New Record
# 21 NATO Considers “ First Strike ” Nuclear Option
# 22 CARE Rejects US Food Aid
# 23 FDA Complicit in Pushing Pharmaceutical Drugs
# 24 Japan Questions 9/11 and the Global War on Terror
# 25 Bush ’s Real Problem with Eliot Spitzer
Not that any of this stacks up against Jenna Bush ’s wedding , of course , but you get my point .
As it says right up there in our masthead , “ think – it ai n’t illegal yet . ”
Your ability to think is , in part , a function of what you give your brain to think about ( garbage in , garbage out , after all ) .
Thanks to Project Censored , we do n’t have to settle for the prefabricated faux - news entertainment product – let ’s call it Newz - Whiz® – that the corporate media insist on slopping up .
Remember , ignorance is n’t a crime unless it ’s self - inflicted .
Even by Wall Street standards , the sums are unusually high for such a short period of employment
Merrill Lynch 's newly recruited chief executive , John Thain , stands to share a $ 200 m ( £ 111.4 m ) payout with two senior lieutenants for less than a year 's work which culminated this week in the bank surrendering its 94 - year - old independence .
The Wall Street bank known as the " thundering herd " agreed to a $ 50 bn takeover by Bank of America on Monday after a hasty 48 hours of negotiation .
The talks were prompted by fears over banking stability arising from the collapse of Lehman Brothers .
Thain , who was previously the head of the New York Stock Exchange , joined Merrill in December with a mandate to steer the bank out of financial trouble .
When he arrived , he was given a $ 15 m signing on bonus .
If he leaves in Bank of America 's takeover , he stands to get a further $ 11 m in accelerated stock payouts .
Two former Goldman Sachs executives hired by Thain are likely to do even better .
Merrill 's head of global trading , Thomas Montag , who joined in August , has already received a $ 39 m bonus .
Together with stock options accelerated by a buyout , he could end the year with $ 76 m .
The bank 's head of strategy , Peter Kraus , was given a $ 95 m package including bonuses and stock awards to replace his generous compensation at Goldman when he joined in May , according to figures obtained by Bloomberg News .
It is yet to be determined whether any of the trio will have a role at Bank of America .
Even by the standards of Wall Street payouts , the sums are unusually high for such a short period of employment .
Steven Hall , a New York - based executive remuneration expert , told the Guardian that Merrill had little choice but to honour the contracts : " At the time they were recruiting [ Thain ] , a negotiation took place and he would have told them this is what his price was .
You can't go back and change things now — it 's almost a kind of buyer 's remorse we may be seeing . "
Thain , 53 , is a leading fundraiser for the Republican presidential candidate John McCain .
A doctor 's son , he is an amateur beekeeper who used to keep hives in his back garden .
He bought a two - bedroom apartment on New York 's Park Avenue two years ago which had an asking price of $ 27.5 m .
He was hired by Merrill to steady the ship after huge losses on the credit markets which were run up under the leadership of ousted chief executive Stan O'Neal .
At a press conference this week to announce the buyout by Bank of America , Thain admitted that selling Merrill was not the original plan : " This is n't necessarily the outcome I would have expected when I took the job . "
He insisted that he had made progress in tidying up Merrill : " We 've been consistently cleaning up the balance sheet , repairing the damage that had been done over the last two or three years . "
Thain reportedly fought back tears at a meeting to brief staff on Merrill 's buyout this week .
Analysts say that Merrill 's liabilities were greater than he could have anticipated when he joined — and some have praised his decision to sell .
Defenders of Wall Street 's controversial pay packages generally argue that although bankers do well during good times , they hold insecure jobs which are vulnerable during downturns .
" What we do see is that when times get tough , people lose their jobs — and that 's the ultimate in pay cuts , " said Hall .
A Merrill Lynch spokesman said the bank would not comment on executive compensation beyond the statutory disclosures required in filings with regulators .
During an interview with Brian Williams last night , Sarah Palin danced around the issue of her medical records and whether or not they will be released .
Palin : " The medical records .
So be it .
If that will allow some curiosity seekers , perhaps , to have one more thing that they can either check the box off that they can find something to criticize , perhaps , or find something to rest them assured over .
Fine .
I 'm healthy , I 'm happy , had five kids .
That is going to be in the medical records .
Never been seriously ill or hurt .
You will see that in the medical records if they 're released . "
Why all the secrecy ?
We saw the same thing with John McCain when he made his records public for only three hours to a small group of select reporters .
It understand McCain 's reluctance , but what does a seemingly healthy 44 year old have to hide ?
According to the McCain camp , it does n't look like we 'll find out the answer anytime soon .
Spokeswoman Maria Comella told ABC News on Thursday : “ When medical information related to Governor Palin ’s health is ready to be released we will make that information available . ”
Andrew is all over it .
Source code : Lib/ multiprocessing /
multiprocessing is a package that supports spawning processes using an API similar to the threading module .
The multiprocessing package offers both local and remote concurrency , effectively side - stepping the Global Interpreter Lock by using subprocesses instead of threads .
Due to this , the multiprocessing module allows the programmer to fully leverage multiple processors on a given machine .
It runs on both Unix and Windows .
The multiprocessing module also introduces APIs which do not have analogs in the threading module .
A prime example of this is the Pool object which offers a convenient means of parallelizing the execution of a function across multiple input values , distributing the input data across processes ( data parallelism ) .
The following example demonstrates the common practice of defining such functions in a module so that child processes can successfully import that module .
This basic example of data parallelism using Pool ,
from multiprocessing import Pool def f ( x ) : return x * x if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : with Pool ( 5 ) as p : print ( p . map ( f , [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] ) )
will print to standard output
[ 1 , 4 , 9 ]
The Process class ¶
In multiprocessing , processes are spawned by creating a Process object and then calling its start ( ) method .
Process follows the API of threading .
Thread .
A trivial example of a multiprocess program is from multiprocessing import Process def f ( name ) : print ( ' hello ' , name ) if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : p = Process ( target = f , args = ( ' bob ' , ) ) p . start ( ) p . join ()
To show the individual process IDs involved , here is an expanded example : from multiprocessing import Process import os def info ( title ) : print ( title ) print ( ' module name : ' , __name__ ) print ( ' parent process : ' , os . getppid ( ) ) print ( ' process id : ' , os . getpid ( ) ) def f ( name ) : info ( ' function f ' ) print ( ' hello ' , name ) if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : info ( ' main line ' ) p = Process ( target = f , args = ( ' bob ' , ) ) p . start ( ) p . join ()
For an explanation of why the if __name__ == ' __main__ ' part is necessary , see Programming guidelines .
Contexts and start methods ¶
Depending on the platform , multiprocessing supports three ways to start a process .
These start methods are spawn
The parent process starts a fresh python interpreter process .
The child process will only inherit those resources necessary to run the process objects run ( ) method .
In particular , unnecessary file descriptors and handles from the parent process will not be inherited .
Starting a process using this method is rather slow compared to using fork or forkserver .
Available on Unix and Windows .
The default on Windows and macOS. fork The parent process uses os. fork ( ) to fork the Python interpreter .
The child process , when it begins , is effectively identical to the parent process .
All resources of the parent are inherited by the child process .
Note that safely forking a multithreaded process is problematic .
Available on Unix only .
The default on Unix . forkserver
When the program starts and selects the forkserver start method , a server process is started .
From then on , whenever a new process is needed , the parent process connects to the server and requests that it fork a new process .
The fork server process is single threaded so it is safe for it to use os. fork ( ) .
No unnecessary resources are inherited .
Available on Unix platforms which support passing file descriptors over Unix pipes .
Changed in version 3.8 : On macOS , the spawn start method is now the default .
The fork start method should be considered unsafe as it can lead to crashes of the subprocess .
See bpo-33725 .
Changed in version 3.4 : spawn added on all unix platforms , and forkserver added for some unix platforms .
Child processes no longer inherit all of the parents inheritable handles on Windows .
On Unix using the spawn or forkserver start methods will also start a resource tracker process which tracks the unlinked named system resources ( such as named semaphores or SharedMemory objects ) created by processes of the program .
When all processes have exited the resource tracker unlinks any remaining tracked object .
Usually there should be none , but if a process was killed by a signal there may be some “ leaked ” resources .
( Neither leaked semaphores nor shared memory segments will be automatically unlinked until the next reboot .
This is problematic for both objects because the system allows only a limited number of named semaphores , and shared memory segments occupy some space in the main memory . )
To select a start method you use the set_start_method ( ) in the if __name__ == ' __main__ ' clause of the main module .
For example : import multiprocessing as mp def foo ( q ) : q . put ( ' hello ' ) if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : mp . set_start_method ( ' spawn ' ) q = mp .
Queue ( ) p = mp .
Process ( target = foo , args = ( q , ) ) p . start ( ) print ( q . get ( ) ) p . join ( ) set_start_method ( ) should not be used more than once in the program .
Alternatively , you can use get_context ( ) to obtain a context object .
Context objects have the same API as the multiprocessing module , and allow one to use multiple start methods in the same program .
import multiprocessing as mp def foo ( q ) : q . put ( ' hello ' ) if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : ctx = mp .
get_context ( ' spawn ' ) q = ctx .
Queue ( ) p = ctx .
Process ( target = foo , args = ( q , ) ) p . start ( ) print ( q . get ( ) ) p . join ()
Note that objects related to one context may not be compatible with processes for a different context .
In particular , locks created using the fork context cannot be passed to processes started using the spawn or forkserver start methods .
A library which wants to use a particular start method should probably use get_context ( ) to avoid interfering with the choice of the library user .
Warning
The ' spawn ' and ' forkserver ' start methods cannot currently be used with “ frozen ” executables ( i.e. , binaries produced by packages like PyInstaller and cx_Freeze ) on Unix .
The ' fork ' start method does work .
Exchanging objects between processes ¶ multiprocessing supports two types of communication channel between processes : Queues The Queue class is a near clone of queue .
Queue .
For example : from multiprocessing import Process , Queue def f ( q ) : q . put ( [ 42 , None , ' hello ' ] ) if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : q = Queue ( ) p = Process ( target = f , args = ( q , ) ) p . start ( ) print ( q . get ( ) ) # prints " [ 42 , None , ' hello ' ] " p . join ()
Queues are thread and process safe .
Pipes The Pipe ( ) function returns a pair of connection objects connected by a pipe which by default is duplex ( two - way ) .
For example : from multiprocessing import Process , Pipe def f ( conn ) : conn . send ( [ 42 , None , ' hello ' ] ) conn . close ( ) if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : parent_conn , child_conn = Pipe ( ) p = Process ( target = f , args = ( child_conn , ) ) p . start ( ) print ( parent_conn . recv ( ) ) # prints " [ 42 , None , ' hello ' ] " p . join ()
The two connection objects returned by Pipe ( ) represent the two ends of the pipe .
Each connection object has send ( ) and recv ( ) methods ( among others ) .
Note that data in a pipe may become corrupted if two processes ( or threads ) try to read from or write to the same end of the pipe at the same time .
Of course there is no risk of corruption from processes using different ends of the pipe at the same time .
Synchronization between processes ¶ multiprocessing contains equivalents of all the synchronization primitives from threading .
For instance one can use a lock to ensure that only one process prints to standard output at a time : from multiprocessing import Process , Lock def f ( l , i ) : l . acquire ( ) try : print ( ' hello world ' , i ) finally : l . release ( ) if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : lock = Lock ( ) for num in range ( 10 ) : Process ( target = f , args = ( lock , num ) ) . start ()
Without using the lock output from the different processes is liable to get all mixed up .
Sharing state between processes ¶
As mentioned above , when doing concurrent programming it is usually best to avoid using shared state as far as possible .
This is particularly true when using multiple processes .
However , if you really do need to use some shared data then multiprocessing provides a couple of ways of doing so .
Shared memory Data can be stored in a shared memory map using Value or Array .
For example , the following code from multiprocessing import Process , Value , Array def f ( n , a ) : n . value = 3.1415927 for i in range ( len ( a ) ) : a [ i ] = - a [ i ] if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : num = Value ( ' d ' , 0.0 ) arr = Array ( ' i ' , range ( 10 ) ) p = Process ( target = f , args = ( num , arr ) ) p . start ( ) p . join ( ) print ( num .
value ) print ( arr [ :] ) will print 3.1415927 [ 0 , - 1 , - 2 , - 3 , - 4 , - 5 , - 6 , - 7 , - 8 , - 9 ]
The ' d ' and ' i ' arguments used when creating num and arr are typecodes of the kind used by the array module : ' d ' indicates a double precision float and ' i ' indicates a signed integer .
These shared objects will be process and thread - safe .
For more flexibility in using shared memory one can use the multiprocessing .
sharedctypes module which supports the creation of arbitrary ctypes objects allocated from shared memory .
Server process A manager object returned by Manager ( ) controls a server process which holds Python objects and allows other processes to manipulate them using proxies .
A manager returned by Manager ( ) will support types list , dict , Namespace , Lock , RLock , Semaphore , BoundedSemaphore , Condition , Event , Barrier , Queue , Value and Array .
For example , from multiprocessing import Process , Manager def f ( d , l ) : d [ 1 ] = ' 1 ' d [ ' 2 ' ] = 2 d [ 0.25 ] = None l . reverse ( ) if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : with Manager ( ) as manager : d = manager .
dict ( ) l = manager .
list ( range ( 10 ) ) p = Process ( target = f , args = ( d , l ) ) p . start ( ) p . join ( ) print ( d ) print ( l ) will print { 0.25 : None , 1 : ' 1 ' , ' 2 ' : 2 } [ 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 , 0 ]
Server process managers are more flexible than using shared memory objects because they can be made to support arbitrary object types .
Also , a single manager can be shared by processes on different computers over a network .
They are , however , slower than using shared memory .
Florida Recount Reveals Grave Voting Problems
For full story see ...
Florida Primary Recount
A month of primary recounts in the election battleground of Palm Beach County , Florida , has twice flipped the winner in a local judicial race and revealed grave problems in the county 's election infrastructure , including thousands of misplaced ballots and vote tabulation machines that are literally unable to produce the same results twice .
Experts say the brew of administrative bungling and mysterious technological failures raises new and troubling questions about the county that played a crucial role in the 2000 presidential election debacle , and is one of a handful of counties considered pivotal in the upcoming presidential election .
Voting advocates are fearful that problems here -- and perhaps in other election hot spots -- could trigger a replay of the disputed 2000 election .
" It does n't get any more swing than that swing state , " said Pamela Smith , president of election - integrity group Verified Voting , " and that 's a major county .
This is going to be a very high - turnout election .
In any election you should be able to have justifiable confidence in the outcome .
If you 're having different results every time you count the ballots , that 's not going to create confidence . "
At issue is an Aug. 26 primary election in which officials discovered , during a recount of a close judicial race , that more than 3,400 ballots had mysteriously disappeared after they were initially counted on election day .
The recount a week later , minus the missing ballots , flipped the results of the race to a different winner .
The county eventually found the missing ballots after a prolonged hunt .
But it also turned up an additional 200 or so ballots that officials never knew were missing and that were never counted in the original tabulation of the race .
A recently completed recount -- with all of the ballots -- has restored victory to the original winner .
But the month - long saga has left voters and state officials exasperated and distrustful of the ability of county officials to run a competent general election in November .
More important , it 's also uncovered perplexing problems in some of the county 's high - speed optical - scan tabulation machines , made by Sequoia Voting Systems .
The machines flunked reliability tests prompted by the recount -- producing different results for the same batch of ballots .
For full story see ...
Florida Primary Recount
© Scoop Media
From a distance , they look like nothing more than thin red lines on the horizon , easily lost amid the tumbling blue of the Atlantic Ocean .
But get closer and the significance of the 140 m - long tubes , 10 years in the making by a British company and now floating in the sea off the coast of Portugal , becomes apparent : they are the beginning of an entirely new industry in the hunt for clean power .
Yesterday , the red snake - like devices were inaugurated as part of the world 's first commercial - scale wave - power station , three miles from the coast of the northern Portuguese town of Aguçadoura .
The project , which will generate clean electricity for more than 1,000 family homes in its first phase , marks the latest step in Portugal 's moves to become a leader in developing renewable energy sources .
At the heart of the Aguçadoura power station are three cylindrical wave energy converters , designed and built by the Edinburgh - based company Pelamis Wave Power .
Moving up and down on the endless supply of waves in the open sea , they convert the motion into electricity , without emitting any of the carbon dioxide responsible for warming the planet .
" The future of wave energy starts today , " said Manuel Pinho , Portugal 's economics minister .
" Finland is very good in mobile phones , Portugal wants to be good in renewable energy .
We are among the top five in the world , and we are just in the beginning of the process .
" Renewable energy is the source of energy for the future and we think this can create an industrial revolution and a lot of opportunities for jobs and research and we want to be ahead of the curve . "
Peak output
At peak output , the Pelamis wave machines near Aguçadoura will generate 2.25 MW , enough for the annual needs of about 1,500 family homes .
Eventually , the station will be expanded with a further 25 Pelamis machines so that it can generate up to 21 MW of power .
That will save 60,000 tonnes of CO2 per year compared with a conventional fossil fuel plant .
" If you compare it to wind energy , wave is more predictable and is more sustained typically , " said Ian Sharp of Babcock and Brown , the company that built and commissioned the Aguçadoura wave farm .
Each of semi- submerged Pelamis devices is 142 m long , has a diameter of 3.5 m and is made from 700 tonnes of carbon steel .
A single wave converter is composed of four articulated sections that move up and down as the waves pass along it .
At each of the hinges between the sections , hydraulic rams use the wave motion to drive generators to produce up to 750 KW of power at peak output .
The electricity generated by the three Pelamis devices will be carried by undersea cable to a substation in Aguçadoura , which will then feed the power into the Portuguese national grid .
In addition to this flagship wave power , the Portuguese are investing heavily in other renewable technologies .
They are already spending £ 250 m on more than 2,500 solar photovoltaic panels to build the world 's largest solar farm near the small town of Moura in eastern Portugal .
It will have twice the collecting area of London 's Hyde Park and supply 45 MW of electricity each year , enough to power 30,000 homes .
In the past three years , the country has also trebled its hydroelectric capacity and quadrupled its wind power sources – northern Portugal has the world 's biggest wind farm with more than 130 turbines and a factory that builds the 40 m - long blades .
Pinho wants Portugal to rival Denmark or Japan in its commitment to developing renewables industries – he predicts his country will generate 31 % of all its primary energy from clean sources by 2020 , compared with Britain 's target of 15 % .
The Portuguese target means increasing the generation of electricity from renewable sources from 42 % in 2005 to 60 % in 2020 .
' Time to take note '
Greenpeace UK 's chief scientist , Doug Parr , said the UK government 's energy secretary , John Hutton , should take urgent note of the developments in Portugal .
" Wave technology invented in Scotland is powering Portuguese homes and making money for Portuguese suppliers , because our government has consistently neglected the renewables industry here in the UK . "
The €9 m ( £ 7.14 m ) first phase of the Aguçadoura project , which involves the energy firms Enersis and Energias de Portrugal , has been helped partly by the Portuguese government agreeing to guarantee a premium for the electricity the station will generate via a feed - in tariff of 25 c per KWh .
The project has also been given a € 1.25 m grant from the Portuguese Agência de Inovação .
" The Portuguese government has moved forward on wave energy more quickly than has happened in the UK , " said Sharp .
" [ In Portugal ] we have a feed - in tariff arrangement so we had a guaranteed price for the power that was produced and you do n't have that in the UK .
The environment here was better to stimulate development . "
Parr said there could be dire consequences for the UK unless the government got its act together in developing renewable industries :
" There is a danger that jobs , investment and clean energy will go overseas because of Hutton 's obsession with old technologies like coal and nuclear power .
" It 's time we stopped the rot before our performance on renewables becomes a national disgrace . "
Friends of the Earth 's renewable energy campaigner , Nick Rau , said that wave and tidal power could play a significant role in tackling climate change and reducing the UK 's dependency on fossil fuels .
" The potential for this technology in the UK is enormous - but the government is not doing enough to develop it . "
In the UK , Pelamis is also involved in the South West Development Agency 's project to build a wave power station off the north coast of Cornwall , called Wavehub .
This will be the UK 's first offshore facility for demonstrating a commercial - scale wave power plant - but it is not expected to be operational until at least 2010 .
The SWDA estmates the project could create 1,800 jobs and inject £ 560 m into the British economy .
· This article was amended on Thursday September 25 2008 .
We should have made it clear that Manuel Pinho 's prediction that Portugal will be generating 31 % of all its " power " from clean sources by 2020 referred to primary energy .
Also , we implied that Portugal generates 20 % of its electricity from renewable sources .
This figure should have been 42 % .
These errors have been corrected .
World ’s Leading Motherboard Manufacturers Turn to NVIDIA SLI for New Intel Bloomfield Platforms
3 - Way SLI Will Deliver the Fastest Gaming Solution for Intel Bloomfield CPU Platforms
Credit : Nvidia
Nvidia NF200 - SLI chipset
— NVIDIA Corporation today announced that the world ’s preeminent motherboard manufacturers , ASUS , EVGA , MSI , Gigabyte , and DFI , have all licensed NVIDIA ® SLI ® technology for their new lineup of motherboards designed to work with Intel Bloomfield CPUs and X58 chipsets .
The addition of SLI to these motherboards and adoption by major OEMs including Dell and others means consumers will be able to harness the power of award - winning GeForce ®
GPUs in single , SLI , or 3 - way SLI configurations for the fastest visual computing experience on upcoming Intel Bloomfield platforms .
“ Dell Gaming is known for industry - leading graphics and unparalleled performance , ” said Patrick Cooper , Director of Product Planning for Dell Gaming .
“ With the marriage of NVIDIA SLI and the latest generation of Intel chipsets , we will continue to offer hardcore gamers the opportunity to push their Alienware systems beyond the limits of today ’s hottest titles .
” New motherboards and PCs designed for SLI technology and Bloomfield processors are currently in final production and are being readied for time - to - market introduction based on Intel processor launch schedules .
The motherboards and PC systems coming to market will feature a variety of graphics connectivity options , including more advanced bandwidth configurations using the NVIDIA nForce ® 200 SLI processor , as well as those designed to run SLI technology natively through a licensing and certification program .
“ ASUS is bringing many motherboards into production with support for NVIDIA SLI technology , and a motherboard worthy of mention is the new ASUS Rampage II Extreme which is based on Intel ’s upcoming X58 chipset , ” said Joe Hsieh , General Manager at ASUS Motherboard Business Unit .
“ This state - of - the - art motherboard is specifically designed to serve as the nucleus of the most demanding PC configurations available on the market today , and will be a boon to extreme overclockers and hardcore gamers .
We are expecting gamers to take full advantage of the graphics capability that 3 - way SLI provides to build a screaming - fast gaming machine .
I ’m sure our customers can hardly wait to start gaming !
” “ EVGA is continuing its tradition of bringing true enthusiast platforms to the market following the success with NVIDIA nForce - based SLI motherboards supporting Intel CPUs , ” said Joe Darwin , Director of Technical Marketing at EVGA .
“ By licensing NVIDIA SLI technology , the EVGA X58 motherboard will deliver the ultimate 2 - way and 3 - way SLI platform to , once again , meet the enthusiast ’s demand .
” “ We are excited to be offering a variety of different SLI - certified motherboards for our enthusiast customers , ” said Jason Lee , Global DPS Marketing Manager of MSI .
“ Our new Eclipse product lineup , which includes the Eclipse SLI and Eclipse + motherboards featuring exclusive DrMOS extension , three x16 PCI Express slots , and the nForce 200 processor will prove to be popular with those enthusiasts who want to run 3 - way SLI with full bandwidth allocated for graphics performance .
”
“ When NVIDIA enabled SLI for the Bloomfield CPU , we knew we would have a hit .
Our customers have been asking for this since we started talking about X58 .
The 3 - way SLI performance delivered by 3 GeForce GTX 280s will be amazing on Bloomfield , ” said Tony Liao , Director of Marketing at GIGABYTE .
” “ Our new DFI LanParty UT X58 - T3eH8 has many overclocker - friendly features , including server level PWM , Debug LED , and a switchable BIOS , making it a must - have platform for hardcore gamers , ” said Max Chang , Sales Director at DFI .
“ When coupled with NVIDIA GeForce GPUs running in 3 - way SLI operation , end users will enjoy the fastest gaming experience . ” X58 - based motherboards certified for NVIDIA SLI technology are on display at the Intel Developer Forum being held on October 20 , 2008 and October 21 , 2008 in Taipei , Taiwan .
Transcript :
Zipper : I can't remember what channel it's on ...
George Carlin : ___! Zipper : Found it .
Carlin :
And those K's , those are aggressive sounds .
They just jump out at you , like , ____ , ____ , ___ , ____ !
That word ____ was really repeated in there because the word _____ is a compound word and it's another form of the word _____ .
Now the word __ is okay .
Get that ___ out of here , I do n't want to see that ____ anymore , I can't cut that ____ .
I 've had that ____ up to here !
Oh , ___ ___ , man !
I said ____!
Stupid ____!
____ you and everybody that looks like you !
____ , ___ and ___ , those three .
____ , we talked about .
It 's like ____ , a cutie word , no problem .
____ you can't say , but who wants to ?
Zipper : I wo n't lie to you , dude - I 'm not following this .
Jeff :
No wonder he did n't work in print .
Carline : ____ , you know ?
In Memoriam : George Carlin - 1937-2008 .
Just hours after the campaign began , however , came news of the death of yet another Canadian soldier in Afghanistan .
Sgt. Scott Shipway , the 97th soldier to die , was killed by a roadside improvised explosive device that also injured seven other Canadian soldiers .
“ We ’re offering …a vision that looks forward , ” said Layton .
Green Party leader Elizabeth May , who faces the biggest challenge to get an MP elected to Parliament for the first time ever , said many Canadians have “ tuned out ” of politics .
But she said voters face a “ critical decision . ”
Theoretical and empirical research pertaining to the influence of gender on sentencing outcomes has focused almost exclusively on the gender of offenders .
What this literature has not fully considered is how the gender of crime victims might affect sentencing outcomes .
Using data for offenders convicted of three violent crimes in the seven largest metro counties in Texas in 1991 , the authors find evidence that offenders who victimized females received substantially longer sentences than offenders who victimized males .
Results also show that victim gender effects on sentence length are conditioned by offender gender , such that male offenders who victimize females received the longest sentence of any other victim gender / offender gender combination .
However , whereas these effects are observed for sentence length , no victim gender effects are observed on whether offenders received an incarcerative or nonincarcerative sentence .
The authors address the implications of their findings for theory and subsequent research .
Albonetti , C. A. ( 1991 ) .
An integration of theories to explain judicial discretion .
Social Problems , 38 , 247 - 266 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Baldus , D. C. , Woodworth , G. , & Pulaski , C. A. , Jr. ( 1990 ) .
Equal justice and the death penalty : A legal and empirical analysis .
Boston : Northeastern University Press .
Google Scholar
Bauldaf , S. ( 1999 , September 29 ) .
In the capital of capital punishment .
Retrieved from Christian Science Monitor website : http://www.csmonitor.com/durable/1999/07/29/fp1s4-csm.shtml
Google Scholar
Baumer , E. P. , Messner , S. F. , & Felson , R. B. ( 2000 ) .
The role of victim characteristics in the disposition of murder cases .
Justice Quarterly , 17 , 281 - 307 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Beaulieu , M. , & Messner , S. F. ( 1999 ) .
Race , gender , and outcomes in first degree murder cases .
Journal of Poverty , 3 , 47 - 68 .
Google Scholar Crossref
Berk , R. A. ( 1983 ) .
An introduction to sample selection bias in sociological data .
American Sociological Review , 48 , 386 - 398 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Boritch , H. ( 1992 ) .
Gender and criminal court outcomes :
An historical analysis .
Criminology , 30 , 293 - 325 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Chesney - Lind , M. ( 1977 ) .
Judicial paternalism and the female status offender : Training women to know their place .
Crime and Delinquency , 23 , 121 - 130 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals | ISI
Chesney - Lind , M. ( 1997 ) .
The female offender : Girls , women , and crime .
Thousand Oaks , CA : Sage .
Google Scholar
Crawford , C. ( 2000 ) .
Gender , race , and habitual offender sentencing in Florida .
Criminology , 38 , 263 – 280 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Crew , B. K. ( 1991 ) .
Sex differences in criminal sentencing : Chivalry or patriarchy ?
Justice Quarterly , 8 , 59 - 83 .
Google Scholar Crossref
Curran , D. A. ( 1983 ) .
Judicial discretion and defendant ’s sex .
Criminology , 21 , 41 - 58 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Daly , K. ( 1987 ) .
Discrimination in the criminal courts : Family , gender , and the problem of equal treatment .
Social Forces , 66 , 152 - 175 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Daly , K. ( 1989a ) .
Rethinking judicial paternalism : Gender , work - family relations , and sentencing .
Gender and Society , 3 , 9 - 36 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals | ISI
Daly , K. ( 1989 b ) .
Neither conflict nor labeling nor paternalism will suffice : Intersections of race , ethnicity , gender , and family in criminal court decisions .
Crime and Delinquency , 35 , 136 - 168 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals | ISI
Daly , K. ( 1994 ) .
Gender , crime and punishment .
New Haven , CT : Yale University Press .
Google Scholar
Daly , K. ( 1997 ) .
Differentways of conceptualizing sex / gender in feminist theory and their implications for criminology .
Theoretical Criminology , 1 , 25 - 51 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals
Daly , K. , & Bordt , R. L. ( 1995 ) .
Sex effects and sentencing :
An analysis of the statistical literature .
Justice Quarterly , 12 , 141 – 175 .
Google Scholar Crossref
Engen , R. L. , & Gainey , R. R. ( 2000 ) .
Modeling the effects of legally relevant and extralegal factors under sentencing guidelines :
The rules have changed .
Criminology , 38 , 1207 - 1230 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Fabelo , T. ( 1993 ) .
Sentencing dynamics study : A sourcebook of sentencing practices in urban Texas in 1991 , Texas : Criminal Justice Policy Council .
Google Scholar
Farnworth , M. , & Teske , R. H. C. , Jr. ( 1995 ) .
Gender differences in filling court processing : Testing three hypotheses of disparity .
Women and Criminal Justice , 6 , 23 - 44 .
Google Scholar Crossref
Ghali , M. , & Chesney - Lind , M. ( 1986 ) .
Gender bias and the criminal justice system :
An empirical investigation .
Sociology and Social Research , 70 , 164 - 171 .
Google Scholar
Glaeser , E. L. , & Sacerdote , B. ( 2000 ) .
The determinants of punishment : Deterrence , incapacitation and vengeance ( Discussion Paper 1894 ) .
Harvard Institute of Economic Research .
Cambridge , MA : National Bureau of EconomicResearch .
Google Scholar Crossref
Hawkins , D. F. ( 1987 ) .
Beyond anomalies : Rethinking the conflict perspective on race and criminal punishment .
Social Forces , 65 , 719 - 745 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Hunter , R. J. , Ralph , P. H. , & Marquart , J. ( 1993 ) .
The death sentencing of rapists in pre-Furman Texas ( 1942 to 1971 ) : The racial dimension .
American Journal of Criminal Law , 20 , 313 - 337 .
Google Scholar
Keil , T. J. , & Vito , G. F. ( 1990 ) .
Race and the death penalty in Kentucky murder trials :
An analysis of post - Gregg outcomes .
Justice Quarterly , 17 , 189 - 207 .
Google Scholar Crossref
Keil , T. J. , & Vito , G. F. ( 1992 ) .
The effects of the Furman and Gregg decisions on Black - White execution ratios in the South .
Journal of Criminal Justice , 20 , 217 - 226 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Kingsnorth , R. , Lopez , J. , Wentworth , J. , & Cummings , D. ( 1998 ) .
Adult sexual assault :
The role of racial / ethnic composition in prosecution and sentencing .
Journal of Criminal Justice , 26 , 359 - 371 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Kingsnorth , R. , MacIntosh , R. , Berdahl , T. , Blades , C. , & Rossi , S. ( 2001 ) .
Domestic violence :
The roles of interracial / ethnic dyads in criminal court processing .
Journal of Contemporary Criminal Justice , 17 , 123 - 141 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals
Kingsnorth , R. , MacIntosh , R. , & Wentworth , J. ( 1999 ) .
Sexual assault :
The role of prior relationship and victim characteristics in case processing .
Justice Quarterly , 16 , 275 - 302 .
Google Scholar Crossref
Koons - Witt , B. A. ( 2002 ) .
The effect of gender on the decision to incarcerate before and after the introduction of sentencing guidelines .
Criminology , 40 , 297 - 328 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Kruttschnitt , C. , & Green , D. ( 1984 ) .
The sex sanctioning issue :
Is it history ?
American Sociological Review , 49 , 541 - 551 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
LaFree , G. D. ( 1980 ) .
The effect of sexual stratification by race on official reactions to rape .
American Sociological Review , 45 , 842 - 854 .
Google Scholar Crossref | Medline | ISI
Meithe , T. D. ( 1987 ) .
Charging and plea bargaining practices under determinate sentencing :
An investigation of the hydraulic displacement of discretion .
Journal of Criminal Law and Criminology , 78 , 155 - 176 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Meithe , T. D. , & Moore , C. A. ( 1985 ) .
Socioeconomic disparities under determinate sentencing systems : A comparison of preguideline and postguideline practices in Minnesota .
Criminology , 23 , 337 - 363 .
Google Scholar Crossref
Mustard , D. B ( 2001 ) .
Racial , ethnic , and gender disparities in sentencing : Evidence from the U.S. federal courts .
Journal of Law and Economics , 44 , 285 - 314 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Myers , M. A. ( 1979 ) .
Offended parties and official reactions : Victims and the sentencing of criminal defendants .
Sociological Quarterly , 20 , 529 - 540 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Myers , M. A. , & LaFree , G. D. ( 1982 ) .
Sexual assault and its prosecution : A comparison with other crimes .
Journal of Criminal Law and Criminology , 73 , 1282 - 1305 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Myers , M. A. , & Talarico , S. M. ( 1987 ) .
The social contexts of criminal sentencing .
New York : Springer - Verlag .
Google Scholar Crossref
Rafter , N. H. , & Stanko , E. A. ( 1982 ) . Introduction .
In N. H. Rafter and E. Anne Stanko ( Eds. ) , Judge , lawyer , victim , thief ( pp. 1 - 26 ) .
Boston : Northeastern University Press .
Google Scholar
Spohn , C. ( 1994 ) .
Crime and the social control of Blacks : Offender / victim race and the sentencing of violent offenders .
In G. S. Bridges & M. A. Myers ( Eds. ) , Inequality , crime , and social control ( pp. 249 - 268 ) .
Boulder , CO : Westview .
Google Scholar
Spohn , C. ( 1999 ) .
Gender and sentencing of drug offenders :
Is chivalry dead ?
Criminal Justice Policy Review , 9 , 365 - 399 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals
Spohn , C. ( 2002 ) .
How do judges decide ?
The search for fairness and justice in punishment .
Thousand Oaks , CA : Sage .
Google Scholar
Spohn , C. , & Beichner , D. ( 2000 ) .
Is preferential treatment of female offenders a thing of the past ?
A multisite study of gender , race , and imprisonment .
Criminal Justice Policy Review , 11 , 149 - 184 .
Google Scholar SAGE Journals
Spohn , C. , & Holleran , D. ( 2000 ) .
The imprisonment penalty and paid by young , unemployed Black and Hispanic male offenders .
Criminology , 38 , 281 - 306 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Spohn , C. C. , & Spears , J. W. ( 1997 ) .
Gender and case processing decisions : A comparison of case outcomes for male and female defendants charged with violent felonies .
Women and Criminal Justice , 8 , 29 - 59 .
Google Scholar Crossref
Spohn , C. , Welch , S. , & Gruhl , J. ( 1985 ) .
Women defendants in court :
The interaction between sex and race in convicting and sentencing .
Social Science Quarterly , 66 , 178 - 185 .
Google Scholar ISI
Steffensmeier , D. , Kramer , J. H. , & Streifel , C. ( 1993 ) .
Gender and imprisonment decisions .
Criminology , 31 , 411 - 446 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Steffensmeier , D. , Ulmer , J. , & Kramer , J. H. ( 1998 ) .
The interaction of race , gender , and age and criminal sentencing :
The punishment cost of being young , Black , and male .
Criminology , 36 , 763 – 797 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Stolzenberg , L. , & D’Alessio , S. J. ( 1994 ) .
Sentencing and unwarranted disparity :
An empirical assessment of the long - term impact of sentencing guidelines in Minnesota .
Criminology , 32 , 301 - 310 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Thomson , R. J. , & Zingraff , M. T. ( 1981 ) .
Detecting sentence disparity : Some problems and evidence .
American Journal of Sociology , 86 , 869 - 880 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Ulmer , J. T. , & Kramer , J. H. ( 1996 ) .
Court communities under sentencing guidelines : Dilemmas of formal rationality and sentencing disparity .
Criminology , 34 , 383 - 408 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Walsh , A. ( 1987 ) .
The sexual stratification hypothesis and sexual assault in light of the changing conceptions of race .
Criminology , 25 , 153 - 173 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Weary , G. , Stanley , M. A. , & Harvey , J. H. ( 1989 ) . Attribution .
New York : Springer - Verlag .
Google Scholar Crossref
Deployment Erodes Longstanding Separation Between Civilian And Military Government
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
NEW YORK – The American Civil Liberties Union today demanded information from the government about reports that an active military unit has been deployed inside the U.S. to help with " civil unrest " and " crowd control " – matters traditionally handled by civilian authorities .
This deployment jeopardizes the longstanding separation between civilian and military government , and the public has a right to know where and why the unit has been deployed , according to an ACLU Freedom of Information request filed today .
" The military 's deployment within U.S. borders raises critical questions that must be answered , " said Jonathan Hafetz , staff attorney with the ACLU National Security Project .
" What is the unit 's mission ?
What functions will it perform ?
And why was it necessary to deploy the unit rather than rely on civilian agencies and personnel and the National Guard ?
Given the magnitude of the issues at stake , it is imperative that the American people know the truth about this new and unprecedented intrusion of the military in domestic affairs . "
According to a report in the Army Times , the Army recently deployed an active military unit inside the United States under Northern Command , which was established in 2002 to assist federal homeland defense efforts and coordinate defense support of civil authorities .
This deployment marks the first time an active unit has been given a dedicated assignment to Northern Command .
Civilian authorities , not the military , have historically controlled and directed the internal affairs of the United States .
This rule traces its origins to the nation 's founding and has been reaffirmed in landmark statutes including the Posse Comitatus Act , which helps preserve the foundational principles of our Constitution and democracy .
" This is a radical departure from separation of civilian law enforcement and military authority , and could , quite possibly , represent a violation of law , " said Mike German , ACLU national security policy counsel and former FBI Agent .
" Our Founding Fathers understood the threat that a standing army could pose to American liberty .
While future generations recognized the need for a strong military to defend against increasingly capable foreign threats , they also passed statutory protections to ensure that the Army could not be turned against the American people .
The erosion of these protections should concern every American . "
In order to assess the implications of the recent deployment , the ACLU requested the Departments of Justice , Homeland Security and Defense today to immediately make public all legal opinions , executive orders , presidential directives , memos , policy guidance , and other documents that authorize the deployment of military troops for domestic purposes .
Since the terrorist attacks of 9/11 , the Department of Defense has dramatically expanded its role in domestic law enforcement and intelligence operations , including the National Security Agency 's warrantless wiretapping programs , the Department of Homeland Security 's use of military spy satellites , and the participation of military personnel in state and local intelligence fusion centers .
The ACLU has repeatedly expressed concern about these incremental encroachments of the military into domestic affairs , and the assignment of active duty troops to Northern Command only heightens these concerns .
A copy of the ACLU 's information request is available online at : www.aclu.org/safefree/general/37272lgl20081021.html
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
The biggest financial bailout in American history hit a speed bump Tuesday on Capitol Hill as members of the Senate began to balk at quick action to pass the measure , saying such a massive proposal requires more careful discussion and consideration .
While there was no sense that the plan , authored by Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , was yet in peril , senators suggested at a hearing with Paulson , Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke and other top regulatory officials that the measure would not be completed by the end of the week and needed extra provisions .
Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd said that the plan " is not going to work " in its current form .
Sen . Richard Shelby of Alabama , the panel 's top Republican , said the plan " is not going to be just rubber - stamped . "
“ ' It ( the bailout ) would do nothing in my view to let a single family save a home .
It would do nothing to stop a CEO from dumping billion dollars of toxic assets on the back of American taxpayers . ' ” — Sen. Chris Dodd , chairman of Senate Banking Commmittee
Paulson and Bernanke urged senators on the banking committee to quickly approve the unprecedented $ 700 billion plan to prop up the shell - shocked U.S. financial system , saying failure to do so would risk the stability of financial markets and the U.S. economy .
Lawmakers grilled the two financial chiefs about the huge package and pressed both of them to include other elements such as aid for homeowners and caps on executive pay .
Notes of skepticism crept into the statements of congressional leaders .
But many legislators were walking a tightrope -- complaining about the plan while promising to take action .
Dodd said the Paulson proposal was " stunning " in its lack of detail .
" It would do nothing in my view to let a single family save a home .
It would do nothing to stop a CEO from dumping billion dollars of toxic assets on the back of American taxpayers , " said Dodd .
" It is not just our economy at risk but our Constitution as well , " Dodd said , because it would allow Paulson to spend $ 700 billion " with impunity . "
Shelby complained that there had been no time to consider alternatives .
And opposition was plainly seen among the backbenchers .
Sen . Mike Enzi , R - Wyo. , said the plan would cost $ 2,300 per taxpayer .
" This committee would not be doing its job if that were allowed to happen , " Enzi said .
At that point , spectators in the audience of the hearing broke out in applause .
Sen. Jim Bunning , R - Ky. , called the Paulson plan " financial socialism " and " un-American . "
Sen . Evan Bayh , D - Ind. , said the measure was so important that Congress should postpone its plan to leave town at the end of the week until " we get it right . "
Overseas leaders are clearly worried about the Paulson plan .
President Bush said that he was peppered with questions about the measure as the United Nations convened in New York .
He said he assured foreign leaders that Congress would pass the plan in short order .
In the financial markets , investors paid close attention to the testimony .
Stocks moved in a tentative fashion in the aftermath of Monday 's big losses .
See Market Snapshot .
Bernanke spells out benefits
Bernanke said that criticism of the $ 700 billion plan proposed by Paulson overlooked a key ingredient :
It is designed to avoid forcing banks to sell or value their mortgage assets at " fire - sale " prices .
In a harsher tone than he has previously used in testimony , Bernanke spelled out the benefits that would accrue when the government can buy these mortgage assets at close to " hold to maturity " prices instead of the fire - sale prices .
He also called approval of the Treasury plan a " precondition " for a healthy U.S. economic recovery and said the housing market wo n't recover without the credit that would be made available under it .
Banks would have a basis for valuing the assets and wo n't have to use fire - sale prices , and their capital wo n't be unreasonably marked down , he said .
Liquidity should begin to come back to the markets and uncertainty should dissipate .
Credit markets should start to unfreeze , Bernanke said .
Moreover , if the assets are purchased near the true hold to maturity prices , taxpayer losses should be minimal , he said .
" Most or all of the value will be recovered over time , " the central banker said , if auctions of the securities are done properly .
Officials advise not to complicate the issue
Paulson did n't come offering an olive branch to the legislators .
He said that his mortgage rescue plan must be designed to hit the ground running , a clear signal that he will oppose any changes that he believes would slow down implementation .
The Treasury secretary said that he believes it has solid support from members of both parties .
Paulson said that amendments to his package that would also cause controversy must be left out .
Congressional approval of the plan would " avoid a continuing series of financial institution failures and frozen credit markets that threaten American families ' financial well - being , the viability of businesses both small and large , and the very health of our economy , " he said .
Read Paulson 's testimony .
Paulson opposed a suggestion from Sen. Charles Schumer , D - N.Y. , that the $ 700 billion be given to Treasury in tranches , calling it a " grave mistake . "
Paulson also rejected a Democratic proposal that the government get equity warrants in return for the assistance , saying that it would limit participation .
Treasury wants both healthy and wobbly financial institutions to participate , he explained .
In his testimony , Bernanke also came across as a strong supporter of the Treasury 's plan to buy bad assets off Wall Street 's books .
With global markets under " extraordinary stress , " there could be " very serious consequences for our financial markets and for our economy , " according to his prepared testimony .
" Purchasing impaired assets will create liquidity and promote price discovery in the markets for these assets , while reducing investor uncertainty about the current value and prospects of financial institutions . "
Read Bernanke 's statement .
Progress has been made on the massive plan to prop up financial markets , but there are also concerns about disagreements that could stall passage .
Rep. Barney Frank , chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , said Monday that the Bush administration and Democrats have agreed to additions to the plan , including creating an independent oversight board and aid for homeowners facing foreclosure .
However , there 's uncertainty over a proposal to allow the government to take an equity position in companies that participate in the U.S. program .
Frank , D - Mass. , said that the Treasury had agreed , but reports later Monday afternoon said the Treasury had n't .
Tuesday morning , a White House spokesman urged lawmakers to finalize the plan this week .
" This is very much about Main Street America , and preserving the operation of these businesses , " Tony Fratto told reporters .
He added that the rescue will have a " very positive impact " on homeowners and the mortgage market , adding that the administration supports robust oversight .
German tuner Hamann has a package for tuning model Aston Martin Vantage .
It contains November Spoil front and rear , side thresholds , aileron , and alloy rims of 21 - inch , exhaust system , a new suspension and interior accessories .
Aston Martin Vantage by Hamann
Aston Martin Vantage by Hamann
Aston Martin Vantage by Hamann
Aston Martin Vantage by Hamann
Jerry Reed Dies ( Photos )
, 71 , died of complications from emphysema early Monday , September 1 , 2008 .
His longtime booking agent , gave the following statement : " He 's one of the greatest entertainers in the world .
That 's the way I feel about him . "
Jerry told the story of how he got his first guitar .
His mother bought it for him for $ 7 dollars from a neighbor across the street and taught her son a few chords .
Reed did n't have any guitar picks so he remembered using nickels .
With no formal training , he developed his craft by watching other musicians in clubs and then practicing 16 hours a day .
Reed was a singer and actor who was best known for his role in Smokey and the Bandit .
He was a gifted guitarist and songwriter .
In the 70's and 80's he had several hits including Amos Moses , When You 're Hot , You 're Hot , East Bound and Down and The Bird .
Reed was voted instrumentalist of the year in 1970 by the Country Music Association and won multiple Grammy awards .
He continued performing on the road into the late 1990's , doing 80 shows a year .
In 1992 he told the AP :
" I 'm proud of the songs , I 'm proud of things that I did with Chet Atkins and I 'm proud that I played guitar and was accepted by musicians and guitar players .
I used to watch people like Richard Burton and Mel Gibson and think , ' I could never do that . '
When people ask me what my motivation is , I have a simple answer : Money . "
See photo gallery below .
Did the internet just cause Sarah Palin to destroy evidence ?
The potential Veep is in a bit of trouble for conducting state business using her personal , unarchived email address ( gov.sarah@yahoo.com ) instead of her official account ( which is , of course , subject to laws requiring the retention of government records ) .
Emails from that Yahoo account are already being sought in connection with the Troopergate investigation .
Now comes word that Anonymous , the fun-loving Internet trouble - makers based loosely around the message board 4 Chan , gained access to another Palin email account : gov.palin@yahoo.com .
It looks legit !
The offending posts , screenshots , heretofore unseen family photos , and emails have all been deleted from Imageshack and 4 Chan .
But we have them .
You want to read Sarah Palin 's email ?
Ok , sad thing first : a good Samaritan reset the password and tried to alert Sarah .
But he also posted the new password , causing multiple people to try to log in at once , freezing the account for 24 hours .
And now , the account has been deleted !
Which is , as we said , maybe destruction of evidence ?
So for now this is , we think , all we 'll get to see from this email account ( if anyone finds evidence of saved emails , let us know . )
The full timeline of events , with corroborating evidence of the legitimacy of these screengrabs , is here .
Here 's why it all looks convincing :
The emails to Ivy Frye , a Palin aide who 's mentioned in the earlier email stories specifically wondering how best to hide her correspondence with the governor .
The attached contact list ( below ) features an email address for husband Todd Palin that is legit .
As well as an apparently genuine phone number for Bristol Palin and an address for Beth Leschper , Palin 's deputy communications director .
The email from Amy McCorkell , a known associate of Palin 's from Wasilla who might have the governor 's personal email address .
Emails to and from Lt Governor Sean Parnell about a local radio talk host .
Calls to the phone number listed for Bristol Palin apparently go to her voicemail .
The public profile for the gov. palin address dates its last update to April of this year — well before she became McCain 's running mate .
So if it 's a hoax , it 's a hoax that began long before anyone outside of Alaska cared about Palin .
We have n't seen these family photos before .
Have we ?
The previously accessible public profiles for gov.sarah@yahoo and gov.palin@yahoo were both deleted at the same time .
Here are the screenshots of the emails saved before the account went dark , along with the contact list .
It 's newsworthy and we will not be taking it down !
CONTACT LIST Beth Leschper ( Beth Leschper SOA ) [ Edit ] beth.leschper@alaska.gov
Blanche Kallstrom ( Blanche ) [ Edit ] mbkrdk@starband.net Bristol Palin ( Bristol ) [ Edit ] bristol_palin@hotmail.com
Chuck Heath ( Chuck ) [ Edit ] chckheath@yahoo.com fek9wnr@yahoo.com ( Todd ) [ Edit ] fek9wnr@yahoo.com ftb907@yahoo.com ( Frank ) [ Edit ] ftb907@yahoo.com Heather Bruce ( Heather ) [ Edit ] khbruce@gci.net ivy.frye@alaska.gov
( Ivy SOA ) [ Edit ] ivy.frye@alaska.gov ivyfrye@yahoo.com ( Ivy Personal ) [ Edit ] ivyfrye@yahoo.com Judy Patrick ( Judy Patrick ) [ Edit ] jpphoto@mtaonline.net kris.perry@alaska.gov ( Kris Perry SOA ) [ Edit ] kris.perry@alaska.gov krisandclark@yahoo.com ( Kris Personal ) [ Edit ] krisandclark@yahoo.com paymckhea@yahoo.com ( Molly ) [ Edit ] paymckhea@yahoo.com Roseanne Hughes ( Roseanne Hughes SOA ) [ Edit ] roseanne.hughes@alaska.gov
Sally Heath ( Mom ) [ Edit ] salheath@mtaonline.net Sean Parnell ( Sean Personal ) [ Edit ] sparnell@alaska.com Sharon Leighow ( Sharon SOA ) [ Edit ] sharon.leighow@alaska.gov Sleighow@aol.com ( Sharon Leighow Personal ) [ Edit ] Sleighow@aol.com Track Palin ( Track ) [ Edit ] track_44@hotmail.com
UPDATE :
ARLINGTON , VA — Today , McCain - Palin 2008 Campaign Manager Rick Davis issued the following statement concerning reports about Governor Palin 's email and an invasion of privacy : " This is a shocking invasion of the Governor 's privacy and a violation of law .
The matter has been turned over to the appropriate authorities and we hope that anyone in possession of these emails will destroy them .
We will have no further comment . "
Point one : legitimacy confirmed !
Point two : I guess we 'll have to blow up the internet now ?
Is Google Turning Into Big Brother ?
The debut of Chrome , Google 's new browser , may have been quiet for a reason .
Sept. 5 , 2008  --
While we 're transfixed by the presidential election , in the world of high tech another duel between two well - funded , take - no - quarter candidates has just emerged … and in the long run the impact on our daily lives may be nearly as great -- and perhaps even sinister .
As you probably heard , on Monday -- that is , on a national holiday , when business announcements are almost never made -- Google rolled out Chrome , its new Web browser .
Why the odd timing ?
Hard to say .
Google surely knows that just about anything it does these days is going to cause a news frenzy -- and especially when it 's announcing its first thrust into a huge new market .
Sign Up for Our RSS Feed and Get the Latest Business Headlines From ABC News
So , perhaps it hoped to temper this coverage to a degree , and drag it out for several days .
Or perhaps Google was unsure about the product itself , and did n't want to overhype it -- and then face a potential backlash .
Or , maybe Google just did n't think Chrome was that important , saw a window between the two political conventions and rushed it out .
Google 's official explanation is that the Labor Day release of Chrome was an accident , and the Terms of Use attached to that product were simply a cut-and - paste from other Google products .
We will leave it to the reader to decide if these are viable explanations from a multi-billion company regarding one of its biggest new products in years -- and , if true , what it says about Google 's competence in handling some of your most sensitive information .
Well , now that Chrome is out and being field - tested by reviewers , I think we can rule out the second and the third scenarios .
That leaves the first .
But why would a company that knows it has a solid and newsworthy product on its hands intentionally dampen media coverage of it ?
The answer , I think , was that it was a long - term strategic decision to make Chrome look almost like an afterthought .
And I think that decision was made at the highest levels of Google , perhaps by CEO Eric Schmidt .
Why ?
Because Google 's ambitions are bigger than most of us have ever imagined , and the company is now rich enough , and powerful enough , to execute them -- even if it means the short - term sacrifice of a major new revenue source .
One more thing :
If Google pulls off this strategy , it will be the most valuable company on the planet .
It will also be the scariest … and we should start worrying about that right now .
First , a little background .
Google sits at the confluence of two historic Silicon Valley philosophical streams .
One , which comes from Sergey Brinn and Larry Page , the two founders , reaches back all of the way to the early days of computing and continues forward through the world of gamers , hackers , Apple and the Web 2.0 generation .
It is essentially utopian in its belief that technology -- especially the Web -- will bring about a better world ( hence , Google 's " Do n't Be Evil " motto ) .
It also has absolutist ( some would even say totalitarian ) tendencies , in that it also believes that the empiricism of science and technology supersedes messy human institutions .
It is proudly amoral , which is why it can celebrate hackers -- or for that matter , Steve Jobs -- as heroes , as long as they remain innovators .
Taking on Google : About Schmidt
The second stream is embodied in a single figure , Eric Schmidt .
Schmidt is perhaps the smartest person I know -- and one of the few people in tech history ( Andy Grove is another , and the comparison is telling ) who has ever successfully made the leap from being a corporate chief scientist to Fortune 500 CEO .
But the trip was n't easy .
Twice , Schmidt watched all of his efforts come to nothing in the face of devastating assaults by Bill Gates and Microsoft .
The first time , at Sun Microsystems , Schmidt was all but helpless to do anything ; the second time , at Novell , where he was CEO , he had to take the blame .
In those days , everyone in Silicon Valley was obsessed with Microsoft .
It seemed an unstoppable force that would slowly crush one market after another until it had rolled up the entire tech world .
Most companies and entrepreneurs either hunkered down and tried to ride out the storm , or simply ran way -- finding market niches where Microsoft was unlikely to follow .
But three Valleyites , each of them a genius of one type or another , and each of them already burned by Microsoft , set out on their own to figure out how to beat Gates .
The first was Larry Ellison , whose company Oracle was nearly as big as Microsoft .
Ruthless and insanely competitive , Ellison tried and failed to draw users off their PCs and onto a theoretical " network computer , " failed and then embarked on an acquisition campaign that essentially encased his customer base behind impenetrable walls .
The second was Marc Andreessen , who had to watch his beloved Netscape be crushed by Gates ' borderline illegal attack with Internet Explorer , quietly withdrew upstream from Microsoft and went into the " tool " business , devising new ways for users to use the Internet without Microsoft .
But neither went so far , with such success , as Schmidt .
He spent years figuring out how to beat Microsoft -- and when he was given Google , he knew he now had the perfect club .
Microsoft still took most of the world 's users to the Internet , but once they got there , Google owned them .
The Web was all about searching for information -- and because Google 's search service was free , billions of users happily took Google up on the offer .
That might have been enough .
Google is now one of the world 's most valuable and influential companies .
Much of the planet 's population passes through its simple and friendly portals every day , and in the process it has snatched up a sizable chunk of the advertising money out there .
Meanwhile , no one talks much about Microsoft these days .
It would seem that Schmidt has had his revenge , and the techno - utopians of the world have been vindicated .
But if you think that means the battle is over , do n't kid yourself .
Did Google Lie ?
If anything , the dreams of both have just begun to unfold .
Schmidt seems no longer content to defeat Microsoft , but to become it -- and more .
Moreover , he 's got the army of brilliant , amoral young foot soldiers to do the job .
Remember , for these young techno- utopians , technology trumps all , even privacy .
We saw a glimpse of that earlier this year when Facebook , that seemingly benign social network for young people , quietly implemented Beacon , which tracked users ' purchases and then notified their friends in hopes of influencing their future purchases .
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg professed surprise at the massive backlash against Beacon and shut it down -- but left the door opened for future surveillance programs .
But nowhere is the power to apply technology for its own sake more available than at Google .
And despite the company 's motto , and childlike logo and home page , this is the real driving force behind the company .
And the long - term goal of this applied technology ?
Google has already said it : to manage all of the world 's information .
Five years ago , this seemed harmless enough , even welcome .
The Web is a huge , messy place -- so what 's wrong with having some help navigating through it ?
But as Google has grown larger , and after it has taken over the big , general stuff ( the Web ) and begun focusing on the smaller , more specialized stuff ( libraries , personal records , search patterns ) that we begin to understand what " all " means ... and what Google is willing to do to get it .
For example , a couple weeks ago , in a barely noticed blog entry , reporter Clint Boulton of Computerworld recounted a conversation he'd had with a Google insider who admitted that whatever the company was saying publicly -- and to Congress -- about user privacy , it was indeed tracking not just user search trails , but also their identities -- so - called " Deep Packet Inspection . "
The entry drew few readers , and no comments , but it did attract attention from one source : A senior Google executive called the magazine to get it to back off the story .
Even if true , had Google lied to Congress about user privacy ?
Probably not -- at least not in the way that Google had carefully phrased its words .
Then there is Google 's odd acquiescence to the demands by authoritarian regimes around the world , especially China , to censor its search operations in those countries .
These actions , inexplicable at the time , only become clear when one assumes that Google 's real business now is not providing a service to its users , but in owning the world 's data .
And that brings us back to Chrome .
Why so low key an introduction ?
And why suddenly turn on a solid partnership with browser provider Mozilla ?
The answer , I think , has two parts .
Google : From Microsoft Killer to Big Brother ?
First , Google believes that Chrome could be its Microsoft killer .
Not only does it have the potential to beat MS Explorer but , fulfilling Ellison 's old dream , it could be a way to let users easily download applications from the Web -- and thus circumvent Microsoft 's lock on Office , even Windows , the very core of its business .
But a second reason is more sinister .
Only a few people have noticed that , until recently , in the Terms of Service for signing up for Chrome , Google demands " perpetual , irrevocable , world - wide , royalty free and non-exclusive " license to any materials users create with the browser .
( Google on Thursday announced that it was rescinding the clause . )
And that 's only part of the story :
An earlier reviewer of Chrome , Andrew Cheung of TGDaily , has noted that the browser almost seems to work " too well . "
For example , Cheung found that with a few keystrokes , Chrome will go into an online banking site and find account numbers , balances and transaction activity .
Cheung suggests that it is a security flaw in the product .
I 'm not so sure .
Microsoft only wanted all of our money .
Increasingly , it seems that Google wants all of our data .
In running away from the evil empire , have we now instead rushed into the arms of Big Brother ?
This is the opinion of the columnist and in no way reflects the opinion of ABC News .
Michael S. Malone is one of the nation 's best - known technology writers .
He has covered Silicon Valley and high - tech for more than 25 years , beginning with the San Jose Mercury News as the nation 's first daily high - tech reporter .
His articles and editorials have appeared in such publications as The Wall Street Journal , the Economist and Fortune , and for two years he was a columnist for The New York Times .
He was editor of Forbes ASAP , the world 's largest - circulation business - tech magazine , at the height of the dot - com boom .
Malone is the author or co-author of a dozen books , notably the best - selling " Virtual Corporation . "
Malone has also hosted three public television interview series , and most recently co-produced the celebrated PBS miniseries on social entrepreneurs , " The New Heroes . "
He has been the ABCNews.com " Silicon Insider " columnist since 2000 .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
10/09/2008
AFA : Golden Arches have bent our way
by Jeremy Hooper
When the American Family Association ended their anti-gay boycott against Ford , they claimed all sorts of wins .
Only problem ?
The motor company repeatedly denied that they 'd made any of the corporate changes that the AFA was touting .
Well fast forward to the McDonald 's boycott of 2008 .
Is history repeating itself , or this time , has an American company truly sold out gays at the hand of ( seemingly ineffective ) extremism ?
Well , we simply do n't know .
So until we learn more , we are posting the following AFA press release without any comment :
AFA ends boycott : McDonald 's agrees to changes
Dear Friend ,
Great news !
Because of AFA supporters like you , McDonald ’s has told AFA they will remain neutral in the culture war regarding homosexual marriage .
AFA is ending the boycott of McDonald’s .
As you know , AFA called for the boycott in May after McDonald ’s joined the National Gay and Lesbian Chamber of Commerce ( NGLCC ) .
McDonald ’s said McDonald ’s Vice President Richard Ellis has resigned his position on the board of NGLCC and that his seat on the board will not be replaced .
McDonald ’s also said that the company has no plans to renew their membership in NGLCC when it expires in December .
In an e-mail to McDonald ’s franchised owners the company said , “ It is our policy to not be involved in political and social issues .
McDonald ’s remains neutral on same sex marriage or any ‘ homosexual agenda ’ as defined by the American Family Association . ”
We appreciate the decision by McDonald ’s to no longer support political activity by homosexual activist organizations .
You might want to thank your local McDonald ’s manager .
AFA ends boycott : McDonald 's agrees to changes [ AFA ]
**UPDATES : Joe .
My .
God has obtained a reply from the National Gay and Lesbian Chamber of Commerce ( NGLCC ) , who knows nothing about these supposed developments .
Also , Queerty has some insight into Richard Ellis ' departure .
According to their sources , the exodus was purely for personal reasons .
** UPDATE , 10/10 : Statement by the NGLCC Regarding the AFA and McDonalds
" The National Gay & Lesbian Chamber of Commerce ( NGLCC ) exists to foster relationships between major corporations and businesses owned by LGBT people and to ensure a fair and equitable workplace for all Americans .
The NGLCC does not lobby on the issue of same - sex marriage .
The NGLCC ’s number one legislative priority is access to quality and affordable healthcare for our business owning members .
The mandate of the NGLCC is to foster strong businesses , and not to pursue individual political agendas .
In these trying economic times , now more than ever , the NGLCC is committed to ensuring our member businesses continue to be a strong and vibrant part of the small business engine that makes the U.S. economy run .
Like all our corporate relationships , McDonald ’s USA has been a good partner with the Chamber .
There has been no discussion between the NGLCC and McDonalds regarding continuing membership , nor has the NGLCC been notified of any move not to renew our work together .
The NGLCC will continue to align with corporate America in support of equal opportunity for all of America ’s workers and small businesses . "
Your thoughts
Please stay with this one ; I 'd like to know what McDonalds has to say about the NGLCC board resignation .
Posted by : marc | Oct 9 , 2008 2:20:05 PM
And to think , I have been going to McDonald 's every day to buy my cheap coffee before class .
Guess I have to go back to Starbucks again : -( - zak
Posted by : Zak | Oct 9 , 2008 2:20:47 PM
Please keep us posted on this -- if McDonald 's actually caved , they 've lost my burger business forever .
Posted by : K | Oct 9 , 2008 2:42:28 PM
K : They may have lost your business , but they 've gained mine back .
Posted by : J | Oct 9 , 2008 3:51:56 PM
There are some more details and McDonald 's response over at Queerty .
I spoke with the McD 's media office and the claim the AFA had nothing to do with anything .
Posted by : ColeWake | Oct 9 , 2008 4:04:58 PM
Is it just me , or does anyone else see the Karmic justice in the supposed " caving in " to the AFA 's demands , and the simultaneous TANKING of MCD Stock !
Over the past couple of days , MCD has dropped 11.5 points .
Maybe the bastards should have stood strong in the face of the radically tyrannical religulous right !
Posted by : Dick Mills | Oct 9 , 2008 9:36:21 PM
Jeremy , a " YesOnProp8 " ad just popped up on your website ! :( .
You might wanna check in with whatever Flash advertiser you 're using .
Posted by : Alex | Oct 10 , 2008 12:41:30 AM
Here is the official statement by the NGLCC .
http://www.nglcc.org/node/4168
Posted by : Daimeon | Oct 10 , 2008 10:43:25 AM
I checked out the link Daimeon .
So the AFA lied what a surprise .
Not !!!
Posted by : adam kautz | Oct 10 , 2008 5:13:57 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
If not all then most of the General Motor Co ’s luxury brand Cadillac ’s models would be powered by electric energy by 2030 , as said ...
UPDATE : The newly edited by NBC “ Bailout ” skit that ran on SNL is live online now .
On the past weekend ’s Saturday Night Live , a brutal but hilarious Democrat - bashing skit aired about the $ 700 billion federal bailout and the insanity of those subprime mortgages , and it featured lookalikes for George W. Bush , Nancy Pelosi , Barney Frank , hedge fund billionaire and big Democratic donor George Soros , and a parade of sob-story “ victims ” who turn out to be deadbeats , greedy house - flippers , and schemers .
( The unedited YouTube version was taken down by NBC lawyers . )
The sketch was embraced by Republicans for appearing to blame Democrats for the Wall Street meltdown .
At one point in the sketch , President Bush ( played by SNL regular Jason Sudeikis ) even said , “ Was n’t it my administration that warned about the problem six years ago and it was Democrats who refused to listen ? ” ( Immediately Barney Frank starts to complain … only to be hushed by Pelosi . )
The skit was very obvious payback for all the Sarah Palin bashing this season on SNL which was trying to portray equal opportunity satire .
NBC put the video online Sunday morning .
But then it disappeared off the network ’s SNL website soon after .
Needless to say , a lot of conspiracy theories were spun , real or imagined , especially by Republicans who wondered if the Democratic Congress , or perhaps Soros himself , were pulling NBC ’s puppet strings .
“ If you suspect a few high - placed phone calls to NBC led to the bailout skit slipping down the memory hole , you ’re not alone , ” wrote right - wing commentator Michelle Malkin .
But anyone who actually saw that video could see this might be a lawsuit waiting to happen .
Because SNL labeled Herb Sandler and his wife Marion , the real - life former owners of Oakland ’s Golden West Financial ( aka World Savings ) , as “ people who should be shot ” and accused them of predatory lending that brought down Wachovia Bank even though no charges have been filed .
NBC told me just now they never received any legal threat from the Sandlers .
[ Though the couple did give an angry interview to The Associated Press about the SNL sketch . ]
Instead , the network claimed : “ Upon review , we caught certain elements in the sketch that did n’t meet our standards .
We took it down and made some minor changes and it will be back online soon . ”
Specifically , NBC said it has edited out the chyron on - screen text , “ People who should be shot ” that appeared beneath the Sandler ’ lookalikes , as well as the “ allegations of corruption ” made against the couple .
NBC surely could have handled this better .
( Supposedly , NBC.com has been deleting questions about the skit from message boards . )
Because the network did n’t , today ’s action may or may not silence critics like conservative commentator Michelle Malkin who praised the skit as “ hilarious , dead - on , and surprisingly honest ” only to express outrage when it was taken down online :
“ Where did it go and why ?
I have a theory , ” she wrote .
“ One of the rapacious couples featured in the skit was Herbert and Marion Sandler ( portrayed by Darrell Hammond and Casey Wilson ) .
Unlike the other composite figures , the Sandlers are a real - life couple .
Also lampooned : Left - wing billionaire George Soros .
As Todd Thurman at Heritage notes , the Sandlers are left - wing moguls who built ‘ a mortgage company whose major product was subprime mortgages and they sold it to Wachovia for $ 24.2 billion in 2006 .
And what do the Sandlers do when they are not peddling subprime garbage ?
They are busy writing checks to leftist groups like the Center for American Progress , the American Civil Liberties Union , and Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ( ACORN ) .
Yes that ACORN . ’
The Sandlers are seething over the skit .
And George Soros must be livid as well .
Anyone else smell a legal threat behind the disappearance of the vid ? ”
Malkin went on , “ The Sandlers have started to invest their billions of dollars politically , in the manner of George Soros , sugar daddy of many far - left wing groups and an early and prominent supporter of Presidential candidate Barack Obama .
Soros has developed an empire of so - called 527 groups , putatively independent political activists groups that have influence within the Democratic Party .
These 527 groups include the Center for American Progress , MoveOn .
Org , Human Rights Watch , Media Matters and a slew of other like - minded groups …
Soros , Lewis , and the Sandlers form a core group of billionaire activists and Democrat partisans who have formed a group called The Democracy Alliance .
They realized that they could magnify their power by working in unison and tapping other wealthy donors to further their agenda …
“ The Democracy Alliance is a major avenue to help them achieve their goals .
The roster of its growing membership consists of a list of billionaires and mere multi-millionaires who collectively hope to give upwards of 500 million dollars each year to further promote a left - wing agenda .
A partial roster of the Democracy Alliance membership can be found here .
Half a billion dollars a year can purchase a great deal of influence .
The Sandlers certainly know quite a bit about leverage from their savings and loan days .
Among the beneficiaries of their largesse : Air America , ACORN ( a group that has very close and long lasting ties to Barack Obama and has a long history of engaging in voter fraud .
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington ( basically a private detective group focused on the private faults and foibles of Republicans ) , Media Matters , a media watchdog group that engages in harsh partisan attacks against media figures and articles it considers supportive of Republicans ) .
The list goes on and on .
They are not merely out to elect Democrats , but to also permanently realign U.S. politics and shift our society and culture in a far - left wing direction … ”
All I can say is : sometimes sketch comedy is just sketch comedy .
SAN DIEGO ( Reuters ) - U.S. producers of solar power will no longer need federal subsidies within eight years because by then solar power will cost less than electricity generated by conventional power plants , industry players said this week .
The U.S. government recently extended tax breaks for wind and solar producers for another eight years .
They are set to expire in 2016 .
Solar power , which contributes less than 1 percent of U.S. electricity generation , has been growing rapidly in the United States but remains reliant on state and federal subsidies to make it competitive versus power plants that run on coal or natural gas .
“ We designed the eight - year tax credit extension very purposely , ” said Rhone Resch , president of Solar Energy Industries Association .
“ We believe that at the end of that time , solar will have achieved grid parity , which means simply that we will be the lowest - cost source of retail electricity in almost all 50 states . ”
Julia Hamm , executive director of Solar Electric Power Association and chair of this week ’s Solar Power International conference in San Diego , agreed .
“ What I ’m hearing down on the showroom floor say is that their goal is for 2012 , and some by 2015 , ” said Hamm , referring to the 425 exhibitors at the San Diego Convention Center .
“ In the areas where utility retail prices are the highest , within five years you will see grid parity , ” said Ron Kenedi , vice president of Solar Energy Solutions Group for Sharp Corp , one of the largest makers of solar cells and rooftop panels .
Kenedi said regions that now have the lowest - cost power will be on par with solar within eight years because coal and natural gas prices will not come down in the face of increased demand in developing China and India , even if much of the globe goes into a major economic slump .
Matt Cheney , chief executive of MMA Renewable Ventures , a San Francisco - based unit of Municipal Mortgage & Equity LLC , said that point can be made simply by looking at the 163 percent rise in 2008 coal prices , spurred mainly be foreign demand for U.S. coal .
Coal , traditionally the cheapest form of power , now contributes about half of the electricity generation in the United States .
Many of the nearly 20,000 industry professionals at the San Diego conference say that a larger solar industry would lower the price of solar cells for utility - scale concentrator photovoltaic plants .
Santiago Seage , chief executive of Spain ’s solar unit of Abengoa , said U.S. generation prices will be higher than most in the solar industry forecast .
“ We are all overly optimistic and to tell you the truth , I could n’t care less because fossil fuels will increase carbon dioxide emissions which will finally have a price , even in the U.S.
That will mean that when you compare solar with fossil fuels , it will be competitive , ” he said .
“ But if you are talking the price per kilowatt , we will never see single - digits again , fossil fuels or in solar , ” Seage said .
The ailing Hubble Space Telescope could be snapping pictures of the heavens again as early as Saturday after engineers fixed one of the problems that has largely shut down the instrument for the last three weeks .
“ We spent the last week reviewing , ” said Art Whipple , manager of the Hubble Systems Management Office at the Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md .
“ Now we ’re ready to resume recovery . ”
Scientists took the first step Thursday , powering up an instrument that packages and delivers data from the telescope , orbiting 350 miles above Earth , to the ground .
Advertisement
Last week when they did that , two glitches occurred that caused NASA to suspend the recovery operation .
One was a software problem that led to an automatic shutdown .
The other was an electrical short in the power tray .
Goddard engineers have since reconfigured the software .
Advertisement
As for the short , they are hoping it was nothing more than a simple anomaly that occurred because that portion of the tray had sat unused for 18 years in space .
“ There does not appear to be any permanent damage ” to the instruments , Whipple said in a news briefing from NASA headquarters in Washington .
With the latest adjustments from the ground , the telescope ’s wide - field planetary camera should be sending data back to Earth as early as Saturday morning .
This is the second time in a month that problems developed in the data - formatting system .
Advertisement
Previously , the entire system went down .
Engineers were attempting to switch to the redundant Side B of the system when the two new anomalies occurred last week .
Whipple said Hubble scientists were optimistic that they now understand the latest anomalies .
On the other hand , “ having had this occur , we recognize it could occur again .
This is the first time this equipment has been turned on in 18 years . ”
All these problems cropped up just as NASA was preparing to launch a repair mission to the telescope .
Advertisement
That mission has now been delayed until at least February .
In five spacewalks , astronauts from the space shuttle Atlantis were scheduled to install an instrument to measure ultraviolet light , as well as a new wide - field camera , and repair failed electronics on the Advanced Camera for Surveys .
A new set of gyroscopes to keep the telescope properly positioned in space were also to be installed .
NASA Administrator Michael Griffin has said repeatedly that this will be the final repair mission for Hubble , which has already outlived its expected useful life .
It had been scheduled for termination , but the outcry from Congress and the public , which have been awed again and again by its spectacular pictures , caused NASA to reverse course and approve one more repair .
Advertisement
Pointing out the age of the instruments , however , Whipple said the chip in the main onboard flight computer is an Intel 486 , now long out of date in even the simplest home computers .
If all the repairs succeed , Hubble could gain six more years of life .
--
john.johnson@latimes.com
No one will be more relieved than John McCain if a major crisis erupts on Thursday to overshadow the debate between the vice - presidential candidates , Sarah Palin and Joe Biden .
Alaska 's one - term governor is hugely popular with voters , but she is also a liability for the Republican ticket , as her painful - to - watch interview last week with Katie Couric of CBS News showed .
Her woeful inexperience and the yawning gaps in her knowledge of basic issues reminded voters of McCain 's advanced age at 72 , and sparked questions about what sort of president she would make .
Her performance prompted one right - wing commentator , Kathleen Parker of the ' National Review ' , to call on her to quit .
" Only Palin can save McCain , her party , and the country she loves , " she wrote .
" She can bow out for personal reasons , perhaps because she wants to spend more time with her newborn . "
That explains why the McCain campaign did not want his running - mate anywhere near Friday 's presidential clash in Oxford , Mississippi .
Instead , Palin watched it on TV in Philadelphia , while Senator Biden gave countless interviews in the media " spin room " outside the Obama - McCain debate .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
However , the CBS interview was buried under a torrent of news about the Wall Street bailout plan .
In fact , running - mate debates rarely matter : in 1988 the Democratic candidate , Lloyd Bentsen , smacked down Dan Quayle , telling him , " You 're no Jack Kennedy " , after the Republican tried to don the mantle of the assassinated President .
But the evening was declared a success for Quayle , and the Republicans won the election .
Woody Allen 's remark – " Eighty per cent of success is just showing up " – may be enough for Palin .
Indeed , Biden must be careful to avoid humiliating her too badly , for fear of being called a sexist bully .
To have your say on this or any other issue visit www.independent.co.uk/IoSblogs
As this recession accelerates , will your career accelerate with it ?
Or fall behind ?
It is one thing to recognize that your career has hit a brick wall .
There are solutions for this .
The appropriate strategy is different when your career hits a detour because of the recession .
One of the reasons why the general public does not perceive what would previously have been regarded as recessionary economic conditions is that the employment rate has stayed high .
One of the reasons for this is that the United States has moved from a manufacturing economy , in terms of its total labor force , to a service - based economy .
This does not mean that America produces fewer goods than it did two decades ago .
What has changed is that the labor force has been cut by 50 % in the manufacturing sector .
American workers in manufacturing are far more efficient today than they were two decades ago .
But to have survived , they had to make adjustments to a high - tech world .
Unemployment generally does not hit white married men .
Whenever we read about rising unemployment , we should bear in mind that people who read economic newsletters are probably not going to lose their jobs .
They may get their careers sidetracked for a time .
They may find that their employer can no longer keep up with wage rates in the industry .
But , generally speaking , white , middle - class , married males do not lose their jobs in a recession .
A few employees do find that they are unprepared for the new conditions .
This is especially true for men who are over age 50 .
These men have been the sacrificial lambs of outsourcing , computerization , and the flattening out of business hierarchies .
The specialized information that they used to provide to their employers can be delivered by software .
Their market niches have been eroded by competitive factors that only began to appear 20 years ago .
Because readers of newsletters and Websites like this one do not feel the pain of recession early in the process , they may not perceive that the terms of trade between employers and employees have shifted .
Things seem to be bumping along fairly well , despite the fact that the stock market is down , real estate prices are falling , and there seems to be no engine of recovery on the horizon .
Because their jobs appear to be safe , they assume that their careers are equally safe .
This is a mistake .
I distinguish between a person ’s job and his career .
Sometimes they are the same .
Four decades ago , they were almost always the same .
But these days , because of outsourcing , international competition in business , and technological competition from computers , an individual finds that he does not lose his job , but his career has hit a dead end .
Anything like automatic promotion is a thing of the past .
This is even true in Japan , where promotion by time served was almost automatic .
International competition has made this practice a thing of the past .
So , a person who thinks that he has a career path in front of him is living in the past .
Today , a career path is hacked out of the wilderness by the equivalent of a machete .
If you do not have a machete , and if you are not skilled in its use , your career may be more in the past than it is in the future .
Young men who are entering the work force today , or who have been in it for less than a decade , already are aware of this phenomenon .
They get bounced around from job to job in these years .
It is difficult to find any job with something resembling a tenure track today .
Tenure - track jobs that once were synonymous with careers are becoming exceedingly scarce except in high - technology fields such as engineering .
Even here , someone who does not keep up with the industry is going to find that his career hits a brick wall within five years .
There is no coasting possible except in government employment .
This is why an individual has to develop a personal training program in which he systematically keeps up with developments in his own niche , but also keeps up with general trends .
He needs to know what is happening in general categories because these can affect the survival of his particular niche .
It does no good to be a master of a niche when the general market is moving away from a particular service that is represented by the niche .
A person had better be flexible if he wants to escape the possibility that his niche will be outsourced or replaced by technology .
Let me give you an example .
Consider a physician .
The generalist who deals with people on a daily basis is probably not going to change his career .
He may have to change his expectations regarding income , because government entry into the field of health care has distorted prices and has added costs .
So have legal expenses .
But , on the whole , the generalist is not going to see his career change by much .
But specialists in niche fields are facing tremendous competition from sources that did not exist 20 years ago .
Surgical procedures in India , Southeast Asia , and South America sell for half the price or a third of the price that they cost in the United States .
At the same time , international plane fares have fallen dramatically over the last 10 years .
Even with increases because of rising fuel costs , the cost of international travel is much less than it was 10 years ago .
This means that Americans can shop for non-emergency procedures .
They can get competent medical care , sometimes delivered by physicians who are fluent in English , for a fraction of the cost of the same medical procedure in the United States .
A physician who does not recognize that he must now sell his services to patients who have economic options will find that his career does not advance .
A career means advancement .
It means that you are paying attention to business .
You are committing time and money to staying ahead in your field .
This is your calling : the most important thing you can do in which you would be the most difficult to replace .
WHAT I LEARNED FROM LARRY ALTSCHULER
Probably the best example I had as a young man was a friend of mine in high school , Larry Altschuler .
He was the only friend I knew who worked in his father ’s business .
His father was in the restaurant business — a very tough business .
It is easy entry and high attrition for business owners .
He had his own small restaurant by age 19 , as I recall .
I do n’t think he went to college .
I left town at age 17 and only rarely returned .
Fifteen years later , he had a nice restaurant in Manhattan Beach , California : “ The Bay Nineties . ”
( The region is called the South Bay . )
On a return visit in 1973 , I took my wife to eat there .
It no longer exists .
I have not seen him in 35 years , so I ’m guessing about his business strategy .
He probably made his profit in liquor sales .
So , his strategy was to get lots of people into the restaurant and sell them drinks while they were waiting for a table .
He needed more patrons than dinner tables .
He had this amazing , unheard - of approach to get a long line : low dinner prices and high quality .
You even got a choice of side dinner entries — a mini-meal .
I ordered spaghetti .
( Note : I remember this from 35 years ago . )
Spaghetti is cheap , but it has high perceived value for spaghetti lovers .
It was good spaghetti sauce , which is the key to spaghetti .
Here was the capper .
When your meal was over , your waiter brought out a large serving tray filled with uncooked food : salmon , filet mignon , and lots of other expensive stuff .
You could buy your next meal for $ 1 .
You made your selection , and he brought it back in a “ doggy bag . ”
Do you think Larry had repeat business ?
Do you think he sold a lot of booze ?
He was the first businessman I ever knew among my peers .
I did not appreciate just how skilled he was , and how innovative in a generally non-innovative field , until I was in my thirties — about the time I started my own newsletter business .
His father ran a restaurant .
Larry knew in high school that he would be going into this field .
He was an active participant in the Junior Achievement program .
He invited me to join .
I was not interested in business at the time , so I never did .
He was the only person I knew who did join .
He was the only person I knew who owned his own business at age 19 .
He told me that every morning he got up at 3 a.m. and drove into Los Angeles to the Farmer ’s Market .
There , he would buy produce .
His father had taken him when he was still in high school to learn how to do this .
I did not know that when we were in high school together .
The idea of getting up that early to drive into Los Angeles to examine heads of lettuce was not the sort of thing that anybody else I knew was doing .
He was doing it , but he never told me .
This is the kind of dedication that it takes to run a successful business .
He learned early .
Nobody I knew in high school would have had any incentive to do this , or any idea that this is what he would do after graduation .
He did not drive into Los Angeles every morning to save money .
The time costs were too high .
He did it to get the best produce for his customers .
He told me that by getting there early , he got the best goods .
Those who arrived later got leftovers .
He understood quality .
Even when most customers do n’t appreciate high quality , a few will .
Even if they do n’t , the business owner develops a mindset : deliver a high - quality product to your customers .
The key to success in most businesses is repeat business .
The key to repeat business is high quality .
Anyone can cut prices .
It is not easy to raise quality and still keep prices low enough to stay in business .
Repeat customers in the non-fast food restaurant business return because of high quality .
Anyone who goes to college who has the attitude that he had in running his business will be highly successful as a student .
This kind of dedication is extremely rare .
But when your money is on the line , and you ’re in a business in which there is open entry and stiff competition , you have to pay attention to details in order to prosper .
He was willing to do this .
It was not until I hit retirement age that I began getting up at 4 a.m. to begin running my new Web business .
I find that this is what it takes to run a successful Website .
I do my writing early in the morning , and then I run my question - and - answer forums later in the day .
Going online at 4 a.m. and reviewing what I had written the day before , and then writing material for the next day , is my equivalent of going into the Farmer ’s Market .
There is early morning work that must be done in order to operate a functioning business through the day .
What my friend Larry knew it age 15 , I finally adopted at age 65 .
It was not clear to customers how much work it took him to deliver meals during rush hour .
This is as it should be .
The easier you make your work look , the better your impression .
If you give the impression that you are just barely surviving , just barely staying ahead of the day ’s disasters , your work ethic will be respected , but your boss may hesitate to promote you .
If you ’re just barely hanging on today , how well will you do in a new slot , with greater responsibilities and new areas to master ?
In contrast is the person who seems to be able to achieve his daily tasks almost effortlessly .
He may be like a duck on a pond : sliding silently across the surface , but paddling like mad beneath the surface .
If you can give the impression of being on top of things without also giving the impression of being just barely on top of things , you will be perceived as a low - risk candidate for advancement .
GOING ON THE OFFENSIVE
If a company wishes to expand its market share , it should do this in times of economic crunch for the industry .
While other firms are cutting back , playing the turtle , an aggressive company can gain market share by investing in advertising and marketing .
The same is true in your career .
If you can gain a reputation for being a go - getter and aggressive in a time when most of your competitors are pulling back , hoping not to overrun their budgets , hoping not to make a major mistake , you can call attention to yourself and your value to the company .
The risk goes up , but the reward also goes up .
I am strongly of the opinion that in your career , the best defense is a strong offense .
I do n’t think it is a good idea to be perceived as being in defense mode in a time of cutbacks .
It is much better to gain a reputation of being aggressive , competent , and willing to branch into new areas when times are bad .
An employer looks for this kind of person in good times , and he hesitates to fire someone like this when times get tougher .
The person who hunkers down , plays the turtle , and tries to hide is the kind of person who is perceived as expendable in any organization .
He may stay off the short list of people to be fired , but once he is on that list , the likelihood that he will be fired increases sharply .
People play the odds by trying to remain invisible , but invisible people can be sacrificed without a lot of pain for the employer .
This is why I think playing defense is a high - risk strategy when it comes to your career .
The best time to move up is during a crisis .
This is well - known in military circles .
People get killed during wartime .
This opens up positions .
Back in 1838 , Alexis de Tocqueville commented on the fact that democratic armies generally favor war .
War lets noncommissioned officers rise into the ranks of commissioned officers , because of the openings that take place on the battlefield .
They could never have risen in the ranks from noncommissioned officers to commissioned officer in times of peace .
De Tocqueville concluded if a nation wants to avoid wars , it is best to have an army of professionals , where advancement is not possible for people who do not enjoy upper - class status .
Of course , he understood that in a democracy , this kind of army was disappearing .
A crisis is ready - made for aggressive people .
This is why I see the present recession as an advantage .
In times like this , people who are really competent can make major gains on their competitors .
This is much more difficult in boom times , because everybody seems to be prospering .
Everybody seems to be successful .
Warren Buffett is correct : nobody knows who is swimming naked until the tide goes out .
As the recession intensifies , you must pay much greater attention to details .
You must be alert to opportunities .
You probably should increase your commitment in terms of hours .
Yet I have said in the past that it is unwise to work for more than 40 hours a week for salary .
So , I am really recommending that you combine your job with after hours efforts to increase your knowledge of your niche , and to increase other people ’s awareness of your presence in this niche , in such a way that this appears to benefit your company .
It does benefit your company , but also benefits you .
It enables you to establish your reputation apart from your company .
Presence on the Web is basic to this strategy .
You want to be able to establish new beachheads in your career .
Do n’t devote time beyond 40 hours a week to your company unless this time simultaneously opens up opportunities for your career outside your company .
You become more valuable to your employer , but you also become more mobile .
Mobility is basic to career success in today ’s marketplace .
CONCLUSION
As the economy slows , people will begin to come to grips with the new realities of the employment scene .
I do n’t think this scene will ever be the same for Americans .
The terms of trade are turning against us because of past fiscal policy , monetary policy , and a change from future - orientation to present - orientation .
Competition has been increasing .
When the dollar falls , Americans ’ lifestyles will have to be cut back .
This is always painful .
The day of small trucks with high profits is over .
Gasoline prices are too high .
These trucks are used to haul urban egos , not cargo .
Ford and GM bet the farm on these non-farming trucks , and now they must readjust .
They have little room or capital to readjust .
They waited to long .
The Japanese from 1970 became quality minded .
They stuck to their knitting .
They had to claw away market share from Detroit .
They were lean and mean .
Detroit is finished , in every sense .
They sat on their laurels .
They thought it would be fat city forever .
It is more likely to be bankruptcy .
The American industry will not recover .
You must adjust whenever you can .
This is the lesson of the Big 3 .
They did not adjust .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2008 LewRockwell.com
ANNANDALE , Va. ( MarketWatch ) --
Earlier this week , in reporting that contrarians did not believe the market had bottomed , I suggested that " When genuine capitulation finally takes place , few will recognize it as such at the time . "
I also wrote that " an eagerness to declare that capitulation has occurred probably means that it has n't . "
Read my Oct. 7 column .
In today 's column , I want to focus on a related way of assessing whether a major bear market is nearing its final low : A gauge I first introduced more than 15 years ago that I call the " Market Timing Popularity Indicator . "
This indicator measures where the average adviser lies between the extremes of buy - and - hold and market timing .
Historically , buy - and - hold tends to reach its peak of popularity at market tops , just as market timing becomes most out of favor .
The inverse tends to be the case at market bottoms .
For example , that means that , as a bear market approaches its final low , at least a few die - hard believers in long - term buy - and - hold throw in the towel and become latter - day converts to market timing .
That has yet to happen , however , at least as judged by my reading of the 200 newsletters monitored by the Hulbert Financial Digest .
Consider some of the comments made over the last couple of days by the buy - and - hold oriented newsletters on the HFD 's monitored list :
" At the risk of sounding like a broken record , I urge you to stick with my earlier advice , and stick with your long - term investment plan .
Running to cash may sound like a good idea on days like today , but you 'll almost certainly miss out on the gains when the market starts behaving more rationally . "
" It 's important to know that markets have lost this much before and that things will get better .
It 's just a matter of time ...
We know that it is critically important to be invested when the market turns around ...
It 's important to remember that the U.S. economy remains the biggest , most resilient and adaptable in the world .
Better days and better markets lie ahead . "
" It is not easy to keep our eyes on the three - to - five year time horizon , but history has shown that these are the times when those with iron stomachs have been greatly rewarded ...
My overall faith in the long - term prospects for equities and the long - term health of the U.S. economy remains strong . "
" You need to have a plan [ and you ] also have to be realistic about your goals .
On days like we 've seen recently , with the market declining 700 points at a time , you have to know that there will be setbacks , but that you 're working towards the pot of gold that will be there once the storm clouds clear . "
I could go on and on , but you get the idea .
Let me stress that I do n't necessarily disagree with the arguments these newsletters are making .
I also want to emphasize that many of them have stellar long - term records .
Regardless of whether you or I agree with these buy - and - holders ' arguments , however , is irrelevant .
My point is instead that , at least historically , some die - hard adherents to buy - and - hold eventually give up the faith -- when things get bad enough .
And when this conversion does take place , a bottom is probably not that far away .
Take the end of the last bear market , some five years ago .
Just a few days prior to the ensuing bull market taking off , one of the newsletter arena 's staunchest supporters of buying and holding declared that he had changed his mind and that he now believed it was essential to be a market timer .
My column reporting this change of heart appeared on March 11 , 2003 , the exact day of the successful retest of the market 's bear market low .
Read March 11 , 2003 , column .
To be clear , the timing of that column five years ago was lucky ; I would never claim pinpoint accuracy for this market timing model -- or any other , for that matter .
Still , it is worrisome that , unlike what has happened at bear market bottoms in the past , we have yet to see adherents of buying and holding becoming converts to market timing .
Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin has began a diplomatic marathon in New York in an effort to bolster her foreign policy credentials ahead of the November 4 presidential election .
Palin -- who did not get her first passport until 2007 and had never met a foreign head of state -- held brief separate meetings with Afghan President Hamid Karzai and Colombian President Alvaro Uribe .
Ever since Republican presidential candidate John McCain chose Palin , 44 , as his running mate , the Alaska governor has been criticized for having virtually no foreign policy experience .
At first the McCain campaign said it would only allow photographers and a TV crew into the meetings , but relented and let in a pool reporter from CNN into the Karzai event after some television networks threatened to not cover Palin 's first steps on the world stage .
Palin spokeswoman Tracey Schmitt later attributed the ban on print reporters at the Karzai meeting as a staff " mix - up . "
Palin , McCain contradict each other on spending
Republican vice presidential nominee Alaska Governor Sarah Palin ( L ) talks to Charles Gibson while walking alongside the Trans - Alaska Pipeline during an interview in Fairbanks , Alaska September 11 , 2008 .
As governor of Alaska , she raised taxes on oil companies and clashed with them over a planned pipeline through her state .
less Republican vice presidential nominee Alaska Governor Sarah Palin ( L ) talks to Charles Gibson while walking alongside the Trans - Alaska Pipeline during an interview in Fairbanks , Alaska September 11 , 2008 .
As ... more Photo : ABC , Donna Svennevik Photo : ABC , Donna Svennevik Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Palin , McCain contradict each other on spending 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
In a televised interview Friday , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin defended her request for an estimated $ 200 million in federal projects from Congress - even as earlier in the day her GOP running mate John McCain insisted Palin had never sought money from Congress .
In a second ABC interview with Charlie Gibson , the GOP vice presidential candidate acknowledged that she has supported millions of dollars in congressional money - including the famed " Bridge to Nowhere " - to allow Alaska " to plug into ... along with every other state , a share of the federal budget in infrastructure . "
But she said she and McCain would seek to reform that system .
She also told Gibson that Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama probably regrets not naming Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton to be his running mate - and dismissed as an " old wives ' tale " reports that she had tried to ban books in public libraries .
McCain , for his part , faced an even tougher grilling on the usually friendly daytime show " The View , " where hosts including Barbara Walters , Joy Behar and Whoopi Goldberg jabbed him on issues like abortion , his " maverick " record , separation of church and state , and his campaign attack ads .
Asked by Walters about Palin 's statements that she would reform Washington , McCain insisted that she would " reform all of Washington , just like she did ... in Alaska .
Earmark spending , which she vetoed half a billion dollars worth , " said McCain .
When reminded by Walters that Palin took earmarks in Alaska , McCain said , " Not as governor she did n't . "
" She took government out of the hands of the special interests , " he said .
Independent analysts and the Web site of Sen .
Ted Stevens , R - Alaska , have both noted that under Palin 's leadership as governor , Alaska has requested 31 earmarks worth nearly $ 200 million - an amount that taxpayer groups say places Alaska as the per capita leader on such fundraising .
McCain appeared a little riled when Behar aggressively challenged him on his latest campaign ads - one accusing Obama of supporting sex education for kindergartners and another suggesting sexism in the use of the phrase " putting lipstick on a pig . "
" Those ads are n't true .
They 're lies , " said Behar , as Walters noted that McCain himself used the lipstick phrase to describe Clinton 's health care proposal .
" They 're not lies , " McCain said , adding that Obama " chooses his words very carefully ... this is a tough campaign .
And he should n't have said it . "
The focus on the interviews by the two members of the Republican ticket comes as Obama and his campaign said it is turning a new page - and taking a tougher new tone - in confronting what it says have been lies and misrepresentations from the GOP candidates .
Obama 's campaign said the GOP team 's recent appearances show that the Arizona senator " would rather lose his integrity than lose a campaign . "
And it released two aggressive new ads - one based on a McCain interview in The Chronicle - in which it suggested that McCain is out of touch on issues like technology , and that his campaign is populated by Washington lobbyists .
But Democrats have been increasingly nervous since Palin fired up grassroots Republicans and shot energy into McCain 's campaign when she was named his vice presidential choice .
New national polls show that McCain and Palin have erased leads by Obama and his running mate , Delaware Sen .
Joe Biden , especially among white voters .
That prompted Obama to reassure Democrats on Friday that he would ramp up aggressive efforts to challenge the Republicans .
" You know , I 'm not going to be making up lies about John McCain , " Obama told voters in Dover , N.H. , but reprising an old saw , said that , " If you do n't stop lying about me , I 'm going to have to start telling the truth about you . "
Meanwhile , Behar appeared to get under the GOP candidate 's skin when she suggested that McCain - who has shifted his positions on offshore oil drilling , making President Bush 's tax cuts permanent and caps on greenhouse gas emissions - has lost his maverick status and is now in lockstep with Bush 's policies .
" What specific area have I , quote , ' changed ? ' " he said .
" Nobody can name it . "
Palin , meanwhile , faced off with Gibson , who noted that the millions of dollars in Alaska earmark requests constitute 22 times the per capita amount of federal earmark dollars for Obama 's home state of Illinois - and included costly projects such as studies on the mating habits of crabs and harbor seals .
" We have dramatically , drastically reduced our earmark requests since I came into office , " said Palin .
She said those requests came through " our research divisions " and universities , but they should be made " in the light of day , not behind closed doors , " she said .
A very rich , very impatient retired surgeon wants the pet overpopulation solved .
So Gary Michelson has put a hard - to - ignore enticement on the table : $ 75 million .
The person or group that comes up first with a safe , one - time non-surgical means to sterilize male and female cats and dogs gets $ 25 million , Michelson 's non-profit Found Animals Foundation will announce today at the National Spay / Neuter Conference in Chicago .
And up to $ 50 million more will be available to support the research of one or several individuals who come forward with plausible approaches .
" No one will stop what they 're doing and turn their attention to this problem for $ 10 million .
That 's not enough , " says Michelson , 59 , a retired Los Angeles orthopedic surgeon who invented and patented hundreds of surgical instruments , won an infringement case in 2005 and landed at No. 317 on Forbes ' 400 Richest Americans list last month .
Animal lover Michelson is convinced , like most animal - welfare experts , that if unwanted litters never materialized , U.S. shelters would n't be euthanizing 4 million to 6 million animals a year .
He " absolutely " believes that the $ 25 million carrot , coupled with the cash grants to spur research , will prompt sufficient activity that an affordable non-surgical sterilant will be on the market within 10 years .
The solution may originate from any of several arenas — from human or animal researchers who are endocrinologists , neuroscientists , reproductive biologists , molecular technology experts , or even pharmacology specialists .
" We 're completely agnostic regarding the approach , " says foundation executive director Aimee Gilbreath .
" We 'll consider anything .
We really believe if cutting - edge technologies are applied we can solve this . "
The foundation is partnering with the Alliance for Contraception in Cats and Dogs , a non-profit that for eight years has pressed for non-surgical approaches to pet sterilization , believing that millions more pets would be sterilized if there were a non-surgical alternative .
" This is huge for our cause , " says alliance president Joyce Briggs .
Removing barriers to sterilization
It is estimated that nearly 73 % of dog owners and 86 % of cat owners now spay or neuter their pets .
But the rest mostly seem inclined to keep things as they are .
The very notion of surgery is off - putting or scary to some of them , many of whom worry about anesthesia , experts say .
Sterilization can cost $ 150 or more per animal and requires a substantial time commitment as the owner must transport the animal to a vet and return hours later , a journey of many miles in rural areas .
Also , surgery is cumbersome " in the field , " where groups attempt to conduct on - site mobile sterilizations in neighborhoods or communities where a high percentage of pets are known to be producing litters year after year .
A quick , reliable , life - of - the - pet sterilant " would completely change " the way sterilization - focused non-profit groups spend their time and resources , says Tonja Robertson , founder of Spay / Neuter Indiana Pets .
She and three other volunteers devoted nearly 600 hours from April 1 to Sept. 30 .
They spread the spay / neuter word in grocery - store parking lots in rural , low - income southern Indiana .
They distributed discount sterilization vouchers and , three times a month , transported a dozen or more pets to a veterinarian , then picked them up after the surgery ( 200 miles in all ) .
That resulted in 205 cats and 38 dogs being fixed .
" If we could have a quick , non-surgical method , " Robertson says , " we 'd set up once a week in areas of need , get the job done , and we could redirect our efforts to adoption or cruelty . "
Dependent on humans ' for a good life '
Michelson 's foundation has put together a review board of experts from several disciplines and will add more if proposals from unexpected arenas arrive .
The board will meet in January to consider which proposals will receive a first - stage grant .
To those who object to his channeling so much money to help animals when there are so many human problems to be solved , Michelson has a simple answer : his medical research foundation , which has funded more than $ 110 million in research and discovery , most of it related to hereditary diseases .
He offers no apologies for his pet program .
Animals are " helpless .
They depend on humans for a good life , " says Michelson , who shares his home with two rescued pit bulls and a runt - of - the - litter whippet .
It 's unclear how veterinarians will react to whatever alternative sterilization method might emerge from the contest as they will want to assess its safety and effectiveness , says Gail Golab of the American Veterinary Medical Association .
But , she says , her group is on record as supporting efforts to non-surgically sterilize dogs and cats .
BEIJING , Sept 25 ( Reuters ) - Chinese regulators have told domestic banks to stop interbank lending to U.S. financial institutions to prevent possible losses during the financial crisis , the South China Morning Post reported on Thursday .
The Hong Kong newspaper cited unidentified industry sources as saying the instruction from the China Banking Regulatory Commission ( CBRC ) applied to interbank lending of all currencies to U.S. banks but not to banks from other countries .
“ The decree appears to be Beijing ’s first attempt to erect defences against the deepening U.S. financial meltdown after the mainland ’s major lenders reported billions of U.S. dollars in exposure to the credit crisis , ” the SCMP said .
A spokesman for the CBRC had no immediate comment .
( Reporting by Alan Wheatley and Langi Chiang ; editing by Ken Wills )
The Large Hadron Collider is not just an extraordinary science experiment , it is also a remarkable engineering undertaking .
As BBC science reporter James Morgan relates , just getting it built is an astonishing story in itself .
THE CHALLENGE
The LHC took 10,000 scientists a total of 14 years to assemble How do you build a " Big Bang Machine " ?
That was the challenge which scientists at Cern began to ponder in the early 1980s , when the idea for the Large Hadron Collider was born .
Cern 's governing council wanted to build a kind of time machine that could open a window to how the Universe appeared in the first microseconds of its existence .
If it could recreate the fleeting moments 13.73 billion years ago , when the fundamental building blocks of the cosmos took shape , then the world we live in today would be brought into much sharper focus .
It could discover how matter prevailed over antimatter , learn how dark matter was formed , and catch our first glimpse of the elusive Higgs boson - a " missing jigsaw piece " in our model of the Universe .
We might even find evidence of the existence of other dimensions .
But to conjure up these conditions , the Cern council knew it needed to perform an engineering miracle .
The 12 - storey ATLAS detector weighs in at 7,000 tonnes
To generate the necessary high energies , the designers required a particle accelerator more magnificently complex than any machine ever built .
Beams of protons would be hurled together at 99.9999999 % of the speed of light , in conditions colder than the space between the stars and each travelling with as much energy as a car at the speed of 1,600 km / h .
And yet the fruits of these explosions - high - energy particles - would decay and disappear from view in less than a trillionth of a second .
To " photograph " these valuable prizes would require a detector as large as a five storey building , yet so precise , it could pinpoint a particle with an accuracy of 15 microns - 20 times thinner than a human hair .
How on earth do you build a machine like that ?
The journey has taken 15 years , more than 10,000 scientists , from 40 countries , and a financial injection anticipated at up to 6.2bn euros - four times the original budget .
But it was achieved , on time .
Well , almost .
THE LARGE HADRON COLLIDER
The last of the LHC 's 1,700 dipole magnets is lowered into place
The plans for the Large Hadron Collider began to gather momentum in the early 1980s , inspired by the success of its predecessor at Cern , a collider known as the Large Electron Positron ( LEP ) .
But it was not until 1994 that the formal proposal for the LHC was ratified by Cern 's member states , and the engineering work began .
The accelerator would be housed in a near - circular 27 km - long tunnel , buried 50 m - 175 m underneath the Jura mountains , criss - crossing the Swiss - French border .
The tunnel was already in place - having been occupied by LEP , which was eventually disassembled in 2000 .
Inside the LHC vacuum pipe , two parallel beams of sub-atomic particles ( protons ) or lead ions would hurtle in opposite directions at record energies .
Crashing together at specially designated junctions , they would release unstable , high - energy particles - including , perhaps , the elusive Higgs Boson .
To generate a magnetic field powerful enough to steer the high - energy particles around the pipe requires 1,740 superconducting magnets , which together required some 40,000 leak - tight welds and 65,000 " splices " of superconducting cables .
If you added all the filaments of these strands together , they would stretch to the Sun and back five times , with enough left over for a few trips to the Moon .
In order to conduct , the magnets must be cooled to within a couple of degrees of " absolute zero " , the theoretical limit for how cold anything can get .
This requires a constant supply of liquid helium pumped down from eight over - ground refrigeration plants - about 400,000 litres per year in total .
THE DETECTORS
Engineers excavating the cavern for CMS encountered serious difficulty
At the junctions where particles collide , four enormous detectors have been designed to observe the microscopic wreckage .
Between 1996 and 1998 , approval was granted for four giant " experiments " - Alice , Atlas , CMS and LHCb - to be housed in four enormous underground caverns , dug strategically around the collider loop .
Excavating these caverns out of sand , gravel and rock was a considerable feat .
In the case of the 7,000 tonne Atlas detector , it took two years to burrow a cavern large enough to hold a 12 - storey building .
But while Atlas may be the largest cavern , it was CMS - 10 km up the ring below the village of Cessy - which proved the most problematic at the excavation stage .
The cavern shaft had to be bored through a 50 m layer of glacial deposits , including fast flowing water , which threatened to flood the shaft .
Engineers repelled these underground rivers by piping super - chilled brine down the shaft , allowing a wall of ice 3 m thick to form around the circumference .
It took six months to freeze the walls of the two CMS shafts .
But while the barrier worked initially , the water eventually broke through , forcing engineers to first pump down liquid nitrogen to turn the area into " Siberian permafrost " , in the words of Austin Ball , CMS technical coordinator .
MANUFACTURING PARTS LHC components were transported to Cern from all over the world Building the components of both the accelerator and the detectors was a truly international effort .
In the case of the 12,500 - tonne CMS detector , the coiled strands of its central solenoid magnet - all 50 km of them - began their life in Finland , before travelling to factories in Grenoble , Neuchatel and Genoa , to be braided , coated , and welded .
After being shipped to Marseille , they went up the river to Macon , where they were unpacked and driven by lorry under the mountains to Cern .
In fact , the diameter of the magnet was restricted to ensure it was just narrow enough that components could squeeze through the tunnels .
The clearance was a matter of centimetres .
The CMS magnet is the most powerful solenoid ever built - conducting a current of 12,000 amperes - to create a magnetic field 100,000 times stronger than the Earth's .
ASSEMBLING THE DETECTORS
The detector units of CMS were squeezed in with centimetres to spare
The next problem , of course , was how to get a 45 m - long , 25 m - high , 7,000 - tonne detector , through a shaft hole 20 m wide .
The answer of course is to do it in bits .
Atlas was lowered piece - by - piece over several years , and assembled almost entirely in the subterranean cavern .
The largest piece - the barrel toroid magnet - fitted down the cavern shaft with only 10 cm of clearance on either side .
But the building of the detectors is not all heavy engineering .
Layer upon layer of electronic sensors had to be wired and connected by hand , which meant up to 300 people a day working in the cavern cramped against each other .
Squeezing each piece into place was " like solving a wooden puzzle " - there is only one possible way of doing it , according to Professor Andy Parker of Cambridge University , one of the founders of Atlas .
" Everything fits together like Russian dolls .
I saw one design for Atlas which fitted together , but you could n't assemble it , because there was no room to move the pieces past each other .
Every single millimetre of space was fought over , " he said .
The CMS detector , on the other hand , was largely assembled above ground , in several enormous units .
The largest , at 2,000 tonnes ( the weight of five jumbo jets , or one - third of the weight of the Eiffel tower ) took 10 hours to lower down a 100 m shaft , with a clearance of 20 cm either side .
The world 's largest electromagnet had to be handled with extreme care .
Its cylindrically arranged silicon wafer detectors contain a vast network of micro-circuitry - including 73,000 radiation - hard , low - noise microelectronic chips , almost 40,000 analogue optical links and 1,000 power supply units .
To manufacture these required an entirely new method of auto - assembly .
PROBLEMS DURING TESTING
Failure of a magnet in testing delayed the LHC start - up by almost a year Though the LHC was originally slated to begin operations in late 2007 , the entire project was set back after a failure in one of the quadrupole magnets used to focus the beam , which buckled during testing .
This meant all similar magnets would have to be redesigned and replaced .
Other , less serious problems arose due to leaky plumbing of liquid helium , and also when some copper " fingers " used to ensure electrical continuity between magnets buckled when the magnets were warmed up .
GOING OVERBUDGET
The final tab for the LHC is expected to come in at a colossal 6.4bn euros .
But that sum still represents good value for money , according to Dr Chris Parkes , of Glasgow University , UK , who works on the LHCb detector .
He said : " Tom Hanks is to appear in the movie of Dan Brown 's Angels and Demons , which involves scientists at Cern making anti-matter .
But the new experiment at the LHC to understand anti-matter cost less than Tom Hanks will earn from the movie . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Scott Horton comments on the new US military actions inside Pakistan :
What ’s up ?
There is one plausible explanation for the latest friction : the Bush Administration has given orders to go all out helicopter gunships , air strikes , predator drones , and ground - based forces through the end of the year in an attempt to apprehend or kill Osama bin Laden and other senior Al Qaeda leaders .
Bin Laden and his deputy Ayman Al - Zawahiri have long been understood to be operating in a zone consisting of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas ( FATA ) of Northwest Pakistan and the immediately adjacent areas of Afghanistanprecisely where these incidents have occurred . [...]
The Bush Administration is hoping for an “ October surprise ” that will lift the tides of the Republican candidates just in time for Election Day .
That explains why the extraordinary effort is undertaken now , and why the sensitivities of the U.S. - Pakistani relationship are being ignored .
Thirteen golf balls were found inside Oscar .
A dog had to have 13 golf balls removed from its stomach after eating them on walks around a Fife course .
Owner Chris Morrison had been taking five - year - old black labrador Oscar round the Pitreavie golf course in Dunfermline for several months .
He took Oscar to the vet after noticing a rattling sound coming from his pet 's stomach .
They then discovered that 13 balls - each weighing 45 grams - were lodged in his stomach .
Mr Morrison , a planning administrator , said one of the balls had been in his stomach so long that it had turned black and was decomposing .
He said : " He finds golf balls like truffles .
We 're not sure how long exactly this happened over , but it must have been a fair period - several months at least .
" I felt his stomach and heard them rattling around .
" He normally brings a few home , but I had no idea he had eaten so many .
He is a black lab so he is a fair size , but to swallow 13 is quite amazing
Chris Morrison
" The vet had n't seen anything like it , it was bizarre .
" He is a black lab so he is a fair size , but to swallow 13 is quite amazing . "
The balls were removed two weeks ago in a successful hour - long operation .
Bag full Oscar is now on the road to making a full recovery on a special post - operation diet of watered - down food .
He also has to wear a muzzle while out and about .
Mr Morrison added : " He does get a bit frustrated now and again . "
Bob Hesketh , 40 , principal vet at Vetrica in Rosyth , said he had never seen anything like it .
He said : " It was like a magic trick .
I opened him up and felt what I thought was two or three golf balls .
" But they just kept coming until we had a bag full .
" I think they must have been in there for several months , one was all black and the shell was swollen . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The opinions expressed here are my own , not someone else 's .
If they seem rational , that 's purely coincidental and you are likely reading far too much between the lines .
Executives at Lehman Brothers , the 158 - year - old Wall Street bank that has been brought to the brink of collapse , are set for a long weekend of negotiation as potential acquirers pored over its books and regulators agitated for a deal to restore confidence to battered financial markets .
Officials from the United States Treasury and the Federal Reserve were still insisting last night that no federal money should be used to bail out Lehman or to tempt buyers into doing a deal , but all the signs suggested they were hoping to tie up a resolution before Asian markets reopen for trading at the end of the weekend .
Lehman shares suffered a double - digit percentage plunge for the fifth straight day , as Dick Fuld , the chief executive , fought to manage an orderly end to the independence of the company he has run since 1993 .
His plan , revealed earlier in the week , to shed assets and raise new cash to restore Lehman 's capital position appeared dead in the water yesterday .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It was believed that Bank of America , one of the country 's largest banks , was in pole position to lead a takeover at a knock - down price , potentially in partnership with other financial institutions with an interest in acquiring particular parts of Lehman .
B of A would be interested in the core investment banking franchise , and it was believed to be examining a joint bid with the private equity group JC Flowers , which has been trying to buy Lehman 's cash - generative asset management business .
China Investment
Co , an investment arm of the Chinese government , would join the consortium to gain control of Lehman 's extensive portfolio of commercial real estate , it was reported .
Meanwhile , the UK's Barclays Bank , whose Barclays Capital business has become one of the most influential investment banks in recent years , was also following the likely carve - up and could make an opportunistic bid .
However , insiders there were mindful that Bob Diamond , Barclays Capital 's chief executive , has previously said he prefers to win business rather than buy it , and poach staff rather than see them join reluctantly via a takeover .
It remained uncertain whether a deal could really be knitted together over the weekend , given the uncertain value of the commercial and residential mortgages on Lehman 's balance sheet .
The speed with which the company 's fortunes have deteriorated over the past week has come as a harsh blow to its 25,000 - strong staff around the world , including at its European headquarters in Canary Wharf , where it employs about 4,500 people .
Lehman laid off more than 1,000 people this week in a desperate bid to save money – its fourth such purge in a year – but thousands more face losing their jobs if the company is carved up .
Dick Bove , the respected banking sector analyst at Ladenburg Thalmann , said a takeover of Lehman would be a big plus for Bank of America , whose foray into investment banking has so far been only a mixed success .
A month ago , Mr Bove chastised Mr Fuld for not accepting the inevitable and accepting bids for the company or its assets at prevailing market prices .
By waiting , Mr Fuld has lost everything , and the value that shareholders would get from a carve - up today is now just a fraction of those prices .
" I believe that Bank of America will win the auction for Lehman , " Mr Bove predicted yesterday .
" There is a natural fit between the two companies . "
If a deal is done , B of A would get access to one of the best fixed - income trading desks in the country , which it could link with its own retail business in credit cards , and it becomes a " first rank player " in the equity investment banking sector .
He added : " It gains five years in its pursuit to be the nation 's number one underwriter . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
There was no suggestion yesterday that Lehman was having trouble financing its remaining trading obligations , and therefore no immediate threat of losses by its trading partners and the wider financial system .
It was that threat that prompted the Fed to offer a $ 29bn loan to JPMorgan Chase to persuade it to acquire Bear Stearns , when it came to the brink of collapse in March .
Since then , investment banks have been given access to the Fed 's so - called discount window , where they can borrow to finance their day - to - day trading needs .
Next in the firing line
While the problems for Lehman continued to mount , many on Wall Street were speculating on which institution might come under attack next from anxious investors .
* WASHINGTON MUTUAL
JP Morgan was reported yesterday to be in advanced talks for a " white knight " bid for the country 's largest savings and loan business , which has been on Wall Street 's list of dangerously underfunded institutions for many months .
Its failure would be the biggest ever in US banking .
WaMu shares have lost 80 per cent of their value this year and regulators , belatedly , want to know what the Seattle - based group is doing about the toxic commercial and residential mortgages on its books .
It ousted Kerry Killinger , its chief executive of 18 years , on Monday , and on Thursday , Moody 's downgraded some of WaMu debt to junk status , saying the company has limited financial flexibility and is suffering from a lack of confidence in the debt market .
The company said it had access to $ 50 bn ( £ 28 bn ) of liquidity .
* American International Group
AIG is one of the world 's largest insurers and financial services companies .
It was lured from its tried and trusted business into more exotic areas of financial markets , and its losses this year – more than $ 13bn and counting – have left its reputation for prudence in tatters .
The company is under investigation over claims it inappropriately accounted for all the derivatives on its books .
A new chief executive , Robert Willumstad , has promised a review of the business by 25 September .
The shares were down 20 per cent just yesterday morning on concerns that it needs to raise more capital – something that is tough to do when there is so much uncertainty .
Bill Bergman , an analyst at Morningstar , warned clients to stay away this week .
" AIG has been hit squarely between the eyes by the housing finance meltdown , " he said .
" It originated mortgage loans , insured mortgages , wrote credit default swaps backing securities based on mortgage debt , and invested in mortgage and other asset - backed securities .
It did so in a big way , and it lost . "
*MERRILL LYNCH
As soon as Bear Stearns went under in March , investors turned their attention to Lehman Brothers , the standalone investment bank with the next - weakest balance sheet .
If Lehman could succumb to the crisis of confidence in the industry , then attention naturally turns to the next one up the chain : Merrill Lynch .
The No 3 investment bank was quick to act when the credit crisis struck , ousting the chief executive who had pioneered its headlong rush into mortgage derivatives , Stan O'Neal , last November , and his successor , John Thain , sold off some of the derivatives at firesale prices , just to be shot of the risks .
None of this will be enough to save the company , however , if the market decides that the investment banking model is fundamentally broken , and that such institutions are just too risky and volatile to survive , unless bolted on to a more traditional bank .
Australian Federal Police ( AFP ) say they have smashed a global drug syndicate following what Customs says is the world 's largest seizure of the drug ecstasy .
The AFP says 4.4 tonnes of the drug has been seized and 17 people arrested in Victoria , NSW , South Australia and Tasmania this morning .
They are due to appear in court today .
The pills had a street value of $ 440 million and were found packed in more than 3,000 tomato tins in a shipping container which arrived in Melbourne on June 28 , 2007 .
On July 24 this year Customs and the AFP intercepted another shipping container in Melbourne , which was found to contain 150 kilograms of a white powder which appeared to be cocaine after testing .
The drugs were substituted for an inert substance and the shipping container was monitored .
The AFP executed 45 search warrants this morning as part of their investigation into an international drug syndicate .
Some of those who have been arrested are alleged to be involved with major drug trafficking in Australia .
The AFP says the investigation also identified a money - laundering operation worth more than $ 49 million .
Federal Police Commissioner Mick Keelty says the syndicate was a major supplier of illicit drugs to Australia .
" Our estimation and our intelligence indicates that this syndicate is alleged to be involved in something in the order of 60 per cent of importations coming into south - east Australia , " he said .
" It is classic organised crime and we have done our best to shut down the syndicate .
" It shows that the Australian Federal Police are taking action to protect the youth on our streets .
" It is another success story in a long line of recent achievements in tackling both domestic and transnational crime . "
Federal Attorney - General Robert McClelland says the seizure shows Australia cannot be seen as a soft target for drug syndicates .
" The volume of the seizure indicates that the international syndicates saw Australia as a potentially fertile market , " he said .
" We hope that impression has well and truly been smashed . "
One of the men arrested was a north - east Tasmanian man who appeared in court this morning .
Federal prosecutors are asking for an extradition order to move the 50 - year - old Pipers Brook man interstate .
The Riverina city of Griffith is among the centres where police have raided homes .
Griffith 's Mayor Dino Zappacosta says the bust has been a major setback for the New South Wales regional city that has worked hard to distance itself from its past reputation for drug crime .
" Unfortunately limelight will be back on Griffith , " he said .
" We have tried for years to clean up the good name of Griffith and as the Mayor I 've always tried to talk up Griffith , how it 's a wonderful place and this is certainly going to put a dampener on the whole impact that we 've had over the years . "
Sept. 9 , 2008  --
A massage chair , a hand - made stained glass window and a sled dog are among the items prosecutors have added to a list of gifts they claim Sen .
Ted Stevens concealed , according to court documents filed Monday .
As the corruption trial for the Alaska Republican , the longest - serving senator in his party , approaches , both prosecutors and defense counsel are showing their cards -- their possible evidence and defense strategy -- through a series of court filings .
A federal grand jury in Washington , D.C. indicted the 84 - year - old Stevens in August for allegedly lying on U.S. Senate financial disclosure forms .
Stevens allegedly concealed $ 250,000 worth of gifts and renovations to his Girdwood , Alaska , home over a six - year period .
The government has filed a brief and presented new information , claiming Stevens also received gifts of a massage chair and a sled dog in addition to renovations on his house .
The gifts allegedly came from Bill Allen , then - CEO of now - defunct oil services company VECO .
" From 2000 through 2006 , the defendant [ Sen. Stevens ] accepted substantial things of value from Allen and VECO in connection with the renovation of the Girdwood Residence .
Beginning in 2000 , Allen , at defendant 's request and as a result of defendant 's direct involvement , instructed VECO employees and contractors to conduct major renovations to the defendant 's home . "
According to the government , Stevens never claimed the gifts on his required disclosure forms .
Court documents claim Stevens accepted a $ 2,695 massage chair from Person A , a $ 3,200 hand - designed , hand - constructed stained glass window built to specifications provided by the defendant and his spouse but paid for by Person B and given to Stevens in 2001 .
Neither were reported on his 2001 Financial Disclosure Form .
Court documents also claim that a sled dog , valued at approximately $ 1,000 , was given to the defendant by Person B in 2003 , which the defendant misrepresented on his 2003 Financial Disclosure Form as a $ 250 gift from an Alaskan nonprofit charitable organization .
" In 1999 , Allen provided , at the defendant 's request , a new backup generator for the Girdwood Residence , " the government noted in documents filed Monday .
" The same year , Allen transferred to the defendant a new 1999 Land Rover Discovery worth approximately $ 44,000 , and Allen accepted in exchange for a 1964 Ford Mustang and $ 5,000 , with a combined value of less than $ 20,000 . "
Stevens ' defense lawyers , in a motion filed Monday , asserted that Bill Allen and VECO allegedly helped Sen. Stevens ' grown children and grandchild to " get a good price on a car and to find employment , " but do not prove " the Senator 's knowledge or intent about any transaction or reporting requirement alleged in the indictment . "
The defense noted in papers filed Monday that Allen had suffered from a brain injury and cited previous testimony given by Allen in the trial of former Alaska state legislature member Peter Kott .
According to court records , Allen was involved in a 2001 motorcycle accident and was not wearing a helmet at the time .
On the witness stand in Kott 's trial , Allen told the court about the accident .
" I think it -- I do fine .
My memory , everything is good but my speech .
...
It hit me right in your speech in your brain .
...
My brain was died about a quarter . "
Stevens ' lawyers noted , " To date , the government has not disclosed any documents or other information relating to this injury that might allow the defense to determine what impact , if any , the injury may have had on Allen 's ability to recall and perceive the events at issue in this case . "
A status hearing in the Stevens case has been set for Wednesday in Washington with jury selection scheduled for Sept. 22 .
As you may have noted , my last post seems to have hit a nerve in various communities , particularly with those who are convinced that REST means HTTP ( because , well , that ’s what they think it means ) and that any attempt by me to describe REST with precision is just another elitist philosophical effort that wo n’t apply to those practical web developers who are just trying to get their javascript to work on more than one browser .
Apparently , I use words with too many syllables when comparing design trade - offs for network - based applications .
I use too many general concepts , like hypertext , to describe REST instead of sticking to a concrete example , like HTML .
I am supposed to tell them what they need to do , not how to think of the problem space .
A few people even complained that my dissertation is too hard to read .
Imagine that !
My dissertation is written to a certain audience : experts in the fields of software engineering and network protocol design .
These are folks with long industry careers or graduate degrees , usually Ph.D.s who have spent decades learning about their field , identifying an untrodden path to pursue advanced research , and eventually becoming so familiar with that path that they are ( hopefully ) able to learn something that nobody else in the world has revealed before .
In the process , they become specialists , because it is only through specialization that a human being can become sufficiently knowledgeable to find what has yet to be known in a field as large as computing .
It is only by becoming specialists that we can understand each other when we explain what we have learned , and thereby grow the field of knowledge over time .
James Burke described the problem of specialization in the final episode of his first series on BBC , Connections .
If you are having a hard time following my work , then I strongly suggest you go find a copy of the old episodes somewhere and watch them , bearing in mind that it was first broadcast in 1978 , when the folks who brought you the Web were at their most impressionable early age .
Mr. Burke would appreciate that connection , I think .
What he said deserves a bit of transcripting on my part :
The other , general thing to be said about how change comes about through innovation , and especially about the rate in which that change occurs , is that : the easier you can communicate , the faster change happens .
I mean , if you look back at the past , in that light , you ’ll see that there was a great surge in invention in the European Middle Ages , as soon as they had reestablished safe communication between their cities , after the so - called dark ages .
There was another one , in the sixteenth century , when these [ books ] gave scientists and engineers the opportunity to share their knowledge with each other , thanks to a German goldsmith called Johannes Gutenberg who ’d invented printing back in the 1450s .
And then , when that developed out there , telecommunications , oh a hundred - odd years ago , then things really started to move .
It was with that second surge , in the sixteenth century , that we moved into the era of specialization : people writing about technical subjects in a way that only other scientists would understand .
And , as their knowledge grew , so did their need for specialist words to describe that knowledge .
If there is a gulf today , between the man - in - the - street and the scientists and the technologists who change his world every day , that ’s where it comes from .
It was inevitable .
Everyday language was inadequate .
I mean , you ’re a doctor .
How do you operate on somebody when the best description of his condition you have is “ a funny feeling in the stomach ? ”
The medical profession talks mumbo jumbo because it needs to be exact .
Or would you rather be dead ?
And that ’s only a very obvious example .
Trouble is , when I ’m being cured of something , I do n’t care if I do n’t understand .
But what happens when I do care ?
When , say , the people we vote for are making decisions that effect our lives deeply , `cause that is , after all , when we get our say , is n’t it ?
When we vote ?
But say the issue relates to a bit of science and technology we do n’t understand ?
Like , how safe is a reactor somebody wants to build ?
Or , should we make supersonic airplanes ?
Then , in the absence of knowledge , what is there to appeal to except our emotions ?
And then the issue becomes “ national prestige , ” or “ good for jobs , ” or “ defense of our way of life , ” or something .
And suddenly you ’re not voting for the real issue at all .
[ James Burke , “ Yesterday , Tomorrow and You ” ( 19:02 - 21:30 ) , 1978 ]
Still timely after all these years , is n’t it ?
As scientists go , I am a generalist : the topics that I care about range from international politics to physics , with most applications of computing somewhere in between .
However , when I send out a message to API designers , I expect the audience to be reasonably competent in the field .
I have to talk to them as a specialist because I want them to understand , as specialists themselves , exactly what I am trying to convey and not some second - order derivatives .
Most of the terms that I use should already be familiar to them ( and thus it is a waste of everyone ’s time for me to define them ) .
When there is a concern about a particular term , like hypertext , it can be resolved by pointing out the relevant definitions that I use as an expert in the field .
I do n’t try to tell them exactly what to do because , quite frankly , I do n’t have anywhere near enough knowledge of their specific context to make such a decision .
What I can do is tell them what is n’t REST or that does n’t fit my definitions , because that is something about which I am guaranteed to know more than anyone else on this planet .
That ’s what happens when you complete a dissertation on a topic .
So , when you find it hard to understand what I have written , please do n’t think of it as talking above your head or just too philosophical to be worth your time .
I am writing this way because I think the subject deserves a particular form of precision .
Instead , take the time to look up the terms .
Think of it as an opportunity to learn something new , not because I said so , but because it will do you some personal good to better understand the depth of our field .
Not just the details of what I wrote , but the background knowledge implied by all the strange terms that I used to write it .
Others will try to decipher what I have written in ways that are more direct or applicable to some practical concern of today .
I probably wo n’t , because I am too busy grappling with the next topic , preparing for a conference , writing another standard , traveling to some distant place , or just doing the little things that let me feel I have I earned my paycheck .
I am in a permanent state of not enough time .
Fortunately , there are more than enough people who are specialist enough to understand what I have written ( even when they disagree with it ) and care enough about the subject to explain it to others in more concrete terms , provide consulting if you really need it , or just hang out and metablog .
That ’s a good thing , because it helps refine my knowledge of the field as well .
We are communicating really , really fast these days .
Do n’t pretend that you can keep up with this field while waiting for others to explain it to you .
So …you ’ve got multiple threads in ruby and then you do
require ‘ rexml ’
REXML :: Document
and it does n’t work ?
What ?
Turns out that what may have happened is some other thread got to its require ‘ rexml ’ and is in the middle of loading it .
The second got to require ‘ rexml ’ skipped right past it , since it was in the process of loading it , and then blew right up .
At least I think so .
Phew that was scary !
Does n’t answer all of ruby ’s weirdness … but some .
refs :
http://www.mail-archive.com/mongrel-users@rubyforge.org/msg00243.html
http://groups.google.com/group/rubyonrails-core/browse_thread/thread/ff25b78c21766492
http://www.daniel-azuma.com/blog/view/z4oi2c3bf8t16s/ruby_threads_and_kernel_require
4:57 pm
ACLU
Bill Ushers in Humane Standards for Immigration Detention Facilities
4:48 pm
Hip Hop Caucus
Respect My Vote Campaign Reaches Thouands During Nationwide One - Day Voter Registration Drive
4:47 pm
Environmental Working Group ( EWG )
EPA : Rocket Fuel Contaminant Safe for Nation ’s Drinking Water
3:58 pm
ACLU
ACLU Welcomes Child Soldiers Accountability Act
3:48 pm
Public Citizen
Pennsylvania Court ’s Decision to Protect Majority of Anonymous Online Posters a Win for Free Speech ,
3:45 pm
Institute for Public Accuracy ( IPA )
Fresh PSAs for Voter Registration Available
3:39 pm
National Gay and Lesbian Task Force
Rea Carey , Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender Rights Leader , Demands Higher Standard From National Candidates
3:14 pm
Amnesty International
Thousands of Displaced Civilians in Pakistan / Afghanistan Border Area Have Right to International Assistance ,
3:13 pm
Brave New Films
Brave New Films Runs Full Page Ad in New York Times Featuring 2,768 Doctors Calling for Release of McCain's Medical Records
Select a Topic !
Easier navigation
More room for more sounds Easier Reading
Welcome to the NEW SITE !
Why did we rebuild the site ?
We hope you like the changes .
' The European Spirit is Really Taking Hold Here ' Birth of a Bilingual Newspaper on the German - Dutch Border
A regional cross -border newspaper for communities living near the Dutch - German border illustrates how relations between the populations have improved .
The Schengen agreement has helped change the groups ' attitudes toward one another .
Von Annette Toonen
Here 's a good one : Just because former Republican Rep. Bob Barr of Georgia is the official candidate for president of the Libertarian Party , he thinks he should be included in this fall 's televised presidential debates .
Can you imagine ?
A third party muscling in on the political duopoly of the Republicans and Democrats ?
Shades of Republican Rep. Ron Paul of Texas , who was in a bunch of GOP primary debates last winter but was barred by Fox News from participating in its New Hampshire debate just before the voting there .
Even though Paul had garnered more votes and raised more money than some of the better - known Republicans who were included .
Paul , who was the Libertarian presidential candidate back in 1988 , has given up on the Republican presidential nomination now .
He is unopposed for reelection to the House , is out selling his no -longer - new book and is planning a counter - convention near the GOP gathering in St. Paul , Minn. , in 12 days .
Meanwhile , today he turns 73 .
But now there 's an absolutely outrageous public opinion poll out showing ...
McCain 's rough " town hall " debate just got a bit worse , as one questioner writes about the experience on his Facebook page of hearing a fairly standard McCain line :
How did I feel about Sen. McCain stating “ You probably never heard of Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac before this " [ ? ]
Well Senator , I actually did .
I like to think of myself as a fairly intelligent person .
I have a bachelor degree in Political Science from Tennessee State , so I try to keep myself up to date with current affairs .
I have a Master degree in Legal Studies from Southern Illinois University , a few years in law school , and I am currently pursuing a Master in Public Administration from the University of Memphis .
In defense of the Senator from Arizona I would say he is an older guy , and may have made an underestimation of my age .
Honest mistake .
However , it could be because I am a young African - American male .
Whatever the case may be it was somewhat condescending regardless of my age to make an assumption regarding whether I was knowledgeable about Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
Created by Antrepo Design Industry as " alternative movie posters about brand integration " and it shows , who 's in the film .
Pictured : First glimpse of an alien planet in orbit around a sun just like ours
Scientists have snapped the first picture of a planet outside our solar system orbiting a star similar to the sun .
The distant world is giant and has about eight times the mass of Jupiter .
It lies far out from its star about 330 times the distance of the Earth from the Sun .
Images of the young star and what seems to be its companion planet were taken by astronomers from the University of Toronto using the Gemini North telescope on Mauna Kea in Hawaii .
The star with what is believed to be ( circled ) its planet
Despite the planet 's strangeness , the star is quite like our own sun .
' The star is very typical .
It 's like the sun , just younger .
But the planet is quite unusual .
It 's on the high end of the mass of the extrasolar planets found so far .
And it's also very far away from its star , ' Ray Jayawardhana , one of the scientists , said .
The stellar pair are located in our Milky Way galaxy about 500 light years from Earth .
A light year is about 6 trillion miles , or the distance light travels in a year .
Mr Jayawardhana said there is evidence of water and carbon monoxide in the planet 's atmosphere .
The planet is not thought to be a good candidate for extraterrestrial life because it appears to be a gas giant and therefore inhospitable to life .
Previously , the only planets outside the solar system to be photographed have belonged to tiny , dim stars known as brown dwarfs .
And while roughly 300 extrasolar planets have been detected by noting their gravitational tug on their parent stars , it is rare to find one large enough to image directly .
' " It 's always been a goal to take a picture of a planet around another star .
The challenge , of course , is that planets are much , much fainter than stars , ' Mr Jayawardhana added .
The team said they are working to confirm that the planet is indeed orbiting this star as it appears , but it may take up to two years to get that data .
In Virginia , an African - American finds his Obama sign removed and replaced with a confederate flag .
Yes , the man is a veteran .
And this is how he responded :
" I 've been praying for them , because we 're all going to be charged with what we do , " he said .
" It 's sad that we 've grown and we want to keep fighting with something and can't be peaceful and thankful . "
As I said : it 's now a battle between hope and fear .
There is no neutral ground any more .
Do what you can .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The music industry , movie industry , game industry and just about any other that can have content distributed online wants nothing more than for the world to believe peer to peer file sharing is a devil that leads to rampant piracy .
ISPs rail against it , companies block it , and lawsuits are filed against companies and individuals who dare host or use file sharing software .
And yet , despite all the efforts against it , recent studies not only project a massive 400 % increase in P2P traffic over the next five years , but indicate that legal use of P2P is growing at a rate 10 times faster than illegal use .
While this information wo n't entirely placate the ISPs that seek to block its use ( like Comcast has in the past ) , it surely is a huge blow to those who point the finger at P2P as the biggest pirating tool in the world .
Obviously that sort of growth can't continue .
At the very least , perhaps , it can help change the perception that P2P is a tool of piracy , and instead endorse it for the numerous benefits it can bring .
That could lead to more and more ISPs recognizing they must adapt to P2P traffic , rather than opposing it or trying to squelch it .
The next five years will prove to be very interesting for P2P technology as more legal content becomes available .
That ’s almost 2 % of the total world population !
Picture courtesy UN
A worldrecord breaking 117 million people in 131 countries stood up last weekend as part of a United Nations - led campaign demanding world leaders to keep their promises to halve extreme poverty and achieve the other Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) by their target date of 2015 .
Over 8,000 events were held around the globe , from Afghanistan and Burundi to Thailand and Uganda , as part of the “ Stand Up and Take Action against Poverty ” campaign held from 17 to 19 October .
The exact number of registered participants was 116,993,629 people .
The break down : * Africa : 24,496,151 * Middle East region : 17,847,870 * Asia : 73,151,847 * Europe : 951,788 * Latin America : 211,250 * North America : 123,920 * Oceania : 210,803
This event broke the Guinness World Record for the largest social mobilization on a single issue ever .
( Full More posts on The Road about activism and poverty Note :
These figures were originally not included , but updated later .
Video And Audio Codecs
Here at the MultimediaWiki we catalog as many technical details as we can about video and audio codecs .
This goes for current codecs such as VC - 1 as well as classic codecs like Cinepak that still enjoy widespread use .
See the following categories for comprehensive lists : Video Codecs , Video FourCCs , Audio Codecs , and Audio FourCCs .
Container , Text , And Networking Formats
There is more to multimedia technology than just the audio and video codecs .
Container formats are responsible for organizing the data on disk and network protocols are in charge of sending the data over the internet .
There is a plethora of subtitle formats that display textual information along with video .
And do not discount the wide array of game - related formats that helped pioneer the field .
[ / caption ]
Was there a third Martian moon orbiting the planet ?
Did Phobos and Deimos have a triplet sibling ?
According to the discovery of two elliptical impact craters , there might just have been another moon , but it ploughed into the Red Planet ’s surface a long time ago .
The moonlet would have been approximately 1.5 km wide ( 0.9 miles ) , and it will have succumbed to the Mars gravity , entering the atmosphere at a shallow angle .
As it tumbled through the atmosphere it broke in two , hitting the surface and creating two elongated impact craters , near - perfectly aligned .
It is thought that the “ third moon ” of Mars dropped from orbit a billion years ago and the same will happen with Phobos in a few million years .
However , there might be another explanation , with no third moonlet in sight …
Observations of the Martian surface , just north of Olympus Mons , show two oval - shaped craters ( pictured top ) .
Usually impact craters are approximately circular , so the elongated craters indicate the impactor (s ) entered the atmosphere at a very shallow angle .
This is n’t the only strange characteristic of these two craters .
They lie 12.5 km ( 7.8 miles ) apart and they are almost exactly aligned from east to west ( they are off - alignment by only 3.48° ) .
The larger crater is 10 km ( 6.2 miles ) wide at its longest point , and the smaller crater is 3 km ( 1.9 miles ) wide .
There are two possible answers to this puzzle , but researchers are having a hard time in agreeing on which one .
In a recent publication , John Chappelow and Rob Herrick of the University of Alaska , Fairbanks , have calculated that the impact craters were caused by a small moon that entered the atmosphere , broke into two ( due to atmospheric drag ) and then struck the surface at an oblique angle of 10° or less .
The moonlet would have been 1.5 km ( 0.9 miles ) in diameter .
This sounds feasible , after all for both craters to be aligned , one would think they came from the same mass , right ?
This moon - impact theory has a few drawbacks however .
The first problem is that the impact craters are located at 40° latitude in Mars ’ northern hemisphere .
One would expect natural satellites to orbit around the equatorial plane if their orbits are stable ( hovering around 0° latitude ) .
“ Any close natural satellite must , like Phobos , orbit in Mars ’s equatorial plane , ” said Jay Melosh , a crater expert at the University of Arizona in Tucson , who is highly sceptical of Chappelow and Herrick ’s findings .
However , Herrick believes that the moonlet may not have established a stable orbit , above the equator .
“ We do n’t know the details of the [ moonlet ’s ] capture mechanism , so I do n’t know that we can definitively say that the object must have moved to an equatorial orbit before spiralling in , ” countered Herrick .
Melosh argues that the craters may have been caused by a binary asteroid ( or “ double asteroids ” ) entering the Martian atmosphere at a very shallow angle .
After all , there is a confirmed example of a binary asteroid impact on the Moon ( a.k.a. the Messier craters on the Moon , pictured above ) .
Chappelow however disputed this claim saying , “ In such a case , the craters should be oriented randomly . ”
After all , would n’t the binary asteroid have a randomly oriented orbital plane ?
Apparently not .
It appears that over hundreds of thousands of years of asteroid evolution , the effect of sunlight has a huge role to play in the dynamics of binary asteroid formation .
A process known as the “ Yarkovsky - O’ Keefe - Radzievskii - Paddack Effect , ” or the YORP Effect , causes the uneven heating of an asteroid .
Carrying a tiny jolt of momentum , photons are emitted from the surface in jets , eventually causing the asteroid to spin .
Eventually a piece of rock breaks loose , forming the binary asteroid .
It would appear there is an observed trend for the majority of binary asteroids to orbit in the same plane as the rest of the Solar System .
So it seems possible that a binary asteroid could create the two elongated and aligned impact craters after all .
Regardless , whether a third moon or binary asteroid hit Mars , it will be of little comfort to Phobos .
The moon ( with a mean radius of 11 km ) is slowly dropping in altitude due to tidal forces .
In about 11 million years it will either crash into Mars or be ripped apart through gravitational shear .
Either way , Phobos is a doomed moon .
Original Source : Space.com
Who is the greatest rapper of all time ?
What does that title mean ?
Times change .
Skills fade .
New greats emerge .
Old ones decline .
How can anyone crown the best emcee when so many great ones are still working ?
To be as fair and thorough as possible , here are some ground rules .
Eligible artists must have been active for at least 10 years and have released at least two albums .
They were evaluated for originality , longevity , lyrics , cultural impact , flavor , battle skills , body of work , poetic value , substance , versatility , vocal presence , live performance , flow , delivery , and influence .
These 50 emcees have done everything it takes to make a play for the throne :
50 of 50 Gift of Gab WireImage / Getty Images Gift of Gab 's flow is smooth as ice .
His poetics are audio tattoos .
Though Gift and Blackalicious comrade Chief Xcel never strayed far enough from their recipe to line their walls with plaques , their body of work won the hearts of fans and critics from coast to coast .​
Essential : " Nia "
49 of 50 Guru WireImage / Getty Images
It 's mostly the voice .
It was unmistakable .
As the voice of Gang Starr ( DJ Premier helmed the duo's production department ) , Guru was instrumental in creating one of the greatest hip - hop duos of all time .
Extra credit goes to Baldhead Slick for being one of the premier jazz rappers .
Who could forget that velvet voice ?
Essential : " Daily Operation "
48 of 50 Prodigy WireImage / Getty Images
Before the G - Unit tattoos , before the Jay - Z battle , before the Havoc feud , Prodigy was a pivotal player in East Coast rap .
P and his partner in rhyme Hav brought dun talk to the Queensbridge projects .
Outside The Mobb , Prodigy went on to become a solo force .
He teamed up with producer Alchemist on 2007's " Return of the Mac " and 2013's " Albert Einstein . "
Essential : " The Infamous ( with Mobb Deep ) "
47 of 50 Posdnuos WireImage / Getty Images
At a time when gangsta rap was the order of the day , Posdnuos and his De La Soul cohorts crashed the party with a smile and some daisies .
Essential : " Is Dead "
46 of 50 Jadakiss WireImage / Getty Images
A street - wise lyricist , Jadakiss has maintained a startling level of consistency since the days of L - O - X .
Aside from his raspy flow and his ability to dismantle anyone on a track , Jada is famous for threatening to throw a refrigerator at Diddy over a publishing dispute .
Essential : " Kiss of Death "
45 of 50 Bun B Getty Images for The Recording A / Getty Images Bun B emits charm and charisma on wax and in person .
Bun 's technique , leadership , and cultural impact earned him the respect of peers and fans .
The 5 mic winning showed he can still hang with the best of 'em .
Essential : " Ridin ' Dirty ( with UGK ) "
44 of 50 T.I. WireImage / Getty Images
Rappers are obsessed with royalty , many declaring themselves king at some point in their career , but few have taken the proclamation as seriously as T.I .
The Kang gained credibility via the cosign of fellow kings such as Scarface and Bun B , but he still had to make good on the title .
So he did , dropping hit after hit , juking past rivals , and keeping the street happy simultaneously .
T.I.'s best songs are often the ones where the trap meets the charts .
Thanks to this foolproof recipe , T.I. has enjoyed multiple platinum successes , including the million - selling " King " and double platinum " Paper Trail . " ​ Essential : " Trap Muzik "
43 of 50 Beanie Sigel WireImage / Getty Images
With a distinctive delivery and a tested battle pedigree , Beans followed in the long line of Philly - bred greats .
He was one of Roc - a - Fella 's brightest alongside Jay - Z and Kanye West .
There must be a special formula in the waters of Philadelphia .
Essential : " The Truth "
42 of 50 DMX WireImage / Getty Images
DMX made a name for himself with the ever - peculiar mix of spirituality and passion .
1998 was a highlight in his career , as the Yonkers emcee released two albums in one year .
Both flew straight to numero uno .
Essential : " It 's Dark and Hell Is Hot "
41 of 50 Snoop Dogg Andrew Chin / Getty Images
Not too many rappers have been able to create mainstream hits while still keeping it " G. "
Apart from wielding the slickest of slick flows , Snoop has supplied some of the most captivating hooks hip - hop has ever witnessed .
Essential : " Doggystyle "
40 of 50 Queen Latifah Tim Mosenfelder / Getty Images Queen Latifah was n't the first female rapper , but she was definitely the first to become a star .
Her third album , " Black Reign , " became the first by a female emcee to be certified gold .
Latifah 's commercial success kicked down doors for future stars such as Da Brat , Lauryn Hill , and Nicki Minaj .
Essential : " All Hail the Queen "
39 of 50 Kendrick Lamar Getty Images for Clara Lionel Fo / Getty Images Kendrick Lamar emerged as arguably the best rapper of the 2010s , following the release of two critically acclaimed albums , " good kid , m. A. A.d city " and " To Pimp a Butterfly . "
His pre-Aftermath / Interscope project , " Section.80 , " was n't too shabby , either .
Lamar brought a refreshing sense of leadership and innovation to the game , challenging his peers , highlighting societal ills , and , ultimately , pining for a hopeful resolve .
38 of 50 Q - Tip Getty Images for The Meadows Music & Arts Festival / Getty Images
As Tribe 's lead emcee , Q - Tip helped pioneer jazz rap .
Tip promoted Afrocentric ideals and social discourse without ever raising his voice .
Essential : " Midnight Marauders "
37 of 50 Kanye West Getty Images for The Meadows / Getty Images Kanye
West walks around with a Texas - size boulder on his shoulder , but he has the skills to back up the drama .
West is arguably the best producer on the mic .
His technique has evolved over the years , and his albums are topically diverse .
His influence is ubiquitous .
Essential : " Late Registration "
36 of 50 Busta Rhymes FilmMagic / Getty Images
One of the founding principles of emceeing is the ability to move the crowd .
Who can say they 've never been compelled to move to the beat by Busta 's favorite grunt : " Whoo - HA ! " Extra points for being the most energetic live performer in hip - hop history .
Essential : " Extinction Level Event : Final World Front "
35 of 50 Lupe Fiasco Scott Legato / Getty Images
When your first hit is about skateboarding and you ka kun ka kun your way to the top of the game while eating Kanye West on his own track , your future certainly looks bright as all seven skies .
Emperor
Lu has toyed with career suicide , but he still lives to influence a generation of lyricists such as J. Cole and Kendrick Lamar .
Essential : " Food & Liquor "
34 of 50 Raekwon WireImage / Getty Images
Although the " chef " in Raekwon the Chef has more to do with white meat than soul food , Rae helped create the recipe for mafioso rap in the '90s .
Apart from his obvious influence on many of today 's emcees , he is also the author of one of the best hip - hop albums of all time , " Only Built 4 Cuban Linx . "
Essential : " Only Built 4 Cuban Linx "
33 of 50 Kool Moe Dee Paras Griffin / Getty Images
With his deadly combination of wit and grit , Kool Moe Dee helped write the blueprint for what would eventually become known as battle rap .
Essential : " How Ya Like Me Now "
32 of 50 Canibus WireImage / Getty Images Military vet Canibus is known for his esoteric psych - rap transcendence .
When he's not battling an unidentified foe , he 's pondering UFO conspiracy theories and the nature of chicken parmesan .
Anyone who can battle LL Cool J and Eminem in the same lifetime and still stand is a man of valor .
Essential : " Mic Club : The Curriculum "
31 of 50 Royce da 5 ' 9 " WireImage / Getty Images
Anyone who 's ever driven a standard one - gear car understands the mind of Royce da 5 ' 9 " .
Nickel
Nine knows only one way to steer the mic , and that 's to subdue every beat he comes in contact with .
A battle vet , Royce thrives on competition .
He 's teamed up with Eminem as Bad Meets Evil and plies his trade as one - fourth of the supergroup Slaughterhouse , alongside Joe Budden , Crooked I , and Joell Ortiz .
Essential : " Death Is Certain "
30 of 50 Killer Mike WireImage / Getty Images Killer Mike is the new school Ice Cube : the voice of a minister , the attitude of a Panther , and the delivery of a cannonball .
Mike 's versatility is one of his best weapons .
He rocks party jams and militant anthems with the same gusto .
29 of 50 Talib Kweli Getty Images for Ozy Fusion Fest 2017 / Getty Images Talib Kweli was drawn to writing at an early age , having grown up with college professors as parents .
Kweli extends those early lessons to his art , using hip - hop as a platform to enlighten and empower his community .​
Essential : " Quality "
28 of 50 Ghostface Killah Getty Images for The Meadows Music & Arts Festival / Getty Images
Ghostface is one of the most imaginative storytellers of our time .
He 's also the most consistent album maker in hip - hop , with a deep , rich catalog of great albums .
Essential : " Supreme Clientele "
27 of 50 AZ Mika - photography / Wikimedia Commons / CC SA BY 3.0 AZ , who debuted on Nas ' 1994 hit song " Life 's a B ***h , " is arguably the most underrated rapper ever .
Too tough to sell out , his " intelligent thug " persona sets him aside from his peers .
Essential : " Doe or Die "
26 of 50 MC Lyte Brad Barket / Getty Images Brooklyn's own MC Lyte is the complete package .
She made her entrance by helping Sinead O'Connor to a dance hit , throwing flames at a cheating boyfriend , and railing against copycat rappers , all at the same time .
Essential : " Lyte as a Rock "
25 of 50 Big Pun Hiroyuki Ito / Getty Images
Despite his large frame , Big Pun 's fun , fast , and feisty rhymes kept him light years ahead of his peers .
He was also the first solo Latino rapper to go platinum .
Essential : " Capital Punishment "
24 of 50 LL Cool J Getty Images for The Meadows Music & Arts Festival / Getty Images LL 's longevity has never been disputed — he has n't been able to " Live Without His Radio " since 1985 — and , unlike other ' 80s icons , Cool J has managed to reinvent his style over the years to reflect the current hip - hop landscape .
Essential : " Mama Said Knock You Out "
23 of 50 Big L Gunned down in his prime at 24 on Feb. 15 , 1999 , the rest of Big L's talent followed him to the grave .
But he left behind enough material to make a case as one of the most talented poets in hip - hop history .
Essential : " The Big Picture "
22 of 50 Masta Ace WireImage / Getty Images Surrounded by Juice Crew vets Marley Marl , MC Shan , Big Daddy Kane , Biz Markie , Roxanne Shante , and Craig G , Masta
Ace was an early unsung talent .
His wit , wordplay , and consistency eventually earned him a spot among the greats .
Essential : " Disposable Arts "
21 of 50 Pharoahe Monch WireImage / Getty Images
Through his panoramic vision and hyper - realistic narratives , Pharoahe Monch solidified a reputation as one of hip - hop 's prominent lyricists .
Essential : " Internal Affairs "
20 of 50 Redman Getty Images for SXSW / Getty Images Redman does n't get the credit he deserves , but he 's inspired a handful of other greats on this list , including Eminem .
Sometimes satirical , sometimes silly , Redman is one of the liveliest storytellers of his era .
Essential : " Muddy Waters "
19 of 50 Common J. Countess / Getty Images
An ingenuous street poet , master storyteller , and battle - worn warrior , Common has kept Chi-town hip - hop 's flag flying high for two decades .
Essential : " Resurrection "
18 of 50 Lauryn Hill Scott Legato / Getty Images
After years as a member of the Fugees , Lauryn Hill finally broke out as a solo star with 1998 ’s " The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill . "
Some of the album ’s most unforgettable tunes are poignant tributes to motherhood , relationships , and culture .
Lauryn is one of the greatest emcees of all time , male or female .
Essential : " The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill "
17 of 50 GZA / Genius Scott Dudelson / Getty Images Armed with sharp metaphors and a smooth flow , Shaolin swordsman GZA is one of the most cerebral emcees in the Wu family .
Essential : " Liquid Swords "
16 of 50 Black Thought Redferns / Getty Images Black
Thought is a surgeon of emceeing , reaching only for the most incisive effect that each line and verse , each metaphor and punchline , can convey , and applying his skill accordingly .
If you listen closely you might hear him feeling around his tool box for just the right flow , the right vocal inflection , the right rhyme sequence .
He always seems to find it .
Essential : " Illadelph Halflife "
15 of 50 Chuck D Getty Images for Rush Philanthropic Arts Foundation / Getty Images Lyrical with a militant message and a take - no - prisoners persona , Chuck D remains a hugely influential figure in the game .
Essential : " It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back "
14 of 50 Mos Def Nicholas Hunt / Getty Images
Before he caught the acting bug , Mos Def made an indelible impression on hip - hop with lyrics so clean they made your parents boogie .
Essential : " Black on Both Sides "
13 of 50 Andre 3000 FilmMagic / Getty Images
He raps , sings , acts , and even dabbles in guitar .
Andre 3000 is hip - hop 's renaissance man .
Although he 's released no solo albums , Dre has developed a reputation for stealing the show with nearly every guest appearance .
Essential : " Aquemini "
12 of 50 KRS - One Scott Dudelson / Getty Images
The Teacha transformed the brusque violence of street life into a story of uplift and self - awareness , starting with BDP 's incendiary debut , " Criminal Minded . "
Essential : " By All Means Necessary ( with Boogie Down Productions ) "
11 of 50 Slick Rick Scott Dudelson / Getty Images
Despite myriad run-ins with the INS and jail stints , Ricky Walters managed to hold down the storytelling department like no other .
Essential : " The Great Adventures of Slick Rick "
10 of 50 Ice Cube FilmMagic / Getty Images
Politically salient with an in - your - face voice , Ice Cube developed a cult - like following by favoring substance over style .
He 's also the only man who went to war with NWA and came out on top . ​
Essential : " Death Certificate "
09 of 50 Big Daddy Kane Paras Griffin / Getty Images Big Daddy
Kane is the original king of swagger .
Charismatic and confident on the mic , Kane entertained the world with his peculiar flair and stylish wardrobe .
Rappers such as Jay - Z , Biggie , and Snoop later adopted his player persona .
Essential : " Long Live the Kane "
08 of 50 Kool G Rap WireImage / Getty Images
The next time your favorite emcee commits a double - homicide on wax , blame it on Kool G Rap .
Why ?
He 's the grandfather of hardcore hip - hop .
Some of the grittiest street tales in rap grew out of G Rap 's rhyme book .
Essential : " Wanted : Dead or Alive ( with DJ Polo ) "
07 of 50 Eminem Scott Legato / Getty Images Eminem is a once - in - a - generation talent .
His dystopian rhymes , complex flow , experimental wordplay , and meticulous phrasing make him one of the best emcees of all time .
Essential : " The Marshall Mathers LP "
06 of 50 Scarface Tibrina Hobson / Getty Images
Only a handful of emcees have managed to sustain their alignment with the streets regardless of mainstream plaudits .
Scarface is at the top of that list .
His street tales and poetic raps are constant reminders that Brad Jordan is the voice of the hood .
Essential : " The Diary "
05 of 50 2 Pac Raymond Boyd / Michael Ochs Archives / Getty Tupac
Shakur is the most influential hip - hop artist of all time .
Even in death , 2 P ac remains a transcendental rap figure .
Afeni's baby is often imitated but never duplicated .
Essential : " Me Against the World "
04 of 50 Jay - Z Tim Mosenfelder / Getty Images Jay - Z changed the game on and off wax .
Musically , he inspired a host of young emcees eager to learn how to hustle their flow .
Business - wise , he inspired a group of hustlers - turned - trappers .
Peep his flawless flow and double - entendres .
That marketing plan was him .
Essential : " Reasonable Doubt "
03 of 50 The Notorious B.I.G. Adger Cowans / Getty Images The Notorious B.I.G. was the complete emcee .
He had the stories , the hits , the unforgettable guest rhymes , the lyrics , and a great body of work to leave a lasting mark .
Biggie had enough pizzazz to sway audiences young and old .
His effortless wit and unparalleled flow made him one of the greatest rappers of our time .
Essential : " Ready to Die "
02 of 50 Rakim Scott Dudelson / Getty Images
While others bragged about their guns , Rakim celebrated his skills .
Before Rakim , hip - hop was all about nursery rhymes .
He changed the game by introducing multisyllabic rhymes and a slew of new slangs .
A smooth , laid - back flow and positive messages are the hallmarks that make Rakim half of one of rap 's greatest duos and a contender for the ultimate crown in hip - hop .
Essential : " Paid in Full ( Eric B. & Rakim ) "
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
It looks like Apple wo n't be closing the iTunes store because of a dispute with music publishers over royalties on downloaded songs .
The Copyright Royalty Board in Washington , D.C. , today declined a request by the National Music Publishers Association to increase royalties from 9 cents to 15 cents on songs purchased from online music stores like iTunes .
Apple adamantly opposed the proposed 66 % increase and threatened to shutter iTunes if it was approved .
In a statement submitted to the board last year , iTunes vice president Eddy Cue said Apple did n't want to raise its 99 cents a song price or absorb the higher royalty costs itself .
Cue 's statement was first reported by Fortune on Tuesday .
PricewaterhouseCoopers estimates that Apple ( AAPLE ) only makes about 10 cents a song in profit .
Apple spokesman Tom Neumayr said the company was happy with the ruling .
" We 're pleased with the CRB 's decision to keep royalty rates stable , " he said .
The Copyright Royalty Board is a three - judge panel that oversees statutory licenses granted under federal copyright law .
That includes royalty rates for music sales .
The current case followed the expiration last year of a 1997 decision that had governed sales of so - called physical music products like CDs for a decade .
Thursday 's decision will set royalty rates for the next five years .
This is the board 's first ruling on the digital sale of music .
Cue 's threat was greeted with disbelief by many people in the technology world Apple has artfully used the iTunes store to spur demand for iPods , its most popular product .
Before Apple opened the store in 2003 , there was virtually no place for iPod owners to purchase music online .
And so iTunes helped grow the market for the gadget by appealing to people who did n't want to patronize illegal file - sharing services and risk a music industry lawsuit .
i Tunes ended up as the largest music retailer on the Internet .
Piper Jaffray estimates that Apple will sell 2.4 billion songs this year , giving it an 85 % share of the digital music market .
But the company 's aggressive position in this case illustrates the challenges faced by the nascent digital music industry .
The Recording Industry Association of America says sales of digital songs and albums rose 46 % last year , to $ 1.2 billion .
Apple laments that its profits are still slim .
Therefore , Apple argues , it would be dangerous to raise its 99 - cents - a - song price .
Apple pays an estimated 70 cents on the sale of every dollar it collects per song to the record companies responsible for each track .
The record companies turn over 9 cents to the music publishers who control the copyrights to these tunes .
The record companies were in no mood to pay the proposed royalty increase out of their pockets .
Not when CD sales , their one - time cash cow , fell last year by 20 % , to $ 7.4 billion .
They asked the Copyright Royalty Board to abandon the fixed per-song payment in favor of 8 % of wholesales revenues ..
" We 're pleased that this decision freezes the current rate for CDs and digital downloads for the five - year term , " said RIAA chairman Mitch Bainwol in a statement .
"
No party got everything it wanted , yet at the end of the day , the certainty provided by this ruling is beneficial . "
The Digital Media Association , which represents Apple and other online music services , sought an even lower rate of 4.8 cents a track , or 6 % of " applicable revenues .
They did n't get what they wanted .
But executive director Jonathan Potter also sounded relieved on Thursday .
" During this challenging time for the music industry and digital stores and services , we are pleased with the CRB 's decision to keep royalty rates stable for the next five years , " he said in a statement .
The music publishers had argued that Apple was selling songs at a low price to sell iPods , which did n't benefit them .
Even so , they , too sounded a conciliatory note in a statement released after the ruling was announced .
" These events will bring clarity and order to an environment that for the past decade has been hampered by litigation and uncertainty on all sides , " said David Israelite , CEO of the National Music Publishers Association .
" I think , all in all , there 's not a lot of drama here , just a good set of rates that will serve songwriters well and work well for the purveyors of digital music , " said Roger Faxon , CEO of EMI Music Publishing , one of the world 's leading music publishers .
Volunteers were asked to hold a hot cup of coffee
If you want someone to warm to you give them a steaming hot drink , say US researchers .
People are more likely to judge strangers as welcoming and trustworthy when they are holding a hot cup of coffee , experiments show .
Volunteers rated people as 11 % " warmer " after holding a hot drink than after holding a cold drink , the study in Science reports .
The warmth of a drink also influenced how selfish participants were .
In one test 41 volunteers were tricked into holding a drink while they were being taken from the lobby to the laboratory .
It 's basic conditioning - warm sensations are nicer than cold sensations and if you feel something nice you transpose it on to something else
Dr Simon Moore
They were then asked to read about a fictional character and rate how cold or warm they found them on a scale of one to seven .
Those who had held the hot drink were significantly more likely to rate the character as a warm person .
But the warmth of the drink had no impact on how the participants judged other personality traits .
Selfishness
In a second study , 53 people were asked to hold heated or frozen therapeutic pads believing they were evaluating a medical product .
Once they had completed a questionnaire about the pads they were offered a choice of a drink for themselves or a voucher they could give to a friend .
Those primed with coldness were more likely to choose a gift for themselves , while those primed with warmth were more likely to choose the gift for a friend .
It is not the first time temperature has been linked with emotion - a recent study found that people who were lonely reported feeling colder .
The researchers said the findings suggests that saying that someone is warm is not just a simple metaphor but a literal description of emotions such as trust , first experienced between mother and child during infancy .
" When we ask whether someone is a warm person or cold person , they both have a temperature of 98.6 [ Farenheit , 37 Celsius ] , " said psychology Professor John Bargh from Yale University .
" These terms implicitly tap into the primitive experience of what it means to be warm and cold . "
He added that the power of temperature on character assessments has been backed up by recent brain imaging studies .
" Physical warmth can make us see others as warmer people , but also cause us to be warmer , more generous and trusting as well , " he said .
Dr Simon Moore , lecturer in psychology at London Metropolitan University said similar results had been shown in other types of experiments .
For example people asked to memorise a list of words will rate the experience more positively if they are given " warm " words .
" It 's basic conditioning - warm sensations are nicer than cold sensations and if you feel something nice you transpose it on to something else . "
He added : " It would be interesting to test someone 's personality first - I would think the more suggestible they are the greater the effect of the warm cup or cold cup . "
UK research done for the National Lottery has found that friendships may be the key to happiness .
People with at least 10 close friends are likely to be happier than those with fewer than five .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Barack Obama ’s campaign “ infomercial ” was the most - watched telecast in U.S. prime time on Wednesday , drawing an “ American Idol ” - size audience that easily eclipsed even the climax to baseball ’s World Series .
More than 33.5 million viewers tuned in to watch the Democratic presidential nominee ’s paid 30 - minute message , aired on three major broadcast networks and four smaller channels , Nielsen Media Research reported on Thursday .
The three big networks alone , CBS , NBC and Fox , accounted for 25.5 million viewers combined -- 1.2 million more than they drew in the same half hour a week ago , Nielsen said .
By comparison , 19.8 million viewers watched the conclusion to baseball ’s World Series championship as the Philadelphia Phillies defeated the Tampa Bay Rays .
The game , ranking as the night ’s No. 2 broadcast , was carried by Fox following Obama ’s multi-network commercial .
Fox likewise is home to U.S. television ’s No. 1 series , “ American Idol , ” which averaged more than 28 million viewers weekly last season .
But the Illinois senator ’s infomercial audience was dwarfed by ratings for the three recent debates between Obama and Republican rival John McCain , which averaged 57.4 million viewers on 11 networks .
More than 38 million tuned in to see Obama ’s speech accepting the Democratic nomination in August .
The infomercial blended pre-taped segments of Obama directly addressing viewers with a video montage of the nominee on the campaign trail and ordinary Americans talking about their economic struggles .
Opening with a shot of windblown fields of grain , it concluded with Obama addressing a live campaign rally in Florida .
TV critics gave generally positive reviews of the ad , with The Washington Post ’s Tom Shales calling it reminiscent in tone and texture of the “ Morning in America ” campaign ad produced for President Ronald Reagan ’s re-election bid in 1984 .
The Obama piece was a throwback to a political advertising format that was common in the 1950s and ‘ 60s .
It marked the first such paid national political telecast since independent candidate Ross Perot ran one on the eve of the 1996 election , drawing nearly 22.7 million viewers on three networks .
A series of similar ads supporting his 1992 White House bid averaged 11.6 million viewers .
Obama ’s campaign paid an estimated $ 1 million per network for its 30 - minute spot , which gave both CBS and NBC a double - digit ratings boost over their regular series programing in the same half hour a week ago .
Obama ’s guest appearance later that night on the “ The Daily Show with Jon Stewart ” likewise lifted that Comedy Central cable network program to its biggest audience ever -- 3.6 million viewers .
But admits that Army will have access to weapons and tanks during homeland patrols
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet
Thursday , October 2 , 2008
Following the alarming admission that active duty U.S. Army would be on call to deal with “ civil unrest ” inside the United States from October 1st , the US Northern Command ( USNORTHCOM ) has publicly denied that troops will engage in law enforcement duties , but concedes that forces will be armed with both non-lethal and lethal weapons as well as having access to tanks .
As we highlighted last week , a September 8 Army Times report stated that active duty troops from the 3rd Infantry Division ’s 1st Brigade Combat Team returning from Iraq would be on call as a “ federal response force for natural or manmade emergencies and disasters , including terrorist attacks , ” for a period of 12 months from October 1st .
The purpose of the unit ’s patrols , according to the article , includes helping “ with civil unrest and crowd control or to deal with potentially horrific scenarios such as massive poisoning and chaos in response to a chemical , biological , radiological , nuclear or high - yield explosive , or CBRNE , attack . ”
However , a NorthCom official , presumably responding to reports featured on this website and others , publicly denies that troops will be used to police Americans .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ This response force will not be called upon to help with law enforcement , civil disturbance or crowd control , but will be used to support lead agencies involved in saving lives , relieving suffering and meeting the needs of communities affected by weapons of mass destruction attacks , accidents or even natural disasters , ” Army Col .
Michael Boatner , USNORTHCOM future operations division chief , told Homeland Security Today .
We also learn that the troops will be under the operational control of USNORTHCOM ’s Joint Force Land Component Command under US Army North , headquartered in San Antonio , Texas .
The operational headquarters of the response force is at Fort Monroe , Virginia .
The original Army Times report also stated that the use of non-lethal weapons against Americans would be a possibility , but a retraction has now been issued stating that the forces would not use nonlethal weaponry domestically .
However , Democracy Now ’s Amy Goodman was told by Air Force Lt. Col.
Jamie Goodpaster , a public affairs officer for Northern Command , that “ Military forces would have weapons on - site , “ containerized , ” she said — that is , stored in containers — including both lethal and so - called nonlethal weapons .
They would have mostly wheeled vehicles , but would also , she said , have access to tanks .
She said that use of weapons would be made at a higher level , perhaps at the secretary of defense level . ”
As Goodman writes in an editorial for the Seattle Post - Intelligencer , “ Talk of trouble on U.S. streets is omnipresent now , with the juxtaposition of Wall Street and Main Street .
The financial crisis we face remains obscure to most people ; titans of business and government officials assure us that the financial system is “ on the brink , ” that a massive bailout is necessary , immediately , to prevent a disaster .
Conservative and progressive members of Congress , at the insistence of constituents , blocked the initial plan .
If the economy does collapse , if people ca n’t go down to the bank to withdraw their savings , or get cash from an ATM , there may be serious “ civil unrest , ” and the “ sea - smurfs ” may be called upon sooner than we imagine to assist with “ crowd control . ”
The use of U.S. troops in law enforcment duties is a complete violation of the Posse Comitatus Act and the Insurrection Act , which substantially limit the powers of the federal government to use the military for law enforcement unless under precise and extreme circumstances .
Section 1385 of the Posse Comitatus
Act states , “ Whoever , except in cases and under circumstances expressly authorized by the Constitution or Act of Congress , willfully uses any part of the Army or the Air Force as a posse comitatus or otherwise to execute the laws shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than two years , or both . ”
Under the John Warner Defense Authorization Act , signed by President Bush on October 17 , 2006 , the law was changed to state , “ The President may employ the armed forces to restore public order in any State of the United States the President determines hinders the execution of laws or deprives people of a right , privilege , immunity , or protection named in the Constitution and secured by law or opposes or obstructs the execution of the laws of the United States or impedes the course of justice under those laws . ”
However , these changes were repealed in their entirety by HR 4986 : National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 , reverting back to the original state of the Insurrection Act of 1807 .
Despite this repeal , President Bush attached a signing statement saying that he did not feel bound by the repeal .
The original text of the Insurrection Act severely limits the power of the President to deploy troops within the United States .
For troops to be deployed , a condition has to exist that , “ (1 ) So hinders the execution of the laws of that State , and of the United States within the State , that any part or class of its people is deprived of a right , privilege , immunity , or protection named in the Constitution and secured by law , and the constituted authorities of that State are unable , fail , or refuse to protect that right , privilege , or immunity , or to give that protection ; or ( 2 ) opposes or obstructs the execution of the laws of the United States or impedes the course of justice under those laws .
In any situation covered by clause ( 1 ) , the State shall be considered to have denied the equal protection of the laws secured by the Constitution . ”
This article was posted : Thursday , October 2 , 2008 at 3:56 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Buying what you need for a kitchen can be daunting .
Visit any kitchen or discount store and you ’ll see gizmos and gadgets galore , many of which look like medieval torture devices .
Some of them are lifesavers–others , things that will probably just take up space in a drawer somewhere .
The good news is , you do n’t need a ton of expensive tools to get the job done .
I ’ve got five essential kitchen tools that will get you on track to cook a plethora of dishes , without cluttering your kitchen , and , if you ’ve got the bucks , four others that are immensely useful .
Check them out , after the jump …
High - quality chef ’s knife .
You must , must , must have a good knife that you can use on virtually anything .
It should have a trusty blade with a sharp edge , and the knife should feel good in your hand - heavy with a grip that fits your hand .
You can spend top dollar on a Shun or a Wustoff , but Cook ’s Illustrated ranked the around $ 25 Victorinox Fibrox 8 ″ chef ’s knife the best blade for your buck .
Wire whisk .
Whisks are great for so many homemade classics : gravy , sauces , soups , and dressings , as well as cake batters , scrambled eggs , and omelets .
I use a 12 ″ egg whisk like this .
Microplane .
The microplane is one of my favorite tools because it ’s so darn easy and fun .
I use it mostly for grating hard cheeses over soups and pastas , but it ’s also handy for grating fresh spices , like cinnamon or nutmeg , and is a dream come true when zesting citrus fruits .
I bought a this one after a cheaper one broke on me .
Cast Iron Skillet .
I ’ll admit , this one terrified me , and it took me a while to buck up and commit .
So heavy .
So hard - to - clean .
Actually , so awesome .
Cast iron conducts heat like nobody ’s business , creates awesome fond ( the basis of great sauces and flavors ) , and is actually really easy to take care of once you season it ( which is quite easy ) .
Watch the sales –I picked up a great one at Kohl ’s for less than $ 20 .
Tongs .
Do not , I repeat , DO NOT get tongs that do n’t use spring tension .
Do not pass go .
Do not collect $ 200 .
For some reason , I picked up a set of tons without a spring .
They ’re totally worthless to me , and I never use them .
Spring - loaded ?
I used them all the time for flipping things , picking things out of pans , basically transferring anything hot from one place to another .
Bonus : you can pinch people with them .
Hard .
And those second four if you ’ve got the cash ?
Spend $ 10 on a razor - sharp paring knife .
I love the Kuhn Rikon paring knife because it ’s insanely sharp and in super - cute colors .
Of course I have a green one , and I use it for everything .
Silicone spoonula .
These are great for getting the last bit of food out of jars and stirring just about anything you ’re whipping up on a stove .
Mini food - processor .
Big ones can be pricy , but I ’ve gotten along with a four - cup Cusinart Mini - Prep ( $ 50 ) that does dirty work for such a little machine .
I use it for grinding up nuts , pesto , salsa–anything that needs a quick , thorough chop or mince .
Huge time - saver when you ’ve got a lot of chopping to do .
Angled measuring cup .
A standard measuring cup , but with an angled edge on the inside that allows you to see what you ’re measuring by looking down at the cup , instead of having to stoop down to check the side .
They ’re inexpensive , too–less than $ 10 .
The great thing about almost all of these products ?
Take care of them , and they ’ll last a lifetime .
Readers : what are you must - have kitchen tools for eating and drinking better ?
LONDON ( MarketWatch ) -- Kenneth Rogoff , the former chief economist of the International Monetary Fund , reportedly said Tuesday that a large U.S. bank will collapse in the next few months .
" We 're not just going to see mid-sized banks go under in the next few months , we 're going to see a whopper , we 're going to see a big one , one of the big investment banks or big banks , " Rogoff told a conference in Singapore , according to a Reuters report .
We ’re hearing that lousy times are good times for creativity , for building new things , precisely because the mainstream things are n’t working .
Well , and maybe you ’re out of a job too .
If you ’re building something new , who should you build it for ?
[ This is part of the Tough Times series . ]
Build It For Yourself !
·
This is a point I ’ve made before in this blog , but recently , Steve Yegge made it again , brilliantly I thought , plus he ’s funny .
On the other hand he ’s extremely long - winded and it took him several thousand words .
So I ’ll summarize here ; but I ’m nowhere near as entertaining as Steve .
How BigCos Do It ·
When big organizations sit down to design new products , they put in huge amounts of time obsessing about who the users are and how to meet those people ’s needs .
One common practice — strongly identified with Microsoft — is inventing some fictional “ real people ” who are going to be the users , giving them names and personalities and strengths and weaknesses , then reasoning about product features in terms of how these people will react to them and use them .
All of which mostly does n’t work .
Most successful innovative new products are n’t produced by large organizations , they ’re cooked up by little startups or , if in a big company , by guerrilla groups in skunkworks mode .
Who Do You Really Know ? ·
It ’s like this :
There ’s only one person in the world whose needs and problems you really understand and whom you know exactly how to satisfy : that would be you .
So build something that you use all the time , and , unless you ’re really weird and different from everyone else , you ’ve got a potential winner .
I can relate to this message myself .
Everything I ’ve done over the years that ’s worked out well — software , standards , writing — everything , without exception , was something I did for myself .
I ’ve done the other thing too : built things based on guesses about what people out there might want or need .
Never worked , not once .
I bet if you did a survey of successful musicians , artists , writers , or any group of creatives , you ’d hear the same story .
Sometimes you can guess what people want , and you might get lucky .
But probably not , so go ahead and build what you know for sure one person needs .
Has anyone said yet that it looks like a Europa ?
I kid .
Why could n't Dodge have based it on the Razor concept ?
I mean , I like the Lotus look better , but basing it on the Razor would n't bring out all of the haters .
Or , at least , not as many .
As much as I do n't like reading through comments 20 at a time ( versus the old 100 ) , I can deal with the " classic view " , but would prefer that to be the default , so I do n't have to keep clicking on it when I go to read comments .
I agree that the " threaded view " is too much of a clusterf ...
Aaaanyway ....
So where are all of the proponents of threaded blogs now ?
I seem to recall plenty of pleas for threaded formatting to make tracing replies easier ?
Be careful what you wish for , I suppose .
Applying for scholarships can be confusing if you have no experience with it , but if you break the process down into these following steps , you can see exactly how to find money for college and win awards over the competition .
Step 1 : Search for Scholarships
Use any one of the free scholarship search engines on the internet :
Profile - based Scholarship searches :
ScholarshipExperts –
One of the highest quality scholarship search engines is available for free at ScholarshipExperts .
This site has been around for many years and as time goes on it lists more and more programs for you based on exactly what you ’re eligible for .
When you register an account with these free services , you ’ll be asked to fill out a student profile including education history , intended major , group memberships , awards , test scores , etc …
Based on the answers in your profile , the website software will direct you toward scholarships and contests that you ’re eligible for .
Search - based Scholarship Services :
Free College Blog –
No registration college scholarship search
– No registration college scholarship search FreschInfo.com – Provides another free search - based scholarship finder
These search - based scholarship searches do n’t require the student to fill out a registration or permanent profile , instead they allow the students to search for specific topics related to eligibility for scholarships like major , awards , or really anything like what you would otherwise fill in at the profile sites .
Step 2 : Identify which eligible scholarships you should apply for
Just because you are eligible for the scholarship , that does n’t mean it is worth spending your time to apply for it !
Many scholarships and contests are open to broad parts of the student population .
Some might have requirements like a 2.0 GPA and legal residency in the USA .
If everyone who can get into college is eligible for the award and winners are selected by a random draw , there ’s nothing you can really do to improve your odds of winning .
So , if everyone is eligible , its probably worth it to just fill out a form or two and have your name entered .
But beware of such contests that want lengthy essays it may not be a good use of your time if tens of hundreds of thousands of other college students are applying for the same contest .
If an award describes a much more specific set of eligibility characteristics and you ’re included , then this is the type of scholarship you definitely want to print out and learn more about .
Step 3 : Review the Sponsor ’s requirements
Make a checklist of every part of the application .
Take note of every essay question , required letter , and required transcript .
Pay special attention to the number of copies of the application that the sponsor requires – many times they want one complete application for each member of the scholarship review committee .
This can get up to seven or eight copies of a multi-page application !
This is another big reason you should n’t try to apply for every scholarship you can , just the printing costs can get significant after chasing a few prestigious awards .
Step 4 : Complete the Application
When you ’re absolutely sure of everything the scholarship provider requires , start the actual application .
If there is a specific form they want filled out , make sure you download the most recent version and get it printed out , or pick one up from your school ’s guidance or financial aid departments .
Presentation matters , so use an erasable pen or have some white - out handy .
Scratched out text is n’t going to convey the professional image you want to put forth !
When it comes to essay questions about more general topics , make sure to tie in your personal goals and career plans .
If you show a bigger concept of how certain ideals or philosophies relate to what you want to accomplish through education , it will help you out big time compared to other applicants .
Step 5 : Find Someone to Proof the Application
Even if you think you ’ve got the perfect application ready , find someone older who can help proof it for common spelling and grammar mistakes .
Also ask them to review the application requirements and confirm that everything is present .
Parents , teachers , and guidance counselors can be a big help in this final phase .
Remember to keep an eye on deadline dates and do n’t put this off to the last minute .
Many scholarship providers require the application to be received by the deadline date , so you ’ll have to add at least a week or two for mail if its long distance .
Step 6 : Collect some scholarship money ( maybe )
Scholarships are typically not guaranteed , in fact most non-government scholarships that claim to be guaranteed are likely to be scholarship scams ( ESPECIALLY if they want payment up front ) .
Apply for multiple scholarships , because competition will be significant .
It may not sound like much , but if you set aside time to apply for two scholarships each month , that is a total of 24 chances every year .
By the time you graduate college , you ’ll have applied for nearly 100 scholarships !
( Well , as you get higher in the college years , it will be harder to find awards but they are still out there in the form of paid internships , essay contests , science contests , etc … )
Advertisements
Libertarian presidential candidate Bob Barr drew an interesting comparison today between the domestic spying of the Chinese government during the upcoming Olympics , and the domestic spying of the Bush administration on U.S. citizens .
“ The Olympics is about to begin in China , but visitors will find themselves living under the same restrictions on their liberties as Chinese citizens .
The government is forcing foreign - owned hotels to install software to spy on guests ’ internet use .
The U.S. State Department says both phone calls and emails are subject to surveillance and warns that tourists ‘ have no reasonable expectation of privacy in public or private locations . ’
It sounds an awful lot like America today , ” Barr said .
He then discussed our government ’s power to spy , “ Obviously our government is not the same as the communist government in Beijing .
But our government has acquired from Congress — and sometimes simply seized on its own — the power to electronically surveil citizens ’ phone calls and e-mails .
Under the Patriot Act and the just - expanded Foreign Surveillance Intelligence Act , the federal government can search our homes and computers and monitor our phone conversations and internet use with minimal – if any– outside oversight .
..
Indeed , the president of the United States claims that he can designate an American living in America as an “ enemy combatant ” and thereby deny him any rights under the Constitution , ” Barr said .
Advertisements
Barr also pointed out the hypocrisy , of those who criticize China , but support domestic spying in the United States , “ American legislators have been expressing outrage at China ’s behavior , but many of them voted to authorize the U.S. government to spy on American citizens .
America ’s reputation , and its credibility to challenge other governments for human rights abuses , has been badly damaged by the U.S. government ’s assault on the civil liberties and privacy of Americans in our country . ”
I was more than a little skeptical about Barr ’s intentions when he ran for the Libertarian Party ’s nomination , but he is turning out to be an excellent candidate .
Barr is correct on so many levels here .
The Bush administration has trashed our right to privacy , and both the Democrats and Republicans who voted for the Patriot Act and FISA have no room to talk about China ’s domestic spying .
Neither Obama nor McCain want to talk about this issue , which is why I think we need to have Ralph Nader and Bob Barr in the debates .
Maybe we do n’t have both of them at every debate together .
I propose that they both would be allowed to participate in one debate , and they would each alternate in the other two debates .
I know that both parties are loathe to give American voters real choices , so the odds of this happening is zero , but doing so would restore a little bit of democracy back to our political process .
Activist slaps Palin with lawsuit over private emails Andrew McLemore
Published : Saturday October 4 , 2008
Print This Email This A Republican activist has filed a lawsuit against Gov. Sarah Palin in an attempt to access official correspondences sent with Palin 's private e-mail accounts , The Washington Post reported Saturday .
The activist , Andree McLeod , filed the suit in Alaska Superior Court and publicized it with a press release that criticized the Republican vice presidential candidate .
" Rather than using her state e-mail account , throughout her two - year tenure as Governor of Alaska , defendant Sarah Palin , as a matter of routine , has used , and , on information and belief , continues to use , ( at least ) two private e-mail accounts ... to conduct official business of the State of Alaska , " the suit alleges .
McLeod received four boxes of redacted e-mails after filing an open record request that was initially rejected by the governor .
But Palin withheld 1,100 other e-mails from private accounts , claiming the information was subject to executive privilege .
The governor and her staff have no legal obligation to divulge policy deliberations to the public , but the presence of her husband Todd Palin , who has no formal role in her administration , belies concerns that the contents of the e-mails are strictly state business .
McLeod said she believes Palin and her staff nurtured a " culture of corruption " where no one in her administration was held accountable to rules of transparency in government .
" The extent of the use of these private e-mail accounts demonstrates the extent of deception that the governor is operating under , " McLeod said .
" The process is corrupt .
The overall question now becomes , how did it become so broken that nobody could tell her , ' Do n't do that . '
That 's why I 'm going to the courts . "
A subpoena has been issued for Sarah Palin and Todd Palin as part of an investigation into abuse - of - power allegations , the Associated Press reported .
Todd Palin said Saturday he is now planning to speak to an investigator after previously refusing to answer a subpoena against him .
His concession came shortly after a judge 's decision Friday to toss a suit brought by Republican legislators who claimed the probe had been tainted by partisan politics in an attempt to damage Palin before the November election , the Associated Press reported .
Gov. Palin has been accused of pressuring Alaska Public Safety Commissioner Walt Monegan in an effort to fire a state trooper with whom Palin has a personal complaint .
Palin fired Monegan early this summer .
The following is an excerpt from Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas 's Wriston Lecture to the Manhattan Institute last Thursday :
When John F. Kennedy said in his inaugural address , " Ask not what your country can do for you -- ask what you can do for your country , " we heard his words with ears that had been conditioned to receive this message and hearts that did not resist it .
We heard it surrounded by fellow citizens who had known lives of sacrifice and hardships from war , the Great Depression and segregation .
All around ...
James Laing , a partner at Strutt & Parker in London , which is selling both the Kelling and Westacre estates , said yesterday : " It is very unusual for an estate like this to come to the market .
Props : Strikeforce
Quoteworthy :
" It ’s gonna be an explosive fight .
I heard Tyra ’s really aggressive and good on the ground so it should be very exciting for the fans . "
" The Dean of Mean , " " The Hungarian Nightmare , " " Lights Out , " " The Iceman , " " The Arm Collector , " " The Baby Faced Assassin , " " The Axe Murderer " ...
Some fighters do a decent job of living up to their nicknames , but Michelle " The Karate Hottie " Waterson ( pictured above ) takes the cake .
Oh yeah , the former bikini model will take on Tyra Parker tomorrow night on the Strikeforce : " Payback " card , which takes place at the Broomfield Events Center in Denver , Colorado and will air live on HDNet beginning at 10 p.m. ET .
Yum .
Check out the full press release after the jump .
" Karate Hottie " Ready To Explode At Strikeforce " Payback "
SAN JOSE , Calif .
— To the naked eye , Michelle Waterson looks more like she should be gracing the pages of Maxim rather than beating up on opponents in caged combat .
Just like the old cliché " looks can be deceiving " goes though , it turns out that the petite , 22 year old , otherwise known as the " Karate Hottie , " packs as much firepower as she does gorgeous looks .
Waterson , a former bikini model and native of Aurora , Colorado , has been throwing kicks and punches since the age of 10 when she took her first Karate class and , on Friday , she will attempt to give her hometown fans a dose of brutal theatrics when she makes her seventh professional start in mixed martial arts ( MMA ) competition at Broomfield Event Center .
" It ’s gonna be an explosive fight , " said Waterson , who will face Tyra Parker on the 10 - bout Strikeforce " Payback " card .
The matchup will mark Waterson ’s debut with the growing Strikeforce organization .
" I heard Tyra ’s really aggressive and good on the ground so it should be very exciting for the fans . "
As a contestant on the 2007 Oxygen network series , " Fight Girls , " a reality program that gave female kickboxers the opportunity to train and battle one another while living at a Las Vegas , Nevada martial arts camp , Waterson introduced herself to a national audience .
" It was a great experience , " said Waterson of the time she spent filming the show .
"
It helped me become a stronger person and helped me learn how to deal with problems on my own .
It also showed me that fighting is not just physical , but also mental . "
Shortly before the TV stint , Waterson , who is half American and half
Thai by descent , took a trip to Thailand where she fell in love with the country ’s national sport – Muay Thai ( Thai kickboxing ) .
It was the culmination of her past experiences in martial arts and her burning desire to excel at the sport of MMA that , a year and a half ago , led her to Albuquerque , New Mexico , where she has taken up residence to train under Greg Jackson , guru of one of the most finely tuned fight teams in the country .
" I needed to come here to take my career to the next level , " explained Waterson .
" I ’ve learned how to grapple on the ground and use my wrestling as a weapon .
I ’m a much more well - rounded fighter now .
Her work with Team Jackson produced dividends five weeks ago when she forced an opponent to submit from an armbar just 22 seconds into their bout .
" Albuquerque has become a second home for me , and the Jackson team has become my family . "
Tickets for Strikeforce " Payback , " priced from $ 30 , are on sale at Ticketmaster ( 303-830 - TIXS ) and Ticketmaster.com
In the main event of the 10 - bout card , knockout artist and Denver native , Duane " Bang " Ludwig ( 16 - 8 ) , will attempt to avenge a previous knockout at the hands of " The Ultimate Fighter " season three veteran , Sam " The Squeeze " Morgan ( 19 - 10 ) .
Superstar Frank " Twinkle Toes " Trigg ( 17 - 6 ) will take on Hawaiian submission expert , Falaniko " Niko " Vitale ( 26 - 8 ) , in a featured middleweight ( 185 lb. limit ) contest .
Broomfield Event Center doors will open for Strikeforce " Payback " at 5:30 PM MST and the preliminary card will begin at 6:30 PM MST .
The main card will commence at 8 PM MST .
If Apple really wo n't allow apps that resemble its own onto the iPhone , it 's terrible news for everybody .
Including Apple .
Back in March , I attended one of the more exciting Apple press events I ’ve ever been to –the one in which Steve Jobs and company unveiled their plans for the iPhone SDK and App Store .
Jobs showed off the iPhone platform , introduced the App Store and explained how it worked , noted that it would be the only way to distribute iPhone applications , and said that Apple would make the final decision on which apps were and were n’t acceptable .
Here ’s a brief highlight reel from the March event at Apple headquarters , with Jobs touching on some of these points :
When I heard Jobs say that Apple would n’t distribute each and every iPhone application that developers wrote , I thought to myself that such a policy was both inevitable and logical–but that it also had the potential of hobbling the platform , if Apple ’s approval process was unclear or too motivated by self interests or the interests of carriers .
I ’m realizing now that I was n’t anywhere near paranoid enough about the implications of what Steve Jobs said .
Since the App Store debuted in July , Apple has apparently listed then delisted ( then relisted then delisted ) Netshare , an application for tethering the iPhone to a laptop as a modem .
I ca n’t get too irate , since the app seems to clearly violate AT&T ’s terms of service .
It listed , delisted , and relisted Box Office , a movie review app .
I have n’t seen an explanation of what happened there , so I ’ll reserve judgment .
It listed then delisted the infamous
It listed then delisted the infamous I Am Rich $ 1000 application .
I was kinda amused by the prank but understand opposing viewpoints .
It nixed an app called Pull My Finger .
I would n’t go to the mat to defend it .
But the latest hubbub involving the App Store ’s refusal to list an application concerns Podcaster , a program for listening to podcasts .
According to the developer , Apple told him that the program was rejected because it duplicates functionality that exists in iTunes .
( Only partially true , apparently : Podcaster would have let you download podcasts directly to the iPhone , bypassing iTunes –which would have been extremely handy . )
Telling a developer that his app has been rejected for duplicating features in an Apple application would seem to be another way of saying that iPhone developers are n’t allowed to compete with Apple .
If so , that ’s disastrous for developers and disastrous for iPhone users .
And , potentially , disastrous for Apple .
Way back when , if software distribution for the Mac had been handled via a Mac App Store with a don’t - duplicate - Apple - products policy , Photoshop might have been refused distribution on the grounds that it was too similar to MacPaint .
A Mac platform that had n’t gotten Photoshop might well have been a Mac platform that died some time in the mid-1990s or so .
As iPhone developer Fraser Spiers says , Apple ’s policy of rejecting applications only after they ’ve been submitted means that anyone whose written an app that gets nixed has wasted his or her time .
( Daring Fireball ’s John Gruber also has insightful comments . )
If that app was porn or malware , no problem .
But as far as I can tell , Apple has not published any clear statement of acceptable and unacceptable applications .
And telling a developer that he can’t duplicate functionality in an Apple application is n’t just ridiculous ; it ’s a policy that the company has n’t articulated until now .
Unless , that is , you count the “ Unforseen ” item in Apple ’s original list of limitations as giving it carte blanche to reject any application at any time for any reason :
Strangely enough , I ’m not entirely pessimistic here .
Apple ’s actions to date with the App Store have involved repeated instances of it apparently not understanding its own policies , and therefore allowing applications in and then deleting them , or deleting them and then allowing them back in .
There are other applications in the store that come as close to duplicating Apple efforts as Podcaster apparently does–such as Evernote , which is sort of a Web - enabled version of Apple ’s Notes apps .
I ’m hopeful , therefore , that the Podcaster rejection was a weird fluke that Apple will undo shortly .
The company should also publish a detailed list of policies relating to App Store acceptance , so both developers and users know what ’s kosher .
It should have some sort of mechanism for developers to gain tentative approval for an application ’s function , so they do n’t waste time writing something that Apple would never accept .
And the company just has to make clear to the world that it wo n’t reject apps because they ’re vaguely similar to its own efforts–or , for that matter , very similar .
It could also resolve just about every issue relating to app approval by ending its monopoly on iPhone application distribution .
You gotta think there are ways to do this without introducing apps into the iPhone ecosystem that would take down AT&T ’s network or spread malware –presumably third - party e-commerce companies like Handango would kill for the ability to become authorized iPhone app stores , and would behave in an entirely responsible fashion if they had that option .
I believe that Apple will eventually open up iPhone app distribution –in the long term , it simply makes too much sense for everyone involved not too .
I just wish I had a better handle on when it might happen .
Not very soon , I ’d guess .
Meanwhile , as a podcast fan who does n’t sync his iPhone all that often , I very much wish that iPhone users , rather than Apple , had the ability to judge for themselves whether Podcaster is too similar to iTunes and therefore unnecessary .
Read more :
Malcolm Turnbull has seized the Liberal leadership from Brendan Nelson after winning this morning 's party room ballot by 45 votes to 41 .
Julie Bishop was unopposed and will remain as deputy leader .
Dr Nelson called the spill late yesterday in a move designed to surprise Mr Turnbull , who had been on holiday in Italy last week .
Dr Nelson has held the leadership since last November , when he won the job in a vote against Mr Turnbull by 45 votes to 42 .
Dr Nelson 's supporters say they are disappointed but will now back Mr Turnbull , who now becomes the third Liberal leader in less than a year .
Liberal Senate leader Nick Minchin says he will support Mr Turnbull as leader , even though he voted for Dr Nelson .
Senator Minchin says Dr Nelson was not given enough time to prove his leadership abilities .
" I thought he deserved to have more time to try to establish his credentials and his authority as leader , but I respect the majority will of the party , " he said .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has congratulated Mr Turnbull and says he looks forward to working with him on national challenges , especially Australia 's move towards a republic .
Meteoric rise
The ascension to the leadership caps Mr Turnbull 's meteoric rise through the Liberal ranks .
He came into parliament four years ago after winning the inner Sydney seat of Wentworth .
He has been a journalist , barrister and a merchant banker in previous careers and was well known as the face of the republican movement .
Romney , a Shadow Veep ?
It ’s been hard this week not to consider that Mitt Romney , who knows something about finance and markets , might have been a handy running mate for John McCain .
In fact , McCain has been making good use of his former political foe .
While Sarah Palin was turning heads of state , McCain met with Romney and an eclectic group of economic advisers from the private sector .
This morning , I called Romney ( who 's in Michigan today ) to ask about his thoughts on the crisis .
First things first :
Romney does not want to serve in the Cabinet .
“ I watched my father in that job . ” ( George Romney was housing secretary under Nixon ) .
“ He had 27 - year - olds in the White House telling him what to do , then faced bureaucrats who would n’t move .
It was pretty frustrating .
I think I can do more on the outside encouraging policies that make a difference . ”
He also does n’t wish to serve on any oversight entity created to administer the bailout .
Strike that .
The “ stabilization . ”
He was insistent on not using “ bailout ” because “ no one has any interest in bailing out fat cats who made bad decisions . ”
The purpose of the bill is to stabilize the financial sector so the economy does n’t collapse .
On administering the stabilization funds : “ Please do n’t nominate me .
No one wants that job .
If you succeed , they say , well , we gave you $ 700 billion , of course you succeeded .
If you do n’t succeed , well , you ca n’t win . ”
Romney lamented that there is n’t more time -- a couple of months , preferably -- to hammer out a structure for the stabilization bill .
But time , he said , is of the essence .
Without money to lend to buyers , the economy stops .
He also made clear that although he does not forecast another Great Depression -- in contrast to Palin ’s suggestion to Katie Couric yesterday -- we still face economic distress .
The $ 700 billion , which is designed only to keep the credit system alive , is necessary but not sufficient .
“ Our tax policies , energy policies , education policies , investment strategies -- all are going to have to be tuned up . ”
I do n’t care how many times Romney changed his mind about embryos .
Timing really is everything .
If this week ’s crisis had occurred in January , Romney might be leading the Republican presidential ticket .
If it had happened in August , we might never have learned the difference between a pit bull and a hockey mom .
They say it ’s never too late to correct a mistake .
And mavericks , well , you never know what they ’ll do next .
There is a piece of code that shows up more than 80 % of the controllers that I write , and it goes a little something like this :
class UsersController < ApplicationController def user @user ||= User.find ( params [ :id ] ) end helper_method : user end 1 class UsersController & lt ; ApplicationController def user @ user || = User . find ( params [ : id ] ) end helper_method : user end
A simple memoization method to allow me to easily grab the parameter - referred user in all of my actions .
If I ’m using nested routes , that means I can write two , maybe three of these methods into a controller .
I ’m basically using slight variations on the same code 20 different times in an application .
Since we live in a world that loves to be DRY , I thought , “ I can do better . ”
Fetches : Memoizing Your Parameter Record Retrieval
Fetches is a simple extension to ActionController that lets you simply define those kinds of fetch methods on a one - line command .
For the example above , I can rewrite it like so :
class UsersController < ApplicationController fetches :user end 1 class UsersController & lt ; ApplicationController fetches : user end
That ’s pretty useful !
Not only can I call the “ user ” method from the controller , but it ’s automatically helperized so that I can use the same call in my views .
Of course , there are times when more advanced fetching is called for , say using a method other than find or storing to a different variable name .
Let ’s take a look at a slightly more complex example :
# assuming a route like /users /: user_id/ articles / : id class ArticlesController < ApplicationController fetches :user , : as => :author , : from => : user_id , :using => : find_by_login fetches : article end 1 # assuming a route like /users /: user_id/ articles / : id class ArticlesController < ApplicationController fetches :user , : as => :author , : from => : user_id , :using => : find_by_login fetches : article end
Now if I were to call “ author ” in any of my controller actions , it would be equivalent to User.find_by_login( params [ : user_id ] ) .
Similarly , calling “ article ” is equivalent to Article. find ( params [ : id ] ) .
The “ from ” option can also take a Proc in case your fetching is not simply a parameter key :
class UsersController < ApplicationController fetches :user , : from => Proc.new{ |c| c.params [ :user_id ] || c.params [ : id ] } end 1 class UsersController & lt ; ApplicationController fetches : user , : from =& gt ; Proc .
new { | c | c . params [ : user_id ] || c . params [ : id ] } end
The main advantages to fetches are brevity , clarity and DRYness .
I ’ve found that this method covers every use case for parameter - based fetching that I ’ve needed , and as such provides a much simpler , more readable , and shorter way to fetch models for use in your controller and views .
Installation
Fetches is available as a gem as well as in traditional plugin format .
To install
as a gem , add this to your environment.rb :
config.gem ' mbleigh - fetches ' , : source => ' http://gems.github.com', : lib => " fetches " 1 config . gem ' mbleigh - fetches ' , : source =& gt ; ' http://gems.github.com' , : lib =& gt ; " fetches "
To install it as a traditional plugin :
script / plugin install git://github.com/mbleigh/fetches.git 1 script / plugin install git : //github.com/mbleigh/fetches.git
Resources
The source is available on GitHub , the Acts As Community project is there for general discussion , and the Lighthouse is there for bugs and feature suggestions .
UPDATE : A commenter requested that the plugin be able to handle creation of new records in addition to fetching existing records .
I have added in the :initialize option to do just this .
Examples :
A recent study finds that one chemical ’s emissions are four times more common in the atmosphere than previously thought , and thousands of times more effective at trapping heat than Carbon Dioxide .
[ social_buttons ]
What is this mystery gas ?
Nitrogen trifluoride .
Nitrogen trifluoride is one of several gases used during the manufacture of certain computer and television screens , and also in thin - film photovoltaic cells .
Oh my .
Once again we run into the old dilemma : the manufacturing of the very thing meant to solve a crisis , is actually adding to the crisis .
Many industries used Nitrogen triflouride as a replacement for perfluorocarbons , another type of potent greenhouse gas .
At the time it was thought that only about 2 percent of the nitrogen trifluoride used in manufacturing , escaped into the atmosphere .
Nitrogen trifluoride is about 17,000 times more powerful at trapping heat than carbon dioxide .
However , emissions of the gas currently add up to only about 0.15 percent of the total human - produced global warming effect .
It is estimated that the amount of this gas in the atmosphere is increasing by about 11 percent per year .
Carbon Dioxide is still , however , the main gas contributing to global warming .
Using new technology , a research team in California funded by Nasa , discovered that there are thousands more metric tons of the chemical in the atmosphere , than was previously thought .
Because the gas is used so frequently , and it ’s dangers are not that well known , scientists have now recommended adding nitrogen trifluoride to the greenhouse gases regulated by the Kyoto Protocol .
Source : LiveScience
Photo : Wikimedia Commons
Blog Archive March 2016 ( 1 ) February 2016 ( 5 ) January 2016 ( 107 ) December 2015 ( 90 ) November 2015 ( 86 ) October 2015 ( 90 ) September 2015 ( 89 ) August 2015 ( 92 ) July 2015 ( 86 ) June 2015 ( 70 ) May 2015 ( 90 ) April 2015 ( 87 ) March 2015 ( 90 ) February 2015 ( 82 ) January 2015 ( 92 ) December 2014 ( 79 ) November 2014 ( 72 ) October 2014 ( 70 ) September 2014 ( 75 ) August 2014 ( 80 ) July 2014 ( 76 ) June 2014 ( 69 ) May 2014 ( 71 ) April 2014 ( 80 ) March 2014 ( 96 ) February 2014 ( 86 ) January 2014 ( 94 ) December 2013 ( 93 ) November 2013 ( 80 ) October 2013 ( 85 ) September 2013 ( 86 ) August 2013 ( 83 ) July 2013 ( 82 ) June 2013 ( 70 ) May 2013 ( 82 ) April 2013 ( 85 ) March 2013 ( 100 ) February 2013 ( 83 ) January 2013 ( 88 ) December 2012 ( 84 ) November 2012 ( 84 ) October 2012 ( 88 ) September 2012 ( 91 ) August 2012 ( 87 ) July 2012 ( 98 ) June 2012 ( 107 ) May 2012 ( 107 ) April 2012 ( 89 ) March 2012 ( 99 ) February 2012 ( 97 ) January 2012 ( 122 ) December 2011 ( 108 ) November 2011 ( 146 ) October 2011 ( 118 ) September 2011 ( 125 ) August 2011 ( 156 ) July 2011 ( 112 ) June 2011 ( 100 ) May 2011 ( 102 ) April 2011 ( 82 ) March 2011 ( 105 ) February 2011 ( 102 ) January 2011 ( 113 ) December 2010 ( 122 ) November 2010 ( 122 ) October 2010 ( 91 ) September 2010 ( 95 ) August 2010 ( 102 ) July 2010 ( 108 ) June 2010 ( 97 ) May 2010 ( 130 ) April 2010 ( 115 ) March 2010 ( 107 ) February 2010 ( 118 ) January 2010 ( 112 ) December 2009 ( 93 ) November 2009 ( 87 ) October 2009 ( 81 ) September 2009 ( 72 ) August 2009 ( 80 ) July 2009 ( 84 ) June 2009 ( 83 ) May 2009 ( 71 ) April 2009 ( 83 ) March 2009 ( 78 ) February 2009 ( 61 ) January 2009 ( 82 ) December 2008 ( 85 ) November 2008 ( 78 ) October 2008 ( 108 ) September 2008 ( 140 ) August 2008 ( 93 ) July 2008 ( 104 ) June 2008 ( 97 ) May 2008 ( 73 ) April 2008 ( 78 ) March 2008 ( 82 ) February 2008 ( 80 ) January 2008 ( 75 ) December 2007 ( 69 ) November 2007 ( 91 ) October 2007 ( 56 ) September 2007 ( 49 ) August 2007 ( 61 ) July 2007 ( 44 ) June 2007 ( 38 ) May 2007 ( 29 ) April 2007 ( 28 ) March 2007 ( 36 ) February 2007 ( 26 ) January 2007 ( 26 ) December 2006 ( 29 ) November 2006 ( 20 ) October 2006 ( 17 ) September 2006 ( 20 ) August 2006 ( 37 ) July 2006 ( 27 ) June 2006 ( 26 ) May 2006 ( 21 ) April 2006 ( 21 ) March 2006 ( 24 ) February 2006 ( 21 ) January 2006 ( 26 ) December 2005 ( 38 ) November 2005 ( 18 ) October 2005 ( 19 ) September 2005 ( 17 ) August 2005 ( 23 ) July 2005 ( 27 ) June 2005 ( 21 ) May 2005 ( 25 ) April 2005 ( 23 ) March 2005 ( 16 )
The Real Reason for the Global Financial Crisis … the Story No One ’s Talking About
Shah Gilani writes :
Are you shell - shocked ?
Are you wondering what 's really going on in the market ?
The truth is probably more frightening than even your worst fears .
And yet , you wo n't hear about it anywhere else because “ they ” ca n't tell you .
“ They ” are the U.S. Federal Reserve and the U.S. Treasury Department , and they can't tell you what 's really going on because there 's nothing they can do about it , except what they 've been trying to do – add liquidity .
At the exchange rate yesterday ( Wednesday ) , 35 trillion British Pounds was equivalent to U.S. $ 62 trillion ( hence , the 35 trillion Pound gorilla ) .
According to the International Swaps and Derivatives Association , $ 62 trillion is the notional value of credit default swaps ( CDS ) out there , somewhere , in the market .
This is n't the first time Money Morning has warned readers about the dangers of credit default swaps .
And it wo n't be the last .
The Genesis of a Derivative Boom
In the mid-1980s , upon arriving in New York from Chicago with an extensive background trading options and futures ( the original derivatives ) , I was offered a job at what was then Citicorp [ today 's Citigroup Inc. ( C ) ] .
The offer was for an entry - level post in the bank 's brand new OTC ( over - the - counter , meaning not exchange traded ) swaps and derivatives group .
When I asked what the economic purpose of swaps was , the answer came back : “ To make money for the bank . ”
I declined the position .
It used to be that regulators and legislators demanded theoretical , empirical , and quantitative measures of the efficacy of new tradable instruments being proposed by exchanges .
What is their purpose ?
How will they benefit the capital markets and the economy ?
And , what safeguards will accompany their introduction ?
Not any more .
In the early 1990s , in order to hedge their loan risks , J. P. Morgan & Co. [ now JPMorgan Chase & Co. ( JPM ) ] bankers devised credit default swaps .
A credit default swap is , essentially , an insurance contract between a protection buyer and a protection seller covering a corporation 's , or sovereign 's ( the “ referenced entity ” ) , specific bond or loan .
A protection buyer pays an upfront amount and yearly premiums to the protection seller to cover any loss on the face amount of the referenced bond or loan .
Typically , the insurance is for five years .
Credit default swaps are bilateral contracts , meaning they are private contracts between two parties .
CDSs are subject only to the collateral and margin agreed to by contract .
They are traded over - the - counter , usually by telephone .
They are subject to re-sale to another party willing to enter into another contract .
Most frighteningly , credit default swaps are subject to “ counterparty risk . ”
If the party providing the insurance protection – once it has collected its upfront payment and premiums – does n't have the money to pay the insured buyer in the case of a default event affecting the referenced bond or loan ( think hedge funds ) , or if the “ insurer ” goes bankrupt ( Bear Stearns was almost there , and American International Group Inc. ( AIG ) was almost there ) the buyer is not covered – period .
The premium payments are gone , as is the insurance against default .
Credit default swaps are not standardized instruments .
In fact , they technically are n't true securities in the classic sense of the word in that they 're not transparent , are n't traded on any exchange , are n't subject to present securities laws , and are n't regulated .
They are , however , at risk – all $ 62 trillion ( the best guess by the ISDA ) of them .
Fundamentally , this kind of derivative serves a real purpose – as a hedging device .
The actual holders , or creditors , of outstanding corporate or sovereign loans and bonds might seek insurance to guarantee that the debts they are owed are repaid .
That 's the economic purpose of insurance .
What happened , however , is that risk speculators who wanted exposure to certain asset classes , various bonds and loans , or security pools such as residential and commercial mortgage - backed securities ( yes , those same subprime mortgage - backed securities that you 've been reading about ) , but did n't actually own the underlying credits , now had a means by which to speculate on them .
If you think XYZ Corp. is in trouble , and wo n't be able to pay back its bondholders , you can speculate by buying , and paying premiums for , credit default swaps on their bonds , which will pay you the full face amount of the bonds if they do actually default .
If , on the other hand , you think that XYZ Corp. is doing just fine , and its bonds are as good as gold , you can offer insurance to a fellow speculator , who holds the opinion opposite yours .
That means you 'd essentially be speculating that the bonds would not default .
You 're hoping that you 'll collect , and keep , all the premiums , and never have to pay off on the insurance .
It 's pure speculation .
Credit default swaps are not unlike me being able to insure your house , not with you , but with someone else entirely not connected to your house , so that if your house is washed away in the next hurricane I get paid its value .
I 'm speculating on an event .
I 'm making a bet .
The bad news is that there are even worse bets out there .
There are credit default swaps written on subprime mortgage securities .
It 's bad enough that these subprime mortgage pools that banks , investment banks , insurance companies , hedge funds and others bought were over - rated and ended up falling precipitously in value as foreclosures mounted on the underlying mortgages in the pools .
What 's even worse , however , is that speculators sold and bought trillions of dollars of insurance that these pools would , or would n't , default !
The sellers of this insurance ( AIG is one example ) are getting killed as defaults continue to rise with no end in sight .
And this is only where the story begins .
The Ticking Time Bomb
What is happening in both the stock and credit markets is a direct result of what 's playing out in the CDS market .
The Fed could not let Bear Stearns enter bankruptcy because – and only because – the trillions of dollars of credit default swaps on its books would be wiped out .
All the banks and institutions that had insurance written by Bear would not be able to say that they were insured or hedged anymore and they would have to write - down billions and billions of dollars in losses that they 've been carrying at higher values because they could say that they were insured for those losses .
The counterparty risk that all Bear 's trading partners were exposed to was so far and wide , and so deep , that if Bear was to enter bankruptcy it would take years to sort out the risk and losses .
That was an untenable option .
The Fed had to bail out Bear Stearns .
The same thing has just happened to AIG .
Make no mistake about it , there 's nothing wrong with AIG 's insurance subsidiaries – absolutely nothing .
In fact , the Fed just made the best trade in its history by bailing AIG out and getting equity , warrants and charging the insurance giant seven points over the benchmark London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) on that $ 85 billion loan !
What happened to AIG is simple : AIG got greedy .
AIG , as of June 30 , had written $ 441 billion worth of swaps on corporate bonds , and worse , mortgage - backed securities .
As the value of these insured - referenced entities fell , AIG had massive write - downs and additionally had to post more collateral .
And when its ratings were downgraded on Monday evening , the company had to post even more collateral , which it did n't have .
In short , what happened in one small AIG corporate subsidiary blew apart the largest insurance company in the world .
But there 's more – a lot more .
These instruments are causing many of the massive write - downs at banks , investment banks and insurance companies .
Knowing what all this means for hedge funds , the credit markets and the stock market is the key to understanding where this might end and how .
The rest of the story will be illuminated in the next two installments .
Next up :
An examination of the AIG collapse , followed by a look at how bad things could get , and what we can do to fix the problem at hand .
So stay tuned .
[ Editor 's Note : Contributing Editor R. Shah Gilani has toiled in the trading pits in Chicago , run trading desks in New York , operated as a broker / dealer and managed everything from hedge funds to currency accounts .
In his new column , " Inside Wall Street , " Gilani promises to take readers on a journey through the " shadowy back alleys " of the U.S. capital markets - and to conduct us past the " velvet rope " that guards Wall Street 's most - valuable secrets - in an ongoing search for the investment ideas with the biggest profit potential .
If the whipsaw markets we 're experiencing lead to the so - called market “ Super Crash ” that many analysts fear , shrewd investors wo n't have to worry .
The reason :
They will be able to capitalize on the once - in - a - lifetime profit plays that we detail in a new report .
For a copy of that report – which includes a free copy of CNBC analyst Peter D. Schiff 's New York Times best - seller , " Crash Proof : How to Profit from the Coming Economic Collapse " – please click here . ]
News and Related Story Links :
By Shah Gilani
Contributing Editor
Money Morning / The Money Map Report
©2008 Monument Street Publishing .
All Rights Reserved .
Protected by copyright laws of the United States and international treaties .
Any reproduction , copying , or redistribution ( electronic or otherwise , including on the world wide web ) , of content from this website , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Monument Street Publishing .
105 West Monument Street , Baltimore MD 21201 , Email : customerservice@moneymorning.com
Disclaimer : Nothing published by Money Morning should be considered personalized investment advice .
Although our employees may answer your general customer service questions , they are not licensed under securities laws to address your particular investment situation .
No communication by our employees to you should be deemed as personalized investment advice .
We expressly forbid our writers from having a financial interest in any security recommended to our readers .
All of our employees and agents must wait 24 hours after on - line publication , or 72 hours after the mailing of printed - only publication prior to following an initial recommendation .
Any investments recommended by Money Morning should be made only after consulting with your investment advisor and only after reviewing the prospectus or financial statements of the company .
Money Morning Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
Rich Lancaster
23 Sep 08 , 08:56 UST Repudiation
Hey Shah .
Presumably this entire mess will end with the Treasury repudiating US debt ?
Is n't it that simple .
The real issue is :
What happens after that .
Cheers Rich
David Andorful
27 Oct 08 , 04:12 global finance
what is the role of financial scientist in the current global economy
Amber Smith
09 Mar 09 , 21:52 why doesnt anyone care
why is it that no one cares about other people this days .
they just do things that suit them .
Leoxithre Evangel
24 Mar 09 , 06:04
After that ?
Is n't it obvioous that our earth is depleting ...
Look around people ...
Try to solve this problem whatever we can ...
We need to think of what will happen next ...
I know I will ...
Ally Wilbers
13 May 09 , 00:54 truth - in- language
Why is everyone calling it the Global Financial Crisis or Great Recession when it would be more helpful for the diagnosis and cure to call it Wall Street Mismanagement Fallout , =WSMF ?
It 's a dog 's breakfast and the dog was not in Timbuktu !
05 Dec 09 , 05:45 details
Need more details .
this article need more
Semin Sergei , Ph.D
04 May 10 , 16:32 The Real Reason for the Global Financial Crisis
The main reason for the current economic crisis is the inflation launched by the US government in order to finance the military operations in Iraq .
According to various sources such costs amount to 700 million to 2 trillion dollars .
The current crisis can only be overcome if the war in Iraq is finished .
Inflation is the source for financing a war .
The world governments have always supported ongoing wars at the expense of their own citizens and those of other countries .
In the case of poorer nations , the internal markets collapse and the country ’s economy practically becomes nationalized .
Similar situation was experienced in Russia in 1917 ( see : http://simon31.narod.ru/syndrome_of_socialism.html).
The today ’s fall of the US currency by 30 % and the rise of the global prices for resources , fuel , and food by more than 30 % are the results of the inflation launched by the US government to finance the military campaign in Iraq .
The war is financed at the expense of the American people and to even greater extend , the people of other world nations since the US dollar is the most commonly used currency for global trade and reserve currency .
Because the war has lasted so long , the costs of conducting the operation have ballooned and surpassed the originally budgeted resources leaving the US government with the only option - starting the money press .
The shortfall has already reached hundreds of billions of dollars and can only be covered by printing more and more money .
The current rise in the global prices is not a result of shrinking supply of recourses ( food , oil , etc ) or a growing world population .
The production volumes as well as the labour component have not changed dramatically and neither did the global consumption .
The rise in the global prices is caused exclusively by the inflation of the US dollar .
Since the personal incomes in the countries where currencies are tied to the dollar have not changed , the market basket has shrunk by the level of the inflation .
As the result , while the people in the industrialized nations are limiting their expenditures on luxury products , the people in the third world are not able to afford the necessities such as food leaving them malnourished or even starving .
The discussions whether these processes are the results of structural economic crisis are only partially correct .
Such processes normally take decades to develop ; current situation is changing in a course of few months to a few years and seems to have started at the same time as the military operation in Iraq .
When the inflation started to rapidly rise resulting in higher real estate prices , people rushed to buy houses and apartments since shelter is the most important human priority .
Some people bought properties as investment hoping to make money on rising prices .
Both types of the buyers used borrowed money to buy the real estate .
Now , monthly payment on the loans amount to a considerable sum which warrants re-balancing of households ’ budgets and postponing purchases of big ticket items such as cars , furniture , travel , etc .
The falling demand for goods and services has lead to job losses for many borrowers who could no longer make payments on their loans .
In turn , the banks started to foreclose on the properties but were not able to re-sell them due to the same reason .
This was a chain reaction .
Further , excess supply of real estate has lead to dramatic reduction in housing construction and supporting industries .
One example is forestry since majority of houses in North America are build with wood .
All these have started a ‘ snow ball ’ effecting more and more industries and businesses .
Since many companies had also borrowed capital from banks , now they too were failing to make payments on their loans .
The result - Financial Credit Crisis .
The war in Iraq is not the kind of war that deserves such sacrifices .
One tenth of the money spent would have “ bought ” whole Iraq and ensured a rise of pro-western government in the country .
It would be understandable if the war was fought for territories or new markets , but presently there is nothing to fight over since after the collapse of USSR all the eastern block countries became the domain of the west .
Eamon
04 May 10 , 19:22 Real reason for the crisis ...
The crisis is not due to mere mismanagement or financing one war :
It has been orchestrated over a very long period , and this is the final raping of the goyim West , before the Money Masters seek to eliminate the useless eaters and ( more explicitly ) enslave the rest .
The solution ?
Tell the parasitic , private central banks to go to hell -- and start over with a sound , sane monetary system that does not come from the Money Masters .
Eamon
04 May 10 , 19:23 Intrinsically evil money system ...
Our intrinsically evil monetary system is the root of the problem .
All " solutions " that fail to address this fact are so much hot air .
18 May 10 , 09:05 prez
people are so stupid they are not going to tell you whats going on and you need to just beaileve that presidentr are not good and we should all not haVE A PRESIDENT just a GOD PEOPLE ARE STUPID !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ram babu parihar
24 Jun 10 , 03:06 Just not war
When the inflation started to rapidly rise resulting in higher real estate prices , people rushed to buy houses and apartments since shelter is the most important human priority .
Some people bought properties as investment hoping to make money on rising prices .
Both types of the buyers used borrowed money to buy the real estate .
Now , monthly payment on the loans amount to a considerable sum which warrants re-balancing of households ’ budgets and postponing purchases of big ticket items such as cars , furniture , travel , etc .
The falling demand for goods and services has lead to job losses for many borrowers who could no longer make payments on their loans .
In turn , the banks started to foreclose on the properties but were not able to re-sell them due to the same reason .
This was a chain reaction .
darshan
12 Sep 11 , 13:24 Reasons for failure of world economy
First is unnecessary productions I mean there is variety of productions for satisfy a need .
Need changed through technological innovations but the productions changed with the technological innovation for the market competitiveness .
The major problem is starting here .
So many investors investing their capital for capturing the market competitiveness but the demand for the same good never increased for their purpose .
So there is a market failure for the good and services .
However the producers intend the people for the consumptions of their good and services .
It means so many substitutions for a satisfaction of a need of the consumers .
In the market mechanism the consumers also feel complications about the productions that which is good ?
So here we have to mention the production for the people even not the production of the people
Here I mention the production for the people , which express technological innovation with the targeting people for the production
Here I mention as the ' production of the people ' mean the technological innovation with satisfaction of the people
So many producers targeting the people for high level of profit , so the cost of productions also high even it is a standard goods or services .
So the mechanism of the market giving the reply for it such as Nokia versus Sony Ericsson Sony Ericsson mainly target the satisfaction of the people with small profit and it grownup as long duration even the growth is very smaller past years .
But Nokia is the fast company and world famous company .
It mainly target the people with the technological innovation and maximize profits .
However Nokia handled many ways for getting the world market through advertisement or any variety changes like that Sony Ericsson also handled in a part of this .
Anyhow the front Nokia defeated by Sony Ericsson in the market field and I think Sony Ericsson would be still in the field long term rather than Nokia .
darshan
12 Sep 11 , 13:27 Reasons for failure
However the theory of demand and supply express the old Version .
In the contemporary context both theory of demand and supply mislead the suppliers and consumers .
Because new theory should explain the mechanism of New Demand and New Supply for the globalization and global integration .
However the new theory express the new theory for both supply and demand there must be considered the government role in the root of production and investment on production .
However the Demand for good and services depend on the satisfaction and price , there is an intention to pushes .
So the intention should have to consider in the theory of demand as well as theory of supply .
Here I mention as an intention that a psychological condition of contemporary context .
I know that this is very depth study even it is must and necessity for the present world mechanism .
We should mention the virus of the world economy at present because the decisions making for demand and supply are going on for capturing profits even not clearly mention the stand and strong in the market mechanism .
The lack of beta between supply and demand in the Global Economy is the major problem for the failure of market mechanism .
What to produce and whom to produce are nor clearly decided in the old economic version for the modern society therefore the market failure is must for the contemporary world .
Because the resources allocation , factor endowment , and choice of productions were not clearly expressed by the old versions of economic theories .
So we have to consider and correct or create a new theory for the contemporary world mechanism .
African American kidney disease patients in both Canada and the United States are less likely than Caucasian Americans to have access to kidney transplants , but only African - Americans in the United States have worse health outcomes than Caucasians after a transplant is performed , according to a study appearing in the January 2009 issue of the Journal of the American Society Nephrology ( JASN ) .
The results could further open the debate about what has driven the disparities seen only in the United States .
Health disparities among different racial and ethnic groups have been noted for a number of conditions , including kidney disease .
African - Americans in the United States in need of a kidney transplant are less likely to receive one than Caucasians , and even after they do receive a transplant , African - Americans in the United States experience higher rates of donor kidney failure and death .
However , no studies have looked at disparities in health outcomes following kidney transplantation in Canada .
A comparison of the two countries may shed light on the underlying causes of racial disparities among kidney transplant recipients .
Karen Yeates , MD , of Queens University in Kingston , Ontario , and her colleagues performed such a study by analyzing data from the Canadian national renal replacement therapy registry , which included information on 20,243 dialysis patients ( 3 % black and 97 % white ) , 5,036 of whom received a kidney transplant during the study .
The investigators found that African - Americans in Canada were significantly less likely than Caucasians to receive a kidney transplant , either from deceased or living donors .
This situation mimics that seen in the United States .
However , unlike African - Americans in the United States , African - American Canadians who underwent a kidney transplant experienced no significant health differences compared with Caucasians after their procedure .
Their transplanted kidneys survived just as long as kidneys transplanted into Caucasians , and African - American Canadians actually survived longer following the surgery compared with Caucasians .
According to Dr. Yeates , the study 's findings raise questions concerning why there are health disparity differences between the two countries .
" Hypotheses behind this difference could be that the better renal transplant outcomes for African - Americans in Canada are due to better access to post - transplant medical care and access to immunosuppressive medications that are more comprehensive than in the United States , " she said .
( Unlike African - Americans in the United States , African - American Canadians have free access to pre-dialysis care , kidney transplantation and follow - up care at all kidney transplant centers . )
Understanding these differences could highlight US policy issues related to access to medications and medical services that need to be improved .
" … [ A ] lthough this study is observation and further study is needed , our results raise potentially important questions about whether better access to health services for African - Americans would improve outcomes following kidney transplantation in this population , " the authors wrote .
Source : American Society of Nephrology
Explore further Diabetes dramatically reduces the kidney 's ability clean itself
Seumas Milne 's article ( Civilian dead are a trade - off in Nato 's war of barbarity , October 16 ) is an outrageous and false accusation that Nato deliberately puts the lives of its own troops before the lives of Afghan civilians .
Our troops are bound to - and want to - apply the highest ethical standards when operating .
Furthermore , in any insurgency , the key is to have or win public support .
A suggested deliberate " calculation " to mind less about Afghans than about western lives would go directly against this .
We do our utmost to avoid civilian casualties .
Recently , the commander of the Nato - led international security assistance force ( Isaf ) issued a new tactical directive re-emphasising the importance of avoiding civilian casualties .
As Isaf spokesman Gen Richard Blanchette told the Washington Post on Wednesday : " Commanders are now under orders to consider a ' tactical withdrawal ' when faced with the choice of calling in air support during clashes where civilians are believed to be present . "
If despite all our precautionary measures it still happens , both the UN and Human Rights Watch recognise that it is mostly the result of the Taliban 's deliberate policy to use civilians as human shields .
The international forces are not " occupiers " .
This is not only an insult to the UN and the government of Afghanistan , but also to our own troops .
The UN has just extended the mandate for Isaf , and condemned " the use by the Taliban ... of civilians as human shields " while " recognising the efforts taken by Isaf and other international forces to minimise the risk of civilian casualties " .
Furthermore , Isaf is there at the invitation of the democratically elected Afghan government .
Perhaps more importantly , we are not seen as occupiers by the Afghan people .
All opinion polls show a large majority supports the presence of foreign forces and the Afghan government , while an overwhelming majority ( still ) do n't want the Taliban back .
James Appathurai
Nato spokesman , Brussels , Belgium
Notorious American AOL spammer Jeremy Jaynes had his nine year federal prison sentence overturned today , when Virginia 's high court ruled the state 's tough " anti-spam " law violates the First Amendment right to free speech .
The court unanimously agreed Virginia 's anti-spam law is " unconstitutionally overbroad " because it bans all unsolicited bulk email with false or misleading originating addresses , both commercial and noncommercial .
The law considers unsolicited bulk email a felony if more than 10,000 recipients are mailed in a 24 - hour period .
Justice Steven
Agee wrote in today 's ruling that the state law violates " the right to engage in anonymous speech , particularly anonymous political or religious speech " protected by the First Amendment .
Agee added that " were the Federalist Papers just being published today via e-mail , that transmission by PubliAus would violate the statute . "
" Publius " was used as a pseudonym in 1787 and 1788 by Alexander Hamilton , James Madison , and John Jay to argue for ratification of the US Constitution .
Jaynes , a resident of North Carolina , was convicted in 2004 of three counts of junk email offenses by spamming tens of thousands of AOL users by means of a stolen database containing around 100 million addresses .
He was once rated as the eighth worst spammer in the world by the anti-spam firm Spamhouse and is the first American to be convicted of a felony for sending unsolicited bulk email .
Because his spamming campaign flooded AOL 's servers , Jaynes was prosecuted in Virginia , where the internet provider is headquartered .
In 2005 , Jaynes was sentenced to nine years in prison under Virginia 's anti-spam law .
Prosecutors claimed Jaynes made nearly $ 24 million in sales from his spamming operation .
His conviction was affirmed by a Virginia Appeals Court decision in 2006 when it determined trespassing on private computer networks through intentional misrepresentation merited no First Amendment protection .
Virginia Attorney General Bob McDonnell told the AP he was disappointed the state Supreme Court overturned both previous rulings and said he would take the issue to the US Supreme Court .
Even if Virginia 's anti-spam law is invalidated , Jaynes 's commercial spam would still violate the federal CAN - SPAM Act .
However , the law cannot apply to Jaynes because it was adopted after the emails in question were sent . ®
Steve Demeter developed the iPhone puzzle game Trism as a side project , but now he 's quitting his day job .
Why ?
Because he says he 's generated $ 250,000 in profits since he started selling the $ 4.99 game on iTunes this summer .
That 's after Apple ( AAPL ) has taken its 30 % cut of total sales , and after subtracting his initial investment of about $ 5,000 .
So while we 've heard plenty of griping from developers who complain about Apple 's restrictive grip on its store , you 're certainly not going to hear Steve joining that chorus .
In fact , he says , he 's so pleased with Apple , that he 's going to work exclusively with them , and will pass on the chance to work on other platforms , like Google 's Android .
Why cut himself off from other markets ?
In part , because he 's doing just fine with Apple .
But Steve also says that Google 's strategy of distributing its OS to multiple manufacturers who will create multiple handset models will actually cause him more headaches than its worth .
“ Do I want to be spending 6 months to write the game , and another 6 months making it compatible ?
If I had Trism available for Android , and there are 50 Android devices and every time one of them crashes ( the users ) contact me , do I want that ? ”
So if he ’s not expanding to the other mobile platforms , what is Steve going to do with his newfound wealth ?
He says he ’s actively looking to hire more people – engineers and artists specifically .
While he started off on his own , he now has four more people working for him in San Francisco , working on 5 more iPhone games .
See Also :
Rejected By Apple ?
Sell Your iPhone App Yourself , Profit
Google 's Android ' GPhone ' On Sale Next Month .
Can It Do iPhone Numbers ?
' I Am Rich ' Dude : I Made $ 6000 From My Dumb iPhone App
News in Science
' Fossil ' HIV reveals virus history
A preserved specimen of lymph node nearly half a century old has revealed how rapidly the HIV virus has diversified , according to international research .
A team of researchers from around the world has been trawling through decades - old tissue samples from African hospital archives in the hope of finding samples containing the HIV virus .
They struck it lucky with a sample that was collected back in 1960 , from a woman living in what is now the Democratic Republic of Congo .
This is the second - oldest sample of the HIV virus ever found - the oldest is from 1959 .
The researchers found that the HIV viral sequences these two samples differ significantly in their genetic makeup .
Their finding appears in the latest issue of Nature .
Using a technique called molecular clock analysis , they were able to plot the two viral sequences ' evolutionary path back in time to determine when they diverged .
They concluded the strains evolved from a common ancestor that emerged in Africa near the beginning of the twentieth century around 80 years before the disease appeared in western populations .
Fossil virus
Co-researcher and molecular palaeontologist Dr Michael Bunce , head of the Ancient DNA Laboratory at Murdoch University , Perth , says these early viral sequences tell scientists a lot about how the virus evolves .
" The more information we can find out about the evolutionary history of pathogens , [ the ] more we can understand how they 've changed over time to adapt to humans , " says Bunce .
" We can get a really good picture of those parts of the virus that are rapidly mutating and those that stay more constant . "
While a 50 - year - old sample seems relatively young compared to the fossil materials Bunce is used to working with , for a virus like HIV , it 's ancient .
" HIV mutates so quickly that 40 to 50 years old is really akin to looking at fossil bone that 's millions of years old , " he says .
Extracting the viral genetic material from the samples was no easy task .
The samples had been preserved in formalin , which can cause considerable damage to DNA sequences .
" What we have got is actually quite good considering the preservation status , " Bunce says , but it required a lot of technological ' tweaking ' to isolate the tiny snippets of DNA from the sample .
The international research team is continuing to analyse hundreds of samples in the hope of finding further HIV - positive tissue that could add more pieces to the puzzle .
Sony has dismissed reports Mirror 's Edge will be a timed PS3 exclusive - but said there will be downloadable content available only via PlayStation Network .
Confusion arose last month after German site Heise Online quoted David Reeves as saying the new EA title will arrive on PS3 first .
EA has since denied the claim and now a Sony spokesperson has done the same , telling Eurogamer , " There was a misunderstanding in terms of the quote that Mirror 's Edge is to be a timed exclusive on PS3 . "
So , the game will be released for PS3 , PC and Xbox 360 on the same day - whenever that may be , as EA 's still keeping quiet .
However , Sony did confirm that although Mirror 's Edge is multi-platform , " PlayStation has an exclusive marketing agreement with EA regarding the title . "
Plus , the spokesperson added , " Exclusive downloadable content will be offered on the PlayStation Network . "
It 's not yet clear what form this content will take , or whether Xbox 360 and PC owners will get their own exclusive goodies .
In the meantime , you can find plenty of Mirror 's Edge videos , screenshots and previews over on the gamepage .
Bailout Bill Includes Bike Commuting Benefit
Remember Oregon Congressman Earl Blumenauer ’s long - sought $ 20 per month tax credit for bike commuters , intended to extend a benefit to cyclists that motorists have received for decades ?
The measure ridiculed by North Carolina Rep. Patrick " Give Me Fossil Fuels or Give Me Death " McHenry ?
It did n’t make it into law last year , but it seems the bike commuting credit has found its way into the latest version of the financial bailout package .
Section 211 of the " Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 " allows for a " qualified bicycle commuting reimbursement " for " reasonable expenses incurred by the employee during such calendar year for the purchase of a bicycle and bicycle improvements , repair , and storage , if such bicycle is regularly used for travel between the employee ’s residence and place of employment . "
Other transpo-related items in the bill include credits for biofuels and other " alternative " mixtures , plug - in electric vehicles , and what looks like a few goodies for oil and natural gas producers .
Another section includes incentives for green construction and renewable energy production .
The full text of the 451 - page bill , expected to be taken up by the House of Representatives on Friday , is available here .
Tell us if you find other items of interest .
The sixteenth round of the 2008 Grand Prix motorcycle racing ( MotoGP ) season was recently held on a track on the southern coast of Australia .
The 2008 Australian motorcycle Grand Prix took place on Phillip Island , on the weekend of October 3rd , with several practice sessions earlier .
Grand prix motorcycle has three classes , 125 cc , 250 cc and MotoGP - each with their own standings .
Winners at the Phillip Island Circuit this year were France 's Mike Di Meglio - 125 cc , Italy 's Marco Simoncelli - 250 cc , and Australia 's Casey Stoner in MotoGP .
The 2008 Grand Finale will take place in Valencia , Spain on October 26th .
( 23 photos total
McCain officials said they planned to begin advertising tying Obama to Rezko and Ayers .
Obama calls McCain ' erratic in crisis '
Branding his opponent as “ erratic in a crisis , ” Sen. Barack Obama ( D - Ill. ) is preempting plans by Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) to portray him as having sinister connections to controversial Chicagoans .
Obama officials call it political jujitsu – turning the attacks back on the attacker .
Advertisement
McCain officials had said early in the weekend that they plan to begin advertising after Tuesday ’s debate that will tie Obama to convicted money launderer Tony Rezko and former Weathermen radical William Ayers .
But Obama is n’t waiting to respond .
His campaign is going up Monday on national cable stations with a scathing ad saying : “ Three quarters of a million jobs lost this year .
Our financial system in turmoil .
And John McCain ?
Erratic in a crisis .
Out of touch on the economy .
No wonder his campaign wants to change the subject .
“ Turn the page on the financial crisis by launching dishonorable , dishonest ‘ assaults ’ against Barack Obama .
Struggling families can't turn the page on this economy , and we can't afford another president who is this out of touch . ”
Then Obama says : “ I 'm Barack Obama and I approved this message . ”
McCain officials told Politico that the new offensive is likely to focus on Rezko and Ayers .
The officials said the campaign will not bring up the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , Obama ’s former pastor , because McCain has forbade them from using that as a weapon .
Without being specific , the officials said outside groups may focus on Wright .
When word of the planned attacks leaked Saturday , Obama officials said within hours that it was an attempt by McCain to distract voters from the economy .
“ We think the McCain campaign made a huge error by telling the press that their strategy was to distract from the most important issue facing voters , ” a senior Obama official said .
“ Every attack going forward will be easy to characterize for what it is – an attempt to distract from the Bush - McCain economic record . "
McCain spokesman Tucker Bounds hinted at the tough new line Saturday on “ Fox & Friends . ”
“ There are associations that are important to who Barack Obama is as a candidate , who he ’d be as president , ” Bounds said .
Obama - Biden communications director Dan Pfeiffer said about the new ads : “ If John McCain thinks he can ‘ turn the page ’ on the economic crisis facing American families , he is even more out of touch than we imagined .
Now there may be no good answers for John McCain due to his erratic response to the financial crisis , but his desire to avoid discussing the economy is something we will remind voters of everyday for the next month . ”
Blackburn have confirmed they have turned down a bid , thought to be around £ 12 m , from Barclays Premier League rivals Manchester City for striker Roque Santa Cruz .
The Paraguay international was Rovers top scorer last season and has been linked with a number of clubs this summer - including City 's neighbours Manchester United .
' A bid came in last night and it was immediately rejected , ' read a Blackburn statement .
' Various Manchester City officials have been advised on a number of occasions that the player would not be for sale .
' We are very disappointed , therefore , that they have continued their interest . '
Meanwhile , City boss Mark Hughes ' plans for the new season were dealt a blow last night when Darius Vassell was ruled out for 10 weeks with a knee injury .
The Welshman moved quickly to remedy that problem by attempting to sign the man who scored 19 league goals for him last season while Hughes was manager at
Blackburn .
The fee City have offered is believed to be around the £ 12 million mark - over £ 8.5 million more than Blackburn paid for his services when they signed him from Bayern Munich last summer .
Santa Cruz spent eight years at the German club and has scored 17 goals in the 53 international appearances he has made for Paraguay .
The income gap has grown prominently in the US since the 1980s
The gap between rich and poor in most wealthy nations has widened , the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) has said .
Across the 24 OECD countries where data was available , the cumulative rise in inequality was 7 % over the past 20 years , the Paris - based group said .
But this was not as large a rise as had been expected , it said .
Since 2000 , income inequality had risen sharply in the US and Germany and declined in the UK , Mexico and Greece .
But the OECD report , which covers a period of two decades between 1985 and 2005 , said the UK still had one of the highest levels of income inequality in the developed world .
The ' Hello ' effect
The report found that the income of the richest 10 % of people was , on average , nearly nine times that of the poorest 10 % .
But the size of the income differentials varies , with the greatest disparity in Mexico , which has a ratio of 25 to one , followed by Turkey and the US .
The most equal distribution of wealth is in the Nordic countries , including Denmark , Sweden and Finland .
" The increase in inequality , though widespread and significant , has not been as spectacular as most people probably think it has been , " the report said .
It added that the difference between what the data indicated and what people thought was likely to reflect the " Hello magazine effect " , meaning that people read widely about the super - rich and imagined many people lived the life of luxury .
Children and low - skilled workers were more likely to be poor than the population in general , said the OECD , which represents the world 's richest countries .
Meanwhile , pensioner poverty has fallen in many countries , with those around retirement age seeing the biggest increases in incomes over the past 20 years .
Labour market changes Launching the report in Paris , OECD Secretary - General Angel Gurría warned of the dangers posed by inequality and the need for governments to tackle it .
" Growing inequality is divisive .
It polarises societies , it divides regions within countries , and it carves up the world between rich and poor , " he added .
THE GROWING GAP BETWEEN RICH AND POOR
The US has the highest inequality rate after Mexico and Turkey
In the past five years , the gap between rich and poor has grown the fastest in Germany Since 2000 , income inequality and poverty have fallen faster in Britain than in any other OECD country , but the UK still performs poorly against its neighbours
France is one of just five countries where inequalities have fallen in the past 20 years Source : OECD Growing Unequal report
Rich and poor gap ' narrows ' in UK
In developed countries , governments had been taxing more and spending more on social benefits to offset the trend towards more inequality , but the effectiveness of these policies had declined , the OECD said .
As an example , OECD countries spend three times more on family policies than they did 20 years ago and yet single - parent households are three times as likely to be poor .
Poverty is defined as applying to households with less than half the median income .
" Trying to patch the gaps in income distribution solely through more social spending is like treating the symptoms instead of the disease , " said Mr Gurría .
He urged governments to act to increase education opportunities and job prospects for blue collar workers and to offer welfare - in - work to working - class families to boost income .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
September 9 , 2008
The UK TimesOnline has posted a video of the aftermath of the killings of dozens of villagers in the Afghan village of Nawabad ( called Azizabad in other stories ) .
The U.S. has maintained that seven civilians and three dozen Taliban militants were killed in the combined U.S. Special Forces / Afghan Army / U.S. air operation last August 21 .
The United Nations and local villagers insist that 92 civilians were killed , over half of them children .
According to the article :
In the video scores of bodies are seen laid out in a building that villagers say is used as a mosque ; the people were killed apparently during a combined operation by US special forces and Afghan army commandos in western Afghanistan .
The film was shot on a mobile phone by an Afghan doctor who arrived the next morning .
Local people say that US forces bombed preparations for a memorial ceremony for a tribal leader .
Residential compounds were levelled by US attack helicopters , armed drones and a cannon - armed C130 Spectre gunship .
Besides the UN , the villagers ' account is backed up by investigations from an Afghanistan government delegation and what the Times calls Afghanistan 's " leading human rights organisation . "
Now , NATO command is backing off the official story , noting that there is a " discrepancy " in death toll figures , and expressing the usual " heartfelt sorrow . "
But , as the Times reports , a new report by Human Rights Watch says that under reporting of civilian deaths in Afghanistan is out of control .
( The report criticizes both U.S. / NATO and Taliban forces . )
Taking what it says are the most conservative figures available , Human Rights Watch has calculated that civilian deaths as a result of Western airstrikes tripled between 2006 and 2007 to 321 .
In the first seven months of this year the figure was 119 .
In the same period , 367 civilian deaths were attributed to Taleban attacks .
It accuses US officials of routinely denying reports of civilian deaths .
Perhaps the most amazing political news surrounding the Nawabad massacre is that the Pentagon says it relied for its account , in part , on corroborative evidence by the embedded journalist on the scene : Fox News " reporter " Oliver North !
The Times portrays North as coming " to prominence in the 1980s Iran- Contra affair . "
Actually , North was convicted for three felonies in regards to his activities during the Iran - Contra scandal .
He only escaped a suspended prison sentence and $ 150,000 in fines because , as his Wikipedia bio describes it , an " appeals court found that witnesses in his trial might have been impermissibly affected by his immunized congressional testimony . "
North had been deputy director for political - military affairs for the National Security Council under Reagan , until the scandal brought his career to a halt .
North came into the public spotlight due to his participation in the Iran - Contra Affair , in which he was the chief coordinator of the sale of weapons via intermediaries to Iran , with the profits being channeled to the Contras in Nicaragua .
He was responsible for the establishment of a covert network used for the purposes of aiding the Contras .
U.S. funding of the Contras by appropriated funds spent by intelligence agencies had been prohibited by the Boland Amendment .
North 's testimony in front of a congressional committee during the Iran - Contra hearings marked him as an unabashed apologist for covert operations and the projection of American power abroad , irregardless of the will of those in the countries subjected to U.S. intervention .
Lying to Congress was justified , in his opinion , because he supported the anti-Sandinista " Contras " , whom he labeled " freedom fighters . "
Since then , and after an unsuccessful foray into politics , he has made his living as a right - wing ideologue , writing books , and establishing himself as a right - wing television commentator .
It looks like North 's service to his military masters has never ended .
Looking at the video from the Times , which shows rows of dead bodies , including many children , we can only conclude that North has once again lied for the government .
It 's his specialty , and one should n't be surprised .
However , North 's participation in this U.S. military cover - up vividly calls into question the role of embedded " reporters " among the armed services .
The cover story on Nawabad / Azizabad included U.S. asssurances that the villagers were lying about the casualties .
This from Chris Floyd 's coverage :
What 's more , the Pentagon then claimed that the reports of a wider slaughter were being faked by the villagers , at the behest of the Taliban .
The American brass even accused the survivors of the attack of creating fake graves to fool the good - hearted U.S. military inspectors who , it was claimed , quickly visited the scene to ascertain the truth .
But Carlotta Gall is reporting at the New York Times :
Cellphone images seen by this reporter show at least 11 dead children , some apparently with blast and concussion injuries , among some 30 to 40 bodies laid out in the village mosque .
Ten days after the airstrikes , villagers dug up the last victim from the rubble , a baby just a few months old .
Their shock and grief is still palpable ....
A visitor to the village and to three graveyards within its limits on Aug. 31 counted 42 freshly dug graves .
Thirteen of the graves were so small they could hold only children ; another 13 were marked with stones in the way that Afghans identify women�s graves .
If it takes this concerted of an international outcry to get the truth out of the U.S. government ( and they 're not admitting to anything on Nawabad yet ) , how many other instances of U.S. military action can even be believed ?
Is there anything this government even says or does that has credibility ?
I know that sounds severe , but that 's the price power pays for mendacity and cover-up .
Hat -tip to Grand Moff Texan at Daily Kos for the TimesOnline article .
Britain 's latest weapon against the Taliban ?
' Video diaries ' filmed by mobile phone
The latest weapon against the Taliban has been revealed - and it's not a new type of gun , bomb or hi-tech missile system ...
It 's the humble mobile phone .
The Government is mooting using mobiles in a bizarre bid to beat the militants in a battle for the hearts and minds of ordinary Afghans .
The scheme has been dreamed up after the Taliban circulated anti-Western films on Afghanistan 's six million mobiles and the internet , seizing a virtual monopoly on propaganda in the war - torn country .
An Afghan woman talks on her mobile phone in Kabul .
The Taliban has used the phone networks to circulate virulent anti-Western propaganda
The films include footage of the bodies of Afghans killed in an August raid by U.S. forces .
Video from a mobile showed rows of corpses , including at least 11 children - seemingly refuting Pentagon claims that only seven civilians died .
Now , under an attempt to undermine the powerful Taliban propaganda , ordinary Afghans would be equipped with mobiles so they could film their own ' video diaries ' .
The end result would be 100 short films for screening at a film festival next year .
It is not clear how a film festival - a concept that evokes cocktail parties and Hollywood glamour on the Riviera - might achieve a propaganda victory .
Nor is it known whether any measures are being considered to stop the freebie mobile phones from being used to produce yet more pro-Taliban footage .
Nevertheless , the Foreign Office is said to think the uncosted plan , devised by outside consultants , ' has merit ' .
It 's not the first time that hi-tech phones have been used in the Afghan war .
Taliban fighters have adopted Skype internet - based phones - which are heavily encrypted , unlike normal mobiles - to communicate in secret between cells strung across the country , it was revealed last month .
The idea of using mobile phones against the militants was revealed today as Nato chiefs urged defence ministers to let troops attack another pillar of Taliban power - the opium trade .
Supreme Allied Commander General John Craddock said there was no hope of establishing security in Afghanistan if the opium networks funding the Taliban are not destroyed .
Without such a plan ' more money goes into the coffers of the Taliban , more bombs are bought , more bomb makers are paid , more bullets are bought , more people who shoot the bullets are hired and more of our soldiers and our Marines get killed ' , he said .
The aim is to halt an opium trade estimated to net the Taliban at least £ 40 million a year .
Germany has warned that the mission - backed by the Bush administration - could worsen violence and put troops at greater risk .
But General Craddock told defence ministers gathered in Budapest , Hungary : ' Nato is charged with a safe and secure environment .
You cannot have a safe and secure environment with a scourge of narcotics rampant . '
If other nations opposed to the plan were to opt out , the U.S. could feasibly carry it out alone .
' October Surprise ' Over Palin Investigation ?
' Likely damaging ' report on Gov. to be released days before November election .
Sept. 2 , 2008  --
Is the McCain campaign afraid of an ' October surprise ' involving vice - presidential pick Gov. Sarah Palin of Alaska ?
The Alaska state senator running an investigation of Gov. Palin says the McCain campaign is using stall tactics to prevent him from releasing his final report by Oct. 31 , four days before the November election .
" It 's likely to be damaging to the Governor 's administration , " said Senator Hollis French , a Democrat , appointed the project manager for a bi-partisan State Senate Legislative Counsel Committee investigation of claims that Palin abused her office to get the Alaska public safety commissioner , Walt Monegan , fired .
Palin , who has denied any wrongdoing and has said she has nothing to hide , has hired private lawyers to represent her in the matter .
French says that his investigation has been going smoothly before she brought in her attorneys .
" Until then , the Governor used state lawyers and everything was fine , " said Sen. French .
" That 's wrong , " said a spokesperson for the McCain campaign , Brian Rogers .
" The attorney was hired by the state Department of Law weeks ago , as part of the official duty to defend the governor , " said Roger , and " obviously had nothing to do with either the McCain campaign . "
A team of McCain campaign operatives arrived in Anchorage over the weekend " to help coordinate " her vice - presidential campaign , according to a McCain campaign official .
In a letter sent on Friday , Gov. Palin 's new lawyer , Thomas V. Van Flein , requested a full list of documents , other evidence and witness statements from the Senate 's investigation .
Senator French responded " it would be highly unusual for an investigator to share information with one of the targets of the investigation . "
French said he still wanted to take testimony from Governor Palin sometime in September about allegations she wanted the public safety commissioner to fire her ex-brother - in - law following a messy divorce to her sister .
" The Governor first issued a blanket denial but now she 's had to back down and that 's a problem , " said French .
" She has a credibility problem , " he said .
French says the investigation will also seek to learn how the Governor 's office obtained confidential information from her ex-brother - in - law 's personnel file .
" If she was involved , it would be a violation of state law , " said French .
The controversy over the firing of public safety commissioner Monegan has been simmering for months in Alaska .
Monegan has alleged he was fired because he rebuffed pressure from the Governor and her husband to dismiss her brother - in - law who served as a state trooper .
Palin says that she dismissed Monegan over an honest disagreement over budget priorities .
French says the McCain campaign failed to contact any of the Senators involved in the investigation during the vetting process of Gov. Palin .
" If they had done their job they never would have picked her , " said French .
" Now they may have to deal with an October surprise , " he said , referring to the scheduled release Oct. 31 of the committee 's final report .
Meanwhile , at a campaign stop today in Philadelphia , McCain told reporters that Palin was thoroughly checked out by his staff before being tapped .
" My vetting process was completely thorough and I 'm grateful for the results , " said McCain .
The report is a preliminary step prior to any effort to impeach the Governor , said French .
" That will be for the legislature to decide , " he said .
McCain campaign officials say they were aware of the " trooper thing " but did not consider it an impediment to her selection as the running mate .
This post has been updated
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
« Chuck Baldwin , Constitution Party , Interview | Main | 10 REASONS NOT TO BAILOUT WALL ST . »
JUST SAY NO TO THE TWO PARTY SYSTEM
http://www.youtube.com/watch?
v=RKwiJcOTtwE JUST SAY NO TO THE TWO PARTY SYSTEM
http://www.youtube.com/watch?
v=4DpsXNkiHss Truth in Government Chuck Baldwin for President
http://www.youtube.com/watch?
v=G-DyfFa0tZg Chuck Baldwin On Lou Dobbs 9-10-08
http://www.youtube.com/watch?
v=mf3-lk7hy2I Ron Paul Endorses Chuck Baldwin !
October 3 , 2008 in Current Affairs | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451d3ac69e20105351fe757970b
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference JUST SAY NO TO THE TWO PARTY SYSTEM :
Comments
The comments to this entry are closed .
Obama comes out on top after latest presidential debate as McCain struggles to land knockout blow
Barack Obama won a points victory in the latest presidential debate which rival John McCain desperately needed to win to revive his faltering campaign .
Despite launching a flurry of attacks on the economy , taxes and foreign policy , Mr McCain could not land a telling blow on Mr Obama .
It was thought the casual town hall format of Tuesday 's debate at Belmont University in Nashville , Tennessee , would suit the 72 - year - old Arizona senator 's boisterous style .
Cold shoulder : Barack Obama speaks in John McCain 's ear after their televised debate last night
But Mr Obama appeared equally at home and most U.S. pundits judged he came out on top with less than a month until the November 4 election .
Republican Mr McCain was criticised afterwards for patronising his 47 - year - old Democrat opponent as they locked horns over energy policies .
Referring to an energy bill backed by President Bush and his Vice President Dick Cheney , he asked : ' You know who voted for it ? '
Pointing at Mr Obama , he sneered : ' That one !
It was n't me . '
Moderator Tom Brokaw of NBC laughs with Barack Obama and wife Michelle , as John McCain and wife Cindy prepare to leave
Washington Post columnist Tom Shales later described the remark as ' demeaning ' and ' nasty ' .
Mr Obama hit back at claims that he was inexperienced in foreign policy , mentioning an incident when Mr McCain sang ' Bomb , Bomb , Bomb , Bomb .
Bomb Iran ' to the tune of the Beach Boys hit Barbara Ann .
Rivals : John McCain and wife Cindy ( left ) and Barack Obama with wife Michelle .
There was no love lost between the two couples at the debate
' I hate to go into that , ' retorted Mr McCain , who again pointed to his military background , adding : ' I was just joking with a veteran friend . '
Both candidates reached rare agreement in saying that billionaire investor Warren Buffet , the so - called ' sage of Omaha ' , would be looked at by them as a possible successor to besieged US Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson .
Greeting before the war of words :
The town hall set - up of the debate was said to favour Mr McCain - but Mr Obama appeared equally at home
Mr McCain said Americans were ' angry upset and a little fearful ' about the financial collapse .
He said he would re-negotiate bad home loans if he becomes president .
' As President of the United States I would order the Secretary of the Treasury to immediately buy up the bad home loan mortgages of America and renegotiate the diminished cost of those homes , ' he said , although he did n't offer an explanation of how he would fund the initiative .
The winkers : John McCain employed the same winking tactic as his running mate Sarah Palin did during her own televised debate with Joe Biden last week
' We are in the worst financial crisis since the great depression , ' opened Mr Obama , who blamed eight years of the Bush administration for the mess , a theme he returned to several more times .
He said ' step one ' was the £ 400 billion bail out package passed by Congress last week and " step two " was tax cuts for the middle classes .
He also highlighted claims that AIG insurance executives went on a £ 250,000 spa ' junket ' just a week after the Wall Street giant was rescued by the government .
' Those executives should be fired , ' he added .
' You are not interested in hearing politicians pointing fingers , ' he added .
' You want to know how we are going to get you out of this mess . '
Frosty : The Obamas and the McCains . Michelle Obama and Cindy McCain did not shake hands during the event , during which Mr McCain was accused of patronising his rival
Fresh off declaring a “ total win ” in the wake of the U.S.
House allowing offshore drilling and oil - shale leasing bans to lapse , the conservative pro-domestic - energy group Americans for American Energy wasted no time pouncing on two prominent environmental groups .
Last week AAE , a nonprofit social welfare organization based in Golden , crowed that its efforts over the past year - and - a - half led to the House moving to drop the nearly three - decade - old ban on offshore drilling in the Gulf of Mexico and lift the commercial oil - shale leasing ban in Colorado and the interior West .
“ It is a total win , ” AAE President and CEO Greg Schnacke said in a press release .
“ Congress had to feel the heat to see the light .
They listened to the public and to voters on this one . ”
The same day the group , which is not required to disclose its donors but which critics say is funded by the oil and gas industry , issued another press release demanding a congressional investigation of what it alleges were improper contacts between environmental groups and U.S. Interior Department officials .
AAE ’s allegations , stemming from an inspector general ’s probe of the matter , comes just weeks after a report detailing inappropriate contact between Interior Department officials and oil and gas industry workers in Colorado two years ago that involved parties with sex and drugs .
A spokesman for the Wilderness Society , one of the groups fingered by AAE last week for too closely coordinating legislative actions with the National Landscape Conservation System [ no mention of hookers and blow ] , called everything AAE does “ political theatrics . ”
“ Americans for American Energy is an industry - funded disinformation clearinghouse pretty much bent on painting anyone pushing commonsense environmental policy as radicals , when the reality is we ’re trying to keep oil and gas development from ruining the wild open spaces , public health , quality of life and well - being , ” said Bobby Magill , communications manager for the BLM action center of the Wilderness Society .
Particularly galling to some in Colorado , including 10 small - town mayors who fired off a letter to AAE late last year during the BLM ’s approval process for drilling on the Roan Plateau , is the group ’s ongoing insistence that if you ’re not with them on the “ drill , baby , drill ” bandwagon , you ’re chumming up to Osama Bin Laden and Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
“ We object in the strongest terms possible your repeated attempts to equate any questioning of your industry ’s agenda to abetting terrorists , ” the group of mountain mayors wrote .
“ This is a scurrilous and irresponsible effort to muddy the waters and avoid discussion of the real issues and real values at stake . ”
AAE ’s vice chairman , Republican Utah state Rep. Aaron Tilton , contradicted Schnacke ’s “ total win ” on the House energy bill Monday , calling it “ a complete political farce ” that did n’t have “ any chance of passing ” in the Senate .
But he did stand by AAE ’s blasting of environmental groups for being in bed with terrorists .
“ Your intentions may be good , but the net effect is the support of those organizations indirectly , ” Tilton said , “ the reason being that if you cut off production here and our economic security , and we end up shipping these resources overseas — $ 700 billion a year annually — a lot of that money ends up in these organization ’s hands . ”
Having helped to open up the Roan to drilling , AAE is now focused on clearing regulatory hurdles to ramping up oil shale production in Colorado , Utah and Wyoming , despite what critics argue is a lack of existing technology and water needed for production , as well as the necessary infrastructure to refine and transport any crude that ’s produced .
“ We need to wait until we find out if the technology is viable and we ’re not there yet , ” the Wilderness Society ’s Magill said .
“ We should n’t lease until the technology is proven and until they can prove that they can do this in an environmentally sound manner . ”
Tilton counters there are workable oil - shale technologies close to coming online or already online in other countries and that not nearly as much water is needed as when the oil - shale industry boomed then just as rapidly busted on Colorado ’s Western Slope in the early 80s .
Tilton cites an independent Rand Corporation study that estimates there are about 800 billion barrels of oil trapped in the shale rock of what ’s known as the Green River Formation in the three - state region — or roughly three times the known reserves of Saudi Arabia .
But the same report goes on to detail the technological uncertainties associated with extracting the oil and the potentially huge financial and environmental costs , including massive disturbance of the landscape , air and water - quality degradation and at least a 20 - year timeframe before as much as 1 million barrels a day could be produced .
This is an audio recording of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. giving the " I Have a Dream " speech during the Civil Rights rally on the steps at the Lincoln Memorial in Washington D.C. on August 28 , 1963 .
This is an audio recording of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. giving the " I Have a Dream " speech during the Civil Rights rally on the steps at the Lincoln Memorial in Washington D.C. on August 28 , 1963 .
favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 17 reviews ) Topic : Speeches Source : University of California , Berkeley : Library
A new direction for the
Nieman Watchdog Project
The Nieman Watchdog Project has changed course .
As of August 27 , 2012 , Watchdog stories will find a new home in Nieman Reports , the publication that has documented the most important shifts in journalism for the past 65 years .
Niemanwatchdog.org will remain online as an archive of important watchdog articles from the past eight years .
In addition , the Watchdog Project will be supporting a new Nieman Fellowship and expanding its programming on accountability journalism .
Announcement about Nieman Watchdog 's new direction Nieman Watchdog editor Barry Sussman 's goodbye column
The diners at Butch ’s Family Restaurant gave Republican Sen. Saxby Chambliss the warmest of welcomes when he stopped in recently .
They smiled as he moved from table to table , shaking hands and asking after each of them with avuncular concern .
A local pastor prayed for Chambliss , calling him a man who “ stands for principles we believe in . ”
“ Aw , I ’m getting a hug , ” said one middle - aged voter as she lunged toward the silver - haired lawmaker .
The heartwarming scene in this small town south of Atlanta does n’t seem to square with the image many Democrats paint of Chambliss : a practitioner of “ vile ” and “ despicable ” campaign tactics .
Advertisement
Six years ago , Chambliss was elected to the Senate after a bruising battle with the incumbent , Democrat Max Cleland , a decorated veteran who lost three limbs in Vietnam .
In the final days of the campaign , Chambliss ran an ad that showed images of Osama bin Laden and questioned Cleland ’s “ courage to lead ” in the war on terrorism .
Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) , now the GOP presidential nominee , joined a chorus of protest , mostly from Democrats .
A Vietnam War hero himself , McCain said the ad was “ worse than disgraceful -- it ’s reprehensible . ”
Today , Democrats are reveling in the fact that Chambliss -- once considered a shoo - in for reelection -- has seen his double - digit advantage in the polls narrowed to as little as 2 percentage points in recent weeks , a situation probably caused by the nation ’s current economic crisis and a weakened Republican brand .
To many Democrats , it feels like payback time .
Advertisement
“ We ’re delighted to see that this race is tightening , ” said David Gordon , a lawyer from Hartwell , Ga . The Cleland ad , he said , was “ below the belt and beyond the pale . ”
In recent weeks , those sentiments have been echoed on liberal blogs .
“ We will never forget how he won in 2002 , ” read one of the milder comments on Daily Kos .
The Georgia race is one of a handful of surprisingly tough battles Republican senatorial incumbents are being forced to wage in what were once considered safe Southern strongholds .
In most of the races , the Democratic challengers , like Chambliss ’ opponent , Jim Martin , remain underdogs .
Advertisement
But they are hoping to score upsets as voters fret over the economic crisis and as African Americans turn out in what are expected to be record numbers to vote for Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama .
Democratic victories in these states could help the party achieve a goal that seemed farfetched only a few months ago : a filibuster - proof majority in the Senate -- 60 seats or more -- which neither party has enjoyed since the Carter administration nearly 30 years ago .
The Democrats currently hold a 51 - 49 majority , achieved with the help of two simpatico independents .
In Georgia , however , party leaders say the race against Chambliss is about more than consolidating power in Washington ; it is also about avenging 2002 and the infamous ad .
Democrats complained angrily that it criticized Cleland for voting against a Republican homeland security bill , when Cleland had backed a Democratic version that was similar .
They were further incensed because Chambliss had not served in Vietnam ; he was born in 1943 but received deferments .
Advertisement
This season , Martin ’s first TV ad featured a cameo by Cleland , who noted that Martin was a fellow Vietnam veteran .
More recently , the 2002 ad ’s notoriety has been leveraged to raise money for broader Democratic goals .
This week , Cleland sent an e-mail asking Democrats to help raise $ 462,000 for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , which works to elect candidates nationwide .
Federal Election Commission filings show the committee has already spent at least $ 991,000 on ads in Georgia since the race tightened this month .
“ In 2002 , Saxby Chambliss won his Senate seat in the final days by putting my picture next to Osama bin Laden and lying about me , ” Cleland wrote in the e-mail .
“ It was despicable , but it worked . ”
Chambliss , a North Carolina - born attorney who speaks with a soft , kindly drawl , said the race has narrowed because of the economic turmoil that has jangled the nerves of conservatives and liberals alike .
Advertisement
“ The economy ’s been a major factor , no question about it , ” he said .
“ It ’s got people who are conservative just thinking about what direction they want to see the country go , from the presidential level on down . ”
Merle Black , a political scientist at Emory University in Atlanta , said Chambliss also upset segments of his base by supporting the comprehensive immigration overhaul bill , which some conservatives derided as “ amnesty , ” and the $ 700 - billion Wall Street bailout .
“ I realize many of you are disappointed in a few votes Saxby has cast as our U.S. senator , ” Insurance Commissioner John Oxendine wrote his supporters in an e-mail this week .
“ I respect your opinions as valid , and I know that Saxby does too .
However , the facts are this : Jim Martin is a very liberal Democrat who has more in common with ” Obama and Sen. Edward M. Kennedy ( D - Mass. ) than with former Georgia Sens. Sam Nunn or Zell Miller , both Democrats .
At Butch ’s , voters Russell Sheffield , 68 , and his wife , Dollie , had already arrived at this conclusion on their own .
They own a mobile home transportation business , and both had misgivings about Chambliss ’ support for the bailout .
But they were heartened by his other conservative bona fides .
Advertisement
Dollie Sheffield , 66 , said she had never considered the Democratic ticket .
“ They ’re too liberal , for one thing , ” she said .
Martin , the Democratic challenger , is a former state lawmaker .
He is hoping to benefit from a massive turnout among black voters .
In early voting in Georgia through Friday , blacks cast more than 35 % of the 967,000 votes tallied .
Blacks typically make up about 29 % of the state electorate .
“ Having Barack Obama at the top of the ticket makes a big difference , ” he said .
Advertisement
While Martin has attacked Chambliss for supporting the bailout , the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee has focused on Chambliss ’ advocacy of the FairTax concept , which would replace income taxes with a 23 % national sales tax .
One of the committee ’s ads claims that the idea , if implemented , would add $ 20 to a tank of gas -- but it does n’t mention the elimination of income taxes .
Thus , in 2008 , Chambliss finds himself taking umbrage at a misleading TV ad .
--
Advertisement
richard.fausset@latimes.com
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. regulators will not allow mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to pay their departing chief executives multimillion - dollar severance packages outlined in their contracts , The Washington Post reported on Sunday .
The headquarters of mortgage lender Freddie Mac is seen in Mclean , Virginia , near Washington , September 8 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jason Reed
The Federal Housing Finance Agency ( FHFA ) has notified former Fannie Mae Chief Executive Officer Daniel Mudd and former Freddie Mac Chief Executive Officer Richard Syron that the so - called “ golden parachutes ” will not be paid , the Post reported , citing an agency statement .
Mudd and Syron were entitled to combined pay and bonus packages worth about $ 24 million as part of the government ’s plan to restructure the troubled companies , which own or guarantee about half of the $ 11 trillion outstanding home mortgages in the United States .
The Post said a spokesman for Syron had no immediate comment and a lawyer representing Mudd did not return a phone call or e-mail .
The U.S. government took over the two mortgage giants last Sunday and replaced its management as part of a plan to recapitalize the two firms .
A law passed by Congress this summer gave FHFA Director James Lockhart the power to limit severance payments made to departing executives , the Post said .
The agency declined to specify what the former executives would lose or what parts of their contracts were in play , the newspaper said .
The golden parachute payments drew criticism from Democrats , including presidential contender Barack Obama , who said such a windfall was unacceptable and the government ’s failure to block the packages violated the public ’s trust .
Republican presidential nominee John McCain also opposed the severance packages , his chief economic adviser Douglas Holtz - Eakin said .
“ They ’re inappropriate , ” he told Reuters .
The government ’s bailout of Fannie and Freddie is designed to support the U.S. housing market , which has seen prices fall about 15 percent on average nationwide in the past year .
Defaults and foreclosures on U.S. home mortgages in the past two years have risen , contributing to losses of more than $ 500 billion by banks worldwide , exacerbating the global credit crisis of the past year .
The Real Housewives of Atlanta - made up mostly of women who are wives of athletes - are the shallowest , bitchiest , and most materialistic we 've seen in this Bravo series .
All of them act like the girls you see on MTV's My Super Sweet 16 - demanding designer labels , extravagant birthday cakes , and fully loaded Escalades - but perhaps the most disgusting is Shereé , who talks about how much " class " she has , which is a sure sign she does n't have any .
She 's the ex of some athlete , and she is fighting him for money so that she can continue to maintain her lifestyle , which includes an extensive staff ( personal assistant , chef , and publicist ) and buying $ 3,500 handbags that look like you can get them for a tenth of the price at Joyce Leslie .
She also thinks that " men are intimidated by successful women , " interesting only because I did n't realize that " success " is measured by how much you can take your ex-husband for .
Clip above .
Advertisement
Written by Chris Rah Osiris
According to CVG the R2 beta started today in the US and will start this upcoming Monday in Europe .
The site has received confirmation from Sony regarding the European beta start date .
Surprised by this news , I attempted to go to myresistance .
net and was greeted with a 404 error .
Has anyone received any beta codes ?
UPDATE : Yes , it does start today .
Gamestop pre-order codes have already started to be emailed out , hopefully Qore beta codes will hit today as well .
Tags
[ This article is excerpted from chapter 7 of What Has Government Done to Our Money ?
An MP3 audio version of this article , read by Dr. Floy Lilley , is available here . ]
The idea of private coinage seems so strange today that it is worth examining carefully .
We are used to thinking of coinage as a " necessity of sovereignty . "
Yet , after all , we are not wedded to a " royal prerogative , " and it is the American concept that sovereignty rests , not in government , but in the people .
How would private coinage work ?
In the same way , we have said , as any other business .
Each minter would produce whatever size or shape of coin is most pleasing to his customers .
The price would be set by the free competition of the market .
The standard objection is that it would be too much trouble to weigh or assay bits of gold at every transaction .
But what is there to prevent private minters from stamping the coin and guaranteeing its weight and fineness ?
Private minters can guarantee a coin at least as well as a government mint .
Abraded bits of metal would not be accepted as coin .
People would use the coins of those minters with the best reputation for good quality of product .
We have seen that this is precisely how the " dollar " became prominent — as a competitive silver coin .
Opponents of private coinage charge that fraud would run rampant .
Yet , these same opponents would trust government to provide the coinage .
But if government is to be trusted at all , then surely , with private coinage , government could at least be trusted to prevent or punish fraud .
It is usually assumed that the prevention or punishment of fraud , theft , or other crimes is the real justification for government .
But if government cannot apprehend the criminal when private coinage is relied upon , what hope is there for a reliable coinage when the integrity of the private marketplace operators is discarded in favor of a government monopoly of coinage ?
If government cannot be trusted to ferret out the occasional villain in the free market in coin , why can government be trusted when it finds itself in a position of total control over money and may debase coin , counterfeit coin , or otherwise with full legal sanction perform as the sole villain in the marketplace ?
It is surely folly to say that government must socialize all property in order to prevent anyone from stealing property .
Yet the reasoning behind abolition of private coinage is the same .
Moreover , all modern business is built on guarantees of standards .
The drug store sells an eight - ounce bottle of medicine ; the meat packer sells a pound of beef .
The buyer expects these guarantees to be accurate , and they are .
And think of the thousands upon thousands of specialized , vital industrial products that must meet very narrow standards and specifications .
The buyer of a 1 / 2 inch bolt must get a 1 / 2 inch bolt and not a mere 3/8 inch .
" It is surely folly to say that government must socialize all property in order to prevent anyone from stealing property .
Yet the reasoning behind abolition of private coinage is the same . "
Yet , business has not broken down .
Few people suggest that the government must nationalize the machine - tool industry as part of its job of defending standards against fraud .
The modern market economy contains an infinite number of intricate exchanges , most depending on definite standards of quantity and quality .
But fraud is at a minimum , and that minimum , at least in theory , may be prosecuted .
So it would be if there were private coinage .
We can be sure that a minter 's customers , and his competitors , would be keenly alert to any possible fraud in the weight or fineness of his coins .
Champions of the government 's coinage monopoly have claimed that money is different from all other commodities , because " Gresham 's Law " proves that " bad money drives out good " from circulation .
Hence , the free market cannot be trusted to serve the public in supplying good money .
But this formulation rests on a misinterpretation of Gresham 's famous law .
The law really says that
money overvalued artificially by government will drive out of circulation artificially undervalued money .
Suppose , for example , there are one - ounce gold coins in circulation .
After a few years of wear and tear , let us say that some coins weigh only .9 ounces .
Obviously , on the free market , the worn coins would circulate at only 90 percent of the value of the full - bodied coins , and the nominal face value of the former would have to be repudiated .
If anything , it will be the " bad " coins that will be driven from the market .
But suppose the government decrees that everyone must treat the worn coins as equal to new , fresh coins , and must accept them equally in payment of debts .
What has the government really done ?
It has imposed price control by coercion on the " exchange rate " between the two types of coin .
By insisting on the par ratio when the worn coins should exchange at 10 percent discount , it artificially overvalues the worn coins and undervalues new coins .
Consequently , everyone will circulate the worn coins , and hoard or export the new .
" Bad money drives out good money , " then , not on the free market , but as the direct result of governmental intervention in the market .
Despite never - ending harassment by governments , making conditions highly precarious , private coins have flourished many times in history .
True to the virtual law that all innovations come from free individuals and not the state , the first coins were minted by private individuals and goldsmiths .
In fact , when the government first began to monopolize the coinage , the royal coins bore the guarantees of private bankers , whom the public trusted far more , apparently , than they did the government .
Privately minted gold coins circulated in California as late as 1848 .
ALL NEGATIVE , ALL THE TIME ….
Greg Sargent reported last week that just about every single ad that the McCain campaign airs is now a negative ad .
Marc Ambinder follows up today with the latest figures from Ken Goldstein and the Wisconsin Advertising Project , showing that McCain / Palin has , in fact , stopped airing positive ads altogether .
I mentioned the other day that Cindy McCain told NBC in May that her husband ’s campaign wo n’t have any “ negative stuff , ” adding , “ You wo n’t see it come out of our side at all . ”
As it turns out , the DNC found an even better quote from McCain himself :
“ I just have to rely on the good judgment of the voters not to buy into these negative attack ads .
Sooner or later , people are going to figure out if all you run is negative attack ads you do n’t have much of a vision for the future or you ’re not ready to articulate it . ”
That was McCain in 2000 , when he apparently had a vision for the future and a readiness to articulate it .
Not anymore .
Elizabeth May insists the Greens are not a protest party but says she does n't have illusions of becoming the next prime minister like her NDP counterpart does .
" I 'm not going to pretend at the end of the next election I 'll be prime minister , " the Green party leader told CBC's Peter Mansbridge on The National Monday evening .
" I 'll let Jack [ Layton ] do the pretending . "
May aims to win at least 12 seats in the House of Commons , the number necessary to secure official party status .
She admits it will be a challenge — even in her own Central Nova riding in Nova Scotia , where she faces incumbent Conservative candidate Peter MacKay — but not impossible .
" We 're not for people who want to write ' none of the above ' [ on the ballot ] , " said May .
The Greens secured their first coup a week before the Sept. 7 election call when Liberal - turned - Independent MP Blair Wilson joined the party , giving the Greens their first seat in the House .
He is running for re-election in the riding of West Vancouver - Sunshine Coast - Sea to Sky Country .
But with scant hope of forming a government , May admitted her party of choice to win the Oct. 14 federal election would be Stéphane Dion 's Liberals .
Dion a ' second option '
Earlier in the campaign , Layton and Conservative leader Stephen Harper used May 's support for the Liberals as an argument for keeping her out of the televised leaders ' debates , which are to air this Wednesday and Thursday .
Her participation would be tantamount to allowing a second Liberal candidate in the debate , they said .
Following a public campaign opposing her exclusion , however , the two agreed to let her participate and the broadcast consortium invited her to join the debates .
At the time , Harper also said May would endorse the Liberal party before the five - week - long campaign wraps up .
May stressed that she 's not endorsing Dion but rather sees him as a " second option . "
" I think a minority government with Greens in the House of Commons , with parties we can work with , would make a real difference for this country , " she said .
With even a few Green representatives in the House , May said , the party would try to increase the respectful level of debate , which she says has fallen during Harper 's nearly three years in power .
" My goodness , it 's declined into a cesspool of partisanship , " she said .
Wants debates to be ' riveting '
May said she can't wait to participate in the leaders ' debates .
She was " heartened and inspired that so many people across the country were offended by the unfairness " of the other leaders ' initial demand that the Greens be kept out of the debates .
With the U.S. vice - presidential candidates Joe Biden and Sarah Palin debating the same night as the English - language federal leaders ' debate on Thursday , May said she hopes Canadians tune in and find their own democracy " riveting . "
[ squeak - dev ] Date for Squeak BoF at OOPSLA ?
Hi sam can you tell us more ( some of us like me will not attend OOPSLA ) .
From which VM did you started ?
setf
On Sep 10 , 2008 , at 2:04 AM , Sam Adams wrote : > Dave Ungar and I are planning to attend the Squeak BoF and demo our > current multicore VM work . >
Does anyone have an idea what day it will be ?
> Regards , > Sam > > > Sam S. Adams , IBM Distinguished Engineer , IBM Research > Asst : Brenda Robinson , tie 444-1497 , outside 919-254-1497 >
Mobile : 919-696-6064 , email : ssadams at us.ibm.com > << Hebrews 11:6 , Proverbs 3:5-6 , Romans 1:16 - 17 , I Corinthians 1:10 >> >
LB Readers , please let us know if you hear tale of any famously liberal law profs throwing their weight behind the McCain / Palin ticket .
For now , all we 've come across is the flip - side : notable conservatives supporting Obama / Biden .
The latest : Harvard 's Charles Fried , who served as solicitor general under President Reagan and as recently as January was working on behalf of McCain , has publicly endorsed the Democratic ticket .
Click here for the New Republic story written by Fried colleague Cass Sunstein .
According to TNR , in a letter to the McCain / Palin campaign , Fried asked that his name be removed from the several campaign - related committees on which he serves .
In that letter , he said that chief among the reasons for his decision " is the choice of Sarah Palin at a time of deep national crisis . "
In a note to TNR , Fried , who authored the book " Order and Law : Arguing the Reagan Revolution , " later explained himself , along the way rendering a not - so - hearty endorsement of Obama . :
I admire Senator McCain and was glad to help in his campaign , and to be listed as doing so ; but when I concluded that I must vote for Obama for the reason stated in my letter , I felt it wrong to appear to be recommending to others a vote that I was not prepared to cast myself .
So it was more of an erasure than a public affirmation -- although obviously my vote meant that I thought that Obama was preferable to McCain - Palin .
I do not consider abstention a proper option .
In this guide , I ’m going to share a really simple Flexbox layout to get you up and running when developing applications - in this case , with Rails .
Leveraging something like Bulma will give you a level of polish that might ...
Advertisements
After Exxon Mobil released an earnings report that showed a record quarterly profit of $ 11.68 billion , Barack Obama released a statement that criticized McCain ’s oil company friendly energy policy .
“ Perhaps the only thing more outrageous than Exxon Mobil making record profits while Americans are paying record prices at the pump is the fact that Senator McCain has proposed giving them an additional $ 1.2 billion tax break .
While Senator McCain ’s plan has succeeded in helping his campaign raise over $ 1 million from oil and gas company executives and employees just last month , it wo n’t lower gas prices or end our dangerous dependence on foreign oil , ” Obama said .
He also called for a new energy policy , “ Instead of an energy policy that reads like an oil - company wish list , it ’s time to create a new American energy economy
by investing in alternative energy , creating millions of new jobs , increasing fuel efficiency standards , and ending the tyranny of oil once and for all . ”
Advertisements
We all know that John McCain does n’t have a real energy policy .
He has completely embraced the GOP catch phrase “ drill more , use less . ”
The problem is that this slogan does n’t concern itself with the development of alternative energy , and since the GOP is in the back pocket of the oil companies , so they will never embrace any proposal that could result in decreased profits for Big Oil .
Ask yourself , what kind of party would oppose increasing healthcare for children , but favor billions of dollars in tax breaks for an industry that is reaping record profits , as Republicans have done .
McCain ’s energy policy which is nothing but a collection of Republican proposals that have been floating around , does n’t address the real problem , which is oil is a finite resource that is running out .
Our national efforts should be directed towards finding an alternative energy source , not protecting profits and providing tax breaks for wealthy corporations .
VISTA , Calif. , Sept. 3 ( UPI ) --
The son of an 88 - year - old man is trying to dissolve his father 's marriage to an 86 - year - old woman .
While a lawyer serving as guardian for Herbert Woodward II says the octogenarian has not been competent to enter any contract , marital or otherwise , the past two years , the children of Woodward 's wife , Wani Bielinski , say the couple love each other and should remain together , the San Diego Union - Tribune reported Tuesday .
Advertisement
" I do n't think dementia affects love , " said Bill Berwin of San Diego , Bielinski 's son .
" These are deep emotions . "
A judge in Vista Superior Court is to hear arguments Thursday .
Woodward and Bielinski met in an assisted - living facility in Carlsbad .
Bielinski's family says they married at the courthouse in Vista in 2006 when one of Woodward 's sons , who had objected to the wedding , was away .
Richard Hyatt , the lawyer , said his only concern is protecting Woodward , who now lives with his wife in a different facility .
" I do n't want to do anything to prevent Mr. Woodward from enjoying his
life with this woman , " Hyatt said .
" This is about protecting Mr. Woodward from being taken advantage of . "
Facebook
Copy to clipboard
Scoop : Tim Burton Might Direct Pirates 4
Big , big news on the next Pirates of the Caribbean movie , courtesy of one of our most reliable tipsters .
Our proven informant ( who we 're forced to keep anonymous ) wants you to know the following info should be taken with a " grain of salt and a dose of pepper , " things are still in motion , but here goes anyway .
Wondering how they 're going to make a whole Pirates movie with just Jack Sparrow ?
Or who else might return ?
Read on !
Most excitingly , there are talks of Captain Jack having a brother in the next movie , possibly to be played by Sacha Baron Cohen ( perfect ! ) or Russell Brand ( even more perfect ! )
Of course , that 's probably just fantasy casting , but why would either of those comedians turn the role down ?
As we 've mentioned before , the new movie might kick off a trilogy , which would revolve around Captain Jack 's search for the Fountain of Youth .
Geoffrey Rush and director Gore Verbinski are apparently both planning to return , but ... and this is a big maybe ...
Tim Burton might direct instead .
Tim Burton !
If there is a single director who could make people excited for a fourth Pirates movie , it has to be Burton .
He 's done so many amazing movies with Depp already , and might have the ability to make the new franchise as fresh and exciting as it was when the first movie came out .
After all , Tim Burton is already making a movie for Disney , and if Alice in Wonderland is going well , you can see how they 'd want to hang on to him
Again , this information is all up in the air , and could change at any moment .
But still , this is the best news we 've heard about the next Pirates movie , and pretty much the magic bullet it 'll take to make most of us care .
Russell Brand , get on the phone with your agent , and make this happen !
" Well , we know that he can't do that .
The only way around that is to have a waiver .
That waiver that has been in effect expires in 2011 .
That has not been resolved yet so that we can have the ability to buy flights for US astronauts on Russian spacecraft . "
The Libertarian Party of Michigan is fielding of full congressional slate in 2008 ; 15 candidates for the House of Representatives and Scotty Boman for U.S. Senate .
Today , all 16 issued a joint media release condemning the federal bailout of the financial system .
“ These problems were caused by the Republican and Democratic politicians in DC and the Federal Reserve ! ” says Scotty Boman .
“ They created the government monopolies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
They required them to insure no -money - down loans at artificially low rates to people without the ability to pay them back .
Â
They inflated the money supply , driving down interest rates , and artificially inflating home and asset values .
Â
Giving the same incompetent government regulators even more control over the market would be insane . ”
Leonard Schwartz , US House candidate for Michigan ’s 5th District expresses similar outrage .
Â
“ These firms made loans , which is naturally a risky business .
They made a lot of money on most of those loans .
Â
Now they want us to pay for the ones that went bad .
Â
This situation is the same as if a casino wanted to keep all the wagers they won , but wanted taxpayers to cover all their payouts . ”
Daniel Grow , who ’s running for Congress in Michigan ’s vast 1st District ( which includes the entire upper peninsula and a good 1/3 of the sparsley populated northern lower peninsula ) , says the banking industry is already over - regulated , with the SEC , Sarbanes - Oxley , etc .
He fingers the Fed and efforts to expand home - ownership as the impetus for this crisis : “ Loose monetary policy and efforts to expand home ownership caused this crisis , and further regulation will not fix anything , ” Grow says .
“ Pumping in more money will at best only temporarily delay necessary adjustments , ultimately bringing a worse crisis , and is a thinly veiled effort to seek short - term political gain . ”
“ It ’s us hard - working Americans who work , save to buy a home , and pay our bills who are being asked to mortgage not only our future , but our children ’s and grandchildren ’s future to pay for this , ” adds CD - 2 candidate , Dan Johnson .
“ We need to stop this now , and we need to elect a Libertarian Congress in November .
Otherwise , we risk further federal manipulation of our economy , which will ultimately fail and drive us into a deeper and longer depression than will occur naturally without further manipulation .
Should this bailout go through , we will have handed the inmates the keys to the asylum . ”
As for an alternative , Scotty Boman offers the following : “ The fastest way out of this mess is to free those hard - working Americans who have demonstrated they are responsible with their finances to continue to work hard , invest in our economy , and create jobs .
Â
We must not tax , regulate and penalize them to bail out those on Wall Street and Main Street who have demonstrated they are not responsible , and will likely do the same thing again , and expect yet another bail out . ”
Villagers from Julah in Tejakula , Buleleng , Indonesia , tow a pregnant cow behind a boat into open sea as part of a local traditional ritual .
The cow , which is five months pregnant , was thrown out to the sea about 3 kilometers from land on Monday .
The villagers believe the animal was impregnated by a village elder .
During the ritual the man , who was caught red - handed having sexual intercourse with the cow two months ago , joined the boat trip in order to throw away his clothes to to symbolize him discarding his sins .
Julah customary village head Ketut Sidemen said the ritual , called gamya gamana , or freak weeding , and had been conducted there for generations .
The decision to perform the ritual was made a local residents meeting .
In line with customary regulations , the perpetrator , identified only as PS , 70 , was sanctioned to fund the expensive ceremony , which aimed to cleanse him of any bad influences .
Luh Ketut Suryani , a professor and activist , deplored the sancation against PS .
She said drowning a cow was baseless because sexual intercourse between a human being and am animal could not cause pregnancy due to the different chromosomes and genes of the two .
" The cow is not guilty , why should it be drowned ? "
The European Parliament has voted in favor of an amendment that will prevent member states from implementing three - stikes laws .
Disconnecting alleged file - sharers based on evidence from anti-piracy lobby groups restricts the rights and freedoms of Internet users , according to the amendment .
The power of anti-piracy lobbyists has grown significantly across Europe this year .
In the UK , six major ISPs are working together with the music industry to start mass warning file - sharers .
France has gone even further , and proposed a law that will enable the entertainment industry to disconnect alleged pirates on their third warning .
Both the MPAA and RIAA have pushed other countries to adopt similar legislation as well , but it will be hard for them to succeed in Europe .
In April , the European Parliament spoke out against these anti-piracy measures , by saying it would be “ conflicting with civil liberties and human rights and with the principles of proportionality , effectiveness and dissuasiveness ” .
Yesterday , this statement was backed up by an official vote .
The amendment , drafted by Guy Bono and other members of the European Parliament , was adopted by an overwhelming majority .
573 parliament members voted in favor while only 74 rejected .
Satisfied with this outcome , Bono stated in a response to the vote : “ You do not play with individual freedoms like that , ” and said that the French government should review its three - strikes law . ”
The vote was welcomed in other member states as well .
Swedish EU parliamentarian Christofer Fjellner said in a comment : “ What ’s important about this decision is that now it ’s clear that you ca n’t force [ internet service ] providers to ban people from the Internet without a legal process . ”
It is scary to see how lobby groups are awarded powers that should only belong to law - enforcement agencies .
Evidence should never be collectedly by parties who gather it in their own interests , and it is a relief to see that the European Parliament agrees on this .
Imagine the stink that would erupt were David Cameron to stand up in front of a dinner of rich Conservative backers and make a “ joke ” that implied that Sarah Brown had had a lesbian affair with Jacqui Smith and produced a love child ( and an ugly one to boot ) .
Can you imagine British papers deciding to downplay the story because it was in such bad taste , allowing Cameron to carry on with his assault on Downing Street ?
Cross the pond and that is exactly what happened to John McCain at a fundraising dinner in Arizona a decade ago .
“ Do you know why Chelsea Clinton is so ugly ? ” he told a handful of big Republican funders .
“ Because Janet Reno is her father . ”
The remark packed into its 15 words several layers of misogyny .
It disparaged the looks of Chelsea , then 18 and barely out of high school ; it portrayed Reno as a man at a time when she was serving as the first female US attorney general ; and it implied that Hillary Clinton was engaged in a lesbian affair while the Monica Lewinsky scandal was blazing .
Not bad going , Senator McCain .
Any one of those elements would seem potentially terminal for a public figure .
Yet here he is 10 years later presenting himself as a champion of feminism by appointing Sarah Palin as his running mate .
The puzzle is explained partly by the US press , which barely reported the story .
The Washington Post broke it in June 1998 but declined to relate the joke on the grounds it was “ too vile to repeat ” .
Such coyness has long been ingrained in the US media , which has an annoying tendency to regard its readers as wayward children in need of moral protection .
That ’s one important reason , incidentally , that blogs are doing so well in the US - they have no such scruples and behave in ways more akin to the British than the mainstream American media .
Think of presidential candidate John Edwards ’ affair and alleged love child .
The refusal of most newspapers to touch the story was ridiculed in the blogosphere for weeks before Edwards himself “ legitimised ” it by confessing .
After his misogynist joke , McCain said sorry to Bill Clinton ( though he made no direct apology to the three women involved ) and the incident was all but forgotten .
Should he win on November 4 , his friends in the press might have some answering to do .
It is a common refrain among politicians lamenting the state of America 's health care system : spending more on health care does n't necessarily make the United States a healthier country .
That 's a theme repeated in the report accompanying the Democratic Party 's convention platform .
It claims , " We spend more on health care than any other country , but we 're ranked 47th in life expectancy and 43rd in child mortality . "
The first part of the statement is certainly true .
The United States has spent more per capita on health care than any other country for decades , and its spending has grown faster , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation .
A recent Kaiser Family Foundation analysis shows that in the most recent figures available , U.S. spending on health care per capita was $ 5,711 in 2003 .
The second - place finisher , Luxembourg , spends $ 4,611 .
As for life expectancy and child mortality , the Democratic National Committee could n't provide the source for the platform committee 's statistics .
But the numbers do match Census Bureau statistics that are used in the CIA 's 2008 World Factbook , which shows the United States ranks 47th in life expectancy and 43rd in child mortality .
You might see different rankings depending on where you look .
The United States scores better in lists compiled by the World Health Organization or the United Nations .
That 's because each of these organizations ranks countries differently .
The U.S. Census Bureau includes many more places in its rankings , such as tiny territories and small chunks of countries , as the Wall Street Journal 's " The Numbers Guy " blog has pointed out .
Still , no matter whose list you check , there 's no denying that the United States ' infant mortality rate is higher than other large industrialized countries such as the United Kingdom , Australia , Germany and Japan .
And this is true despite the United States being the world leader in spending .
We give the Democratic platform committee a True .
Isiah Thomas Overdose
Former New York Knicks coachwas rushed to the hospital early Friday morning after an overdose on prescription sleeping pills .
Police were called to Thomas ' home in Purchase , New York , after he took roughly 10 Lunesta sleeping pills .
" He was unconscious , but breathing on his own , " according to Harrison Police Chief David Hall .
He was transported to White Plains hospital around midnight , where his stomach was pumped .
According to Thomas ' son Joshua , police were called to the home because his sister Lauren , 18 , who suffers from hypoglycemia , was n't feeling well .
He says reports of sleeping pills are false , adding , " He does n't take sleeping pills .
He does n't really take anything that 's not organic . "
" He looked faint from stressing over her .
They sat him down , let him drink some water .
He 's fine , " the son said .
" Another great plot " is being investigated by the authorities , counter - terrorism minister Lord West warned today .
" There is another great ( terrorist ) plot building up again and we are monitoring this , " he told peers during a debate on new security laws .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Lord West , the former head of the Royal Navy , revealed the existence of the plot as the House of Lords continued debating the Counter Terrorism Bill .
He gave no more details of the threat .
His warning came less than 24 hours after peers forced the Government to abandon plans to extend maximum pre-charge detention for terror suspects to 42 days .
Home Secretary Jacqui Smith dropped the measure from the Bill after it was defeated in the upper house by 191 votes .
But she warned critics that they were exposing the country to a greater risk .
Lord West was speaking during exchanges after repeating the Home Secretary 's emergency statement last night setting out her plans to keep the 42 - day proposals in a separate piece of legislation to be introduced if needed in face of an emergency .
He told peers : " Some of the measures that we have put into place in the past 15 months have made us safer , but that does not mean that we are safe .
" The threat is huge .
It dipped slightly and is now rising again within the context of ' severe ' .
There are large complex plots .
We unravelled one , which caused damage to al - Qa'ida and the plots faded slightly .
" However , another great plot is building up again , which we are monitoring .
" We have done a great deal to protect ourselves and to look after our water supplies , our resilience , underground trains , our preparedness and communications .
" We have done all the things that we need to do , but the threat is building - the complex plots are building . "
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
The current threat level in the UK is assessed officially as " severe " - the second highest rating .
In a speech last year , MI5 director general Jonathan Evans said 2,000 individuals had been identified in the UK who were considered to pose a direct threat to national security because of their support for terrorism .
And he warned that there could be as many again which MI5 did not know about .
The civil action is being brought over a statue of Jesus
An art gallery is facing a trial at crown court over claims it displayed an indecent statue of Jesus Christ .
The artwork was part of an exhibition at Gateshead 's Baltic Centre featuring several plaster figures with erections .
A private prosecution is being brought by Christian group member Emily Mapfuwa , 40 , of Essex , on the grounds the statue outraged public decency .
The gallery elected to have the case sent to a higher court from Gateshead Magistrates ' Court on Tuesday .
The statue was part of Baltic 's September 2007 to January 2008 exhibition by controversial Chinese - born artist Terence Koh , " Gone , Yet Still " .
This statue served no other purpose than to offend Christians and to denigrate Christ
Christian Legal Centre spokesman
Mrs Mapfuwa , of Brentwood , instructed her lawyers to seek a private prosecution against the gallery for outraging public decency and causing harassment alarm and distress to the public .
Godfrey Worsdale , who is due to take over as the gallery 's director in November , said he could not comment on the legal action .
Last year Northumbria Police began a child pornography investigation after a photograph owned by Sir Elton John was seized from an exhibition at the centre .
The photo , Klara and Edda Belly Dancing by American Nan Goldin , was withdrawn the day before it was due to go on display .
The Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) decided it was not indecent .
State water deliveries could be slashed next year if California continues its dry streak , a move that could lead to widespread rationing .
California Department of Water Resources officials Thursday said water agencies could get as little as 15 % of their State Water Project allocations , although that figure could go up if Sierra Nevada rain and snowfall return to normal in the coming months .
“ We ’re clearly making a major call for extra conservation , but also permanent conservation , ” said water resources director Lester Snow , who renewed the Schwarzenegger administration ’s call for the construction of new reservoirs .
Officials at Southern California ’s major water supplier , the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California , say its board soon will discuss whether to initiate cutbacks .
Advertisement
“ We are preparing for the real possibility of water shortages and rationing , ” said Jeff Kightlinger , the MWD ’s general manager .
Last spring was the driest since 1921 in the northern Sierra , depleting reservoirs in the State Water Project , which provides about a third of urban Southern California ’s water .
A court ruling to protect delta smelt has reduced pumping from the Sacramento - San Joaquin Delta , the crossroads for sending water south to the San Joaquin Valley and the Southland .
Snow said state reservoirs are starting the rainy season at their lowest levels since 1977 , when California was hit by a severe drought .
Advertisement
But state records show that if all the reservoirs that supply California , including major ones on the Colorado River , are taken into account , the picture is not so bleak .
The overall water storage is roughly 70 % of the average for this time of year .
This year ’s flows into Lake Powell , which catches water from the upper Colorado River Basin , were above average , easing a long - term drought on the river .
Storms are expected statewide in the next few days and state meteorologist Elissa Lynn also said there is a potential for more precipitation this rainy season than last .
Advertisement
Water agencies rarely get their full allotment of deliveries from the State Water Project , which promises more water on paper than it usually has the ability to deliver .
Initial state project allocations , such as the 15 % figure announced Thursday , also can change dramatically over the course of a year .
The lowest was in 1993 , when the state anticipated that it would deliver only 10 % of its customers ’ water requests .
But conditions improved and contractors wound up getting 100 % .
Two dry years in a row in the state , delta pumping cutbacks and an eight - year drought on the Colorado River led to scattered urban rationing this year and irrigation cutbacks in the San Joaquin Valley .
Advertisement
The MWD , which supplies water to agencies that serve 19 million people , mounted a voluntary conservation program that Kightlinger said has reduced water use by 8 % to 10 % .
But the MWD ’s Diamond Lake reservoir is nearly half empty and the agency ’s water reserves are down by a third .
--
bettina.boxall@latimes.com
Curious about how Google 's upcoming mobile phone operating system Android will work ?
Give it a spin on a free online G1 Android emulator on T - Mobile 's web site .
Not all features in the emulator work , but it does give you a good idea of Android 's look and feel . [ via ]
Advertisement
John McCain has made it clear this week he does n't understand what 's happening on Wall Street any better than Barack Obama does .
But on Thursday , he took his populist riffing up a notch and found his scapegoat for financial panic -- Christopher Cox , the chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission .
To give readers a flavor of Mr. McCain untethered , we 'll quote at length : " Mismanagement and greed became the operating standard while regulators were asleep at the switch .
The primary regulator of Wall Street , the Securities ...
Representative Charles B. Rangel , chairman of the Congressional committee that writes the nation ’s tax code , failed to pay an unspecified amount in federal taxes during the past five years on rental income from a villa he owns in the Dominican Republic , his lawyer said on Tuesday .
Mr. Rangel , a Harlem Democrat who is chairman of the Ways and Means Committee , has owned the beachfront house at the Punta Cana resort and club since 1988 , but never declared the $ 75,000 in rental income he has earned either on his tax returns or on his Congressional financial disclosure form .
When Mr. Rangel ’s legal advisers first acknowledged the unreported income last week , during interviews with reporters , they said his accountants had determined that he would probably owe back taxes to the city and New York State , but not the federal government .
But on Tuesday , his lawyer , Lanny Davis , said that the accountants had since revised their calculations and determined that Mr. Rangel would owe “ a modest amount ” to the federal government for unpaid taxes over the last five years .
Mr. Davis said Mr. Rangel was likely to owe both the state and the city a similar amount over the same period .
The combined total of back taxes owed to the city , state and federal governments will probably be “ several thousands of dollars , ” Mr. Davis said .
( Oliver ) I 've always felt that in the debates , America will finally see Obama and McCain side by side discussing important issues and for those that are undecided , decisions will be made .
I 've written that the debates are essential for Obama to pull ahead and stay there all the way to November .
And the imagery alone will favor Obama .
He looks confident , reassuring and strong while McCain looks tired and haggard .
His face visibly shows the wear and tear of the campaign .
That 's important in our pop culture world .
Download Download
I thought that the economy should have been the first topic that 's debated by Obama and McCain because of the awful shape we find ourselves in .
Friday 's topic was supposed to be " national security , " but Marc Ambinder writes :
Friday 's Debate Will Focus In Part On The Economy
24 Sep 2008 08:00 pm
It has to , right ?
How could Jim Lehrer , a newsman , not ask about the economy ?
Well , he will .
A senior Obama adviser says that the CPD has told both campaigns that there will be questions about the economic crisis during Friday 's debate .
They were told this last week ...
Since McCain knew about this last week I wonder if he 's trying to duck out because in all the polling that 's been done , Obama has a substantial lead on the economy .
He pulled his stunt yesterday even though he's not involved in any committee , but it looks like the debate will take place without him .
And now there 's some thought saying that McCain will vote against the new bill .
CQPolitics :
Interestingly , when President Bush addressed the nation just minutes later , he essentially agreed to the exact same set of principles in his own speech .
So the question is :
Why would n't McCain agree to a fairly innocuous , Mom and apple pie set of conditions for a bill ?
Democrats fear this morning that McCain is setting up a scenario in which he will vote against the bill , rally conservatives to his side and , most importantly , distance himself from both President Bush and Congress before the election .
As Digby says :
By GEOFF MULVIHILL
Associated Press Writer
MOUNT LAUREL , N.J. ( AP ) -- A Princeton University student who argued that his conservative views were not accepted on the campus confessed to fabricating an assault and sending threatening e-mail messages to himself and some friends who shared his views , authorities said Monday .
Princeton Township police said Francisco Nava was not immediately charged with any crime , but the investigation was continuing .
Nava claimed to have been assaulted Friday by two men off - campus , police said .
But he later confessed that scrapes and scratches on his face were self - inflicted , and that the threats were his work , too , said Detective Sgt. Ernie Silagyi .
A spokeswoman for the Ivy League university said that disciplinary action -- which could range from a warning to expulsion -- was pending Monday .
" The university takes all matters related to the safety of its community members very seriously , " said spokeswoman Lauren Robinson - Brown .
" It 's particularly concerning that a student would fabricate such matters . "
Nava , a 23 - year - old junior politics major from Bedford , Texas , found himself at the center of one campus controversy recently when he wrote a column for the student newspaper , The Princetonian , criticizing the school for giving out free condoms , which he said encouraged a dangerous " hook - up culture . "
A debate followed on the opinion pages of the paper .
A short time later , Nava made his first report to the university public safety office that he was receiving threatening messages in his campus mailbox .
A friend says Nava told him one message read , in capital letters : " ONE MORE ARTICLE AND YOU WON'T LIVE TO SEE THE LIGHT OF DAY . "
Other members of the Anscombe Society , a conservative student organization , who have spoken out against premarital sex and gay marriage , said they received similar threats .
So did Robert George , a professor in the politics department .
Robinson - Brown would not say exactly how the university responded to the threats .
But she said , in general , when students are threatened they are given access to counselors , assured that the campus security force will take their calls right away and can be moved to new dorm rooms .
In The Princetonian on Friday , another student , Brandon McGinley , wrote that the threats Nava received did not get the same forceful response as anti-gay graffiti that appeared this semester on the blackboards outside the dorm rooms of some gay students .
It 's an argument that Nava and others have frequently made about the campus , which is considered more politically conservative than some other Ivy League schools but to the left of most of the country .
McGinley called it a double standard , which made it seem OK to " use intimidation tactics to silence the voices of morally conservative students . "
But the threats , like the attack , turned out to be a hoax .
" Everyone feels saddened , shocked and surprised to have been dragged along in this , " McGinley said .
" We 're all extremely concerned for ( his ) mental state . "
McGinley said it was a surprise that Nava , who was a resident assistant in a dorm and a member of a campuswide committee on religious life , would be involved in such a hoax .
But he said that after the purported attack , Nava 's friends began comparing notes and found some several inconsistencies he told them about threats and the attack .
He said they told authorities about them .
Nava did not respond immediately to an e-mail from The Associated Press on Monday .
A phone listing for him could not be located .
Hormone may stimulate development of cancer cells Eating meat and dairy products may increase the risk of prostate cancer , research suggests .
Such a diet raises levels of a hormone called Insulin - like Growth Factor - 1 ( IGF - 1 ) which promotes cell growth .
A University of Oxford team examined the results of 12 studies , featuring a total of nearly 9,000 men .
They found men with high blood levels of IGF - 1 were up to 40 % more likely to develop prostate cancer than those with low levels .
The study appears in the journal Annals of Internal Medicine .
IGF - 1 plays a key role in the growth and development of children and adolescents .
In adults it continues to regulate cell growth and death , but it can also inhibit the death of cells which have come to the end of their natural life cycle .
Extent unclear Lead researcher Dr Andrew Roddam said the degree to which diet influenced IGF - 1 levels was unclear .
But he said levels could be up to 15 % higher in people who ate a lot of meat and dairy products .
Dr Roddam said : " There is a need to identify risk factors for prostate cancer , especially those which can be targeted by therapy and / or lifestyle changes .
" Now we know this factor is associated with the disease we can start to examine how diet and lifestyle factors can affect its levels and whether changes could reduce a man 's risk . "
Dr Roddam said raised levels of IGF - 1 were likely not only to increase the risk of developing prostate cancer , but also to aid the spread of tumours .
Research shows that cells fed IGF - 1 grow much more quickly .
However , Dr Roddam said there was no evidence to suggest that measuring IGF - 1 levels could be used to develop a new test to screen for prostate cancer .
Each year in the UK more than 34,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer and around 10,000 die of the disease .
Dr Lesley Walker , of the charity Cancer Research UK , which funded the study , said : " While there are established risk factors associated with prostate cancer of age , family history , and ethnicity , there are no clear data on modifiable risk factors . "
And Debbie Clayton , of the Prostate Cancer Charity , agreed such areas of research could be useful .
But she added : " More research is needed , however , before this can be translated into useful advice for men on which foods may need to be modified in their diet . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Politico's Daniel Libit reports that since Rep. Michele Bachmann 's " McCarthyist " rant on " Hardball " last week , cable bookers have been clamoring to get her on the air .
In the interview , Bachmann told Chris Matthews that she " wish[ed ] the American media would take a great look at the views of the people in Congress and find out , are they pro-America or anti-America ?
I think people would be — would love to see an expose like that . "
But there was a bit more from Matthews not in today 's piece :
Michele Bachmann may be leery about returning to Chris Matthews ’ show , but Matthews tells Politico he ’d love to get the Minnesota congresswoman back on “ Hardball ” after their headline - grabbing exchange last Friday .
“ I ’ve always wanted to get Zell Miller back on , ” Matthews said .
Matthews and the former Georgia senator had an infamously contentious encounter with the MSNBC host following the 2004 Republican National Convention .
Friday ’s appearance was Bachmann ’s first Matthews show and possibly her last .
When asked , Bachmann spokeswoman Michelle Marston would n’t say whether her candidate would do “ Hardball ” again if invited back on .
“ I have a standard job , ” Matthews said , “ I do n’t have to focus on the subject in my interview , just my method .
I try to ask questions that are relevant , to the point and get responses .
And I try to listen very well to what I hear . ”
Matthews dodged Bachmann ’s claim that she had been painted into a corner in the interview .
The clip " is open to observation , ” he said .
“ You do n’t need a filter to tell you what happened . ”
He said he was instantly surprised when he heard Bachmann associate Obama and anti-Americanism .
“ This is all new territory for me to hear what she had to say , ” Matthews said .
comments closed
permalink
DIGG THIS
There should be no surprise to readers of LewRockwell.com that the State statistics on inflation seek to cover up most of the problem .
However , this article is not on government statistics ( or propaganda , which is probably a better word for it ) but on economics research on the phenomenon of inflation .
Libertarians as well as Austrian economists would agree that inflation is a problem that needs to be dealt with ( i.e. , government needs to stop meddling with the economy ) , and we often tell the story of how inflation " eats up " wealth and creates imbalances in the market place while offering great opportunities for the State to increase its powers and further strengthen its hold on our society .
We often stress that the definition of inflation used by both the State and the economics profession is " incorrect " and that the " general increase in price levels " definition should be replaced by the Austrian " increase in money supply " definition .
It is true that the latter is a whole lot more correct in both explaining and describing the problem while pinpointing what is really going on and how these problems could be overcome .
However , it is not simply the fact that the generally accepted definition is " wrong " — it is also " evil " in that it includes quite a bit of propaganda for State control of the marketplace and the rest of society .
It should be clear to anyone with some knowledge in how the economy works that all the individuals in it work together like an invisible hand to produce goods and services and that they tend to do so ever more efficiently .
This is true even in a regulated market , which is why even monstrous welfare states talk about the importance of and try to " encourage " economic growth .
The concept is a bit confusing , though , since the economy does n’t only grow — " it " strives to get increasingly efficient in the use of resources in order to produce goods and services of [ even greater ] value to consumers .
Such increased efficiency is generally achieved by entrepreneurs , be they capital owners or labor workers , and innovators finding new ingenious ways of using the resources available .
In such a market the natural tendency is for prices to fall — anything else would be incomprehensible .
Even in the world of neo-classical economics this is a fact despite the endless calculations on fixed cost functions and production technologies .
Competition spurs cost- cutting and efficiency - increasing measures for the actors to gain advantages in the market through satisfying consumers ’ wants by offering better products at lower cost .
So how could prices ever increase in such a setting ?
Yet the definition used for inflation is the general increase in prices .
Of course , even those trained in mainstream neo-classical economics should realize such a phenomenon is a symptom of something being wrong .
But what is commonly overlooked or not understood ( or at least not mentioned ) is that inflation is not something going wrong as shown in price increases — it is wrong because prices do n’t fall .
In other words , if inflation is taken as only the price increase the statistic necessarily and systematically overlooks the natural price fall that is also a part of inflation .
If prices in the market would naturally fall by 5 % in a specific year but we instead experience a 5 % increase in prices , the real " price increase inflation " is n’t the experienced 5 % increase compared to the level of prices the previous year but the new level compared to what the level would have been , i.e. 105%/95 % = 10.5 % .
In this simple example the official inflation statistic would only take into account less than half of the real price increase inflation .
The inflation statistic of 5 % in the example does n’t take into account that the market is never static ; it simply compares the price level of one year with the price level of another year as if nothing has happened : the cost and production functions are the same ( i.e. , competition has no effect ) , the money supply is exogenous or unimportant ( i.e. , printing more money has no effect ) , and time has a " reverse " effect ( it would obviously be better to always sell goods at a later time while producing as early as possible since all prices go up — the best thing you can do is horde and " never " sell ) .
It is true that such a world as the one implied by the inflation statistic is very neo-classical in that it is so oversimplified that it does n’t make sense at all ( but allows for taking nice derivatives to optimize abstract functions ) .
It is also true that it is literally impossible to tell how much prices would have fallen , which means the inflation statistic is nowhere close to the real inflation rate and also that it is impossible to even guess how wrong it is .
For obvious reasons the State benefits quite a lot from using this definition of inflation .
After all , it covers up most of the effects of its tampering with the market .
But why in the world would anyone doing economic research use such a statistic that is so totally flawed ?
One possible answer to this question is that the economics profession ( generally speaking ) is not about economic truths , but aim to serve the State through providing research on how it can " optimize " its policies to best take advantage of the market processes .
If this is the case , then the economics profession overall should know little about how the market really works — and what would cause it to fail .
The Best of Per Bylund
Two homes in Denver ’s Platt Park neighborhood have the same address .
But homeowners Dan Rees and Elizabeth Lopez use different doorbells so they know which front porch to greet their guests at .
One of the couple ’s favorite tricks is to open one door and wave hello while newbie visitors stand dumbfounded at the other door .
It ’s a perk of living in one home that used to be two .
“ We started out joking around that we should buy one of the neighbors ’ houses , ” says Rees , a 44 - year - old economics professor at the University of Colorado at Denver .
“ I would build an underground tunnel so I could stay in one house with the dog , and my wife could be in the other house with the children . ”
Then one night their next - door neighbor knocked on the couple ’s door to say he was selling his home .
“ And just like that , the tunnel idea was no longer just a funny thing to say , ” adds Lopez , a 33 - year - old Medicaid analyst who speaks with a musical Venezuelan accent .
A way to stay
Rather than scrape or pop the top of their historic brick bungalow purchased in 1995 , Rees and Lopez opted for an unusual solution that doubled their living space without negatively affecting the character of their neighborhood .
The couple purchased the house next to theirs and connected the two buildings .
What was once a two - bedroom , 1,000 - square - foot property is now a 2,000 - square - foot home with two separate wings joined by a breakfast nook and sunroom .
And the renovation managed to retain the charm of both of the nearly - 100 - year - old houses .
The couple now manages two mortgages , cleans two houses and picks up mail and fliers left at both front doors .
The new house has air conditioning while the old house does n’t , and only one of the properties has an energy - efficient furnace .
And while the city of Denver classifies the property as one address , assessors still see it as two homes .
The last time these linked houses were assessed , the value for one increased by $ 200,000 while the value of the other decreased by $ 200,000 — splitting the difference , Rees says .
But the benefit is added quiet , privacy and space for the children these homeowners hope to have one day .
“ A lot of young couples move out of the city proper because it ’s too expensive to get a house that has the space ” they need , Rees says .
“ We love this neighborhood , and we want to stay to raise our children right here . ”
His wife initially harbored doubts .
She worried about destroying the integrity of the two older homes and that the attachment would be ugly and unwieldy .
Now that construction is done , Lopez loves how easy it is to move around her much larger kitchen .
She also enjoys such energy - conscious touches as well - placed skylights that help illuminate the space without using electricity .
And her husband likes being able to watch TV or listen to music as loud as he wants in one house without disturbing his partner while she works in her studio in the other house .
Not everyone shares their enthusiasm .
The couple ’s former neighbor , Dan Kruzek , dislikes the renovation .
“ I must be a preservationist at heart because I do n’t approve of it — along with so many other development projects that have taken away from the character of Platt Park , ” Kruzek said last week , chosing to comment only through an e-mail interview .
Neighbor Vikki South , who has been only in the kitchen , was intrigued by the two - year renovation .
“ I think this is the first time I ’ve ever seen two separate houses joined together like this , ” South says .
Odd idea , simple work
The combined homes are laid out in a “ U ” shape with the newly constructed , 12 - foot - long addition tucked in the back .
At first glance , passers - by see only a small chain link fence and what appears to be a back porch .
And soon , strategically planted bushes will screen even that clue that the adjacent houses are joined .
Jim Schneck of MasterBuild Architects calls the 100 - square foot breakfast - nook addition a “ gentle connection ” because it ’s built on piers instead of a foundation .
That way , it can easily be removed if the couple ever wants to restore the bungalows as individual houses .
But even Schneck was n’t immediately sold on the idea .
He originally tried to talk Rees and Lopez into popping the top of their own home , saying it would be more cost efficient to put $ 100,000 into an addition than forking out more than $ 300,000 to buy the house next door and then spend another $ 100,000 to connect them .
But Schneck quickly accepted the challenge when Rees showed him the 100 square foot cigar box that was the original home ’s kitchen .
“ As an architect , I ’m not used to clients saying they will spend more money , ” Schneck says , “ but they felt strongly about preserving the character of the house and the neighborhood . ”
The breakfast nook addition now includes a modern kitchen with stainless - steel appliances , a stained concrete island , maple custom cabinets and a brick backsplash .
Cascading open shelves help the space feel more generous .
Natural light pours into the space through 8 - by - 8 - foot sliding glass doors that open directly onto a lush backyard , which has doubled in size and offers plenty of room for the couple ’s 6 - year - old dog , Niña , to romp .
All that light makes for a festive setting for parties and gatherings and hosting overnight guests , so the couple now refers to that wing as “ The Sunroom . ”
Meanwhile , the darker palette of the original home with its wood trim , flooring and built - in cabinets creates a more lived - in feeling .
The homeowners refer to that part of their property as “ The Moon House . ”
Although the concept of linking neighboring properties seems unorthodox , the construction was actually very standard , according to Kevin Molick of Timberleaf Construction .
“ Rather than do a total gut , ” Molick says , “ we designed with minimal destruction to open up the rooms . ”
He traveled to a mill in Texas to get the same old southern yellow pine flooring throughout the original house to use in the addition , then seamlessly laced the old floor with the new .
And a bench that seats two at a cozy table inside the breakfast nook was reclaimed from an old church .
Molding in the space is new but was selected to match what already existed in the original home .
To keep the nook from overheating , a solar trellis was built to block out the hot summer sun and reflect warmth from the winter sun .
The addition features many green building materials , including a Trex patio , radiant in - floor heat and solar tube lights .
“ At the basic level , the most green thing you can do is to reuse what you ’ve got , ” Schneck says .
“ Keeping the old two houses intact and not demolishing them to make another one was the first start .
The next was preserving all the original materials . ”
Sheba R. Wheeler : 303-954-1283 or swheeler@denverpost.com
Doctors and psychotherapists generally do n’t like it when their patients do n’t get better .
But the fact is that lots of patients elude our clinical skill and therapeutic cleverness .
That ’s often when the trouble starts .
I met one such patient not long ago , a man in his early 30s , who had suffered from depression since his teenage years .
In six years of psychotherapy , he had been given nearly every antidepressant under the sun , but his mood had n’t budged .
Weeping in my office one day , he explained that he was depressed because he was a failure and a whiner .
“ Even my therapist agreed with me , ” he said .
“ She said that maybe I do n’t want to get better . ”
I could well imagine his therapist ’s frustration .
She had been working with him for nearly three years without significant progress , and she was now doing what many clinicians do when the chips are down : blame the patient for failing to improve .
Gilf al - Kebir is a remote plateau near the Libyan border Eleven European tourists have been kidnapped along with eight Egyptians while making an off - road tour of southern Egypt .
Five Italians , five Germans and a Romanian were taken along with eight Egyptian travel guides and drivers .
Reports said the abduction , near the Gilf al - Kebir plateau , was carried out on Friday by tribesmen or bandits .
Egypt 's tourism minister , Zoheir Garana , said a ransom had been demanded and negotiations were under way .
A ministry statement said : " This is an act of banditry not of terrorism . "
Minister Garana told Associated Press news agency that a ransom of up to $ 6 m ( £ 3.24 m ) had been demanded .
He says the tourists are believed to have been taken across the border into Sudan .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" According to the information we have , the hostages are in Sudanese territory but we do n't know where , " Mr Garana said .
Kidnappings of foreigners in Egypt have been very uncommon in recent years .
But BBC Arab affairs analyst Magdi Abdelhadi says an incident like this could dent Egypt 's reputation as a safe destination for foreign tourists and deliver a blow to an industry that brings in $ 8bn a year .
Israeli denial
The tourism ministry said those abducted along with the foreigners were two guides , four drivers , a guard and the owner of the travel company who had organised the trip to Gilf al - Kebir , near the Libyan and Sudanese borders .
Abduction blow for Mubarak Gilf al - Kebir is a giant plateau famous for its prehistoric cave paintings , which featured in the 1996 film The English Patient .
Local tourist guides inside southern Egypt told news agencies that the tourists were travelling in three or four off - road vehicles .
The Egyptian Mena news agency reported that the tour company owner had called his wife on a satellite phone to say the group had been kidnapped by five masked men speaking English " with an African accent " .
The BBC's Ian Pannell in Cairo says local guides have indicated that the Gilf al - Kebir area has become increasingly unsafe this year .
Another group of foreigners was held at gunpoint in February and three of their vehicles were taken .
An investigation at the time pointed the blame at smugglers and bandits .
Our correspondent says there has been criticism that the Egyptian military has not done enough to patrol the area despite the increased threat .
The German and Italian foreign ministries confirmed that five nationals from each of their countries were among the group .
Both said they had set up crisis teams to deal with the incident .
There were initially reports that the group included Israeli tourists .
But Israelis were not mentioned in later reports , and the Israeli foreign ministry denied any of its nationals were involved .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Tips Penting Bermain Judi Dan Bergabung Di Situs Judi Online Terbaik Dan Terpercaya Indonesia
Bermain judi online memang dapat memberikan banyak kesenangan dan juga keseruan bagi siapa saja yang melakukannya .
Hal itu memang benar bahwa setiap permainan atau game judi online apapun pastinya selalu dapat menghadirkan banyak keseruan bagi para pemainnya .
Maka dari itu , bermain judi secara online kini kian populer dan bisa dilakukan oleh siapa saja , bahkan orang yang buka dari kalangan penjudi sekalipun .
Dengan semakin maraknya aktifitas permainan judi online , tentu secara otomatis membuat situs judi online yang menyediakan layanan bermain judi secara online jumlahnya sangat banyak saat ini dan mudah ditemukan .
ABC reports tonight that McCain is 0 - for - 6 when it comes to Afghanistan :
ABC News ' Z. Byron Wolf reports from Capitol Hill : The McCain campaign criticism of Sen. Barack Obama 's hearing record on Capitol Hill led us to put the shoe on the other foot .
It turns out that presumptive Republican nominee Sen. John McCain , has attended even fewer Afghanistan - related Senate hearings over the past two years than Obama 's one .
Which is a nice way of saying , McCain , R - Ariz . , the top Republican on the Senate Armed Service Committee , has attended zero of his committee 's six hearings on Afghanistan over the last two years .
By the McCain campaign 's logic , Barack Obama is unserious and untrustworthy when it comes to Iraq because he has n't yet visited the country .
Leave aside for a moment the question of whether or not actually visiting the country somehow qualifies him better to make the right decisions -- was FDR ever at the front in France during WWII ?
With foreign policy discussions starting to turn towards an increasingly dangerous and hostile Afghanistan , it looks like McCain , by his own reasoning , may have a serious political problem emerging .
McCain surrogate Sen Jim DeMint busted open a can of worms this week when he sent Obama a letter chiding him for failing to hold a single hearing as ranking member of the Subcommittee on European Affairs .
Perhaps Obama did n't hold a hearing , but he did attend the " full Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on Afghanistan in March , 2007 . "
The same cannot be said for absentee Senator John McCain .
I wonder if his media will make these connections .
Doubtful .
Heraldnet
September 22 , 2008
They must be having a heck of a sci- fi good time over there at the Homeland Security Department ’s research division .
On Thursday , the department showed off an early version of “ physiological screeners ” being designed to spot terrorists , USA Today reported .
They are called “ Future Attribute Screening Technology ” ( FAST ) scans .
The idea : People walk by a set of cameras , which would “ read them , ” looking for signs of anxiety , which will identify the bad guys .
The body polygraph is part of a five - year project in which the department is trying to devise ways to thwart terrorism .
Another part is the Transportation Security Administration ’s program — Screening Passengers by Observation Techniques ( SPOT ) .
Their screeners have been trained in “ behavior detection ” — they pull people out of line in airports based on their “ suspicious behavior . ”
By April , more than 100,000 people had been questioned , and fewer than 700 arrested .
No would - be terrorists have been arrested .
The FAST scans , if they ever become reality , will be similarly intrusive and just as ineffective .
Homeland Security researchers are currently conducting experiments to determine what physiological reactions a person experiences when they mean to do others harm .
Such characteristics would then be used as a comparative measure when Jane Doe walks past the cameras and lights them up with her anxiety .
( What physiological reactions are experienced by a terrorist who means to do harm , but is not anxious because he is joyful about carrying out his mission ?
That would be a tough experiment to carry out . )
Does it not make more sense to focus on identifying weapons than trying to spot behavioral clues that may or may not mean anything ?
How much money are we spending on such “ research ? ”
There are n’t many monetary figures to be found on the Homeland Security Web site .
But they do have a list of other projects , the descriptions of which are so impenetrable , there must be some way to use them for actual protection .
For example : The Violent Intent Modeling and Simulation Project .
Overview :
The project develops intelligence analysis frameworks , including extraction of terrorist intention signatures , systematic estimation of future terrorist behavior based on social and behavioral sciences , and modeling and simulations of future terrorist behavior influences .
It identifies leading edge social science modeling and simulation technologies and advances social science modeling and data fusion capabilities in such areas as hybrids of neural nets , structural equations , genetic algorithms , social networks , etc .
Gotta love that “ etc. ” at the end .
Oh , yes , genetic algorithms and the systemic estimation of blah blah blah .
If only we could wear jargon like armor .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Colin Powell may have provided the swing - vote endorsement , but if Sen.
Barack Obama should find himself delivering a victory speech on Nov. 4 , he might want to include a shout - out to Philo Farnsworth and Vladimir Zworykin , two of the men most commonly considered the founding fathers of television .
Not since the Kennedy - Nixon race has television played such a significant role in a presidential election .
The “ Saturday Night Live ” skewerings , the David Letterman - John McCain feud , the political meltdowns on “ The View , ” the Gov. Sarah Palin interviews , the Joe the Plumber interviews , Obama ’s World Series lead - in ( if there ’s a Game 6 ) and , of course , the debates .
Even ancillary players experienced what television , augmented by 24 - hour news stations and the eternal playback feature of the Internet , has become : Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R - Minn . ) found herself pleading for folks to stop sending money to her opponent after she accused Obama of being anti-American on MSNBC ’s “ Hardball . ”
This year ’s race has , at times , felt like it was as much about the media as about the candidates -- the Chris Matthews - Keith Olbermann convention coverage meltdown , Sen. McCain canceling on “ Larry King Live ” after CNN ’s Campbell Brown pushed too hard about the choice of Palin , etc .
So it became easy to think that the real power lay with the relentless nature of the 24 - hour news cycle and our obsession with video - heavy websites such as Politico and the Huffington Post .
But without television , YouTube would have much less to say about this election .
Television is a very particular filter with a very specific power , and if that power was ever in doubt , all one had to do was watch the third presidential debate , preferably on a station utilizing a split screen .
Obama looked so calm , cool and collected you half expected him to break into the opening strains of “ Summer Wind . ”
Meanwhile , McCain spluttered , blinked and twitched , possessed by a cacophony of physical tics that were , by turns , frightening and laughable .
Yet seconds after the debate ended , even liberal pundits conceded that McCain had made some good points , perhaps a direct hit or two .
Advertisement
And then the poll results poured in , giving the night ’s victory overwhelmingly to Obama .
Of course , policy has a lot to do with it .
In a time of economic crisis , McCain ’s fondness for deregulation and his ties to the Bush administration are n’t doing him any favors .
But if the main purpose of the televised debate is to allow viewers to decide who looks more presidential , there was no contest -- because Obama wins the television race in every category , every time .
He is , after all , a product of television .
Few had even heard of him when he took the stage at the 2004 Democratic National Convention .
But by the end of his speech , he was all anyone was talking about .
And not because he delivered some political oxygen to the muggy atmosphere of the convention crowd but because he reached through the cameras to what was by then an almost stupefied television audience ( it was not a very energetic convention , if you will recall ) and woke them up .
Unlike McCain , who is pale , stocky and stiff in his movements ( in part due to his war injuries ) , Obama is physically suited for television .
He is tall and slim , which means he looks good in a suit .
He is one of the few heterosexual American men who can appear comfortable while sitting on a stool .
He has the wide , bright smile we demand of our movie stars , and if his head is n’t disproportionate enough to his body to guarantee him a role in the next “ Ocean ’s Eleven ” sequel , well , the ears help .
Advertisement
If you think this is all silly and unimportant , then you have n’t been paying much attention to American culture .
The Obama campaign knows its strengths enough to make the extraordinary purchase of the half - hour leading up to a World Series game .
You do not do that unless you know your man owns the medium .
McCain ’s advisors , well , if one of them had been able to explain to him the difference between passion and pique , if one of them had been able to signal to him during that third debate to stop with the snorting and the blinking already , those poll results would probably have been a lot closer .
But the McCain campaign has n’t been very smart about television in general .
In fact , you have to wonder if any staffers actually watch it at all .
As Bachmann and vice presidential candidate Palin have lately discovered , the term “ anti-American ” does n’t play so well on TV -- the McCarthy hearings were televised too .
Palin , like Obama , looks darn good on camera , and her acceptance speech at the Republican National Convention last month made everyone stand up and take notice .
But since then the closest she has come to owning the medium was when she good - naturedly chair - danced along to a rap song satirizing her candidacy on “ Saturday Night Live . ”
Certainly her few televised interviews have been less than successful .
And you do have to wonder :
Was there no YouTube - savvy advisor who , upon seeing the governor in the flesh , thought to point out her startling resemblance to that gifted and very high - profile Tina Fey ?
Surely the party of Swiftboaters and Willie Horton could have figured out a way to head that one off at the pass .
But they seem to have been too busy shoving a big old bushel over their own light .
As political reporters of every stripe have been lamenting ad nauseam , the old John McCain -- the guy who swore a bit and smiled a lot , who announced his candidacy on “ Late Show With David Letterman ” and hosted “ Saturday Night Live , ” who with a grin admitted to a then - admiring Jon Stewart that by cozying up with the Rev. Jerry Falwell he was indeed going over to “ the crazy base ” -- is gone .
And in his place is an increasingly miserable - seeming , obviously angry man who no one , apparently , is even trying to loosen up .
Advertisement
Except Letterman .
In the last few weeks , the host rained a relentless barrage of criticism down on McCain for not only backing out of his show at the last minute with the excuse that he was suspending his campaign to fly to Washington , but also for lying about it .
( McCain actually stayed in New York that night where he , among other things , gave an interview to Katie Couric . )
Admirably , McCain went back on Letterman ’s show ( even taking a helicopter to ensure he would n’t be late ) .
He graciously made his apologies , hung on to his good humor as Letterman hammered him about Palin and the campaign , and if he did n’t offer much but standard - issue campaign - speak in response , he did n’t get up and stomp off either .
But then Letterman knows how to deliver great TV .
Maybe next time around he should host the debates .
--
Advertisement
mary.mcnamara@latimes.com
READER COMMENTS ON
" Trouble in Texas : Misinformation Given About Straight Party Voting Leads to Lost Votes "
( 16 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 10/21/2008 @ 3:16 pm PT ...
Oh , but the gov't appointed election protection committees say say this is ok because EVMs are the way to go for the future .
We can suffer through a few minor glitches , they say .
They say all the activists are koo - koo , that hardly anyone is being disenfranchised .
* aaarrrggghhh *
As to this article ... my understanding is that straight - ticket voting on EVMs disenfranchises the voter from a vote for the presidential candidate .
This is built into the machine 's programming , right ?
And this is the way it should be ????
Oh Help me somebody .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... John Gideon said on 10/21/2008 @ 3:27 pm PT ...
Kira
Help is here .
When you choose Straight party voting in Texas it votes for all partisan races , including President .
Other states are different .
You can find out about straight party voting in your state HERE Ellen Theisen of VotersUnite has talked to election officials in all of the straight - party states and learned that many of them did not understand their own laws .
The big picture on straight - party is that the voters should skip the option and vote for each race ; but vote for each race they should .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 10/21/2008 @ 3:53 pm PT ...
Thanks for the response John Gideon [ one of my heroes ]
I was thinking about this song [ selected lyrics ] : Help Me Somebody
NRBQ Everybody 's looking for a brand new day
Everybody 's looking for a brand new way Help me somebody ,
Oh help me please ' Cuz as a matter of fact ,
I 'm getting real tired of your act ,
Help me somebody I know you , you know me too
How am I ever gonna stop you doing those things you do ?
Everybody 's looking for a brand new day
Everybody 's looking for a brand new way Help me somebody , Help me somebody ,
Oh help me please ' Cuz as a matter of fact ,
I 'm getting real tired of your act , Help me somebody , Help me somebody , please ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I am glad you posted the links for those who might not know about all these shenanigans .
And THANK YOU for ALL YOU DO !!!
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 10/21/2008 @ 3:57 pm PT ...
John , I hope you 're still checking the comments ...
Do you [ or anybody commenting here ] have a link to information that shows the REAL history of problems with Paper Ballots - not the voting machine propaganda .
I know I 've seen data compiled somewhere , but can't seem to find it .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... TEDEGER said on 10/21/2008 @ 4:28 pm PT ...
There is a problem with paper ballots - it happened many years ago in an election I was involved in .
If paper ballots are ' inadvertently ' left outside during a rainstorm , they get ruined .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 10/21/2008 @ 4:42 pm PT ...
Tedeger # 5
If we used the tried and true Canadian method , the paper ballots would be counted immediately after the election in plain view of the public and in about 4 hours .
The entire process from start to finish is done securely and transparently and costs only a few dollars per vote --- the cost per vote with the EVMs is $ 54 - plus .
Along with the rest of the malfeasance - priceless .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... John Gideon said on 10/21/2008 @ 4:43 pm PT ...
Kira ,
Other than TEDEGER 's comments I have no idea where to go for a history of problems .
I 've never seen one .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... wereallinthistogether said on 10/21/2008 @ 8:07 pm PT ...
Since all electronic voting machines contain features specifically designed to throw elections , I 've been wondering where the specification to do that came from ?
And how widespread was the practice before that ( going back 100 or so years ) ?
I 'd bet that at least a few elections have been thrown the hard way ; I remember the thought of a recount , before IBM cards , was daunting , so they seemed to be rare .
Races lost by a few hundred votes went unchallenged .
No , I 'm barely old enough to have seen this , but my first several ballots involved a stamp pad and a rubber X stamp and a big sheet of paper put into a big box .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Obama08 said on 10/21/2008 @ 8:24 pm PT ...
My sister and I are poll greeters in Irving .
We are giving people the correct straight ticket info - that they DO vote for Obama when they select the straight Democratic Party box .
A lot of people have heard this malicious info , and we 're happy to set them straight .
Be assured that Obama Dallas is all over this .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 10/21/2008 @ 10:58 pm PT ...
Obama08 comment # 9 says it 's ok to vote the straight ticket .
Texas Democrats Org. gives more information .
Apparently , if you vote the straight ticket you should NOT go back and check any other box - if you do , the machine unchecks your vote for president .
Gotta get rid of these machines .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 10/21/2008 @ 11:33 pm PT ...
But , PERSONALLY ---
I would n't risk voting straight ticket .
It 's all just too important this time around .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... SillyGit said on 10/22/2008 @ 1:30 am PT ...
@wereallinthistogether
Since all electronic voting machines contain features specifically designed to throw elections , I 've been wondering where the specification to do that came from ?
All four EVM manufacturers are managed by reich wing @ssholes who can trace their pure Republican ancestry all the way back to Adam and Eve .
I think that this answers that question .
( Yes , I know that the GOP does n't really go back that far , but these folks believe in Creationism and other miscellaneous fairy tales , so we have to just nod and say " Whatever . " )
There has probably always been election fraud to some extent .
Richard Daley is supposed to have used his political machine in Chicago to win the 1960 election for Kennedy .
They say that all the folks in every cemitary in Chicago voted for Kennedy .
The Chicago Democratic machine also brought us the line Vote Early - Vote Often .
Brad and John can probably point to sources of info on election fraud .
I 'm here because , like Brad , I know that the EVMs have to be replaced by a transparent process or else we can kiss democracy goodbye ( if we have n't already ) .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 10/22/2008 @ 1:59 am PT ...
Ain't there a modified tree chipper machine to grind up all the electronic voting machines yet ?
I would like to invest in that company !
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 10/22/2008 @ 2:01 am PT ...
Hell , I would like to just film it !!
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... txVoter said on 10/22/2008 @ 11:34 am PT ...
What is wrong with simply skipping the ' straight party ' vote and just voting in each race ?
If there is a question , that is definitely the way to go .
I voted yesterday using the e-voting machines in Austin , and there is a screen at the end of the process to verify your vote in each race before hitting the ' cast ballot ' button .
It 's not rocket science !
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Dean said on 10/23/2008 @ 11:44 pm PT ...
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Motorists on U.S. roads applied the brakes hard on driving when gasoline prices peaked over the summer at more than $ 4 per gallon , according to the latest government figures released on Tuesday .
Two cyclists ride along the 15th Street North West in Washington June 11 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Hyungwon Kang
The 3.6 percent year - over - year decline in miles traveled on all roads in July cemented a downward trend begun nine months ago in response to rising pump prices and economic weakness .
While the June drop was 5 percent , the July drop was still sharp and may be more illustrative of consumer habits and concerns about the economy .
July is a usually heavy driving period marked by traditional summer vacations and the Independence Day holiday .
“ The decline means Americans are consuming less fuel and emitting less CO2 ( tailpipe emissions ) , which is a positive development , ” Transportation Secretary Mary Peters said in an interview with Reuters .
“ But it is a challenge to how we fund transportation today . ”
The miles traveled figure is an informal economic reference for policymakers who sought to make the best of another bad number by touting rising transit figures .
The drop in driving heightened concerns about how to pay for road and rail projects , since those employment - creating priorities are financed mainly by gasoline taxes .
Peters , who expects the mileage figure to rebound once consumers lower their transportation costs by purchasing more fuel efficient vehicles , made her comments enroute to Richmond where she announced $ 30 million in federal grants to states to help finance more than 15 rail projects .
Virginia received $ 2 million .
Average retail gasoline prices at the end of September were nearly 50 cents lower at $ 3.63 per gallon compared with July , according to figures released on Monday by the Energy Department .
The summer months experienced the most precipitous decline in U.S. petroleum demand in 26 years due to record gasoline prices and a sluggish economy .
The decline was the steepest since the 1970s , which also occurred during a period of economic and energy turmoil .
Less driving , combined with the consumer shift toward more fuel efficient vehicles , created a severe shortage this year in federal gasoline tax receipts dedicated to highway construction spending .
Congress plugged an $ 8 billion gap in the government trust account that funds U.S. highway projects earlier this month after transportation planners warned it was close to running out of money .
Peters said the highway funding shortfall illustrates that federal transportation policies “ that rely almost exclusively on gas taxes are failing ” and government is in danger of leaving a “ sad legacy of old roads , crowded highways and unfulfilled transit ambitions . ”
Peters and Virginia Gov. Timothy Kaine , a Democrat , touted private / public partnerships at a news conference as a way to boost infrastructure investment and move away from “ unstable gas taxes . ”
Despite ongoing market and economic turmoil , Peters said an estimated $ 400 billion in private capital remains a viable option for investment in highway , rail or aviation infrastructure .
“ Private investment ( including pension funds ) is looking for patient , long - term investment , ” she said .
This could include direct funding of tolling or construction projects or pooling resources in a national infrastructure bank to fund “ the highest value projects , ” an idea being discussed in Congress .
States would take the lead in selecting projects .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
George W Bush has accused Russia of violating the UN 's charter by invading Georgia , in his final speech to the world body as US president .
Mr Bush urged world leaders gathered at UN in New York to " stand united in our support of the people of Georgia " .
In a wide - ranging speech , Mr Bush also urged the international community to continue the fight against terrorism .
He also gave an assurance that the US was taking decisive action over the current global economic crisis .
Mr Bush 's speech touched on the themes of his presidency .
He accused Iran and Syria of continuing to sponsor terrorism , saying they were growing more isolated .
He also urged the UN to enforce sanctions on North Korea and Iran over their nuclear programmes .
' Equal rights '
On terrorism , the president warned that the world 's leaders could not simply pass resolutions condemning terrorist acts after they had happened .
He said that instead , terrorism should be confronted with a " clarity of vision " .
Referring to Russia 's recent military action in Georgia , he said : " We must stand united in our support of the people of Georgia .
Economic issues are expected to dominate this year 's assembly " The United Nations charter sets forth the equal rights of nations large and small .
Russia 's invasion of Georgia was a violation of those words . "
Mr Bush 's comments came hours after Georgia said it had shot down a Russian reconnaissance drone flying over its territory .
It said the unmanned plane was downed south of its de facto border with the breakaway region of South Ossetia .
Russia dismissed the claim as a " media provocation by Georgia " .
Mr Bush also assured world leaders that the US was acting decisively to contain the current global economic crisis .
He said he was confident that his plan to buy up the bad debt blocking the flow of credit would be passed by the US Congress " in the urgent timeframe required " .
Summit call Speaking after Mr Bush , French President Nicolas Sarkozy said Europe 's message to Russia was that it could not accept the use of force to settle disputes .
Mr Sarkozy also called for a summit of world leaders to be held by the end of the year to discuss lessons learned from the global financial turmoil .
And he said the G8 group of leading industrialised countries should be expanded to include China , India , South Africa , Mexico and Brazil .
World financial problems were also a major theme of the address by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon when he opened the annual assembly .
He said the financial turmoil put at risk the achievement of the UN - agreed Millennium Development Goals set in 2000 to halve global poverty by 2015 .
He added that the crisis demanded a new approach with less " uncritical faith in the ' magic ' of markets " .
" The global financial crisis endangers all our work - financing for development , social spending in rich nations and poor , the Millennium Development Goals , " he told the meeting .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
I drink .
A lot .
Sometimes I throw up .
Sometimes I black out .
Sometimes I yell at people for hours on end .
After one particularly contentious weekend spurred on by drinking , I went to see a therapist .
I recounted some of my life to him .
“ I ca n’t figure out your entire life in fifteen minutes , but I can tell you should n’t drink anymore . ”
When an objective outsider hears your life story and comes up with “ alcoholic , ” it ’s time to listen .
So I tried being sober .
It sucks .
First of all , there ’s the social aspect .
Sitting in a bar on trivia night sipping an O’Douls while your friends finish off pitcher after pitcher of beer makes you feel stupid .
And jealous .
Worst of all , my girlfriend loves to drink .
A whopping 5 ’ 3 ” , she ’ll throw down a bottle of wine at the drop of a hat .
We went to a concert at the Hollywood Bowl and she finished off a 750 mL of merlot while I choked down some Fre , the new non-alcoholic wine by Sutter Home .
Imagine a glass of wine with all the alcohol taken out and then mixed with Welch ’s .
That ’s called grape juice .
Which I have n’t drank since I was five .
Writing ’s harder as well .
There ’s a reason why so many great writers ( and bad ones ) are alcoholics .
It makes you witty and funny .
Sure , you might smell like vomit and beat someone up for no reason .
But damn .
Think Hemingway could ’ve come up with “ For sale .
Baby shoes .
Never worn . ” if he was n’t tanked out of his fucking mind ?
I ’d rather deal with the problems of drinking than the problems of life sober .
I started adding booze back into my life .
Slowly at first .
A glass of wine with dinner .
A beer at the bar .
And it was great – my tolerance was so low , two drinks got me bombed .
Now I ’m back up to my normal level .
I expect my dry - cleaning bills will increase .
And my girlfriend may move out .
But fuck if I ’m not witty as hell again .
Morgan Solar : Simple , Cheap , and Efficient Concentrated Solar Tech , Part 2
September 17th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
A few weeks ago , I posted a brief introduction to Morgan Solar , a Toronto - based start - up that has invented a new method for building simple and cheap solar concentrators .
Many of you asked for more details , so I asked Nicolas Morgan , the company ’s Director of Business Development , some in - depth questions about Morgan Solar .
The company , which was founded last summer by Nicolas ’ brother John Paul as a result of frustration with the high cost of renewable energy , has developed a new type of concentrated solar photovoltaic ( CPV ) system called the Sun Simba HCPV .
The Sun Simba is currently designed for solar farm applications , but future designs will be adapted for smaller rooftops .
As of right now , a Sun Simba system mounted on a tracker with an area of 200 square meters will deliver 50 kW of electricity .
As I noted in my previous post about Morgan Solar , the company ’s technology draws comparisons to MIT ’s organic dye technology .
According to Nicolas Morgan , the two technologies are completely different .
While the MIT technology operates at concentrations of 40 suns ( 40 times concentration ) , the Morgan Solar technology operates at between 500 suns and 1000 suns , with the option to scale even higher .
In other words , Morgan Solar ’s method is much more powerful .
Also , MIT ’s technology uses dyes , while the Morgan Solar tech does not .
And MIT ’s method uses different layers to concentrate different parts of the spectrum , while the Sun Simba collects all of its light from a single 5 mm thick optical system .
At the same time , Morgan notes , “ There ’s nothing that makes our technology better than theirs …it ’s doubtful that their technology and ours will be used for the same applications or in the same sort of systems . ”
A demonstration prototype of the Sun Simba will be set up next month in Woodbridge , Ontario .
The system , which concentrates 350 suns , will ultimately provide up to 2.5 kW of power .
Prototypes concentrating 1000 suns will be set up in the US , Canada , and Spain in 2009 , and full production is expected late in 2009 .
But it ’s not all about financial success for Morgan .
“ We ’re a business , obviously , but I feel good knowing that a lot more solar energy might get rolled out because of what we ’re doing here .
If I ’m able to offset an extra few million tons of carbon , if I ’m able to help people get electricity where they might not have it otherwise , I ’ll feel really good about that . ”
Posts Related to Solar Tech :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
UPDATE : Changed hosting information at the bottom
We use a MediaWiki instance at work to manage a tremendous amount of random facts .
We have it setup with Sphinx FTI to get good search results and have found the wiki to be a huge help in managing our data .
In fact , via a bit of reverse proxy magic , some of the notes fields in our internal billing application are chunks of a wiki page for that client with links to all of that client ’s other attached wiki pages
We wanted the ability to interact with the wiki in a more programatic manner ( such as making cancelation notes ) , so I started checking into the media wiki api .
It gives you the ability to do almost anything you would want to do with the Media Wiki engine programatically ( except I cant figure out how to get it to render wiki markup for me ) .
I wanted a wrapper around this in Common Lisp which could take care of formulating the messages to the wiki engine and determining whether or not we succeeded preferably leaving these as just function calls to the rest of application .
Because I could find no mention of a library like this elsewhere , I decided to go ahead and whip one up .
Using : cxml : drakma , & :cl- unification , I have written a very incomplete wrapper around media wiki remote api .
The basic call cycle so far is as follows :
Favorite Answer
Your nipples wont fall off !
lol !
This was so funny when i read it , i had to look again !
It made me smile , im still laughing !
Peoples answers made me laugh too !
I read Ron Suskind 's book called " The Price of Loyalty George W. Bush , the White House , and the Education of Paul O'Neill , " and there 's a chapter that is a prequel to the economic nightmare we are facing today .
O'Neill wanted CEOs to be held accountable for their financial records that their companies made public .
Enron was the red blinking light , so to speak --- the PDB that told the administration disaster was a -coming .
Remind you of anyone ?
The CEOs are Bush 's base and they balked big time .
I was trying to scan a couple of pages for you , but thankfully Suskind printed this in the NY Times times called ' The Crisis Last Time . "
The crisis of that moment was the implosion of Enron , Global Crossing and other companies .
Along with conflicts of interest and criminally creative bookkeeping , the culprit was often a combination of financial complexity and insanely expensive compensation packages .
Enron is long gone , but this episode - as much a warning for our financial security as the 1993 World Trade Center bombing was to the threat of wider terrorism - carries some telling lessons as our best minds struggle now to save the economy .
An article about the meeting appeared a few days later in The Wall Street Journal .
The next day , Mr. O'Neill was in Florida addressing chief executives of America 's top 20 financial services companies .
They piled on .
One told the Treasury secretary that he'd " rather resign " than be held accountable for " what 's going on in my company . "
A phalanx of outraged financial industry chiefs , many of them large Republican contributors , called the White House .
Real reform was a political dead letter .
A presidential speech that followed was toothless , mostly recommending that chief executives personally certify their companies ' financial statements .
Earnings per share remained the gold standard .
The Sarbanes - Oxley bill , signed into law a few months later , largely focused on the auditors , and actually increased the complexity of reporting practices .
As for lawsuits ?
Not to worry .
No significant rise .
At issue , of course , were those twins , transparency and accountability .
The years since have shown that the first one is meaningless without the second .
With a world financial crisis upon us , the president and his economic team are forced again to talk about accountability .
Let 's hope this time they mean it .
Paul O'Neill then came out with this today : Bush Does n't Get Financial Crisis , ' It Shows '
So why is the president and his administration pushing so hard for this plan ? " I think it 's because they 're in a panic and they have n't thought about it very well , " O'Neill said .
The bailout process risks being bogged down by a number of " sideshow issues , " O'Neill added , including executive pay and aid for homeowners .
" Not a lot of people are saying , ' Slow down . '
They 've actually done something a lot worse than say , ' Slow down . '
They 've introduced a whole bunch of sideshow issues like executive compensation and oversight committees , " O'Neill said .
" All of that stuff is not relevant to the central problem of re-liquefying these financial instruments . "
O'Neill said we got into this mess because bankers were not making prudent decisions , because they believed that by reselling mortgages to Wall Street they were n't going to be stuck with the problems .
" We suspended disbelief and said we can take people with no known source income or wealth generation and we can give them a $ 500,000 mortgage , " he said .
" I think there 's a very important thing :
When you violate fundamental principles of economics you can get away with it for a while , but eventually it 's going to get you . "
There are a lot of side shows going on for sure and the American tax payer is getting royally screwed as usual by Conservatives .
All these nice little safeguards they are putting in place to somehow protect us will be useless .
At least he did n't blame the poor people for the crisis and apply the Kudlow thesis to it ...
A Muslim radiographer has resigned from a Berkshire hospital over the NHS 's " bare below the elbows " hygiene policy .
The unnamed agency worker claimed she was being discriminated against over her religious beliefs by the policies at Reading 's Royal Berkshire Hospital .
This included the Islamic teaching that women should cover the body in public .
The NHS dress code was introduced in January to combat superbugs such as MRSA .
The trust said the policy was explained when she first began work .
The trust chaplain and Imam both stand behind our ' bare below the elbows policy '
Clare Edmondson
Royal Berkshire Foundation Trust Clare Edmondson , director of human resources at the Royal Berkshire NHS Foundation Trust , said : " Infection control is a major issue for hospitals across the NHS .
" We have an excellent track record in this area and to maintain this we have introduced a ' bare below the elbows ' policy for all staff or agency employees working within clinical areas .
" This policy was explained to her when she first started work at the trust .
" We are therefore surprised that she has knowingly worked within the policy for seven weeks and only now has this been raised as an issue . "
She added that when the former employee " voiced her objection " she accepted the opportunity to meet with the trust chaplain .
However , the agency worker , who took X - rays and scans and was reportedly employed in June , declined the chance to meet with an Imam to discuss her concerns .
" The trust chaplain and Imam both stand behind our ' bare below the elbows policy ' and support the trust in this instance , " Ms Edmondson said .
" They do not cite any diversity issue and agree that the policy is an acceptable professional requirement for everyone who works for the trust in clinical areas .
" Patient care and patient safety is our prime concern . "
A spokesman for The Quilliam Foundation , a specialist think tank and campaign group that believes that Western Muslims should revive Western Islam and thereby find harmony in West - Islam relations , said : " This is not a religious issue . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
I ’m starting to see this interesting trend all over the country .
States starved for money are considering leasing their lottery business to private corporations in return for an immediate influx of billions of dollars .
Latest to consider this option is the Illinois Lottery , which could raise $ 10 billion for building roads and schools by privatizing its state - run lottery for a period of 50 years , under a plan the Illinois House approved Wednesday night .
The lottery lease , approved 75 - 38 , was a major step forward for Illinois House Democrats , who acknowledged they have warmed to the idea because they ca n’t get agreement on any other way to fund a long - delayed capital construction program .
It could be a year before all the pieces are in place to hire a contractor .
Illinois Democrats said they are moving more carefully over letting go of the lottery , created in 1974 to help fund public schools , and which lately has earned $ 650 million annually for education .
No lease that raises less than $ 10 billion would be approved .
It would run at least 50 years but not more than 60 .
The state would get 20 percent of the vendor ’s earnings and promise at least $ 600 million for schools .
I ’ll be keeping an eye on Illinois and keep you informed of what happens .
We could see more and more of this happening in the future .
What ’s happening in your state ?
Let me know .
As promised , here are the results of my survey of economists .
You can see three views into the results today , and I plan to blog more about it this week .
( Format problems are because my blogging software is finnicky . )
1 . My opinion on the results , on CNN.com http://www.cnn.com/2008/POLITICS/09/16/dilbert.economy/index.html
2. Detailed survey data : http://dilbert.com/dyn/ppt/Draft-report—9-3-08.ppt
3 . Press release ( below )
[ Some contact information removed here ]
Dilbert Survey of Economists Democratic Economists Favor Obama .
Republican Economists Favor McCain . Independents Lean Toward Obama .
Dublin , CA ( September 10 , 2008 ) – Scott Adams , creator of the Dilbert comic strip , commissioned a survey of over 500 economists to find out which candidate for President of the United States would be best for the economy long term .
Says Adams , “ I found myself wishing someone would give voters useful and unbiased information about which candidate has the best plans for the economy .
Then I realized that I am someone , which is both inconvenient and expensive . ”
At considerable personal expense , Adams commissioned a survey of over 500 economists , drawn from a subset of the members of the American Economic Association , a non-political group , some of whose members had agreed in advance to be surveyed on economic questions .
The results do not represent the AEA ’s position .
The survey was managed by The OSR Group , a respected national public opinion and marketing research company .
Nationally , most economists are male and registered as either Democrats or Independents .
The survey sample reflects that imbalance .
48 % Democrats
17 % Republicans
27 % Independents
3 % Libertarian
5 % Other or not registered
86 % of the economists surveyed are male , and 65 % work in the field of academia or education .
The rest are spread across various industries or not working .
When asked which candidate for President would be best for the economy in the long run , not surprisingly , 88 % of Democratic economists think Obama would be best , while 80 % of Republican economists pick McCain .
Independent economists , who in this sample are largely from the academic world , lean toward Obama by 46 % compared to 39 % for McCain .
Overall , 59 % of the economists say Obama would be best for the economy long term , with 31 % picking McCain , and 8 % saying there would be no difference .
The economists were asked to rank the most important economic issues and pick which candidate they thought would do the best job on those issues .
Rank Issues Obama McCain No Diff .
1 Education 59 % 14 % 27 %
2 Health care 65 % 20 % 15 %
3 International trade 26 % 51 % 23 %
4 Energy 61 % 22 % 17 %
5 Encouraging
Technology / innovation 43 % 23 % 34 %
6 Wars and
homeland security 58 % 30 % 11 %
7 Mortgage / housing crisis 41 % 18 % 41 %
8 Social Security 40 % 24 % 35 %
9 Environmental policy 72 % 9 % 19 %
10 Reducing the deficit 37 % 29 % 33 %
11 Immigration 33 % 29 % 38 %
12 Increasing taxes 79 % 14 % 7 %
on wealthy
13 Reducing waste 16 % 38 % 46 %
in government
The economists in the survey favor Obama on 11 of the top 13 issues .
But keep in mind that 48 % are Democrats and only 17 % are Republicans .
Among Independents , things are less clear , with 54 % thinking that in the long run there would either be no difference between the candidates or McCain would do better .
Adams puts the survey results in perspective : “ If an economist uses a complicated model to predict just about anything , you can ignore it .
By analogy , a doctor ca n’t tell you the exact date of your death in 50 years .
But if a doctor tells you to eat less and exercise more , that ’s good advice even if you later get hit by a bus .
Along those same lines , economists can give useful general advice on the economy , even if you know there will be surprises .
Still , be skeptical . ”
[ Some contact information removed ]
Interview requests for Scott Adams can be directed to scottadams@aol.com .
Adams will only be responding by e-mail for the next few months due to some minor surgery to fix a voice issue .
Update : Some of you will wonder how reliable a bunch of academics are when it comes to answering real life questions about the economy .
You might prefer to know what CEOs think .
But remember that CEOs are paid to be advocates for their stockholders , not advocates for voters .
Asking CEOs what should be done about the economy is like asking criminals for legal advice .
More on that this week .
And for my view on the value economists : http://dilbert.com/blog/?Date=2008-08-22
Any help in distributing this information across the Internet would be appreciated .
Prominent conservatives are finally starting to realize that an unqualified half - term hockey mom from Alaska might not be the best choice to be a 72 year old heartbeat away from the presidency .
Here 's the brutal roundup .
Kathleen Parker :
It was fun while it lasted .
Palin ’s recent interviews with Charles Gibson , Sean Hannity , and now Katie Couric have all revealed an attractive , earnest , confident candidate .
Who Is Clearly Out Of Her League .
No one hates saying that more than I do .
Like so many women , I ’ve been pulling for Palin , wishing her the best , hoping she will perform brilliantly .
I ’ve also noticed that I watch her interviews with the held breath of an anxious parent , my finger poised over the mute button in case it gets too painful .
Unfortunately , it often does .
My cringe reflex is exhausted .
Palin filibusters .
She repeats words , filling space with deadwood .
Cut the verbiage and there ’s not much content there .
Wingnut extaordinaire K - Lo :
I ’m not where my friend Kathleen Parker is — wanting her to step aside to spend more time with her family and Alaska — but that ’s not a crazy suggestion .
McCain campaign insiders , via Ed Schultz :
McCain Camp insiders say Palin “ clueless ” Capitol Hill sources are telling me that senior McCain people are more than concerned about Palin .
The campaign has held a mock debate and a mock press conference ; both are being described as “ disastrous . ”
One senior McCain aide was quoted as saying , “ What are we going to do ? ”
The McCain people want to move this first debate to some later , undetermined date , possibly never .
People on the inside are saying the Alaska Governor is “ clueless . ”
Etc. , etc. , etc. , etc .
Focus on the Family has put James Dobson ’s phone interview with Sarah Palin up on its website .
The mutual admiration between the two was quite palpable as they heaped praise upon one another , with Dobson telling Palin repeatedly that he and many others were praying not only for her but also for a “ miracle ” regarding the election .
Dobson likewise thanked Palin for her “ powerful pro-life testimony ” regarding the birth of her youngest son Trig , who was born with Down Syndrome , to which Palin admitted while she was scared after first learning of it during her pregnancy , she was a “ hardcore pro-lifer ” and it provided not only an “ opportunity for me to really be walking the walk and not just talking the talk ” but also an opportunity to “ help us in our cause here allowing America to be a more welcoming nation for all of our children . ”
Palin then thanked Dobson for all he has done for the movement , declaring that “ if it were not for you , so many of us would be missing the boat in terms of hearing the message in understanding what we can do to further the cause of life . ”
Dobson went on to praise the Republican Party platform as the most pro-life , pro-family party platform in history , which Palin seconded , and when Dobson asked her if she thought John McCain would seek to implement it if elected , she said she did “ from the bottom of my heart ” and reiterated that it was important for Americans to know “ that John McCain is solidly there on those solid planks in our platform that build the right agenda for America . ”
When Dobson asked if she was discouraged by the current poll numbers showing them trailing , Palin insisted that she was not and that she had always been the underdog but always pulled out a victory when necessary and that she was just “ putting this in God ’s hands that the right thing for America will be done at the end of the day on November 4th . ”
The interview concluded with Dobson telling Palin of a prayer call earlier in the day when those participating asked God for a miracle regarding the election and then invited Palin to visit them in person at Focus on the Family , promising to roll out the red carpet when she does .
Rough transcript of the interview below .
Audio available : Part I and Part II
Disclaimer : Regarding the “ hardcore pro-lifer ” quote mentioned earlier , I am not sure if she called herself a “ hardcore pro-lifer ” or simply “ hardcore pro-life . ”
Either way , the point is the same .
Also , I did n’t transcribe Palin ’s words exactly as she spoke them because frankly I got sick of my spellchecker asking me if I meant “ talking ” every time I wrote “ talkin ' ” and “ looking ” whenever I wrote “ lookin ’ . ”
Furthermore , some sections I did n’t transcribe but did provide a short synopsis of what they were saying or the points they were making , especially in cases where Dobson ’s questions lead to a response from Palin that I did transcribe .
Dobson : I want to tell you that I ’m one of those great fans too and I just want you to know that Shirley and I are praying for you , for your safety and for your health and that God ’s perfect will will be done on November the fourth .
Shirley just had a prayer event here – she ’s Chairman of the National Day of Prayer – and we had 430 people here for the weekend .
They prayed for the whole weekend .
It was not a political event but we were sure asking for God ’s intervention .
Palin :
Well , it is that intercession that is so needed and so greatly appreciated .
And I can feel it too , Dr. Dobson .
I can feel the power or prayer and that strength is provided through our prayer warriors across this nation and I so appreciate it .
Dobson :
Well , you hear that everywhere you do , do n’t you ?
Palin : I do , and that is what allows us to continue to be inspired and strengthened .
And it ’s just a great reminder also when we hear along the rope lines that people are interceding for us and praying for us ; it ’s our reminder to do the same , to put this all in God ’s hands , to seek his perfect will for this nation and to , of course , seek his wisdom and guidance in putting this nation back on the right track .
Dobson :
You may not recall it , but in April , before all of this happened , before you were selected by Senator McCain to be his running mate , I wrote to thank you for welcoming little Trig into this world , your little baby with Down Syndrome .
And I just wanted to express to you what a powerful testimony that was to the sanctity of human life .
And you wrote me a very gracious letter back and there are just so many parents out there who also admire you for your love and care for that precious child .
Palin :
Well , I so appreciated your words and yeah , when we found out I was about thirteen weeks along when I found out that Trig would be born with Down Syndrome .
To be honest with you , it scared me though and I knew that it would be a challenge and I had to really be on my knees the entire rest of the pregnancy asking that God would prepare my heart .
And just the second that he was born it was absolute confirmation that that prayer was answered with all of us just falling so in love with him .
And then this whole new world has been opened up to me since then .
I ’ve always had near and dear to my heart the mission of protecting the sanctity of life and being pro-life , a hardcore pro-lifer , but I think this opportunity for me to really be walking the walk and not just talking the talk .
There ’s purpose in this also for a greater good to be met .
I feel so privileged and blessed to have been , I guess , chosen to have Trig enter our lives because I do want it to help us in our cause here in allowing America to be a more welcoming nation for all of our children .
Dobson :
One of the most touching and dramatic moments in the last year for me was when you were speaking at the Republican National Convention and little Trig was sitting on Piper ’s lap and she wet her fingers and mashed down his hair that was sticking up in the back .
I ’m sure that she has seen you do that many times .
Boy , that really grabbed my heart , I ’ll tell you .
Palin : I know , that was kind of a nice manifestation there of our little mother hen there in Piper , but just of that innocent child - like love that kids certainly have for one another and truly that is that love that our country needs more of .
And Dr. Dobson , you have been just on the forefront of all of this , of all of this good for so many years .
And your reward is going to be in Heaven because I know that you take a lot of shots also but please know that on our end , kind of outsiders looking in at what you have accomplished all these years , if it were not for you , so many of us would be missing the boat in terms of hearing the message ann understanding what we can do to further the cause of life , and of ethics in our nation , those things that we should be engaged in .
We owe so much to you .
Dobson :
Well you are very kind in saying that , but we are on the same team in that regard .
I ’m just trying to serve the Lord like you are and listening to his voice .
Wtih egard to the sanctity of human life , it just grieves me greatly how the blood of maybe forty - six , forty - eight million babies who have been aborted cries out to God from the ground .
The pro-life and pro-family message is very much a part of who you are , is n’t it ?
Palin :
It is .
It is .
And again that ’s just been a part of who I ’ve been all these years but now with a greater opportunity that I feel blessed to be in this position .
A greater opportunity to perhaps help others understand what we can do to usher in more of that respect for life .
I ’m very , very privileged .
[ Dobson asks about media attacks on her and Joe the Plumber – she says that if she can’t handle the attacks , she should n’t have offered herself up as VP . ]
Dobson : [ He had doubts and concerns about McCain and Republicans but ]
The Republican Platform is the strongest pro-life , pro-family document to come out of a political party , even more so than the platforms during the campaigns of Ronald Reagan .
There are principles there that I ’ve been fighting for for thirty , forty years and you are tying to articulate those same principles , are n’t you ?
Palin : Absolutely , and Dr. Dobson thank you so much for recognizing that .
This is a strong platform [ built ] around the planks in this platform that respect life and respect the entrepreneurial spirit of this great country and those things , back to the social issues that are what Republicans , at least in the past , had articulated and tied to stand on .
Now , finally , we have very solid planks in the platform that will allow us to build an even stronger foundation for our country .
It ’s all good and it ’s encouraging .
You would maybe have assumed that we would have gotten further away from those strong planks .
But no , they ’re there , they ’re solid , we stand on them and again I believe that it is the right agenda for the country at this time .
Very , very clear and contrasted tickets in this election November 4th .
People are going to see the clear contrasts , you just go to the planks in our platforms and that ’s where you see them .
Dobson :
In your private conversations with Senator McCain , it is your impression that he also strongly supports those views ?
I know that he did not oppose that platform when it was written .
Do you think he will implement it ?
Palin : I do , from the bottom of my heart .
I am such a strong believer that McCain believes in those strong planks and we do have good conversations about some of the details of the different planks and what they represent .
I ’m very heartened that John McCain … he does n’t want a Vice President who will check the opinions … of me at the door and we talk about some of these and they ’re very important .
It ’s most important though , as you ’re suggesting , that Americans know that John McCain is solidly there on those solid planks in our platform that build the right agenda for America .
[ Dobson asks what lessons she has learned .
Palin says she can’t fight with the media , but has faith that their message will get out and faith that God will help them get that message out there .
Dobson says millions of people are praying for her and asks if she is discouraged by the polls . ]
Palin : I am not discouraged at all , even hearing those poll numbers because , for some reason , I have found myself over and over again in my life being put in these underdog positions and yet still when victory needed to be reached in order to meet this greater good , it ’s always worked out just perfectly fine despite the fact that over and over again I ’ve been , and I know John McCain has been , in underdog positions .
To me , it motivates us , makes us work that much harder and it also strengthens my faith because I ’m going to know at the end of the day , putting this in God ’s hands , that the right thing for America will be done , the end of the day on November 4th .
So I ’m not discouraged at all , I ’m just fine with the position that we are in today .
Dobson : [ Talks about prayer call ]
“ We were just asking for , rather boldly asking , for a miracle with regard to the election this year … let me just say that you that , regardless of the outcome of this election , we would love to have you come by and see us here at Focus on the Family sometime .
I know that this is an extremely stressful time for you and we ’re not asking you to come now , but when the time permits , we ’ll roll out the red carpet for you . ”
Palin : I do n’t even need any kind of red carpet but I would absolutely love to .
Dr. Dobson ,
Todd is sitting right next to me here in this vehicle before we get on an airplane , so Todd and I too , after I speak with you , I ’ll share this conversation with him and we ’ll be praying too for your ministry and for those pastors whom you have just mentioned also .
Collectively , we can do all that we can within us to strengthen our country and to let Americans know that government has to be on their side , it ’s their government and as we seek God ’s wisdom and His will in this election , we have to have faith that it ’s all going to be good at the end of the day there on November 4th as this country moves forward .
[ Dobson and Tom Minnery gush about the interview . ]
« Georgia On My Mind | Main | Some Addt'l Thoughts Re : Georgia » McCain : Let 's Compound the Blunder !
We live in a season of risible " 3 AM moments " , where the breathless commentariat in this country overhear a strange overseas country 's name -- perhaps with tales of some military action underway -- and rush off towards dim - witted debates about what candidate would better handle that resultant red- phone ringing in the middle of the night ( this phenomenon I guess most immediately derivative of Mark Penn 's desperately lame " positive ad " ) .
This infantile fare passes for serious debate on generally well - regarded sites like Politico.com , or among the beard - stroking class chiming in from a Situation Room near you .
There is really nothing we can do about it , this is the sad echo - chamber we dwell in , and it's not going to change anytime soon -- so I wo n't belabor the point here .
This being said , if the horrors inflicted on varied Abkhazians , Ossetians and Georgians this past week ( by both sides ) must be seen from these provincial , grossly self - interested shores merely through the lens of the U.S. Presidential election , let me chime in very briefly within these contours .
Regarding the 3 AM sweepstakes , Obama has taken it by a mile ( if his Pavlovian movements to ' sound tougher ' after his initial statement were a bit underwhelming , and sadly predictable ) .
Witness this incredibly poor reasoning by McCain , jaw - dropping even by the standards of the mammoth policy ineptitude we 've become accustomed to during the reign of Bush 43 and his motley crew of national security miscreants .
Here is McCain : Mr. McCain urged NATO to begin discussions on “ the deployment of an international peacekeeping force to South Ossetia , ’’ called on the United Nations to condemn “ Russian aggression , ’’ and said that the secretary of state should travel to Europe “ to establish a common Euro - Atlantic position aimed at ending the war and supporting the independence of Georgia . ’’
And he said the NATO should reconsider its previous decision and set Georgia – which he called “ one of the world ’s first nations to adopt Christianity as an official religion ’’ — on the path to becoming a member .
“ NATO ’s decision to withhold a membership action plan for Georgia might have been viewed as a green light by Russia for its attacks on Georgia , and I urge the NATO allies to revisit the decision , ’’ he said .
[ my emphasis ]
First , what does it matter in this context that Georgia was " one of the world 's first nations to adopt Christianity as an official religion " ?
If it had been the first to adopt Islam , or Judaism , or Buddhism , would the situation be different ?
Perhaps this might get assorted Christianists in an excited tizzy or such , which come to think of it , might be why some clueless aide to McCain , fresh from a Google sortie , decided to plug this little factoid into his statement .
But what is really mind - boggling here is that McCain would have us double - down , and cheer - lead having NATO " revisit " the decision not to extend membership to Georgia !
It is precisely this type of profoundly flawed thinking ( think too the League of Democracies crapola bandied about from centrist advisors to Obama to the fanciful Kaganites around McCain who want to pick and choose who the supposed good and bad guys are meriting membership in the splendid " League " ) that has gotten Georgia into this bloody mess .
As George Kennan had put it ( would that we had a single diplomat in the entire foreign service of his stature and caliber today ) : " ( E ) xpanding NATO would be the most fateful error of American policy in the entire post - cold war era .
Such a decision may be expected to inflame the nationalistic , anti-Western and militaristic tendencies in Russian opinion ; to have an adverse effect on the development of Russian democracy ; to restore the atmosphere of the cold war to East - West relations , and to impel Russian foreign policy in directions decidedly not to our liking .
Or , related , as Henry Kissinger had recently written : " Confrontational rhetoric notwithstanding , Russia 's leaders are conscious of their strategic limitations .
Indeed , I would characterize Russian policy under Putin as driven in a quest for a reliable strategic partner , with America being the preferred choice ...
But the movement of the Western security system from the Elbe River to the approaches to Moscow brings home Russia 's decline in a way bound to generate a Russian emotion that will inhibit the solution of all other issues .
It should be kept on the table without forcing the issue to determine the possibilities of making progress on other issues . "
These are the systemic historic forces at play here , and McCain would just idiotically throw fuel on the fire .
Meantime , my post here sketched out the specific bill of goods leading to this crisis , whether the ill - advised , rushed handling of Kosovo , or how Saakhasvili 's over - reaching was a major factor in contributing to this Russian reaction , among other factors .
On this last , C. J. Chivers recaps it well in this NYT piece : Some diplomats considered Mr. Saakashvili a politician of unusual promise , someone who could reorder Georgia along the lines of a Western democracy and become a symbol of change in the politically moribund post - Soviet states .
Mr. Saakashvili encouraged this view , framing himself as a visionary who was leading a column of regional democracy movements .
Other diplomats worried that both Mr. Saakashvili ’s persona and his platforms presented an implicit challenge to the Kremlin , and that Mr. Saakashvili made himself a symbol of something else : Russia ’s suspicion about American intentions in the Kremlin ’s old empire .
They worried that he would draw the United States and Russia into arguments that the United States did not want .
This feeling was especially true among Russian specialists , who said that , whatever the merits of Mr. Saakashvili ’s positions , his impulsiveness and nationalism sometimes outstripped his common sense .
The risks were intensified by the fact that the United States did not merely encourage Georgia ’s young democracy , it helped militarize the weak Georgian state .
[ my emphasis ]
We know from Kennan that NATO encirclement of Russia is ultimately a poor idea ( incidentally , what is the purpose of the NATO alliance anyway with the Soviet Union defeated - - nation - building in eastern Afghanistan , or some such ? ) .
And Kissinger is right that Moscow has been in the hunt for a " reliable strategic partner , with America being the preferred choice " ( remember the Spirit of Ljubljana ! ) , so why push them away allowing a country on Russia 's southern under - belly ( one far less important to us strategically ) , to have become such a nettlesome U.S. proxy badgering the Kremlin ?
Look , all of this would have been stupid and deeply flawed policy , but at least morally defensible , if we meant to actually defend the Georgians .
But we do n't , and never will , as this would mean a war with Russia .
We 've had a tough go of it fighting small militias and tribes in Iraq and Afghanistan , so even McCain would pull back from such unbridled folly ( though doubtless some imbecile will pen an op - ed in coming days about the need for NATO airstrikes on Russian forces should they attack Tbilisi UPDATE : Sorry , I was a little off here -- and putting aside the imbecile moniker , so as not to get too personal -- but we 're speaking of Stingers and Javelins , not airstrikes .
Impressive ' contentions ' ! ) .
So here is where matters stand .
Rather than talk and obsess about what we should do , it is the Russians , sad to say , who will determine the fate of Georgia in the coming days and weeks , and so we might take a moment or two and stop and think about what their next moves are likely to be .
Will they stop at Gori ( just south of Ossetia ) as well as a bit to the east of Abkhazia ( a similar ' exclusion zone ' ) , or have they now decided to march into Tbilisi and unseat this Government whole stop ( I think it 's a closer call which way Russia will go than many of us realize at this hour , but wo n't hazard to make a call just yet .
UPDATE : The latest Russian moves would appear to indicate the former ) .
As a Georgian civilian put it more pithily : " The border is where the Russians say it is .
It could be here , or it could be Gori " .
Or , indeed , it could be Tbilisi , as I say .
Meantime , a Georgian soldier tells a U.S. reporter in the same piece : " Write exactly what I say .
Over the past few years , I lived in a democratic society .
I was happy .
And now America and the European Union are spitting on us . "
They are , are n't they ?
They had no business making the cheap promises and representations that were made .
No business on practical policy grounds .
No business on strategic grounds ( though I guess it got Rummy another flag , near the Salvadorans , say , for the Mesopotamian " coalition of the willing " ) .
And now our promises are unraveling and nakedly revealed for the sorry lies and crap policy they are , with the emperor revealed to have no clothes , yet again .
This is what our foreign policy mandarins masquerade about as they play policy - making , in their Washington work - stations .
It 's , yes , worse than a crime , rather a sad , pitiable blunder .
And one McCain would have us compound , I stress , again !
An honorable man who served his country well , it is clear his time has past and his grasp on the most basic foreign policy calls we 'll need to make in the coming years is very tentative indeed .
He 'll be surrounded by second - tier ' yes - man ' realists and residual neo -con swill , few with any ideas worth pursuing if we mean to take the national interest seriously with sobriety and freshness of perspective .
So let us help him exit off - stage gracefully , as he served his country with dignity when called upon , but let us not sacrifice our children 's future to ignorants with deludely romantic notions of empire .
Been there , done that .
Indeed , we have a President who has announced a pre-emptive doctrine which allows us to , willy - nilly , instigate regime change when and where we deem appropriate .
Who are we to lecture Putin now ?
What standing do we have to do so ?
And what parochial and self - satisfied myopia has us indignantly thinking we are some unimpeachable arbitrer of right and wrong in the international system after the disastrous missteps of the past eight sordid years ?
If we mean to help the Georgians escape an even worse fate , we must summon up the intelligence and humility to have a dialogue with Putin , Medvedev , Sergie Lavrov , Vitaly Churkin and the rest of them based on straight talk ( not of the McCain variety , and if we can somehow find a messenger of the stature and talent to deliver the message in the right way , hard these days ) , to wit : we screwed up overly propping this guy up and he got too big for his britches , we understand , but for the sake of going forward strategic cooperation ( and do n't mention Iran here , at least not as the first example ) -- as well as stopping further civilian loss of life -- agree to work with us in good faith towards a status quo ante as much as possible , do n't enter Tbilisi , and throw show - boats Sarkozy / Kouchner a bone with some possible talk of a going forward EU peacekeeping role ( if non-binding , for the time being ) .
This is roughly what we should be saying / doing now , not having the President step up to the White House mike fresh back from the sand volleyball courts of Beijing to gravely declare Russia 's actions are " unacceptable in the 21st century . "
Such talk will get us nowhere , instead , it might just fan the flames more ( as will Cheney 's threats of " serious consequences " , apparently a favorite sound - bite of his , but this time mentioned only in the context of the U.S. - Russian relationship ) .
Let us be clear : these men's credibility is a sad joke , and Putin knows it only too well .
So let 's get real .
Before it 's too late , and more facts are created on the ground , mostly on the backs of innocent civilians throughout Georgia 's various regions .
Posted by Gregory at August 11 , 2008 04:06 PM
About Belgravia Dispatch Recent Entries Search The News The Blogs Foreign Affairs Commentariat Law & Finance Think Tanks Security Books The City Epicurean Corner Archives
Syndicate this site :
www.vikeny.com
Belgravia Dispatch Maintained by :
Powered by
Powered by
The Environmental Security Hypothesis says that in tough times men will prefer women who are good at production , generally older , taller , heavier , less curvaceous women with less body fat .
In good times , they will prefer women who are good at reproduction , generally younger , shorter , lighter , more curvaceous women .
Pettijohn and and Jungeberg look at the characteristics of playboy playmates from 1960 to 2000 and find :
Consistent with Environmental Security Hypothesis predictions , when social and economic conditions were difficult , older , heavier , taller Playboy Playmates of the Year with larger waists , smaller eyes , larger waist - to - hip ratios , smaller bust - to - waist ratios , and smaller body mass index values were selected .
These results suggest that environmental security may influence perceptions and preferences for women with certain body and facial features .
Econometricians who wish to investigate further may download the data here ( yes really ) .
The 2008 Playmate of the year , Jayde Nicole .
does not seem to fit the hypothesis however .
After his new movie “ Zack and Miri Make a Porno ” reaches theaters Friday , Kevin Smith plans to start counting his calories .
Since his doctor called him morbidly obese , he ’s giving up the all - you - can - eat lifestyle and taking a “ health sabbatical ” intended to shed extra pounds he packed on while filming the raunchy , Seth Rogen - starring romantic comedy in Pittsburgh last year .
“ I ’m going away for a while , ” Smith said , puffing a menthol cigarette on the patio of his Hollywood Hills home , “ to concentrate on myself .
To save my life . ”
At a time when Smith has been heavily promoting “ Zack and Miri ” -- perhaps the most commercially viable movie in his 15 - year career as a multi- hyphenate actor - writer - director of crude comedies and art - house bromances -- the issue of his weight has remained front of mind .
The director has been complaining about being fat in radio interviews and fretting about it on his blog much to the chagrin of Weinstein Co. publicists for the film , who have openly wished the director would “ talk about something else . ”
Like , for instance , how closely in tone and casting the movie resembles something conjured up by comedy rainmaker Judd Apatow ?
Adding insult to injury , Smith ’s girth contributed to an embarrassing incident last week .
“ I broke a toilet .
That ’s how heavy I am , ” said Smith .
“ I ca n’t take all the credit -- that was an old toilet and a very waterlogged wall -- but my size took that toilet down .
I cannot cognitively reframe it and be like , ‘ It was n’t me -- it was the toilet . ’
It was definitely me .
And that ’s a wake - up call ! ”
Advertisement
Early word is good
Sweating steadily but not quite profusely , enveloped in a long wool overcoat ( in implicit homage to Silent Bob , his screen alter ego in several of his films ) despite the 90 degree heat , the New Jersey - born auteur seemed both exhausted and keyed up .
He ’s immensely proud of the film , which earned a number of glowing reviews when it premiered at the Toronto Film Festival in September .
It follows a couple of lifelong platonic pals sharing an apartment , Zack ( Rogen ) and Miri ( Elizabeth Banks ) , who devise to shoot and star in a porn film after they hit financial skids .
Before you can say “ stimulus package , ” they enlist the help of a supporting troupe that includes characters played by Traci Lords , Craig Robinson ( of NBC ’s “ The Office ” ) and Smith ’s stalwart comedic cohort Jason Mewes .
And somewhere in the midst of a blue streak of swear words , splattery toilet humor and gymnastic copulation scenes , romance blooms between Miri and Zack .
“ The reviews have been good , and quite a few of them have focused on the flick ’s box office prospects , which is definitely a first for me , ” said Smith , whose movies , such as “ Clerks , ” “ Chasing Amy ” and “ Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back , ” regularly connect with a core constituency of pop-culture - loving fan boys but have yet to reap windfalls of money during their theatrical runs .
Advertisement
“ What it says to me , though , ” he continued , “ is a bunch of people are saying , ‘ This dude never makes any money .
He might now .
This might be the one . ’ ”
Smith was less enthusiastic about addressing the stink of controversy that has clung to “ Zack and Miri ” since an early cut was slapped with an NC - 17 rating ( the edited version making its way to the screen arrives with what ’s known in the industry as a “ hard R ” ) .
As well , “ Zack and Miri ” billboards were banned in Philadelphia and Salt Lake City for their reference to “ porno , ” and newspapers across the country have refused to carry advertisements for the film .
( The studio responded by printing posters that read : “ Seth Rogen and Elizabeth Banks made a movie so outrageous that we can’t even tell you the title . ” )
“ It ’s ‘ Dogma ’ all over again , where people hear about this movie long before they see it , ” Smith said , referring to his 1999 religious comedy starring Ben Affleck and Matt Damon that similarly managed to push cultural hot buttons in advance of its release .
“ It also does that thing I ca n’t stand where it builds expectations . ”
Except he was n’t even remotely troubled by the idea of putting off viewers .
Smith ’s main fear was that the controversy would contribute to a sense he had over - promised and under - delivered in the raunch department .
“ If people keep hearing about an NC - 17 and how some cities wo n’t let the billboard go up , they go into the theater with high expecations , man ! ” he exclaimed .
“ Sometimes that bar is too high to match .
You may have people coming out saying , ‘ That was n’t as bad as people said it would be . ’
I do n’t want to be blamed for crying wolf ! ”
Godfather of a style
Advertisement
There is also a secondary consciousness about “ Zack and Miri ” -- an easily understandable misunderstanding -- that it ’s in some fundamental way a Judd Apatow production .
In terms of potty - mouthed conversational dialogue , adult characters who behave like stunted adolescents and improvisational joie de vivre , the movie certainly resembles Apatow classics like “ Superbad ” or “ Knocked Up . ”
Then there ’s the casting .
“ Zack and Miri ” stars Apatow ’s go - to guy , Rogen , and enlists actors familiar to comedy lovers from having appeared in Apatow - produced films : Robinson ( “ Pineapple Express ” ) , Banks ( “ The 40 - Year - Old Virgin ” ) and Gerry Bednob ( “ The 40 - Year - Old Virgin , ” “ Walk Hard : The Dewey Cox Story ” ) .
Turns out that Apatow considers Smith one of his primary influences .
At a panel discussion at this year ’s Comic - Con pop culture and comic - book convention in San Diego , when asked by an audience member what filmmakers inspired his career , Apatow said : “ Kevin Smith laid the track . ”
Likewise , writer - actor Rogen -- whose improv acting style and curse - word vocabulary defines the Apatow ouevre -- credits Smith ’s 1994 Sundance hit “ Clerks ” with forming his filmic worldview .
Advertisement
“ I ’ve been a fan of Kevin ’s since I was 13 , ” said Rogen , reached by phone on the set of Apatow ’s dramedy “ Funny People . ”
“ I was hugely influenced by ‘ Clerks . ’
It was extremely real and conversation - based -- a lot like how our writing is now .
It was how we talked but a way you almost never saw in movies : people having really filthy , frank conversations about porno or ‘ Star Wars . ’
I had never seen guys talking about ‘ Star Wars ’ in a movie ! ”
For his part , Smith is untroubled by the comparisons .
“ It ’s this weird , snake - eating - the - tail thing .
If what I did early in my career opened a window for these cats , they kicked open a door for me with this movie .
Judd found a way to do this really successfully .
And it cleared my road for this .
It made a type of comedy that is the only comedy I know how to make financially viable . ”
In “ Zack and Miri , ” Robinson plays Delaney , Rogen ’s character ’s coffeehouse co-worker who ends up producing the titular porn film .
The “ Office ” cast member compared and contrasted Apatow ’s and Smith ’s on - set demeanors .
Advertisement
“ With Judd , it ’s more holding your hand .
He ’s going , ‘ Keep it real !
Keep it real !’ ” Robinson said .
“ Kevin ’s more laid back .
He ’ll watch you dance .
He ’s laid back in the chair just going , ‘ Bee - yoo - tiful .
Bee - yoo - tiful . ’
The common denominator is that they both got the raunchy humor and that heart . ”
A taste for success
Hours before Smith would catch a flight to screen “ Zack and Miri ” at the Chicago Film Festival , he again pondered its commercial prospects .
“ This is the first time my sensibilities and mainstream sensibilities have met , ” he said , lighting his umpteenth cigarette .
“ Not in a perfect way .
But better than I ’ve ever met the mainstream before . ”
But he was n’t quite finished on the topic of his weight .
Advertisement
“ The results of this movie will be interesting .
Come opening weekend , if it does well , I ’ll want to reward myself by eating more .
And if the movie does poorly , I imagine I ’ll want to self - medicate and eat more .
Hollywood ’s a hard town to be fat in ! ”
--
Lee is a Times staff writer .
chris.lee@latimes.com
The steady decline of voter turnout means that Canada is now governed by a political party chosen by fewer than one in four eligible voters .
The combination of these and other factors effectively disenfranchises 75 per cent of the population .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
And that is what Stephen Harper is counting on to squeeze out a majority government with as little as 35 per cent of the votes .
This is not what democracy should look like .
But in the short term -- the very short term of 36 days -- that is what we are faced with .
What if you are an activist who is terrified and depressed at the prospect of a majority government that would allow Stephen Harper to carry out a fulsome Conservative agenda ?
For you , there seem to be few effective ways to engage .
The fact of Canadian electoral politics is that once the election is called , those not directly involved in party electioneering are turned into spectators .
That may be the root of the media 's tendency to frame elections as a game .
For most Canadians that is exactly how it must appear .
And even for most who do get engaged , the process itself is apolitical .
Yes , you are free to place " remember to vote " signs on people 's doors .
But it 's hard not to get the feeling that by the time the election is called , it 's too late to do anything substantive to affect the outcome .
50 key seats
In fact , of course , what actually happens in this next five weeks is extremely important and deadly serious .
Everyone who can get out of bed in the morning needs to be involved -- and needs to be both principled in their political activity and ruthlessly practical at the same time .
That 's not an easy task .
As people who care deeply about their country , we are taught implicitly to vote for the party that most closely resembles our set of beliefs and convictions .
Except that in most of the seats across the country , the outcomes are already decided .
According to number crunchers in the parties , there are fewer than 50 seats where there are real contests .
This is where it will be decided whether or not Stephen Harper , a prime minister who disparages his own country , is re-elected .
If there was some super - computer that extrapolated and assessed all our individual values , aspirations , beliefs and convictions and determined the outcome , Harper would have been in history 's dustbin already .
Two thirds of Canadians consistently express their solid support for all the things that Harper will eliminate if he gets the opportunity .
But there is n't such a computer , and without proportional representation , our valiant efforts at voting our principles are undermined or rendered neutral by a crude system designed to favour incumbents and lower expectations of what is possible .
Indeed , it can be argued that the multi-party system was designed to ensure that genuine democracy , measured by outcomes for ordinary people , could never be achieved .
From that perspective it has been extraordinarily successful .
Does strategic voting make sense ?
But if voting strictly on the basis of your convictions has been rendered ineffective , what about so - called strategic voting ?
As much as many people want to drive a stake through the heart of this ugly political beast , it will keep coming back to life every time there is an election until we somehow get proportional representation .
The critical , practical flaw in strategic voting is that it assumes perfect knowledge of the history of each riding on the part of voters being asked to follow it .
But there is no such thing as perfect knowledge .
For example , as happened last time , people will vote Liberal in an NDP riding to stop the Conservatives -- even though in that riding the Conservatives have absolutely no chance of getting elected .
In the worst case scenario , strategic voting can actually have the exact opposite effect : taking votes away from the candidate most able to defeat a Conservative , allowing the Conservative to win .
Yet to be effective , strategic voting need only happen in those relatively small number of swing ridings where the results are not already known .
If a campaign could persuade thousands of voters in those 50 ridings to vote strategically , countering the perverse nature of our electoral system , it could determine the outcome of the election .
That 's principled politics , too , and in terms of actually saving the country , it trumps the lambs - to - the - slaughter strategy of voting your values as if it mattered .
Let 's not for a moment forget who we are up against -- a politician committed to continuing the dismantling of decades of social progress and facilitating the de facto annexation of Canada by the U.S.
A ruthlessly practical response is needed to counter a ruthless Stephen Harper .
The NDP 's new message
What does the NDP have to offer this time around ?
A quick look at Jack Layton 's starting gate speech shows some strengths and weaknesses .
Two changes could qualify as almost historic ;
The NDP are talking about the economy .
And they are almost exclusively attacking Harper leaving the Liberals alone .
These are major departures and welcome changes from the past .
Dion is already weak -- attacks by the NDP could be politically fatal and almost ensure a Harper victory .
The NDP has historically avoided talking economics because pollsters tell them they are n't trusted on the economy , a self - fulfilling prophecy that has played out for three decades .
Attacking corporate tax cuts and introducing green industrial development is a breakthrough for a federal election .
Medicare is another key theme but regrettably the NDP have all but abandoned the Afghan conflict and the militarization of Canadian culture -- presumably because the " support our troops " framing of the Conservatives is too difficult to reverse .
Also , they have chosen a cheap populist theme , attacking cell phone , bank and credit - card charges instead of hammering the Conservatives on their dangerous , right - wing deregulation agenda -- even though people are still dying as a result of Harper 's " self - regulation " changes to food safety .
He 's done the same to airline safety .
Greens : How mainstream ?
How about the Greens ?
Elizabeth May 's recent embrace of Blair Wilson , a rejected and controversial Liberal MP from the Lower Mainland , as the party 's first Member of Parliament should remind us that the most important quality of any politician is judgement .
And on this one , May comes out looking too much like an opportunist .
The former Liberal was apparently rejected by the party because of public family disputes , a tendency to litigate and more than one business failure .
Just a few weeks ago , he was talking about rejoining the Liberals and , according to media reports , threatened to run as an independent .
When the Liberals refused to budge , he went Green .
And on the basis of catching this questionable fish May claims : " This is indeed historic ... We are a party whose ideas and policies are now in the mainstream of the public debate . "
That 's a stretch .
Blair Wilson was not elected as a Green , and given the questions about his reliability he will almost certainly disappear politically on Oct 14th having never sat as a Green member of Parliament .
His likely contribution : he will lose but garner enough votes to elect John Weston , the Conservative who lost by only 1,000 votes last time .
In addition , the party had to expel a B.C. candidate because of past anti-Semitic remarks , suggesting the Greens do n't vet their candidates seriously .
The Greens are not a genuinely national party yet .
In many parts of the country they have virtually no riding associations ( they have nominated just 115 candidates ) but put up virtual candidates to scoop the federal election financing money .
Dion 's all - too - familiar Grits
While May has been effective in attacking Harper on a number of fronts , she still insists on breaking a principle she held to for many years : that the Green Party should not be trying to elect members but should be forcing other parties to adopt a green agenda .
Unlike the Greens in the U.S. , who have a policy of not running against Democrats where they have a chance of winning , May and her party are fielding a complete slate , once again risking electing Harper Conservatives .
That 's high risk politics of the worst kind .
And they will still not elect a single member .
Harper must be defeated and that wo n't happen if the Liberals do substantially worse than last time .
That 's just a blunt fact of political life in this election .
But it 's easy to forget what happened when the whole country demonized Brian Mulroney and neglected to see the Liberals for what they were and are : a party of Bay Street .
Finance Minister Paul Martin 's policies did more damage to the social policy infrastructure and the standard of living of Canadians than anything Mulroney did .
As a result , we are still trying to catch up to the real wage level of 1982 and Medicare is threatened like never before .
Dion 's affection for the environment aside , the same big business gang still runs the Liberal Party and they will ultimately run any Liberal government , too .
Related
Tyee stories :
By Bridget Kendall
BBC diplomatic correspondent
Vladimir Putin ( L ) and Dmitri Medvedev must agree policy decisions Getting to the bottom of the shadowy depths of Kremlin decision - making is tricky .
Machiavellian power struggles , dark paranoia of security chiefs and long fingers of corruption can turn seemingly rational and transparent explanations inside out .
But even public signals are instructive , and in the wake of the Georgia crisis , Russia 's leadership is taking stock and has several messages for the West .
The first key question about Russia is - who is really in charge ?
The standard answer is President Medvedev as Commander in Chief .
He , and only he , ordered Russian troops across the border to hit back when Georgia attacked on South Ossetia .
But presidential power is now the tip of an iceberg .
What murky currents swirl beneath the surface is less clear .
Dmitry Medvedev says he was caught unawares and admits his relative inexperience .
" I was on holiday on the Volga when the defence minister called , " he said at a conference of the so - called ' Valdai Club ' of foreign academics and journalists who specialise in Russia .
" I 'll never forget that night , knowing the consequences there would be when I gave the order to return fire especially when I 'd only been president for 95 days , " he said .
But what about Russia 's ex-president , now his prime minister , who was also at the conference ?
" However much authority I have , whoever I may be talking to , none of the troops or tanks would have moved an inch until President Medvedev 's order , " was Vladimir Putin 's attempt to deny his own importance when we asked about his role , thereby indicating that his clout and involvement were considerable .
1998 to present : BBC diplomatic correspondent 1994 - 98 : Washington correspondent 1989 - 94 : Moscow correspondent
More about Bridget
What is more , at the outset of the crisis , when Mr Putin was in Beijing for the opening of the Olympic Games , he was already thinking about Russia moving swiftly to recognise the two enclaves at the heart of the crisis .
He had taken the time , he told us , to inform the Chinese leadership that Russia would understand if Beijing chose not to react .
Double act
It begs the question - who is really driving policy , the president or the prime minister ?
The choreography and timing of our audiences with both were instructive .
A pair of three - hour meetings , two elegant luncheon settings , two declarative statements for Russian TV cameras at the start , and even two carefully informal blue suits with matching ties .
All to signal , perhaps , that their status is equal - a dual leadership exercising power in tandem .
I never thought I 'd need to use harsh rhetoric when I began this job .
But there are some moments as president when you are left with no choice
Russian President , Dmitri Medvedev
Indeed one senior government official made a point of emphasizing the duality , constantly referring to them in the same breath .
Policy decisions had to be cleared with both , he said .
And what was wrong with that ?
A double act surely strengthened , not muddled governance , requiring a green light from two instead of one .
We met Mr Putin first .
Almost the entire discussion was devoted to foreign policy .
He was burning to give his point of view .
He seemed supremely confident , engaged and in charge .
His anger at the way he felt Russia had been treated in recent years blazed through , as though it was his own personal animosity which is now firing and fuelling current policy .
It was hard to remember he was no longer president .
Economic policy , supposedly at the heart of his new job as prime minister , came up sporadically and he admitted he is still mastering his new brief .
When he did comment directly on Dmitry Medvedev , the impression he left was curious .
Mr Putin seemed to want to play up the differences between them , as though suggesting a " good cop , bad cop " routine .
He described himself as " conservative " and with an uncharacteristic flash of self - deprecation admitted his penchant for blunt speaking was sometimes a liability .
Whereas he described Dmitry Medvedev as bright , young and highly educated , with modern and - he stressed this twice - liberal views .
" He 's a good lad , " said Mr Putin a touch condescendingly , as though recommending his young protege to a would - be employer for a new job .
The aim , it seemed , was to send a signal to the West that Dmitry Medvedev is indeed more flexible and reformist than Putin himself - and was forced to act tough because the crisis left him no option .
Moral high ground
So the US and its allies should understand they had made a big mistake by allowing this conflict to happen - and they would make an even bigger mistake unless they made the compromises Russia now wants .
When we met Dmitry Medvedev he underscored the point .
" I never thought I 'd need to use harsh rhetoric when I began this job .
But there are some moments as president when you are left with no choice , " he said .
" I very much do n't want the Caucasus crisis to destroy Russian co-operation with Europe and the United States , " he elaborated , and suggested he felt frustrated at his new role of " President of War " .
He 's a good politician , I think I have a better opinion of George than most Americans
Vladimir Putin on George W Bush " A whole month has been lost on this war I 'd rather have been doing other things , " he said .
" Yesterday when I met the defence and finance ministers , instead of talking about car and tractor production , we had to discuss where to deploy the Russian army .
Priorities have had to change . "
So what , then , at this juncture does Russia want from the West ?
The first message is that the Russian government is in no mood to compromise .
It insists it occupies the moral high ground in this crisis and sees no reason to give way .
This was tantamount to Russia 's 9/11 , President Dmitry Medvedev declared to us , a defining moment in national policy and in relations with the outside world .
That conviction was echoed from top to bottom in our discussions with government officials , mainstream academics and journalists , all of them insisting Russia had no choice but to respond militarily and take South Ossetia and Abkhazia under its wing .
Any suspicion that Russia cunningly laid a trap that Georgia rashly walked into was dismissed as an outrageous lie .
The idea that by deploying troops deep inside Georgia and unilaterally recognising the two disputed enclaves ' independence Russia had gone too far was rejected out of hand .
The suggestion that by invading Georgian territory , and asserting its right to redraw the map , Russia made itself look like a bully , was also thrown out .
Instead President Saakashvili was blamed for triggering the conflict .
The United States had nudged him into it and rashly armed and trained his men while Europeans had looked the other way .
Any Western criticism to the contrary was hypocritical , given interventions in Kosovo and Iraq , and yet another example of anti-Russian hysteria and unfair stereotyping , based on prejudices left over from the Cold War .
Red line Curiously both Mr Putin and President Medvedev were carefully respectful when it came to President Bush .
" He 's a good politician , I think I have a better opinion of George than most Americans , " said Mr Putin , at the same time complaining that he had twice tried to get the US president to intervene .
Instead it was Vice - President Cheney and the US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , with their Soviet expertise , who were targeted as villains , suspected of fuelling anti-Russian sentiment in the US administration and egging Georgia on .
" We need to get rid of stereotypes .
The US president has too many Sovietologists in his entourage , " observed Dmitry Medvedev caustically .
Russia is keen to avoid accusations of annexing Georgian territory
The second message that came through clearly was that Russia 's " red line " - any move to extend Nato to Russia 's borders by seeking to incorporate Georgia or Ukraine - still stands .
What Russia really wants is a new discussion on European security arrangements to replace Nato with something else entirely .
But short of that , attempts by the United States or Nato to rearm Georgia or to extend formal invitations to either Georgia or Ukraine to join the alliance seem likely to prompt a furious Russian response .
" Russia has zones that are part of its interests .
For the West to deny it is pointless and even dangerous , " said President Medvedev .
" It 's unjust , it 's humiliating , and we 've had enough .
It 's something we are no longer prepared to endure , " he said .
" You have a very clear choice here .
Let there be no doubt about it . "
What exactly Russia would do to try to prevent this further Nato enlargement was left unclear .
" We 'll do all we can to make sure it does n't happen , " said Mr Putin carefully , talking about Ukraine .
Although on Georgia he noted Russian tanks had been within 15 kilometres of Tbilisi and could have taken the capital in four hours .
Economic concerns
So the hints of a threat , but not exactly - and that is interesting .
Because the third message that came through was that Russia would like to think a major East - West confrontation can still be avoided .
There may well be powerful forces in Russia 's military and security elite , ultra nationalists who would like to see their country retreat from global integration and rely once more on internal resources - economic and military - as in Soviet days , to reclaim influence geographically and show the outside world Russia 's might can no longer be ignored .
Russia 's stock market value has fallen by 50 % since May this year But diplomatic and economic isolation does not seem to be what the Kremlin leadership currently wants to embrace .
The haste with which both Mr Putin and Mr Medvedev shrugged off the notion that Russia might have to pay a price for this crisis was telling .
They denied that the loss of nearly 50 % of Russia 's stock market value from its all time high in May had much to do with the Georgia crisis .
A far more likely cause , they argued - with some justification , given what is happening on Wall Street - was the impact of global financial instability .
In comparison to many other countries , they insisted , Russia 's economy was in good shape - signs of capital flight were temporary .
Foreign investors would be back .
Russia 's energy resources were needed by everyone and it had weathered economic storms before .
The fact only Nicaragua had joined Russia in recognising Abkhazia and South Ossetia was also dismissed as unimportant , even if the glaring lack of overt diplomatic support for Russia 's actions appears to be a sensitive point .
When the leader of South Ossetia told us he intended to follow up independence by amalgamating his tiny republic with North Ossetia and becoming part of the Russian Federation , he was hurriedly slapped down .
Within hours he had issued a retraction .
Outright annexation by Russia of what is , after all , legally speaking Georgian territory is an accusation Moscow seems anxious to avoid .
Yes , Russia wants to claim that the ball is now firmly in the court of the US and its allies - that it is up to them , not Russia , to decide how this geopolitical crisis plays out .
But behind all the moral outrage , I felt there was also a nervousness , a worry that if Russia 's bluff is called and further tensions with the West ensue , it might force a stand - off from which neither side could back down .
" There is a chill in the air and a loss of trust , " said Dmitry Medvedev , " but I do n't think this is a corner turn that will lead to a long confrontation .
This is not what we want .
And it 's not what you want either . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
WASHINGTON – Democratic Party leaders Wednesday selected former Virginia Gov. Mark Warner to deliver the keynote address at their national convention in Denver this month , positioning him prominently in a weeklong lineup that seeks to pay homage to the party of the past while ushering in a new generation of leaders under Barack Obama .
The choice of Warner appeared to dim chances that the state ’s current governor , Timothy Kaine , would be selected as the Democrats ’ vice - presidential nominee .
If Kaine were chosen as Obama ’s running mate , two Virginians would have back - to - back , prime - time speaking slots , which party officials regard as an unlikely scenario .
The convention , which begins Aug. 25 , will be studded with old and new faces .
Monday will feature an homage to the Kennedys .
Tuesday , Sen. Hillary Clinton of New York will speak and Warner will deliver his keynote .
Wednesday ’s program will be devoted to military issues and national security , and it will feature Obama ’s pick for vice president ; two front - running vice - presidential candidates , Sens. Joe Biden of Delaware and Evan Bayh of Indiana , have speaking slots that day .
Former president Bill Clinton also will appear Wednesday .
Thursday , Obama will accept the nomination before some 80,000 people jammed into Invesco Field at Mile High Stadium .
Kaine is slated to speak Tuesday , a day devoted to the economy and the environment .
Democratic consultant Jenny Backus , a convention organizer , said most of the presumed vice - presidential finalists have been booked for speaking slots other than the running mate ’s address .
Kansas Gov. Kathleen Sebelius , for instance , also is on the Tuesday program .
A source close to Kaine said Tuesday night – before Wednesday morning ’s announcement about Warner – that the governor had seemed glum , and believed that he would “ get the silver medal ” in the vice - presidential sweepstakes .
Obama ’s decision to make security the theme of Wednesday night also is regarded by party observers as a subtle hint that Kaine and other governors without foreign policy credentials might be less likely choices .
Kaine had become the subject of intense speculation during the past two weeks , after reports that he had provided documents to Obama ’s campaign and had told friends that the conversations about the vice - presidential job were “ serious . ”
But he quickly became the focus of sharp Republican attacks .
One GOP source said on the day that story appeared that an Obama - Kaine ticket would be the “ least experienced ticket in the history of the world . ”
The Pirate Bay has successfully appealed the decision of an Italian judge who had ordered ISPs to block access to the popular BitTorrent tracker last month .
The Court of Bergamo decided that this block was unlawful , and that Italian users should regain access to the site .
This August , out of nowhere , The Pirate Bay was “ censored ” in Italy following a decree from a public prosecutor .
The block did n’t prove to be particularly effective , as traffic from Italy only increased .
Nevertheless ,
The Pirate Bay was determined to reverse the decision , and in that mission they have succeeded .
The Court of Bergamo has now lifted the block , and ISPs are again allowed to grant their users access to the most frequently used BitTorrent tracker on the Internet .
More details on the decision , and the reason why the block was reversed , will be made public later .
In a previous interview , Pirate Bay ’s lawyers Giovanni Battista Gallus and Francesco Micozzi described the order as “ ‘ original ’ or ‘ creative ’ at best , ” and said it should not have been ordered in the first place because of the lack of jurisdiction .
In addition , they argued that The Pirate Bay is not breaking any laws since it ’s not distributing copyright infringing material .
The court ’s decision might set an important precedent for BitTorrent sites in Italy , especially for Colombo - BT , the largest Italian torrent site , which was shut down by the same prosecutor responsible for the Pirate Bay block .
The action against Colombo - BT was orchestrated by the anti-piracy outlet IFPI , which also hijacked all Italian Pirate Bay visitors following the block .
Visitors who were blocked from The Pirate Bay were redirected to an IFPI server , instead of a server operated by the Italian government .
This is again an example of how lobby groups such as the IFPI , MPAA and RIAA are treated as government institutions .
Since many Pirate Bay visitors claimed their privacy was violated , the Italian Pirate Party and Altroconsumo filed a complaint with the ombudsman earlier this week .
Amid rising tensions over Georgia , U.S. officials are increasingly concerned that Russia is moving to rebuild one of the most dangerous features of the old Soviet Union ’s security structure -- its alliance with Cuba .
Moscow has been signaling that it wants to restore a long relationship with Havana that included not only economic ties , but also military and intelligence cooperation .
The relationship brought the world to the brink of nuclear war during the Cuban missile crisis of 1962 , when Russia secretly installed nuclear missiles on the island .
U.S. officials believe that Russian statements are partly bluster , intended to dissuade the United States and its allies from moving the NATO alliance and military equipment , including missile defense sites , closer to the Russian border .
And some experts question how interested Cuba is in rebuilding close ties with Russia .
But at a time when Russia has intervened forcefully in Georgia and is extending the global reach of its rebuilt military , some senior officials fear it may not be only bluster .
Advertisement
Russia “ has strategic ties to Cuba again , or at least , that ’s where they ’re going , ” a senior U.S. official said recently , speaking , like others , on condition of anonymity because of the sensitive implications of the assessments .
The officials said they doubted the Russians would risk stationing nuclear bombers on Cuba .
But some believe that Moscow might seek to restore its once - energetic intelligence cooperation with Havana , and to resume limited military cooperation , possibly including refueling stops for aircraft and warships .
In the current environment , such contacts would make U.S. officials uneasy , serving as a reminder of a military relationship between Havana and Moscow that stretched from the Cuban Revolution in 1959 until a weakened , post - Soviet Russia finally closed a massive electronic intelligence complex in Lourdes near Havana in 2001 .
One senior military officer said a return of Russian ships or planes could force additional U.S. deployments in the region .
But the Bush administration and Pentagon declined to comment publicly on the implications .
Advertisement
“ It is very Cold War retro , ” said a government official .
“ The topic could be reminiscent of the Cuban missile crisis , and that is a chapter that people do n’t want to revisit . ”
The Russian Defense Ministry dismissed a report in the newspaper Izvestia in July that quoted an unidentified Russian official as saying the government intended to begin basing Tupolev Tu-160 Blackjack and Tupolev Tu-95 Bear nuclear bombers in Cuba .
However , the report was taken seriously enough in Washington that Gen. Norton A. Schwartz , the new Air Force chief of staff , said during his Senate confirmation hearing at the time that sending the bombers would cross a “ red line in the sand . ”
Last month , Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice complained about Russia ’s increasing reliance on its military to remind the world of its power .
She criticized Russia ’s military advance into Georgia , a former Soviet republic , and its increasingly frequent patrols by long - range nuclear bombers in U.S. - and NATO - patrolled ocean lanes near northern Europe , Alaska and elsewhere .
Advertisement
As it rebuilds forces that withered during the impoverished 1990s , Russia also has been looking for new air and naval bases far from home .
It is negotiating with Syria to resume use of naval bases in Tartus and Latakia , Russian officials have said .
There has also been talk in Moscow of approaching Vietnam about using Cam Ranh Bay .
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin in late July sent one of his closest aides , Deputy Prime Minister Igor Sechin , and a large delegation to meet with Cuban President Raul Castro .
The meeting was primarily about economic cooperation , including possible oil exploration off Cuba .
But Russian officials made it clear that they were exploring resumption of other aspects of the relationship as well .
Nikolai Patrushev , who is secretary of the Russian Security Council and former director of the FSB , the domestic successor agency to the KGB , met with the Cuban defense and interior ministers on the trip .
Afterward , the council issued a statement saying that the two countries planned “ consistent work to restore traditional relations in all areas of cooperation . ”
Afterward , Putin said , “ We need to reestablish positions in Cuba and in other countries . ”
Advertisement
Some Russian analysts remain skeptical of the Kremlin ’s intentions , seeing the whispers of renewed military activity in Cuba as a tactic meant to rattle the United States .
Russian officials “ understand that the restoration of even an intelligence - gathering base in Lourdes would be a declaration of a new Cold War on the part of Russia , ” said Alexander Golts , defense analyst with the online publication Yezhednevny Zhurnal .
“ The Kremlin will never do it , because they cannot afford it . ”
Despite talk of a return to the Cold War , Golts noted , Russia spends 2.7 % of its gross domestic product on defense -- unlike the Soviet Union , which at the height of the Cold War spent 40 % .
Although several Bush administration officials who have been hawkish on Russia say they find the Cuba ties worrisome , other U.S. officials say the threat should not be overstated .
Advertisement
“ The old days are gone , and people need to keep a sense of perspective , ” said one U.S. official .
“ That said , I would n’t assume these [ Cuban and Russian intelligence ] services never talk to each other . ”
That official said Cuban intelligence activities posed a concern even without rekindled Russian ties .
“ They were and are aggressive on their own , ” he said .
“ If anything , the years that have passed since the end of the Soviet Union have convinced the Cubans that , when it comes to intelligence , they themselves are the only people on whom they can rely . ”
Since becoming president , Raul Castro has generally avoided provoking the United States , said Brian Latell , a former CIA analyst and Cuba specialist .
Latell said he was skeptical that Castro would want to be caught in the middle of the rekindled U.S. - Russian rivalry .
Advertisement
“ Why go out on a limb for Putin ? ” asked Latell , who has written a book , “ After Fidel , ” about Cuba ’s political transition .
“ I ’m not sure I can discern why the Cubans would want to get themselves wrapped around these great power issues . ”
Latell added , though , that he was ready to believe that the Cubans would cooperate on intelligence and would resume limited military contacts , such as refueling of aircraft .
The 28 - square - mile Russian electronic surveillance complex at Lourdes was Russia ’s largest such base overseas , and reportedly had as many as 1,500 Russian engineers , technicians and military personnel working there .
Less than 100 miles from Key West , Fla. , its position made it ideal for snooping on the U.S .
The Russian government ended its involvement there in 2001 because of its high cost as well as the strain it exerted on U.S. - Russian relations .
Advertisement
Mark Hackard , assistant director of the Nixon Center in Washington , said Russia ’s moves grew out of its sense that , although it has given ground on security again and again since the 1990s , it has received little in return from the United States and its allies .
Yet , there are limits to how far the Russians will extend their military , he said .
“ They ’re not seeking a new superpower standoff around the world , ” Hackard said .
“ They do want primacy in the former Soviet sphere . ”
--
paul.richter@latimes.com
Advertisement
--
Times staff writers Julian E. Barnes in Washington and Megan K. Stack in Moscow contributed to this report .
Read the soon to be updated first edition of the only FS book so far :
2007 May 21
Copyright © Brian Wright
The Coffee Coaster™ Ron Paul / Dennis Kucinich 2008
Sticking it to the Cartel politicians and media
All right , I realize most of my peers in the Free State will go apoplectic to think some " raving socialist " like Dennis Kucinich might even be mentioned in the same breath with libertarian icon Ron Paul .
( Check out the Kucinich Website , though ... easily the coolest bumper stickers on the planet . )
A couple of contrary points merit consideration in this context : a ) Dr. Paul seems astonishingly uncomprehending of the science behind anthropogenic global warming , certainly one of the gravest threats the species faces in this century , b ) he 's antichoice on abortion , and c ) he 's 71 .
Hey , we all have problems , right ?
On every other essential attribute Ron Paul is dead solid perfect , and I particularly like his animus toward the Federal Reserve System and the income tax — two lynch pins of Cartel [ 1 ] oppression .
Animosity toward the Cartel also characterizes Dennis Kucinich 's positions .
Like Paul , Kucinich is fully opposed to the war machinery of the imperial state and sometimes seems to show even more awareness than Dr. Paul of the corporate origins of such excesses of state power .
( For example , Kucinich is the only candidate who concedes a possibility that 911 was an inside job ... and wants a real investigation . )
Kucinich , on the MSNBC debates April 26 , 2007 , was the only candidate to produce a copy of the US Constitution in the course of defending a position .
He did so as he announced his reasons for introducing impeachment articles against Dick Cheney .
( Ron Paul has not moved toward impeachment of any administration official , though he surely regards their acts of war as the highest of crimes . )
So in the Department of Political Cojones , advantage Kucinich .
Also to his credit : Kucinich is cognizant of environmental science and an aggressive advocate of " polluters pay , " not to mention " polluters stop . "
Which should allay fears that he 's antagonistic toward property rights ; his environmentalism is congruent with the views of Robert F. Kennedy , Jr. , i.e. that free market principles are for everyone .
No privileges to the corporatist scorch - the - earth - for - profits crowd .
Oh yes , both of these candidates are adamantly against the drug war — again , I have to give the advantage to Dennis over Ron for being more up front publicly on the issue — and they would end that lunatic policy with the stroke of a pen .
So what 's the caveat on Kucinich ?
Unfortunately , it 's as big as a Buick .
Kucinich suffers from the classic leftist " totalitarian lean " — anyone remember the " gangster lean ? " — syndrome , especially on matters of HEW ( health , education , and welfare ) .
Instead of seeing the state as a barnacle on the ass of progress , leaning leftists see a savior .
Social Security , universal health care , public assistance , universal forced government schooling ; you name it , they want to keep the government program and make it even more ironfisted .
Plus , Kucinich would ban handguns !
How does that square with his support of the Constitution ?
Definitely a mixed bag .
I tend to see Kucinich's HEWie factor as seeking community - based alternatives to corporatist plunder .
But I probably give him too much credit ... and there is that position on guns .
But then I find the antichoice position of Dr. Paul to be almost as offensive .
Anyway , on issues , advantage Paul ; so on my dream ticket , that 's why I make Kucinich second banana .
In reality , none of their incorrect positions is likely to be implemented .
If you want the ideal candidate in terms of positions and awareness , work for the presumed Libertarian nominee George Phillies .
I 've met him and he has the intellectual stature and moral courage to do the job .
Among the Reps and Dems , why are Paul and Kucinich the best ?
Because they are thoroughgoing humans who fervently resist Matrix - like domination of the Cartel .
And it appears genuine humans are going to have some sayso in this campaign .
Ron Paul on the two TV debates thus far has led phone - in opinion polls ; Kucinich has done similar in the Dem forums .
Both Dr. Paul and Mr. Kucinich have appeared effectively on Bill Maher 's HBO program Real Time .
I love the fact the Cartel media moguls are excreting frisbees over Ron Paul 's unexpected poll numbers .
These are exciting times , indeed .
Unseen ragtag armies of hard money , income - tax - and - Federal - Reserve - hating , drug - war - police - state - hating , gun-loving , freedom - is - a - family - value patriots have their trigger fingers on their mouses and their ears to the ground .
My friends and I in the Free State will be working overtime to make Dr. Paul the undisputed winner of the New Hampshire primary .
Wo n't that give Sean Hannity a night to remember !
What do you think ? [ 1 ]
My identification of the Cartel is necessarily loose because many of its workings are secret .
However , a working definition in the modern international context is a set of cooperating international banks , foundations , academia , and multinational corporations who thoroughly control commerce , politics , and media .
Specifically , in America , these institutions rest on strong central government — through the national bank ( Federal Reserve System ) , the income tax , the police - state intelligence cult ( CIA , NSA , etc. ) , and so on — and abrogate individual rights while systematically destroying community - driven , Constitutional democracy .
Who is the maximum leader of the Cartel ?
No single individual , but the inner circle certainly consists of selected heirs to massive historical industrial and banking - monopoly dynasties .
( Rockefeller and Rothschild , respectively , are emblematic . )
I discuss the Cartel ( aka the Oligarchy ) in my book more fully , yet there exist hundreds of illuminating documents from the 1000 - page tome of Dr. Carroll Quigley , Tragedy and Hope , to the brilliant little monograph The Occult Technology of Power .
Robert Downey Jr. as Sherlock Holmes
Take a look at these first pictures ofon set filmingin Central London . ’s “ Sherlock Holmes ” will also staras Dr Watson , as his love interest Mary .
The bad guys will beas Irene Adler andas Blackwood .
You can see more pictures here – Just Jared “ Sherlock Holmes ” is scheduled for release in October 2009 .
From yesterday 's New York Times : " ' We find over and over again that bacon is the conversion meat , ' Ms. Standen said .
' Bacon is how vegetarians change their minds . ' "
Not an entirely new concept ( we 've heard it before ) , but we always like pointing it out .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Sometimes things are so crazy , out there and / or annoying that I just have to share it with someone somehow .
Or I feel like I simply must record my thoughts on it for posterity .
This is a good place to do that .
Take the contents of this blog seriously at your peril .
Posted by Sir Cucumber at on Thursday , October 30 , 2008
Willy cannot vote , and has no interest in voting .
In a minute he 's going to sneak out of detention to play video games .
Willy is smart , and Willy is spunky .
He skateboards , dreams of becoming the world Nintari champion , and pushes his little sister on the swing .
But Willy also cannot read .
Oh , Willy knows his synonynms and antonyms , and what to write at the beginning and end of an essay question , but the truth is he can't even communicate without a multiple choice array of what to say .
Social promotion and standardized test prep has taught Willy how to exist within the system , but not how to navigate it .
Willy knows he wo n't go to college - he ’ll never even grow up .
Willy knows what we expect of him , and acts accordingly .
He 'll graduate in two years , and in less time his slingshot antics will land him in prison , and the cycle continues .
I do n’t know whether the solution is school funding , vouchers , higher teacher pay , channel one , or what .
I ’m just glad to not be back there myself .
But , contrary to Willy ’s childish beliefs , there are no saves or restores in this life .
This election , let ’s keep him in our minds .
I take everything I read about American politics in the British papers with a grain of salt .
But giving what we ’ve seen so far , I ca n’t say I ’d be surprised if the moral jalopy that is the McCain - Palin Straight Talk Express sunk us even further into farce with something like this .
From the Times of London …
In an election campaign notable for its surprises , Sarah Palin , the Republican vice - presidential candidate , may be about to spring a new one — the wedding of her pregnant teenage daughter to her ice - hockey - playing fiancÃ© before the November 4 election .
Inside John McCain ’s campaign the expectation is growing that there will be a popularity boosting pre-election wedding in Alaska between Bristol Palin , 17 , and Levi Johnston , 18 , her schoolmate and father of her baby .
“ It would be fantastic , ” said a McCain insider .
“ You would have every TV camera there .
The entire country would be watching .
It would shut down the race for a week . ”
Female activists in Iran scored a rare but significant victory this week when parliament decided to shelve legislation that they said would have reduced the rights of women in marriage .
But on Tuesday , a court sentenced four of their leaders to prison .
The four women were sentenced to six months for contributing to banned women ’s websites , Shirin Ebadi , their lawyer , told news outlets .
They were identified as Mariam Hossein - khah , Nahid Keshavarz , Jelveh Javaheri and Parvin Ardalan .
Last week , Zeinab Bayzeydi , a women ’s rights activist in western Iran , was sentenced to four years in prison .
All five were involved in an international campaign , “ One Million Signatures , ” to amass petitions demanding women ’s rights in the Islamic Republic .
The legislation set aside Monday , titled The Family Protection Bill , was proposed by conservative lawmakers in July .
It included changes to the family law that critics said were anything but protective of families .
Advertisement
The bill would have allowed husbands to get religiously sanctioned “ temporary ” marriages or take additional wives without the consent of their first spouses .
In addition , divorced women would have to pay taxes on alimony .
Iranian women ’s rights activists , nonprofit organizations and celebrities mustered their energy to fight the measure by pressuring lawmakers .
Though little discussed in official news media , the proposed changes became the talk of the country .
Temporary marriages , called sigheh in Persian , are religiously sanctioned unions that can last as long as a lifetime or be as short as 30 minutes .
They traditionally have been popular with male travelers or seminary students who find themselves far from their wives for long periods .
But critics say sigheh in some cases allows men to skirt laws against prostitution .
Under Iranian law , a man can engage in polygamy if his wife or wives give consent .
But polygamy is not popular in mainstream Iranian society and frowned upon except in certain rural or tribal areas .
Advertisement
On Aug. 31 , about 100 women from all walks of society went to the parliament to discuss the danger embodied in the proposed articles .
Among them were Ebadi , recipient of the 2003 Nobel Peace Prize ; Simin Behbahani , a poet ; Rakhshan Bani-Etemad , a film director ; Laleh Seddigh , a race car driver ; and Elahe Koulaee , a former lawmaker .
They were backed by rights organizations , including Amnesty International , which issued a report calling on Iranian authorities to stop harassing activists trying to fight the bill .
But the measure also drew opposition from some unlikely quarters , including Ayatollah Mahmoud Hashemi Shahroudi , the conservative cleric who heads Iran ’s judiciary .
His office originally proposed new marriage legislation , but he had sharply criticized the version presented to lawmakers .
With little fanfare Monday , the parliament , or Majlis , opted to indefinitely postpone floor discussion of the bill .
Advertisement
“ Parliament Retreats , ” read a front - page headline Tuesday in the reformist newspaper Etemaad Melli .
Officially , the bill has been sent to a committee for further revisions , Iranian officials said , though some warned that its draconian provisions could be resurrected .
“ It ’s a victory , but it ’s a temporary victory , ” said Farnaz Saifi , an Iranian women ’s rights activist studying in the Netherlands .
“ These movements and protests have to continue . ”
Turan Valimorad , an expert on women ’s issues , said lawmakers have agreed to consult with rights activists before reformulating any changes .
Advertisement
“ We hope we can come to an agreement to legalize temporary marriage only in exceptional cases , not as a right for every man to engage in , ” she said .
“ Until then , we will try to postpone approval of the bill as long as we can . ”
daragahi@latimes.com
Special correspondent Ramin Mostaghim in Tehran contributed to this report .
A Denver group that advocates for marijuana decriminalization launched an Internet ad campaign Tuesday labeling Sen .
John McCain ’s wife , Cindy , a “ drug dealer ” because of her ownership stake in an Anheuser - Busch distributorship .
SAFER Colorado director Mason
Tvert said it would be hypocritical if a first lady owned a beer company while people were being jailed for smoking marijuana .
“ It clearly lays out the case that Cindy McCain is not only the dealer of a drug , ” Tvert said , “ but the dealer of a drug far more harmful than marijuana . ”
The McCain campaign declined to comment .
Safer Alternative For Enjoyable Recreation is the group behind the 2007 initiative that made marijuana Denver ’s “ lowest law enforcement priority ” and a 2005 initiative that legalized marijuana possession of 1 ounce or less in the city .
In 2006 , the group called Denver Mayor John Hickenlooper and former Republican U.S. Senate candidate Peter Coors drug dealers for their involvement with beer sales .
Cindy McCain is the chairwoman of Hensley & Co. , an Arizona beer distributor .
The website DrugDealerCindy.com features wanted posters of Cindy McCain , claiming that she “ makes millions of dollars dealing ” alcohol .
Tvert said the group is not attacking the McCain campaign .
The group is n’t even anti-alcohol , he said .
“ As we ’ve been saying , this is not about party politics — it ’s about partying politics , ” he said .
“ And right now when people in this country party , they are being punished if they decide to smoke marijuana . ”
The group , a nonprofit , will start posting advertisements on blog sites , he said .
Thanks to its wide sandy beaches and enormous coastline complete with some of the most outstanding vacation rentals and famous amusement parks in the world , there is far more to the Sunshine State than just the tourist attractions , amusement parks and citrus agriculture .
Guests of Florida vacation rentals can visit the many theme parks in the Orlando area .
But there 's much more to Orlando than thrill rides and costumed characters .
How about a hot - air balloon ride ?
Indoor skydiving ?
Parasailing ?
You ’ll find it all here .
And whether you 're in town for a romantic weekend or a budget family vacation , there 's a vacation rental by owner in Orlando to suit your taste and budget .
Graced with miles of white - sand beaches , luxurious real estate , beautiful year - round weather , sumptuous restaurants , Marco Island , is the largest of Florida 's Ten Thousand Islands .
If you are looking for rentals in Marco Island you will be happy to find many cheap vacation rentals appropriate for you and your family .
While in Florida , make Kissimmee or Orlando vacation rentals your family fun headquarters , while you visit Walt Disney World , SeaWorld Orlando , Universal Studios Florida and other area attractions .
If you are one who prefers a more private ambiance , you should focuse your attention on the North Central Florida coastline .
It ’s characterized by marsh , with a few secluded beach areas offering private Florida vacation rentals for those who want to get away from it all .
Scenic spots include Lighthouse Point , Alligator Point and Shell Point .
Further south , a few pristine beaches accessible only by boat are found within the Cedar Keys National Refuge .
Political conventions are memorable not only for what the party grandees say , but for what they leave out .
What was noticeably absent from last week 's Republican gabfest ?
Gay - bashing .
This is not an insignificant development for Republicans .
In 2004 , gays featured prominently at the Republicans ' convention and in their rhetoric .
In February of that year , President George W. Bush announced his support for the Federal Marriage Amendment ( FMA ) , which would have written discrimination into our country 's founding document by stipulating ...
1 CAD USD 0.74617 USD 1 Canadian Dollar = 0.74617 US
Dollars as of 9/30/2020
100 CAD USD 74.6168 USD 100 Canadian Dollars = 74.6168 US
Dollars as of 9/30/2020
10,000 CAD USD 7,461.68 USD 10,000 Canadian Dollars = 7,461.68 US
Dollars as of 9/30/2020
North Carolina Senator Elizabeth Dole and her communications staff put out a press release today criticizing her Democratic challenger Kay Hagan .
What did Hagan do to deserve the criticism ?
She plans to attend a fundraiser hosted by atheists .
On September 15th , Kay Hagan is heading to Boston , Massachusetts to attend a fundraiser for her Senate campaign .
What may surprise mainstream North Carolinians is that the fundraiser will be in the home of leading anti religion activists Wendy Kaminer and her lawyer husband Woody Kaplan — who is an advisor to the “ Godless Americans Political Action Committee . ” …
Kaminer is also an advisory board member ( Woody is the chairman ) of The Secular Coalition for America which is “ the national lobby for atheists , humanists , freethinkers and other nontheistic Americans with the unique mission of protecting their civil rights . ”
( Secular Coalition For America , Press Release , 1/16/08 ) Kaminer ’s husband , Woody Kaplan , is also an advisor to the Godless Americans Political Action Committee which sees itself as a counter - force to religious groups in public policy debates .
So , Republicans hate civil rights ?
In fact , the Dole people think protecting rights for all people would horrify North Carolinians .
You know why I say this ?
Because Dole ’s campaign says it right in the press release :
“ Kay Hagan does not represent the values of this state ; she is a Trojan Horse for a long list of wacky left - wing outside groups bent on policies that would horrify most North Carolinians if they knew about it , ” [ Communications Director Dan ] McLagan said .
“ This latest revelation of support from anti-religion activists will not sit well with the 90 % of state residents who identify with a specific religious faith . ”
Actually , I think most people of faith would be fine if minority groups received equal rights .
I do n’t know of any atheist groups asking for special rights .
We just want to be treated fairly and we do n’t want to see religious groups getting privileges the rest of us cannot get .
Next , we ’ll see the Dole campaign ripping on Hagan for “ associating with known Jews . ”
That makes equally as much sense as this press release .
Chris Ray points out that North Carolinians are n’t as devout as the Dole people would have us believe .
According to The Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life , 20 % of people in the state attend a worship service “ seldom or never . ”
Less than half the people in the state attend a weekly service .
The fact that the Dole people are using Hagan ’s mere association with atheists as a point of attack on her says a lot more about how desperate and crooked they are than it does anything about Hagan .
…
Siamang adds :
While you ’re at it , Email the Dole campaign and tell them why you just gave money to their opponent .
info@elizabethdole.org
Our brains are littered with passwords and alphanumeric combinations that span all levels of necessary corporate and personal security — from bank accounts and PINs , to work - related e-mail and network log-ons , to e-commerce and social networking sites .
MORE ON CIO.com
How Do We Manage Our Expanding Collections of Passwords and PINs ?
Who 's Stealing Your Passwords ?
Global Hackers Create a New Online Crime Economy
Trojan Lurks , Waiting to Steal Admin Passwords
A neurological researcher who is fully appreciative of the dizzying increase in passwords and other things to memorize , however , argues that we all can remember much more if we practice visualizing the information we want to recall .
But first :
What should we actually try to commit to memory these days ?
It seems like a legitimate question .
( Personally , here 's how many computer - related passwords I can remember off the top of my head : three .
I figure I have a total of 50 or so passwords which I need to recall during a typical month . )
Recent research from Ian Robertson , professor of psychology at the Institute of Neuroscience and School of Psychology at Trinity College in Dublin , Ireland , illustrates the growing amount of alphanumeric clutter in our heads : the average person now has to remember five passwords , five PIN numbers , two number plates , three security ID numbers and three bank account numbers just to get through everyday life .
A 2007 study of Web users by Microsoft Research found that the average user has 6.5 Web passwords , each of which is shared across almost four different websites .
In addition , each user has about 25 accounts that require passwords , and types an average of 8 passwords per day .
Too Much To Remember ?
Not surprisingly , Robertson 's research found that nearly 60 percent of those studied felt like they could n't possibly remember all of these numbers and letters that they were supposed to .
A consequence of this " information overload " was that most users today create weak passwords ( dog 's or child 's name usually top the list ) or rely heavily on technology to create or store of the alphanumeric data .
Vendor solutions to the password problem , such as Passface 's facial - recognition technology , abound .
Researchers , like those at Microsoft , have explored the value of tech - assisted visual aides , like digital ink blots .
And security experts such as Bruce Schneier have laid out their own strategies .
( See CSO 's take : " How to Write Good Passwords . " )
To which Robertson responds : " People are incapable [ of remembering passwords ] because of the particular ways they have been taught to remember , " he says .
" We can use our brains much more than we do .
And if we could be bothered , we could happily remember two dozen passwords using some fairly standard memory methods . "
Flexing the Brain's Memory Muscles
The brain is just like any other part of our body when it comes to use , Robertson contends : " Use it or lose it . "
His recent study showed the generational differences and how the brain can seemingly atrophy .
In Robertson 's survey , for example , almost a third of those under 30 could n't remember their home telephone number , which was usually stored on their mobile device or on a piece of paper .
" I was astonished that a significant percentage of people did n't know their own cell phone number or landline number without looking it up , " Robertson says .
" And this was much more so of younger people , who are reliant on technology , and that 's leading to the underuse of certain areas of the brain . "
( A recent article in The Atlantic , by Nicholas Carr , asked if Google was making us stupid — was the Internet negatively influencing our brain 's processing abilities , especially in how we read ? )
Our website is one of Australia 's most authoritative sources of valuable information for consumers researching about new cars .
We are also actively involved in offering motoring enthusiasts with the latest car news as they come .
Boasting a committed team of auto experts , we are dedicated to providing informative car reviews as well as news of the latest cars in the Australian showrooms to help consumers buy appropriate cars that suit their lifestyle and needs .
We aim to create unique , informative and entertaining content with an independent overview that helps us stand out among other motoring websites .
We offer practical advice that ’s free from over complicated jargon .
We review all new cars and selected used cars , taking into consideration the most relevant buying attributes with a combination of authentic content , user reviews , and advice from independent auto experts .
This has consolidated our position as one of the most comprehensive and trusted car reviews platforms in Australia .
We continually review various types of car models ranging from family cars , luxury cars , performance machines , work utes and commercial vehicles .
Our Staff
Our company has an army of highly experienced authors , many of whom are car enthusiasts and have unrivalled expertise in the automobile industry .
We are confident that our advice is among the best you 'll find around and comes backed by facts .
Our staff are ready to assist you regarding anything that revolves around autos .
Why Choose Us for Car Reviews ?
We are dedicated to covering new cars in the Australian market .
Our staff are always up - to - date with latest car models .
We bring you comprehensive details about cars that are trendy and popular in Australia .
You can be rest assured that our reviews are entirely authentic considering that we always base them on facts .
We keep you abreast with the latest car news .
As such , expect us to provide keep you updated with the latest information as released by car manufacturers such as on upcoming car models or upgrades of existing models .
We simplify our car reviews so that everyone can understand the basic and premium specifications of the cars we review .
Think of us as your friendly and trusted automobile advisors - we provide you with easy to understand cars guides and information about various cars which you might be interested in .
For more details regarding our services and available cars for sale , feel free to contact us via email or telephone numbers which we 've provided on our site 's contact section .
We look forward to serving you .
Click on the following links to learn more about new car reviews or used car reviews
A group of community farmers , some of them Amish , are challenging rules requiring the tagging of livestock with RFID chips , saying the devices are a " mark of the beast . "
Michigan and federal authorities say the radio frequency identification devices ( RFID ) will help monitor the travels of bovine and other livestock diseases .
" Use of a numbering system for their premises and / or electronic numbering system for their animals constitutes some form of a ' mark of the beast ' and / or represents an infringement of their ' dominion over cattle and all living things ' in violation of their fundamental religious beliefs , " according to the farmers ' lawsuit filed Monday in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia .
As radio frequency identification devices become a daily part of the electronic age , RFID technology is increasingly coming under fire for allegedly being the mark of Satan .
The technology is fast becoming a part of passports and payment cards and is widely expected to replace bar - code labels on consumer goods .
The suit ( .pdf ) mentions various verses from the Book of Revelation .
" He causes all , both small and great , rich and poor , free and slave , to receive a mark on their right hand or on their foreheads , and that no one may buy or sell except one who has the mark or the name of the beast , or the number of his name . "
Revelation 13:16-17
The farmers ' lawsuit , brought by the Virginia - based Farm - to - Consumer Legal Defense Fund and some of its 1,400 members , seeks to block enforcement of the National Animal Identification System .
Some of the group 's members so staunchly oppose the program that " they may have to quit farming , " according to the lawsuit .
And if they quit , U.S. citizens could be in jeopardy during a terror attack .
According to the lawsuit :
" All plaintiffs preserve and protect Americans ' agricultural heritage and traditional farming techniques , they maintain and protect heirloom varieties of plants and animals constituting a valuable genetic resource which may help to protect America 's food supply in the event of a disease outbreak , and they also provide a national security benefit founded in a diverse system in the event of a terrorist attack or natural disaster that interrupts the distant transportation of centrally produced food across the country . "
They may quit farming and imperil the United States because RFID tagging " forces them to , in part , violate tenets of their Old Order Amish beliefs , i.e. , they are forced to use technology they would ordinarily not use , " according to the suit .
The lawsuit also claims the program places a financial burden on small farmers and that the U.S Department of Agriculture has failed to show " any rational relationship to or causal link with animal disease control . "
See Also :
John McCain has described the essence of his foreign policy thinking in this way , " I am an idealist , and I believe it is possible in our time to make the world we live in another , better , more peaceful place , where our interests and those of our allies are more secure , and American ideals that are transforming the world , the principles of free people and free markets , advance even farther than they have . "
Three of his top foreign policy advisers are Randy Scheunemann , Robert Kagan , and William Kristol , they are all also project directors for the Project for the New American Century , a group formed when President Clinton was in the White House around what many foreign policy experts say are neoconservative ideals .
McCain has a plan for a " League of Democracies , " which is envisioned as a group of similar minded nations that would act outside of the United Nations against threats to international security , and it is seen as agreeable with neoconservative ambitions .
It is more or less a means to supersede the United Nations , when the United States chooses to do so , so as to have a veil of ' international approval ' for a proposed intervention .
Douglas C. Foyle , a professor of government at Wesleyan University , calls a speech McCain made in Los Angeles a re-imagining of McCain 's deeply held neoconservative beliefs , " He 's talking about idealism with realistic tendencies but he 's still talking about God and destiny for the United States , which is very neoconservative . "
So we see in McCain 's foreign policy thinking a serious messianic streak , a tendency that would have him going around the world and supplanting tyranny by replacing it with U.S. client regimes .
McCain has also referred to his own foreign policy as a departure from Bush 's approach , but so far we 're getting a picture that is not very dissimilar to George W. Bush 's foreign policy M.O .
In the summer of 2002 , Policy Review published an article by Robert Kagan where he spoke of a fundamental parting of ways between Europe and the U.S. Kagan wrote that a decrease in European military power , " has produced a powerful European interest in inhabiting a world where strength does n't matter , where international law and international institutions predominate , where unilateral action by powerful nations is forbidden , where all nations regardless of their strength have equal rights and are equally protected by commonly agreed - upon international rules of behavior . "
Is n't this the world most decent peace loving people would want for humanity ?
A world where international law is followed by every nation , and where none of the great powers take rogue state - like actions ( which the U.S. has many times ) ?
Not surprisingly , this is the world that the neoconservatives decry , they refuse to believe that the international community could actually attain this kind of ' utopian ' vision ( even though their whole worldview is based upon a utopian vision ) .
What is the neoconservative conclusion ?
It is that we ( the United States ) must go out into the world and spread our idyllic vision , via the barrel of the gun , if that 's what is ' necessary ' ( when I say our ideas I use that term loosely , considering the neoliberal ' paradise ' that has been created in Iraq ) .
Bloomberg News has opined that , while there is a public perception that John McCain may be " less bellicose " than Bush , in reality McCain is as content " to stay the course in Iraq and more confrontational " on a wide array of other foreign policy matters than George W. Bush .
" On Russia and China , he is clearly more hawkish than Bush " said Ken Weinstein , of the Hudson Institute .
The strongly conservative Cato Institute has called John McCain 's foreign policy judgment " alarmingly bad " .
And Ivo Daalder , a former National Security Council aide to President Clinton , and no dove himself , has stated , " This is a man who has n't seen a country he does n't want to bomb or invade . "
To hear McCain tell it , there is apparently no conflict situation anywhere in the world that cannot achieve a resolution by the intercession of U.S. military forces .
This fervor for interventionism is a long way from the hard - headed realism of the young congressman who challenged Ronald Reagan 's decision to send peacekeepers to Lebanon by asking , " What peace ? "
If McCain becomes president , in addition to hostility with the Arabs and the Persians , we 'd soon be at odds with the Russians as well .
The G - 8 , says McCain , should be " a club of leading market democracies :
It should include Brazil and India but exclude Russia . "
McCain sees Russia as one the rogue states he'd like to transform , and a John McCain in the White House could potentially launch a plan for Russian regime change .
McCain , is currently trying to reshape himself as a ' maverick for real change ' , but he has never really been a critic of the central thrust of George W. Bush 's foreign policy worldview .
He has attacked the Bush administration 's conduct of the War in Iraq , but nearly entirely on the grounds of mismanagement and errors in judgment , while remaining loyal to the neoconservative messianic project of ending all tyranny wherever it may exist on the globe .
In fact , McCain would go even further than Bush in this regard , calling for a " rogue state rollback " ; and surely everyone remembers McCain 's singing of " Bomb , bomb , bomb Iran " to the tune of a Beach Boys song , in the midst of his campaign .
In the late 80's and early 90's McCain was trying to grease the wheels for a project of the University of Arizona to erect deep space telescopes on national forest lands at the summit of Mt. Graham .
This land hosts more than 18 endangered plants and animals , the most famous of which is the Mt. Graham red squirrel , found in no other region .
Mt. Graham is not only an ecological wonder , it is also a sacred mountain to the San Carlos Apache Amerindians .
Strange lights were spotted in Israeli Sky
Our readers from the Center district and as far as Ashkelon in the South have noticed several bright trails in the sky .
Witnesses reported that the " weird lights " were seen in the sky for more than 15 minutes .
Tal Rabinovski
Many residents that took a look at the sky yesterday ( Saturday ) noticed a couple of strange lights .
The sighting was spotted from Ashkelon in the South , to Haifa in the North .
The bright lights were also visible in the coast area and Jerusalem area in the East .
IDF reported of no unusual recent activity .
At around 21:00 there were yellow lights shining in the Israeli sky .
Matan , 19 years old from Lod told Ynet : " I saw a bright yellow light and then another one appearing near it .
And they were clearly visible for 15 - 20 minutes .
After that they started to dim and I entered the house thinking that the sighting was over .
But after 5 minutes I saw that now there were 4 of them " .
Matan further described the unfolding event : " The lights appeared stationary , but not like a star .
They remained in the same place and therefore did n't look like a plane or a flare .
It did n't look like anything I can think of " .
©Yuval Tal
Igal Pat - El , chairman of the Israeli Astronomical Society and head of the Star Observatory , noted that the Society 's observation post located in Kiriat - Gat spotted the same lights in the South .
He added : " It is impossible to see the same flare from both locations that far away from each other .
Therefore , we must assume that we are dealing with some kind of national event " .
Only two weeks ago Israel was shocked by another ' heavenly ' body that passed through the Israeli sky .
Many residents in Sharon , Center , Krayot and Jerusalem districts saw the magnificent sight - two bright trails in the sky .
Several witnesses reported hearing a whistling sound .
Sharon Police Department also received many reports from citizens who were able to catch the event .
Beside the daily atrocities and ongoing Palestinian genocide , it seems that there are other curious things happening lately in the land of sour milk and poisoned honey .
First we had a meteorite sighting that caused quite a stir , raising hysteria that Iranians are testing their missiles with the goal to finally eliminate the bravest sons and daughters of Yahweh .
And this time we have a report about a mysterious ' simultaneous sighting ' on a national scale .
Coincidently , there were quite a few similar mass sightings in other areas of the world recently .
But considering the history of this particular cursed place , we have to wonder what 's going on and what will happen next .
The following text is a translation of the Hebrew article in Ynet describing the event .
In an addition to the reported details , there were other very interesting witness accounts from readers who commented on the article .
Many of them immediately dismissed any ' un- ordinary ' explanation and pointed out that they are probably just flares .
But there were also those who remarked that the lights did n't behave like a regular military flares .
Standard issue flares usually do n't remain stationary in the air for such a long time .
Here is a picture of flares used by the Israeli military , for comparison :
There were also testimonies from people who saw the lights for more than an hour while driving on the highway in Jerusalem area .
So what was it ?
You are welcome to speculate .
But we are willing to take a guess and say that what ever those lights were , they clearly were n't early Christmas lights .
Unless the present is a deadly booby - trap .
Background
The first is a scrollable timeline .
A couple of readers requested a demo of how Plurk ’s browse timeline works .
In addition , in the last month , Google released a 10 year timeline – so I wanted to show how this works .
The second was a request from Trevor Morris who ’s involved with / runs Geek in the Park .
He asked whether the techniques I used in a jQuery marquee plugin I wrote recently could be used to smooth out CPU spikes that were occurring on his site when the header pattern flowed ( see example below )
Watch
Part 1 : Scrollable Timeline
Watch the scrollable timeline screencast ( alternative flash version )
QuickTime version is approximately 60 Mb , flash version is streaming .
View the demo and source code used in the scrollable timeline screencast
Part 2 : Trovster ’s Header Effect
Watch the Trovster ’s header effect screencast ( alternative flash version )
QuickTime version is approximately 45 Mb , flash version is streaming .
View the demo and source code used in the Trovster ’s header effect screencast
Scrollable Timeline
For the scrollable timeline I wanted to support both the Plurk version where the user could use their mouse wheel to scroll and the Google version where they could click and drag .
I ’ve taken a large chunk of Google ’s history to demonstrate the effect .
We set up the page by creating a wrapping div that has overflow : auto ; ( which we ’ll change to overflow : hidden ; using jQuery later on ) .
The inner element , the ul in this particular case , is styled to have a width that can accommodate all the nested li s side by side without wrapping on to a ‘ new line ’ ( this is done by floating the li s left and giving them a defined width ) .
Understanding the Problem
The task is such :
Capture the mouse down event and track the current scroll position and the X co-ordinate of the click .
When the mouse moves , and it ’s down , scroll the element by the distance moved from the original mouse down .
When the mouse moves out of the window , trigger a fake mouse up ( or cancel the captured down event ) .
CSS
I wo n’t cover all the CSS used , only the key style :
#timeline { height : 375 px ; /* fixed */ overflow : auto ; /* changed to hidden via JavaScript */ } .tl- events { /* the UL */ width : 11800 px ; /* the width required to hold all the info */ } .tl - events li { float : left ; /* allows the lis to stack against eachother */ width : 300 px ; }
jQuery
This is the full code listing used in the demo .
We attach 3 built in mouse events : mousedown , mouseup and mousemove .
Then we add the jQuery mousewheel plugin before changing the overflow CSS :
// when the DOM is ready ... $ ( document ) .
ready ( function () { $ ( ' # timeline ' ) .
mousedown( function ( event ) { // attach 3 pieces of data to the #timeline element $ ( this ) .data ( ' down ' , true ) // a flag indicating the mouse is down .data ( 'x ' , event.clientX ) // the current mouse down X coord .data( ' scrollLeft ' , this.scrollLeft ) ; // the current scroll position // return false to avoid selecting text and dragging links within the scroll window return false ; }).mouseup ( function ( event ) { // on mouse up , cancel the ' down ' flag $ ( this ) . data ( ' down ' , false ) ; }).mousemove(function ( event ) { // if the mouse is down - start the drag effect if ( $ ( this ) . data ( ' down ' ) == true ) { // this .scrollLeft is the scrollbar caused by the overflowing content // the new position is : original scroll position + original mouse down X - new X // I 'd like to see if anyone can give an example of how to speed up the scroll .
this.scrollLeft = $ ( this ) .data( ' scrollLeft ' ) + $ ( this ) .data ( 'x ' ) - event.clientX ; } }).mousewheel ( function ( event , delta ) { // now attaching the mouse wheel plugin and scroll by the ' delta ' which is the // movement of the wheel - so we multiple by an arbitrary number .
this.scrollLeft -= ( delta * 30 ) ; }).css ( { ' overflow ' : ' hidden ' , // change to hidden for JS users ' cursor ' : ' - moz - grab ' // add the grab cursor } ) ; } ) ; // finally , we want to handle the mouse going out of the browser window and // it not triggering the mouse up event ( because the mouse is still down ) // but it messes up the tracking of the mouse down $ ( window ) .
mouseout ( function ( event ) { if ( $ ( ' # timeline ' ) . data ( ' down ' ) ) { try { // * try * to get the element the mouse left the window by and if // we really did leave the window , then cancel the down flag if ( event.originalTarget.nodeName == ' BODY ' || event.originalTarget.nodeName == ' HTML ') { $ ( ' # timeline ' ) . data ( ' down ' , false ) ; } } catch ( e ) {} } } ) ;
Trovster ’s Header Effect
Using the this .
scrollLeft DOM attribute again , we can create a completely different effect .
This effect and design was created by Trevor Morris , but the first version he had took up a lot of CPU by changing the CSS left position on the ‘ rainbow ’ image .
The version I cover in the screencast uses overflows and absolute positioning to keep the CPU usage and the effect ( still ) smooth in addition to working to make it appear the same if JavaScript is turned off .
Markup
The extra empty div is the wide element and the div#rainbow is the element with the overflow that will scroll .
< div id =" headerEffect " > < div id =" rainbow " >< div></div></div > < div id =" swirl " ></div > </div >
CSS
In addition to the following CSS , I also hand coded the PNG transparency for IE6 to work when JavaScript is disabled .
#headerEffect { position : absolute ; width : 100 % ; height : 400 px ; overflow : hidden ; top : 0 ; /* make sure IE stretches it properly */ left : 0 ; } #rainbow { height : 400 px ; width : 100 % ; overflow : hidden ; } #rainbow div { height : 400 px ; width : 3312 px ; /* nice big width that ensures it repeats */ background : url(/css/img/header.colour.3.png ) repeat-x scroll - 20 % 0 ; } #swirl { background : url(/css/img/header.swirl.png ) no -repeat scroll 50 % 0 ; height : 400 px ; width : 100 % ; position : absolute ; /* places the swirl * over * the rainbow */ top : 0 ; left : 0 ; }
In addition I ’ve included IE6 specific styles :
<!--[ if lte IE 6 ] > < style type =" text / css " media= " screen " >
/*
I 've put the alpha transparency in the CSS so as to support non JS enabled visits */ # swirl { background - image : none ; filter : progid: DXImageTransform.Microsoft.AlphaImageLoader(src='http://www.trovster.com/css/img/header.swirl.png', sizing Method= ' scale ' ) ; } </style > <![ endif ] -->
JavaScript
Note that I ’ve called this section JavaScript rather than jQuery , since we ’re dealing with the scrollLeft property on the div#rainbow element we only ever need jQuery for the ready event :
$ ( document ) . ready ( function ( ) { // capture the rainbow element var rainbow = document.getElementById(' rainbow ' ) , lastPos , // stores the last scrollLeft position width = 1656 ; // the repeating point on the background // we always reset when the page reloads so that the background is always the same rainbow.scrollLeft = width ; // use an interval to scroll the rainbow setInterval ( function () { // subtract to make the background scroll from left to right rainbow.scrollLeft -= 5 ; // if we 've hit the beginning then the lastPos will be the same as the scrollLeft if ( lastPos == rainbow.scrollLeft ) { // reset rainbow.scrollLeft = width ; } lastPos = rainbow.scrollLeft ; } , 100 ) ; // the combination of milliseconds } ) ;
Taking it Further
I would love to see what else you can do : the Coda Slider is another example of the overflow and scrollLeft being used in the same way to create a completely different effect .
What other ways can the overflow / scrollLeft combo be used ?
You should follow me on Twitter here I tweet about jQuery amongst the usual tweet - splurges !
Generally accepted internet rule that states that pornography or sexually related material exists for any conceivable subject .
Additionally it is accepted that the rule itself has limitations and you cannot be too specific on the content of the item in question .
Most commonly used on various message boards for various reasons , from humor to cruelty
Guidelines Released Amid Protest from Congress , Privacy Groups and American Public
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 202 ) 675-2312 or media@dcaclu.org
( 212 ) 519-7829 or 549-2666 or media@aclu.org
Washington , DC – New FBI guidelines governing investigations were released today after being signed by Attorney General Michael Mukasey .
The American Civil Liberties Union quickly blasted the Department of Justice and FBI for ignoring calls for more stringent protections of Americans ’ rights .
The guidelines replace existing bureau guidelines for five types of investigations : general criminal , national security , foreign intelligence , civil disorders and demonstrations .
The ACLU has been vocal in its disapproval of the overly broad guidelines , citing both the FBI ’s and DOJ ’s documented records of internal abuse .
The new guidelines reduce standards for beginning “ assessments ” ( precursors to investigations ) , conducting surveillance and gathering evidence , meaning the threshold to beginning investigations across the board will be lowered .
More troubling still , the guidelines allow a person ’s race or ethnic background to be used as a factor in opening an investigation , a move the ACLU believes may institute racial profiling as a matter of policy .
“ The attorney general today gave the FBI a blank check to open investigations of innocent Americans based on no meaningful suspicion of wrongdoing , ” said Anthony D. Romero , Executive Director of the ACLU .
“ The new guidelines provide no safeguards against the FBI ’s improperly using race and religion as grounds for suspicion .
They also fail to sufficiently prevent the government from infiltrating groups whose viewpoints it does n’t like .
The FBI has shown time and time again that is incapable of policing itself and there is good reason to believe that these guidelines will lead to more abuse . ”
The FBI originally adopted internal guidelines in the mid-1970s after investigations showed widespread abuses and violations of constitutional rights by the agency , including the politically - motivated spying on figures like Martin Luther King , Jr. Ironically , these newly revised guidelines could open the bureau up to exactly that kind of abuse once more .
Though the DOJ and FBI Director Robert Mueller have consistently claimed that the new guidelines would not give agents new authority , the previous guidelines governed very different types of investigations , and tearing down the walls between them will invariably mean that new powers will be applied where they were not before .
Last month , the ACLU formally requested the DOJ ’s Office of the Inspector General investigate current abuses of the attorney general guidelines .
The investigation should particularly examine the manner in which the FBI uses race , religion , national origin or First Amendment protected activities in determining whether to initiate , expand or continue an investigation .
“ Attorney General Mukasey has decided to implement these disastrous guidelines against the protests of members of Congress , privacy groups and the American public , ” said Caroline Fredrickson , Director of the ACLU Washington Legislative Office .
“ It is naïve to think these guidelines will not result in abuse .
Though the DOJ and FBI claim they are doing what they must to meet the law enforcement needs of the future , they are only doomed to repeat the abuses of the past .
Since , under these guidelines , a generalized ‘ threat ’ is enough to begin an investigation , the FBI will be given carte blanche to begin surveillance without factual evidence .
The standard of suspicion is so low and the predicate for investigations so flimsy that it ’s inevitable we will all become suspects . ”
I code .
I used to be super - hardcore in Silicon Valley .
I moved to London , sold out and worked for financial services companies .
Now back to the startup life .
Here 's where I rant at nobody in particular .
Below is a new essay by August Berkshire , president of Minnesota Atheists .
It ’s called “ The Four Cs of Atheism . ”
( August is also the author of “ 34 Unconvincing Arguments for God . ” )
Like many of you reading this , I describe myself as a flaming liberal .
Yet in one area I am a conservative .
I am an atheist .
Yes , atheism is a conservative position .
We make no leaps of faith .
We accept statements only so far as there is reason and / or evidence to back them up .
Anything else is speculation .
Atheism is also consistent .
We apply our skepticism equally to all supernatural claims .
We do not say , “ All prophets , saviors , or gods are false – except ours . ”
We make no exceptions or special pleadings , which makes us consistent .
Another benefit of atheism is that it is contradiction - free .
We do n’t have to try to reconcile an all - loving , all - seeing , all - powerful god with the existence of evil .
We do n’t have to define love exactly the opposite of the way we normally define it in order to make it applicable to our god .
We do n’t have to claim a poor supernatural designer is intelligent .
An atheist also possesses clarity in his or her thinking processes .
An atheist has the courage to follow the trail of reason and evidence wherever it may lead .
If there should some day be a compelling reason or piece of evidence for a god , then we would acknowledge it and change our views .
This is also known as intellectual honesty .
One of the arguments of Pascal ’s Wager is that a person loses nothing by believing in a god .
I beg to differ .
Accepting Pascal ’s
Wager means saying that we are willing to abandon reason and evidence as our standards of living , and instead make a leap of faith to… where ?
It ’s true that by converting ( or deconverting ) from theism to atheism a person can lose his or her cosmic specialness and meaning in life and any hope of an afterlife .
But you ca n’t lose what you never really had .
The reality of atheism far outweighs the dream of religion .
There is an excitement and beauty to perceiving the world as it really is , and not as a wishful thought .
Retail giant Wal - Mart will sell the T - Mobile G1 for $ 150 – $ 30 less than you will pay in a T - Mobile store .
You 'll still need to sign up for a two year contract , but thirty bucks is thirty bucks , right ?
Predictably , the whining has already started .
Just as when Apple reduced the price of the iPhone scant months after launch , early adopters are complaining about the price drop .
Unlike Apple – which eventually caved to pressure by offering $ 100 in vouchers for the whinging buyers – we'd guess it 's unlikely that T - Mobile will offer any rebates – after all , thirty bucks is just thirty bucks , right ?
Hardly the $ 200 drop that the iPhone enjoyed .
Over at Channel Web , writer Andrew R Hickey is incensed .
Incensed !
He even offers " 5 Reasons Against Wal - Mart Selling The T - Mobile G1 " .
The first reason ?
Price .
Yup , the lower price is bad because of " price " .
It actually gets worse , although reason number five raises a chuckle : " It 's Wal - Mart . "
Seriously , people .
Prices drop , and the early adopter knows that better than anyone .
What is Wal - Mart supposed to do ?
Stifle sales by keeping its price artificially high , just to avoid the complaints of a few nerds ?
And if you are really that price - sensitive , you should n't be dropping money on a brand new cellphone with an untested OS anyway .
Stick to the RAZR - its free .
Wal - Mart to sell G1 for $ 30 less than T - Mobile USA [ Reuters ]
5 Reasons Against Wal - Mart Selling The T - Mobile G1 [ Channel Web ]
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) - Former Goldman Sachs CEO
Henry Paulson filed to sell about $ 500 million worth of Goldman Sachs stock late Thursday shortly after the U.S. Senate voted to confirm his appointment as U.S. Treasury Secretary .
Paulson filed to sell 3.23 million shares in a shelf offering of Goldman Sachs GS , - 1.14 % stock according to a prospectus filed with regulators .
Based on the bank 's closing price of $ 152.50 on Thursday , the stock is worth about $ 492 million .
The banking chieftain is unloading the shares to adhere to conflict - of - interest rules .
In addition to the 3.2 million shares , Paulson also owns restricted stock units representing 494,054 shares of common stock , all of which are vested and deliverable .
Based on Goldman Sachs ' closing price of $ 152.50 on Thursday , the restricted units are worth about $ 75 million .
He also owns options to purchase 680,474 shares of common stock , all of which are exercisable .
Paulson 's common stock , together with the shares of common stock underlying the restricted stock units and options represent approximately 1.02 % of the outstanding shares of common stock of Goldman Sachs .
Paulson became chairman and chief executive officer of Goldman Sachs in May 1999 , $ 35 million in salary including cash and stock options in 2005 .
Interestingly , under U.S. government ethics rules , while Paulson is required to sell the shares , he is also exempt from paying taxes on any capital gains on the sale if he obtains a certificate of divestiture .
The rule granting the exemption is designed to make sure prospective government employees who own a lot of stock are not dissuaded from joining the government .
Earlier this week , the Economist magazine estimated the rule eliminate a tax liability of up to about $ 200 million for Paulson .
As a result , Paulson , and others in the same position , are able to sell shares have the funds reinvested in more diverse holding , and will only be subject to taxes on the capital gain when and if they are later realized .
Tapped by President Bush in May to succeed Treasury Secretary John Snow , the 60 - year - old Paulson joins a long line of Goldman executives who have left the firm in recent years for public service .
Read profile of Paulson
Paulson , who joined Goldman in 1974 , is following the path of former Goldman CEO Robert Rubin , who was Treasury Secretary under President Bill Clinton .
Other recent Goldman Sachs executives now in high - profile jobs include New Jersey Gov. Jon Corzine and John Thain , a former Goldman Sachs operations chief who now heads up the New York Stock Exchange .
Current White House Chief of Staff Josh Bolton was working at Goldman before being tapped as policy director for President Bush 's 2000 campaign .
Shares of Goldman Sachs fell $ 1.09 to $ 151.11 on Friday .
The only creature who could ever make Data truly feel something was his twin brother , the evil , Borg - diddling Lore .
Science fiction is full of nemeses , heroes and villains whose most fearsome foes live right in their immediate families .
We delved into the deep psychology of science fiction ’s most bitter sibling rivalries and now we know who is ( or should be ) mom and dad ’s favorite .
Data vs. Lore :
When Data discovers the disassembled body of big brother Lore on Omicron Theta , it seems that our navel - gazing android friend is no longer alone in the universe .
But Lore turns out to be a bit of jerk , mocking Data ’s lack of emotions , experimenting on former Borg drones , and trying to feed the Enterprise ’s crew to the crystalline entity .
Advantage : Data
Lore might be more fun at parties , but his lack of ethics earns him few friends and an incapacitating phaser beam to the chest .
Thaddeus “ Rusty ” Venture vs. Jonas Venture , Jr. : Despite being twins and fellow super - scientists , the elder Venture brothers have very little in common .
Rusty is a lanky , bald neurotic who has as much trouble with his super - science business as he does with the ladies .
Self - confident and short - statured J.J. has a full head of hair , a steady relationship with Sally Impossible , and a constant stream of government contract work .
Consequently , Rusty rues the day the doctors removed his parasitic twin from his body .
Although , if fan speculation about one character is correct , Rusty may find that J.J. is n’t his most obnoxious brother .
Advantage : J.J. Jonas Jr. is so far ahead of the game that he is n’t even aware they have a rivalry .
Advertisement
Bender vs. Flexo : Despite the mirror universe goatee , Flexo is n’t a bad guy .
Fortunately , Bender ’s got enough evil for the both of them .
He uses his resemblance to Flexo to frame Flexo for various crimes and starts dating Flexo ’s ex , Anglelyne .
But he ca n’t get over the nagging feeling that she may still be in love with Flexo .
Advantage : Bender Bender ’s actions land Flexo in prison and get him smashed beneath an unbendable girder .
Sure , Bender ’s insecurities get Flexo the girl , but , let ’s face it , Bender would have dumped her for the next busty fembot who glanced his way .
Ender and Valentine Wiggin vs. Peter Wiggin : Peter Wiggin always resented his younger siblings , Ender for his messianic status and both Ender and Valentine for their exclusively close relationship .
Peter terrorizes Ender until the latter leaves for Battle School and manipulates Valentine into aiding him in his political ambitions .
Advantage : Draw Although Ender and Valentine do sail into the hyperspace sunset together , Peter gets his wish to become leader of the free world .
He and Ender even get lovey - dovey towards the end of Peter ’s life , with Peter apologizing for all he did and Ender penning Peter ’s novel - length eulogy .
Advertisement
Professor Xavier vs. Juggernaut : With a name like Cain Marko , Charles Xavier ’s stepbrother was destined for brother on brother violence .
Enduring years of abuse and his father ’s apparent favoritism of Charles , Cain turned his anger on the one person he could : Charles .
And years later , when the temple of Cyttorak comes crashing down on their heads , Charles escapes , unwittingly leaving Cain to spend years digging himself out .
It ’s no wonder there ’s bad blood between the pair .
Advantage : Professor X Despite repeated efforts , the Juggernaut was never able to exact revenge on Xavier , always thwarted by the X - Men .
And Charles later proved to be the bigger man ( although not literally ) , welcoming Cain into his home and onto his team .
At least the Juggernaut came away with a better catchphrase .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Jaina Solo vs. Jacen Solo : Force - sensitive wonder twins Jaina and Jacen are happily close playmates during their childhood , despite their diverging interests .
But when Jacen turns to the Dark Side and kills Jaina ’s mentor , it puts a damper on their relationship .
Advantage : Jacen Sure , Jacen becomes the evil Darth Caedus , and Jaina bests him in personal combat .
But he also possesses a more thorough understanding of the Force than his sister and ultimately sacrifices his soul to prevent the galaxy from dissolving into chaos .
Paul Atreides vs. Alia Atreides :
At the end of Dune Messiah , Paul Atreides goes into exile , leaving his sister Alia as regent of the Fremen people .
But when Paul returns , he finds that Alia , now possessed by the memory of their ruthless grandfather Baron Vladimir Harkonnen , has helped corrupt his religious teachings , and begins preaching against her .
Advantage : Paul Alia / Vladimir has the upper hand momentarily when her priests stab Paul to death .
But the return of Paul ’s children prompts Alia to regain control of her body and end her life , ensuring Paul ’s legacy among the Fremen .
Advertisement
Austin Powers vs. Dr. Evil : Austin Powers devotes his life to battling the nefarious ( though incompetent ) Dr. Evil , even sacrificing his time in the swinging 1960s so he can enter cryofreeze and live to fight Evil another day .
Despite a strong family resemblance , it takes Powers three movies to find out that Dr. Evil is , in fact , his twin brother .
Advertisement
Advantage : Dr. Evil After being repeated thwarted by Powers , Dr. Evil reconciles with his family and gets to save the day .
Plus , thanks to all those companies that were bankrolling his evil schemes , he ’s rich .
And if he ever feels the need to stick it to Powers again , he can always tap his son Scott , who has taken up evil mantle .
Barry Allen vs. Malcom Thawne : Malcolm
Thawne always thought he was the son of a pair of con artists .
But , after seeing his identical twin Barry “ The Flash ” Allen on the street , he learns the truth .
Furious with Allen for living the life that was rightfully his , Thawne becomes Cobalt Blue and vows to take his revenge on his Allen and his descendents .
Advantage : Barry Allen
After all the time he spent obsessing over Allen , Thawne faces him only twice in a thousand years .
He did manage to kill Allen the second time , but a time - traveling Wally West manages to undo the act .
Advertisement
KITT vs. KARR : Knight Rider ’s prototypical vehicle , the flawed KARR was placed in storage after the creation of KITT .
After it ’s reactivated , it hopes to stay that way , but KITT and Michael chase it down and cause it drive into the ocean .
After that , it ’s out for blood .
Advantage : KITT KARR faced off against KITT twice and twice lost , with the second encounter resulting in KARR ’s destruction .
But last we saw his CPU , the LED was still flickering , leaving room for future revenge .
Advertisement
Martin Swinton vs. David : AI finds young Martin Swinton in suspended animation due to an incurable disease .
Mecha David proves a godsend for Martin ’s grieving mother , but once Martin is cured and returns home , he is unhappy to find that the robot has taken his place .
Martin ’s behavior turns eerily psychopathic and he causes David to nearly drown .
Advantage : Martin Since Martin is bent on killing David and there are laws against abandoning one ’s fleshy children , the Swinton parents send the naïve and utterly devoted David off into the world .
He outlives them all , but all he wanted was to go home to mom .
Advertisement
Niki Sanders vs. Jessica Sanders : Peter and Sylar have their own issues to work out , granted , but Niki and Jessica have to deal with the fundamental challenge of who controls their body .
Do we lie to DL ?
Do we murder those FBI agents ?
Do we have sex with that congressional candidate ?
Advantage : Niki
In the first season , it ’s Jessica who calls the shots .
By the second season , Niki has employed Mohinder Suresh to suppress Jesssica and her extraordinary abilities , but at the price of her health .
Vincent Freeman vs. Anton Freeman :
In the DNA - obsessed world of Gattaca naturally conceived Vincent passes himself off as a member of the genetic elite while his genetically engineered brother Anton attempts to solve a murder in Vincent ’s office .
The pair ’s rivalry serves as a metaphor for the film ’s commentary on nurture versus nature .
Advantage : Vincent Anton solves his case , Vincent is never found out , and the two settle the question of superiority with a swimming match .
Vincent bests his brother , proving that perseverance can triumph over genetics .
Tima vs. Rock :
In the anime Metropolis , Duke Red adopts the orphan rock after the death of his daughter Tima .
But when a robot version of Tima is created , Duke Red ignores Rock in favor of the double , even promising her the throne .
Rock decides the only way to earn back his father ’s love is to destroy the robot Tima .
Advantage : Neither Rock fails to kill Tima or regain his father ’s attentions , and Tima comes to learn that she was create to become a weapon .
And the actions of Duke Red has tragic results for both siblings .
Advertisement
Godzilla vs. SpaceGodzilla : Godzilla ’s clone from space , SpaceGodzilla lands on Earth and imprisons Little Godzilla in a crystalline prison , and proceeds , as giant monsters do , to destroy a nearby city , defeating the robot MOGUERA and creating a fortress made of giant crystals .
Advantage : Godzilla Godzilla finishes SpaceGodzilla off with his Red Spiral Atomic Breath , frees Little Godzilla , and heads on home .
" The most heeded futurists these days are not individuals , but prediction markets , where the informed guesswork of many is consolidated into hard probabilities ...
The Economist : The Future of Futurology
Sure John McCain knows how to debate .
But , the public does n’t know the real John McCain .
Majority Leader Harry Reid does know John McCain and he thinks John McCain “ is erractic . ”
Via PoliticsTV :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzaEurUZndk]
There is a real consensus developing that John McCain is erratic .
It ’s no longer just whispered among those who know McCain .
It ’s becoming very public .
And , as I wrote this morning , while “ erratic ” is the best word to describe John McCain , “ erratic ” is one of the worst words to describe a potential president .
Brandon Keim , Wired : Republican vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin wants creationism taught in science classes .
In a 2006 gubernatorial debate , the soon - to - be governor of Alaska said of evolution and creation education , " Teach both .
You know , do n't be afraid of education .
Healthy debate is so important , and it 's so valuable in our schools .
I am a proponent of teaching both .
" Asked by the Anchorage Daily News whether she believed in evolution , Palin declined to answer , but said that " I do n't think there should be a prohibition against debate if it comes up in class . "
" I 'm not going to pretend I know how all this came to be , " she said .
Republican vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin wants creationism taught in science classes .
In a 2006 gubernatorial debate , the soon - to - be governor of Alaska said of evolution and creation education , " Teach both .
You know , do n't be afraid of education .
Healthy debate is so important , and it 's so valuable in our schools .
I am a proponent of teaching both . "
( Read about Palin 's views on ANWAR and polar bears on our sister blog , Threat Level . )
Asked by the Anchorage Daily News whether she believed in evolution , Palin declined to answer , but said that " I do n't think there should be a prohibition against debate if it comes up in class . "
" I 'm not going to pretend I know how all this came to be , " she said .
The battle between evolution and creationism -- specifically , Christian creationism -- in U.S. classrooms dates back to the 1925 Scopes trial , when a Tennessee court banned the teaching of evolution .
Since then , state and federal courts have repeatedly rejected so - called creation science in public schools , calling it religion rather than science .
The latest courtroom defeat came in the 2005 Kitzmiller v. Dover case , when the superficially religion - neutral theory of intelligent design was classified as religious creationism .
The Supreme Court ruled in 1987 that teaching creationism violated the separation of church and state .
Nevertheless , pro-creationism education initiatives driven by Christian conservatives have flourished , and defenders of evolution -- and , more broadly , scientific integrity -- worry that Palin 's pick will give momentum to this church - over - state push .
" It 's unfortunate McCain would pick someone who shares those particular anti-science views , but it's not a surprise , " said Barbara Forrest , a Southeastern Lousiana University philosophy professor and prominent critic of creationist science .
" She 's a choice that pleases the religious right .
And the religious right has been the chief force against teaching evolution . "
In February , Florida 's Board of Education narrowly defeated a bill calling for evolution to be balanced by " alternatives . "
The language is widely regarded as a euphemism for creationism engineered by the pro-intelligent design Discovery Institute , whose " wedge strategy " calls for the gradual dilution of classroom evolution and its eventual replacement by " a science consonant with Christian and theistic convictions . "
Armed with courtroom - friendly language , Texas is currently considering creationism - friendly revisions to its own curriculum .
In June , Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal passed the Louisiana Science Education Act , encouraging schools to provide alternative critiques of global warming , human cloning and evolution .
Similar initiatives were defeated in South Carolina , Florida , Alabama , Missouri and Michigan .
Palin 's statements track with the official Alaska Republican Party platform , which support creation science and intelligent design by name , and says that " evidence disputing the theory should also be presented . "
According to Fordham Institute science education expert Lawrence Lerner , Palin 's nomination is less worrisome in terms of education than the broad relationship of science and government .
" In the direct sense , vice presidents do n't have much to do with what goes on in classrooms .
But a person who 's a creationist does n't understand science and technology at all , " said Lerner .
" It does n't bode well for science , and does n't bode well for interaction between science and government . "
President Bush has been publicly skeptical of evolution , while Democratic Presidential candidate Barack Obama has professed support .
" I think it 's a mistake to try to cloud the teachings of science with theories that frankly do n't hold up to scientific inquiry , " he said in April .
John McCain 's campaign did not respond in time for publication .
When asked about Palin potentially being a step removed from the White House , Forrest responded , " We 'd have a creationist as President .
But that 's not new -- we 've already got one . "
In the latest sign of growing interest in flywheels , Active Power , Inc. ( ACPW ) this week reported its largest single order to date .
The company said that " one of the world ’s largest Internet search engine providers " had bought 12 of Active Power 's 1200 kVA CleanSource UPS ( uninterruptible power supply ) systems using 48 flywheels .
The systems are scheduled to be delivered in the fourth quarter 2008 .
“ This particular customer ’s order further substantiates the market acceptance of high performance and high efficiency flywheel UPS solutions for large mission critical data center applications , ” said Jim Clishem , president and CEO of Active Power .
“ We continue to see rapid adoption of our flywheel technology particularly among major data center owners and operators who recognize the value proposition and performance benefits inherent with systems of this design . ”
A flywheel is a spinning cylinder which generates power from kinetic energy , and continues to spin when grid power is interrupted .
In most data centers , the UPS system draws power from a bank of large batteries to provide " ride - through " electricity to keep servers online until the diesel generator can start up and begin powering the facility .
Advocates of flywheel technology say they are preferable to batteries , and can address most data center power interruption scenarios .
Flywheel - based UPS systems also take up considerably less space than battery banks , and may be gaining traction due to interest in " green " data center designs .
Infowars
October 10 , 2008
In this video , former U.S. soldiers explain how they were told to carry “ drop guns ” to cover up the murder of Iraqi citizens .
According to the soldiers , this is an informal military policy .
Is it possible this policy will be used in America now that martial law appears imminent ?
As Wayne Madsen writes , sources inside FEMA indicate “ that the Bush administration is putting the final touches on a plan that would see martial law declared in the United States with various scenarios anticipated as triggers .
The triggers include a continuing economic collapse with massive social unrest , bank closures resulting in violence against financial institutions , and another fraudulent presidential election that would result in rioting in major cities and campuses around the country . ”
( See FEMA sources confirm coming martial law . )
If we use history as an indicator , the imposition of martial law will result in not only the mass round - up of the opposition , but death squads against its leadership as well .
“ Drop guns ” fit right into this scenario .
The Rise of the Fourth Reich
For the first time Jim Marrs has gathered compelling evidence that an effort has been underway for the past sixty years to bring a form of National Socialism to modern America , creating in essence a modern empire — or " Fourth Reich " !
Get this blockbuster at Alex Jones ’ Infowars Store today !
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
ABC News reports that , " despite pledges by President George W. Bush and American intelligence officials to the contrary , " the NSA listens in on ordinary phone calls of US citizens overseas , and military intercept operators who work at the National Security Agency ( NSA ) enjoy sharing and saving recordings of US officers ' pillow - talk and phone sex calls with their spouses back home .
[ Intercept operator , former Navy Arab linguist , David Murfee Faulk ] says he and others in his section of the NSA facility at Fort Gordon routinely shared salacious or tantalizing phone calls that had been intercepted , alerting office mates to certain time codes of " cuts " that were available on each operator 's computer .
" Hey , check this out , " Faulk says he would be told , " there 's good phone sex or there 's some pillow talk , pull up this call , it 's really funny , go check it out .
It would be some colonel making pillow talk and we would say , ' Wow , this was crazy ' , " Faulk told ABC News .
Faulk said he joined in to listen , and talk about it during breaks in Back Hall 's " smoke pit , " but ended up feeling badly about his actions .
" I feel that it was something that the people should not have done .
Including me , " he said .
In testimony before Congress , then - NSA director Gen. Michael Hayden , now director of the CIA , said private conversations of Americans are not intercepted .
" It 's not for the heck of it .
We are narrowly focused and drilled on protecting the nation against al Qaeda and those organizations who are affiliated with it , " Gen .
Hayden testified .
The VP Debate : The Strangest I 've Ever Seen
Exactly an hour into the debate , Joe Biden began an answer by saying , " Facts matter , Gwen . "
To him , maybe .
To Sarah Palin , maybe not .
The pattern , so far , has been one of Biden presenting facts and Palin countering with … saying stuff .
Sometimes she throws in a fact , but mostly she seems to be offering a string of approximate policy positions , encomiums to the American spirit , disputed interpretations of Barack Obama 's record and anecdotes from Alaska .
She has a certain charm , but I wonder how viewers are reacting to the way she just declines to answer the question at hand and pivots to more solid ground .
I had forgotten how effective Biden can be in these debates .
So far , he has n't been patronizing or insulting .
In terms of working - class street cred , Palin is in a league – or a universe – of her own .
( Do n't ya think ? )
But Biden holds his own .
I confess , though , I do n't know what anybody is making of this .
I do n't even know what I 'm making of it .
This is the strangest debate I 've ever seen .
It seems like an interplanetary exchange , with poor Gwen Ifill trying to keep the Enterprise from falling into the wormhole .
By Andrew Benson
Hamilton was handed a 25 - second penalty after the race McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton was stripped of a dramatic victory in the Belgian Grand Prix after stewards handed him a 25 - second post - race penalty .
The Englishman was demoted to third place behind Ferrari's Felipe Massa and BMW Sauber 's Nick Heidfeld .
He was accused of gaining an advantage by cutting the Spa circuit 's Bus Stop chicane in a late - race battle with Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen .
McLaren announced that they intend to appeal against the stewards ' decision .
The demotion meant Hamilton 's lead over Massa in the title chase cut to two points .
Massa 's team - mate Raikkonen , who crashed out of second place shortly after losing the lead , is 19 points behind Hamilton .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Raikkonen is a point behind BMW Sauber 's Robert Kubica .
Before the penalty , Hamilton had extended his lead over the Brazilian to eight points , with Raikkonen effectively out of the running on 23 .
On the track , Hamilton had survived a frantic last two laps in a late shower of rain to apparently score a superb win .
Hamilton lost the lead to Raikkonen with an early spin but fought back in the closing laps to re-take the lead with two laps to go .
In a dramatic climax on a soaking track , Hamilton passed Raikkonen , lost the lead again with a spin , re-took it and then saw Raikkonen crash .
I was praying for rain - I wanted it to come because I knew how to deal with it
Lewis Hamilton
In a chaotic final couple of laps , Heidfeld jumped from eighth to third place on the track with what he called a " hero or zero decision " to come in for wet - weather tyres with two laps to go .
Renault 's Fernando Alonso chose the same tactic a lap later and it secured the double world champion the fourth place he had held for much of the race .
" It was an experience and a half , " Hamilton said before his penalty was announced .
" I was praying for rain .
I wanted it to come because I knew how to deal with it .
" The heavens opened and I saw Kimi begin to back off and to brake a bit earlier .
" I was going reasonably wide at Turn 12 but Rosberg spun and went off where I was coming back on .
I went over the grass .
It was incredibly tough .
" Kimi pushed me wide .
I was a little bit ahead .
I was outside on Turn One , I had no room and he basically pushed me so I went on the escape route .
" So I let him past , then got in his tow and he was ducking and diving left and right but I managed to get past him and I was pretty much gone from there . "
Hamilton fought back from this early spin to win in dramatic fashion
It was another superb performance in the wet from Hamilton , who has inherited Michael Schumacher 's mantle as Formula One 's rain master .
But for a long time it had looked as if the Englishman had tossed away his chance of victory on the daunting Spa - Francorchamps circuit .
The race started with the track wet in the immediate vicinity of the pits but dry on the majority of the lap .
Hamilton , along with every other driver in the race other than Renault 's Nelson Piquet Jr , chose dry tyres .
But the conditions caught him out at the start of lap two , and he spun turning into the La Source hairpin .
The mistake put Raikkonen right behind him and the Ferrari driver simply drove past on the straight after the Eau Rouge esses .
It was a critical error from Hamilton , who was fuelled to make his first pit stop a lap earlier than Raikkonen .
606 : DEBATE
I do n't believe it - Raikkonen did n't finish so there was no advantage ultimately
S92
That meant his main hope of holding off the Ferrari driver was to build a lead big enough before his stop on lap 10 that Raikkonen could not close it on his extra lap .
Instead , although Hamilton shadowed Raikkonen to the first stops , he could not pass him .
Hamilton 's hopes were further dented when he came out from his pit stop right behind his slower team - mate Heikki Kovalainen , who was battling for position with Kubica .
By the time he had cleared Kovalainen and Kubica five laps later , Raikkonen was five seconds ahead , a lead he was able to maintain comfortably to the second round of stops .
The two men both made their final stops on lap 25 and on the harder tyre Hamilton was able to close on the Ferrari .
The 23 - year - old shaved about half a second a lap out of Raikkonen 's lead and was within two seconds of the Ferrari by lap 31 .
Raikkonen 's hopes of victory - and probably the title - ended with a crash
He was unable to make much more of an impression until the predicted late shower of rain arrived with about five laps to go .
Within minutes , the back of the circuit was soaking , while it remained dry in the vicinity of the pits - not an unusual situation at a track renowned for its capricious weather .
Hamilton closed right up to Raikkonen on lap 42 but he fatefully cut the Bus Stop chicane after pulling out of a passing move at the end of the lap .
He then chased Raikkonen down the pit straight and passed the Ferrari going into the La Source hairpin at the start of lap 43 .
But that was not the end of the battle .
When the two men reached the wet part of the track halfway around the lap , Hamilton slid off , handing the lead back to Raikkonen , who almost immediately lost it again by sliding off himself .
The Finn then lost control going through the fast Blanchimont corner , and speared into the wall .
But the drama had not finished , and was merely switched to the stewards ' office .
Their decision is likely to be greeted with cynicism as it makes the championship battle dramatically closer at a time when Hamilton was beginning to look like he was inching towards his first title .
Result of Belgian Grand Prix : 1 . Felipe Massa ( Brz ) Ferrari one hour 22 minutes 59.394 seconds
2. Nick Heidfeld ( Ger ) BMW Sauber 9.383 seconds behind
3. Lewis Hamilton * ( GB ) McLaren - Mercedes at 10.539secs
4. Fernando Alonso ( Spa ) Renault 14.478
5. Sebastian Vettel ( Ger ) Toro Rosso - Ferrari 14.576
6. Robert Kubica ( Pol ) BMW Sauber 15.037
7. Sebastien Bourdais ( Fra ) Toro Rosso - Ferrari 16.735
8. Mark Webber ( Aus ) Red Bull - Renault 42.776
9. Timo Glock ** ( Ger ) Toyota 67.045 , 10 .
Heikki Kovalainen ( Fin ) McLaren - Mercedes one lap behind
11 . David Coulthard ( GB ) Red Bull - Renault one lap
12 . Nico Rosberg ( Ger ) Williams one lap
13 . Adrian Sutil ( Ger ) Force India - Ferrari one lap
14 . Kazuki Nakajima ( Jpn ) Williams - Toyota one lap
15 . Jenson Button ( GB ) Honda one lap
16 . Jarno Trulli ( Ita ) Toyota one lap
17 . Giancarlo Fisichella ( Ita ) Force India - Ferrari one lap
18R Kimi Raikkonen ( Fin ) Ferrari two laps
R Rubens Barrichello ( Brz ) Honda 19 laps completed
R Nelson Piquet ( Brz ) Renault 31 laps Key : R = retired Fastest lap : Raikkonen , 1:47.930 , lap 24 * Hamilton penalised 25 seconds for gaining an advantage by cutting a chicane ** Glock penalised 25 seconds for ignoring yellow warning flags
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
A common vaginal infection may make women more susceptible to contracting HIV , the virus that causes AIDS , University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Public Health researchers have found .
An analysis of 23 published studies , including data from more than 30,700 women from around the world , showed that women with bacterial vaginosis – the most common type of vaginosis in women of reproductive age – were more likely than others to be infected with HIV .
The association between bacterial vaginosis ( BV ) and HIV was stronger for women without high - risk sexual behavior .
The results of this meta- analysis have been published in the peer - reviewed journal , AIDS .
" Given that bacterial vaginosis and HIV infection are both transmitted sexually , it is difficult to determine whether associations found are causal , or if there is some other reason why women with BV are more likely that others to become infected with HIV , " said Jennifer S. Smith , epidemiology research assistant professor in the UNC School of Public Health .
" If additional follow - up studies show that there was a relationship between BV and the risk of incident HIV infection , though , then increasing the treatment of BV could be considered for the future prevention of HIV infection . "
Bacterial vaginosis is an imbalance in the type of bacteria normally found in the vagina .
BV has been shown to cause gynecological and obstetrical problems including preterm delivery , pelvic inflammatory disease and upper genital tract infections .
Other research has shown that BV results in several changes in the vagina that could explain why it increases the risk of HIV , such as a depletion in a type of bacteria that are believed to play a role in defending the vagina against microorganisms including HIV , and higher pH levels that may increase the adherence and survival of the virus .
The studies analyzed by Smith and colleagues included women from the U.S. , Malawi , Kenya , South Africa , Thailand , Uganda , Zimbabwe , Tanzania , South Africa , Nigeria , Burkina Faso and Gambia .
Prevalence of BV in women in these countries ranged from about 11 percent to as high as 70 percent .
The analysis of data indicates that BV increases the risk of acquiring HIV by about 60 percent .
The association between BV and HIV infection was weaker in high HIV - risk groups , Smith said .
" That may be because women in high - risk groups have a greater risk of acquiring HIV from causes other than BV .
This could be helpful information in identifying which populations would be helped most through targeted bacterial vaginosis control measures . "
In addition to Smith , researchers from the UNC department of epidemiology who contributed to the study included doctoral student Julius Atashili ; associate professor Charles Poole ; and associate professor Adaora Adimora .
Peter Ndumbe of the Center for the Study and Control of Communicable Diseases , Faculty of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences , University of Yaounde I , Yaounde , Cameroon , was also a co-author .
Intrepid is only a few weeks away now , and while I do n’t really count myself as a rabid Ubuntu user any more , I have my usual sense of drama that ’s building .
Mostly it means I ’m on the prowl again for a sub -300 Mhz laptop that I can beat up in the name of science .
On the other hand this post , from months ago , suggests that maybe the Xubuntu version of Intrepid will be a return to lighter times :
If all goes well , I think we ’ll see Xubuntu lose a few pounds for Intrepid .
Pardon me if I do n’t leap out of my chair at the suggestion ; I like the idea , but I have my doubts .
Somehow I think my idea of “ lighter ” is still a great deal different than what the Xubuntu crowd has in mind .
And from what I ’ve seen of Xubuntu ’s growth and development , “ lighter ” is a useful term only so long as it does n’t interfere with the addition of things like Thunderbird over Sylpheed - Claws , or Firefox over Kazehakase , or Evince over ePDFView .
Of course , I ’m being unnecessarily harsh , and I apologize for that .
It ’s always possible that the Intrepid Xubuntu will turn out to be something usable on very old machines .
I do n’t expect it — I gave up on that around Edgy — but I ’m willing to take a look .
So in about three weeks I expect I ’ll be downloading my first Xubuntu ISO in a year or so .
I do n’t plan to put it at the top of my “ action priority list , ” but it ’ll be done .
And I promise to be fair … but also honest .
Your brain 's visual system can be employed to hear , according to a study of monkeys .
Scientists figure this might be one reason blind people develop keen hearing .
Image
Turning conventional neuroscience on its head , new research suggests the human visual system processes sound and helps us see .
Here 's the basics of what was Neuroscience 101 :
The auditory system records sound , while the visual system focuses , well , on the visuals , and never do they meet .
Instead , a " higher cognitive " producer , like the brain 's superior colliculus , uses these separate inputs to create our cinematic experiences .
The textbook rewrite :
The brain can , if it must , directly use sound to see and light to hear .
The study was published last week in the journal BMC Neuroscience .
Monkey hear , monkey see
Researchers trained monkeys to locate a light flashed on a screen .
When the light was very bright , they easily found it ; when it was dim , it took a long time .
But if a dim light made a brief sound , the monkeys found it in no time — too quickly , in fact , than can be explained by the old theories .
Recordings from 49 neurons responsible for the earliest stages of visual processing , researchers found activation that mirrored the behavior .
That is , when the sound was played , the neurons reacted as if there had been a stronger light , at a speed that can only be explained by a direct connection between the ear and eye brain regions , said researcher Ye Wang of the University of Texas in Houston .
The study presents the first evidence that a sensory cell can process an alternative sensation , said head researcher Pascal Barone of the Université Paul Sabatier in Toulouse , France , who discovered a contender for the anatomical connection in 2002 .
Emergency broadcast
The discovery likely explains the tremendously quick reactions of most animals , including humans , to stimuli that cue multiple senses , such as a rustling tiger or a honking bus .
Especially in the corners of the visual field , where eyesight is poor , the ears take up the slack and stimulate the visual system , Barone said .
An extra benefit , Wang explained , is the early visual system ’s spatial precision , something higher brain regions fudge in favor of prioritizing our central gaze .
By sending sound inputs directly to our image processor , the auditory system can avoid playing telephone with time - sensitive information .
Extra -sensory power
The discovery is likely unrelated to the rare experience of synesthesia , a bizarre condition experienced by a few people who can feel , hear and taste colors .
In synesthesia , for example , more complicated sensations combine at later stages of brain processing , so that just the mention of a color , a letter or a shape can automatically trigger the perception of a certain note .
What most excites Barone about the new findings is the potential for " cortical plasticity " in sensory areas .
For example , the blind , by definition , do not use the visual system to see .
But they can , this research suggests , use it to hear .
This may explain how blind people develop such advanced hearing skills and , similarly , why the deaf often possess superior sight , said Barone .
The primary visual system is also directly activated by touch – perhaps helping us slap that mosquito before it stings .
Brad Friedman Byon
10/9/2008 , 10:18 am PT
U.S. District Judge Donald Molloy spanked the Montana GOP 's Executive Director Jake Eaton for his unsubstantiated ( and since - withdrawn ) challenge to 6,000 voters in Democratic - leaning counties yesterday , solely on the basis that they 'd filed change of address forms within the last 18 months .
" In his zeal to protect what he sees as Montana 's fragile democracy from these transient hordes , " the Judge wrote in his order , in response to state Dems and even the Obama campaign who stepped up to challenge the out - and - out attempt at voter suppression , " Eaton ignored the very law that answers his challenges . "
“ One can imagine the mischief an immature political operative could inject into an election cycle were he to use the statutes , not for their intended purpose of protecting the integrity of the people 's democracy , but rather to execute a tawdry political ploy , " Malloy wrote .
" The timing of these challenges is so transparent that it defies common sense to believe the purpose is anything but political chicanery , " he added before noting that the challenges clearly violate federal law , since they come so close before an election , and focused only on counties where Democratic - leaning voters live .
When we covered the Montana GOP 's waving the white flag of surrender yesterday , in light of actually being challenged ( for a change ) by Democrats , we also noted that we hoped they would not drop their lawsuit , even as the bully - boy Republicans had decided to cut and run ...
The Missoulan reports that the state Dems hope to keep pressing the suit , since so much chaos has already been wrought , just by the scare tactics and headlines the GOP produced with their wholly - bogus challenges :
Art Noonan , executive director of the Montana Democratic Party , told reporters Wednesday he was pressing forward with the lawsuit .
“ I 'm a Butte boy , ” he said .
“ They taught us a long time ago that if you want to stop bullying on the playground , you stand up to the bully . ”
Good for you , Noonan !
Do n't back down !
And hey , Obama campaign , it 's time for you guys to wake up !
UPDATE : Non-partisan watchdog and voter registration organization , Project Vote , has issued the following statement on the Montana situation this morning ...
In Response to Public Outrage , Lawsuit , and Pressure from Voting Rights Groups , GOP Backs Off Its Plans to Challenge Montana Voters FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE : October 9 , 2008 Yesterday the Republican Party of Montana announced that it was abandoning its plans to challenge the voting eligibility of at least 6,000 residents of that state - mostly in democratic strongholds - who had filed change - of - address cards with the U.S. Postal Service .
In a letter sent to election officials in seven counties , state GOP executive director Jacob Eaton withdrew the party 's challenges and said they would be issuing no more .
Several hundred letters requesting that individuals confirm their correct addresses had already gone out from overworked election offices before the GOP withdrew its challenge .
Voting rights groups , including Project Vote , had previously condemned the plan to challenge the voters as an illegal voter caging operation intended to intimidate and suppress thousands of eligible Montana voters .
In a statement released October 3 , Project Vote attorney Teresa James , author of the 2007 report Caging Democracy : A 50 - Year History of Partisan Challenges to Minority Voters , pointed out that Montana law and the National Voter Registration
Act allowed voters who had moved to cast their ballots in their old precincts and change their address at the polls .
" In light of these state and federal protections , " James said , " challenging voters who have filed a change of address with the U.S. Post Office would serve no purpose other than to interfere with the orderly conduct of the election and intimidate voters .
Democracy works best when all eligible citizens participate in the process . "
" My intent was to ensure that voters are properly registered and that Montanans would have the utmost faith in the integrity of our elections process , " Eaton wrote in the letter to election officials .
" Nevertheless , because of the unintended consequences that have been reported , I will not file any other elector challenges . "
Following a story about the challenges that appeared in The Missoulian on October 2 , the " unintended consequences " of the GOP challenge included chaos at election boards , condemnation from voting rights groups , protests within Montana , and a lawsuit filed by the Montana Democratic Party on behalf of two challenged voters .
In the Montana Standard Lieutenant Governor John Bohlinger , a Republican , called the challenge " an utter disgrace , " and said he was " appalled by the leadership of [ his ] political party . "
The developments in Montana came just a few weeks after reports of the Michigan GOP 's plans to challenge the eligibility of voters whose names appeared on foreclosure lists .
Met with similar public outrage and accusations of voter caging , the Michigan GOP recanted those plans as well , according to the Michigan Messenger .
" We are pleased to hear that the Montana GOP has decided to withdraw the challenges , " James said today .
" And we are encouraged that these kinds of partisan caging operations - which have been used in previous years to disenfranchise thousands of eligible voters - are being met this election cycle with the media scrutiny and public outrage they deserve . "
" The plans to challenge thousands of eligible Montana voters were made , like most such suppression efforts , under the guise of protecting against a mythical threat of ' voter fraud , ' " James continued .
" But their quick withdrawal in the face of public scrutiny supports our position that partisan challenges are not motivated by genuine concern over alleged ' voter fraud ' , but by a cynical desire to keep some people from voting at all . "
### About Project Vote
Project Vote is a nonpartisan , nonprofit , 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) organization working to close historic gaps in the electorate by empowering , educating , and mobilizing low - income , minority , youth , and other marginalized and under - represented voters .
Since 1982 Project Vote has developed state - of - the - art voter registration and Get - Out - the - Vote programs , and takes a leadership role in nationwide voting rights and election administration issues , working through research , legal services , and advocacy to ensure that our constituencies are not prevented from registering and voting .
For more info : www.projectvote.org
Raw video :
Now i do n't know how authentic this is folks , you decide .
The kick from the gun seems to knock the kid over ???...... A 2 years old boy has accidentally shot his father with a gun in a wedding party in Syria .
EDINBURGH , Scotland , Sept. 7 ( UPI ) -- Recently opened World War II files show the British government used a Scottish estate to hide spy recruits who did not make the grade .
A book , " British Intelligence , said the Inverlair estate was taken over by the Special Operations Executive during the war , The Scotsman reports .
Its official name was the Number 6 Special Workshop School , but agents nicknamed it " the cooler . "
Advertisement
The estate reportedly inspired " The Prisoner , " a 1960s television show starring Patrick McGoohan as an agent spirited to a mysterious island when he attempts to resign .
The authors of the book , three historians who have combed the files , said those sent to Inverlair were well fed and housed and could leave the estate during the day if they wished .
They were mostly foreign nationals , recruited as spies , deemed after training to be physically or emotionally unsuitable , but knowing too much to be allowed to leave the service .
One man was sent there for being ugly -- he was missing most of his teeth and the remaining ones resembled tusks .
His trainers decided that anyone who saw him would never forget him , making him useless for espionage .
Forget the pollsters .
Look to the bookies .
Ireland ’s largest bookmaker , Paddy Power , on Thursday declared the U.S. presidential race over and paid out bettors banking on a Barack Obama victory .
“ We ’re certain Senator Obama will become President Obama so we ’re paying out over 1,000,000 euro on him to win the election , ” it said .
Before the payout , Sen . John McCain ’s odds of winning the presidency stood at 5 - 1 , while Mr. Obama was a heavy favorite at 1 - 9 .
That means a $ 10 bet on the long - shot Republican could win $ 50 ; a $ 10 wager on the heavily favored Democrat will pocket just $ 1.10 .
Related stories :
• Albright opposes Iraq pullout deadline
• Joe exposes candidates ’ sharp divisions
• INTERACTIVE : Electoral map
“ Look , if this were a two - horse race , one horse would be so far in front that the horse in second place could hardly see him , ” said bookie spokesman Ken Robertson .
The latest European odds on the presidential campaign paint a gloomier picture than American pollsters , and the bookmakers see the chance of a McCain comeback dropping daily .
The odds changed sharply after Sept. 15 , when the U.S. financial crisis hit critical mass .
Just before the Wall Street meltdown , Mr. McCain was at almost even money , 11 - 10 odds ; Mr. Obama at 4 - 6 - favored , although not by much .
But two weeks later , the Democrat was at 2 - 7 , then this last week , the odds changed daily - 1 - 4 , then 1 - 5 , 1 - 6 and 1 - 7 before jumping to 1 - 9 .
Mr. Robertson said he could n’t get much action either way : Mr. McCain ’s odds were too high to draw savvy bettors , while Mr. Obama ’s were so low that it was n’t worth the effort - wagering $ 90 would bring in just $ 10 .
“ We were hardly taking a bet .
McCain was friendless - nobody wanted to back McCain , ” Mr. Robertson said .
Back in the states - where gambling on elections is barred , even in Las Vegas - pollsters and election analysts are starting to move Mr. McCain toward long - shot status .
“ I do n’t see how this one can be turned around , frankly , ” said presidential historian Stephen Hess .
The one - time Nixon speechwriter , like several other analysts and pollsters , said the Republican ’s reaction to the financial crisis may have sealed his fate .
“ I thought he was going to come back and denounce the Bush plan and , at the same time , if he had something to say , to propose something that made a lot more sense than the initial proposal , ” Mr. Hess said .
Many U.S. polls are trending toward Mr. Obama , who has risen in national and state polls as the economic turmoil has returned the nation ’s focus to the policies of the unpopular President Bush .
Mr. McCain has responded this week by calling himself a fighter and separating himself from Mr. Bush .
While a new CBS News / New York Times survey showed a 14 - point lead for Mr. Obama , other tracking polls showed the race tightening .
A Zogby daily tracking telephone poll showed a three - day rolling average of 48.2 percent to 44.4 percent - a margin for the Democrat of 3.8 percent , down from 6.2 percentage points a day earlier .
Pollster John Zogby said the race is not over and Mr. McCain can still come back in the final 19 days .
“ What he needs to do is drive his numbers up to make this more competitive , and when he drives his numbers up nationally , he goes up in the states , too , ” Mr. Zogby said .
The pollster also registered 7.4 percent of voters as “ undecided , ” and , as in many past elections , they could spell the difference .
“ You have enough undecideds here to turn this around and undecideds normally break 2 - 1 , one way or the other , ” Mr. Zogby said .
In Ireland , Mr. Robertson said , PaddyPower is now taking bets on “ what the winning margin will be for Obama . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Things between Paul and Karine have taken quite the nosedive .
The latest study , published on September 12 , examined the genomes of fertile Mormon and Yoruba couples to see how exactly their MHCs differed .
The results were both fascinating and conflicting .
Chaix and her coauthors found that the Mormons were significantly more MHC - dissimilar than randomly chosen pairs of people .
Even more interestingly , although the Mormon mates were genetically very close to each other ( they 're Mormons , after all ) , the genes in their MHCs were often very different .
But ( as usual in this area of study , there 's a " but " ) they could n't find any pattern at all in the MHC - dissimilarity of the Yoruba couples .
This might be because Yoruba society is highly patriarchal and stratified , producing a lot of social pressure for genetically similar men and women to mate .
Or it might be that in Africa , where modern medical care is less widely available , there is much more selection pressure for antibodies that will protect their carriers against a few especially devastating diseases .
More research here is definitely necessary to tease out the precise relationship between histocompatibility and mating choices , and how social and environmental factors might affect this relationship .
But if you 're a European American woman , sniff hard next time you 're at the gym ; the best - smelling guy might just be your immunological soulmate .
Remember when the Electronic Frontier Foundation discovered that the NSA had been wiretapping the entire Internet , illegally , with collaboration from the nation 's phone companies ?
Remember when they sued the phone companies in order to discover the full extent of this illegal , warrantless domestic spying ?
Remember when Congress — including both presidential candidates — voted to give the phone companies immunity from prosecution , even though they had clearly broken the law , on the grounds that the president had asked them to ?
( If the president asked you to shoot someone , would Congress let you off the hook , too ? )
Well now EFF is suing to have the immunity — the unconstitutional immunity — overturned .
Go EFF !
" The immunity law puts the fox in charge of the hen house , letting the Attorney General decide whether or not telecoms like AT&T can be sued for participating in the government 's illegal warrantless surveillance , " said EFF Senior Staff Attorney Kevin Bankston .
" In our constitutional system , it is the judiciary 's role as a co-equal branch of government to determine the scope of the surveillance and rule on whether it is legal , not the executive's .
The Attorney General should not be allowed to unconstitutionally play judge and jury in these cases , which affect the privacy of millions of Americans . "
In the public version of his certification to the court , Attorney General Mukasey asserted that the government had no " content - dragnet " program that searched for keywords in the body of communications .
However , the government did not deny the dragnet acquisition of the content of communications .
In support of its opposition , EFF provided the court with a summary of thousands of pages of documents demonstrating the broad dragnet surveillance of millions of innocent Americans ' communications .
Eight volumes of exhibits accompanied the detailed summary , including eyewitness accounts and testimony under oath .
" We have overwhelming record evidence that the domestic spying program is operating far outside the bounds of the law , " said EFF Senior Staff Attorney Kurt Opsahl .
" Intelligence agencies , telecoms , and the Administration want to sweep this case under the rug , but the Constitution wo n't permit it . "
EFF Challenges Constitutionality of Telecom Immunity in Federal Court , Donate to EFF
Countries with strict social rules and behavioral etiquette may foster unruly drinking cultures and characteristic bad behavior , according to a new report on alcohol and violence released today by International Center for Alcohol Policies ( ICAP ) .
The report also lists 11 cultural features that may predict levels of violence such as homicide and spousal abuse .
And the culprit is , of course , not just alcohol , but men .
We cannot change the male propensity for aggression , but we can channel it into appropriate and socially acceptable forms .
In particular , we need rites of passage for young people that offer challenge and a route to adult status and recognition .
The aim should not be to completely suppress male aggression , but to utilize and channel it constructively .
But alcohol and men together make things worse .
Apparently , lacking big animals to hunt , a night at the bar starts to resemble gay porn .
The male - to - male bond is a hard - wired hangover from our hunting past , the context of our mental and emotional development .
The process of bonding among males , particularly in all - male organizations , is a precursor to aggression .
To “ cut off ” or consummate such aggression requires consummation of the bonding process .
Where there is no prey to capture together and kill , the orgiastic release made possible by alcohol simulates the triumphant conclusion of the male bonding process .
Yikes .
Men , this is why you should only talk to women in bars .
Of course , there are other factors too .
Anne Fox , PhD , anthropologist specializing in drinking culture and director of Galahad SMS Ltd , says violent drinking cultures will have :
• A culture of male domination .
( so , all of them )
• Conspicuous inequality in wealth ;
( so , all of them )
• Violent sports ;
( so , all of them )
• Corporal and capital punishment ;
( apparently , serial killers do not drink )
• Belief in malevolent magic ;
( WHAT ???)
I can go on but there 's no point .
This is clearly an indictment of ... the United Kingdom .
Yes , if ' malevolent magic ' did not give it away , apparently the UK has a violent culture because you can buy beer at the football game .
Now , the UK countries of Scotland , England and Wales hold the top three spots in the western world for violent crime , that is no secret , but gun-rights advocates could just as easily claim violence is higher in the UK because people cannot own Uzis to defend themselves , so at - home break - ins and burglaries are much more common than in a place like the United States where gun ownership is legal .
In fairness to her argument , if you 've ever been to a football match at Cardiff you might well feel that alcohol should not be given to any bald , young men .
A higher than normal preponderance of young men is a factor , she agrees , along with general male domination .
And alcohol .
And rules .
Young males are not so bad .
Here , two Cardiff youths come to the assistance of a friend .
Take that , anthropology !
But , maybe not all male - dominated cultures are the problem , maybe it 's just the western / Christian ones .
It has been noted that adherents to particular religious faiths are more likely to abstain from alcohol or to drink in moderation than nonreligious people .
A seemingly logical explanation for this phenomenon would be that the individuals are heeding the proscriptive doctrines that forbid such indulgence .
For example , the Koran clearly states that “ ... intoxicants and gambling , all are an abomination of Satan ’s handiwork … and hinder you from the remembrance of God , and from prayer ; will you not then abstain ? ” ( Holy Koran 5:90 –91 ) The Bible , however , is more ambiguous , in some parts even encouraging consumption : “ Give intoxicating liquor , you people , to the one about to perish , and wine to those who are bitter of soul .
Let one drink and forget one ’s poverty , and let one remember one ’s trouble no more ” .
So there you go .
Islamic cultures must be less violent than everywhere else , despite the male dominance .
Bring on the Sharia Law !
Not so , says Fox .
Islam 's spread by conquest and the Plains Indians of America , two exceedingly violent cultures in the past , did not drink alcohol at all , she notes .
Likewise , exceedingly violent South Africa culturally drinks very little while large alcohol consumers Italy are lovers , not fighters .
The real problem occurs when a lot of these factors are combined and there is a culture where alcohol is regarded as ' liberating ' - alcohol activates ' reward circuitry ' in the brain so culturally being freer from consequence when drunk as opposed to just male dominance is a big factor .
But alcohol decreases testosterone , she notes , so the relationship between alcohol and male violence is not causal , though the alcohol reduction in serotonin might offset that .
So what is the difference between men being violent drunks or not ?
Studies found that even people ( by people , we mean men - apparently women are as awesome drunk as they are the rest of the time ) who were drunk to the point of passing out did not become violent if the drinker had a cultural incentive to control himself .
You'd think a polite society like the UK would be on the least violent list but drunk ' culture ' is also a subset , so fostering a ' macho ' culture among certain men will override that ( like skinhead football fans ) but those people are violent regardless of the alcohol so we 're back to wondering about causality .
Why mention all that ?
Well , the study was commissioned by the International Center for Alcohol Policies and they clearly have an agenda .
Groups with agendas often spin their press releases to match their goals and this one is a doozy .
If you go by their press release , UK society is at fault for having manners and for allowing alcohol at all - and maybe men .
Fox really says just the opposite - that alcohol is a scapegoat and that instead " bonding , violence , and aggression are part of our heritage and genetic make - up . "
If it 's part of heritage and genetic make - up , how do we explain Denmark ?
Danes were once Vikings and they still drink like fishes but you do n't see them head - butting you and carrying off your treasure very often these days .
Instead , alcohol fuels what she calls ' fundamental human needs ' ( apparently , that would be violence in men again ) so making it more a part of peaceful , communal celebrations is the answer .
Otherwise , watch out for those Danes .
Alcohol And Violence : Exploring Patterns And Responses , Commissioned by the International Center for Alcohol Policies 2008 , Anne Fox , Director , Galahad SMS Ltd .
Judging Palin by an Eighth - Grade Standard
There is only one way to understand the rave reviews that some are giving Sarah Palin ’s speech : People expected her to be a blithering fool and were shocked that she could read a decent speech prepared for her by the McCain campaign .
She is being judged by much too low a standard .
I always thought she would speak reasonably well ; there are plenty of tapes floating around showing she can do that .
She was , after all , elected governor .
But if Palin is judged by the standard that should be applied to someone in line to be president of the United States , she did n't blow many people away -- other than Republican loyalists and the pundits she hates so much .
If , going in , you were inclined to support her , she did just fine .
( That was the reaction among the delegates . )
She also pulled over anyone who wanted to support her going in .
But if you think , as I do , that she needed to bowl people over to show that she really is up to the job , to brush aside the questions , well , she did n’t do that .
If you were worried that she has absolutely no background in foreign policy , she did nothing to relieve those worries .
All the speeches about her ( and her own speech ) carried the subtext that a lot of people out there do n’t think she belongs on the ticket .
She therefore needed to defend herself , and other speakers needed to defend her .
There was way too much self - defense before she got to John McCain .
I just do n’t think that speech changed a lot of minds , and I am surprised that so many pundits gushed over it .
I also suspect that the harshness of parts of her speech turned off moderate independents , especially women who tend not to like attack campaigning .
On that , the polls will tell .
At least a couple of focus group reports that Josh Marshall of Talking Points Memo unearthed suggest that the speech did not overwhelm rank - and - file voters .
( Update : After I wrote this a couple of hours ago , I ran across a SurveyUSA poll that points the other way .
It found that 57 percent of independents gave Palin 's speech a grade of A .
Many more saw her as an asset to McCain after the speech than did before . )
I have no idea if these focus groups are representative of broader opinion , but they do contrast with some of the more extravagant claims made on behalf of her speech .
On a related note , I like Mike Kinsley ’s point :
It ’s odd for candidates to say that their families are off - limits except when they are not .
Note :
This article on America ’s famous serial killers was originally published on September 7 , 2008 and has since been updated to include profiles of additional American serial killers .
In our original look at some of America ’s famous serial killers , we looked at thirteen of the most notorious serial killers in American history .
But those murderers are far from the only serial killers our nation has seen .
Now let ’s add five more names to the list — more American serial killers you might ( or might not ) have heard about .
Dean Corll
Dean Corll , also known as “ The Candy Man , ” did n’t act alone .
He worked with two accomplices — Elmer Wayne Henley and David Brooks .
Corll is thought to have murdered at least 28 boys in the Houston area from 1970 through 1973 .
The boys were beaten and raped while tied to a plywood “ torture board . ”
Victims were killed with a gun or by strangulation .
Dean Corll was n’t prosecuted for his crimes .
He was killed by one of his accomplices ( Henley ) .
While Henley was convicted of six murders , he was n’t charged with killing Corll .
That was ruled to be self - defense .
Amy Archer - Gilligan
Amy Archer - Gilligan ran a convalescent home in Connecticut .
Oddly , her murders inspired the comedy “ Arsenic and Old Lace . ”
She killed residents of her nursing home by poisoning them with arsenic and strychnine shortly after they ’d paid her large sums of money .
It ’s also believed that she killed her wealthy second husband for the inheritance .
According to the New York Daily News , “ it ’s estimated that at least 20 people , and some estimate as many as 100 , including her husbands , died by her hand . ”
She was only tried for one murder — that of Franklin R. Andrews .
She was found guilty and sentenced to death in 1917 and was granted a new trial on appeal .
This time she pleaded insanity .
She was again found guilty and this time sentenced to life imprisonment .
She was moved to a hospital for the insane in 1924 .
She died there in 1962 .
Juan Vallejo Corona
Juan Vallejo Corona is a Mexican American serial killer who preyed upon the workers he supplied to fruit ranches in California .
It is believed that Juan Vallejo Corona killed at least 25 laborers whose bodies were found buried in the orchards they worked at .
No clear motive was ever given for the killings .
Corona was found guilty of the 25 murders in 1973 when he was issued 25 life sentences .
His conviction was overturned in 1978 and he was tried again in 1982 .
He was again convicted of the crimes .
He is still serving time at the Corcoran State Prison in California .
The Boston Strangler
The Boston ’s Strangler ’s true identity still has n’t been confirmed , although Albert DeSalvo confessed to being the notorious northeast killer .
This unknown serial killer murdered at least 13 women in Boston between 1962 and 1964 .
Most of the women were sexually assaulted before being strangled , although one elderly victim died of a heart attack and at least two victims were stabbed .
Victims ’ ages ranged from 19 to 85 .
Albert DeSalvo confessed to the stranglings in 1964 after being caught and charged with other sexual assaults ( where the victims were not murdered ) .
He was sentenced to life in prison , later escaped but turned himself in , and was ultimately stabbed to death while he was incarcerated .
Many people still believe DeSalvo lied about being The Boston Strangler however , due to inconsistencies and inaccuracies in his claims , DNA evidence that would seem to clear him in at least one case , and the belief that the crimes were too different to all be committed by the same person .
The Zodiac Killer
The Zodiac Killer , who has never been identified , attacked couples around San Francisco in the late 1960s .
The Zodiac Killer claimed to have committed 37 murders in total , but only seven have been confirmed so far .
They included three young couples and a young man .
The known victims were either shot or stabbed .
The killer himself came up with the “ Zodiac ” name when he used it in letters to the press .
He sent them four coded messages ( cryptograms ) .
Only one of them has been definitively solved — by a high school teacher .
In that letter , the killer expressed his joy in killing , calling it “ so much fun . ”
And he claimed that the people he murdered would become his slaves in the afterlife .
Read on for our original list of America ’s famous serial killers or leave a comment to tell us about a serial killer we have n’t covered here .
—
Update : Please also check out another list of Notorious Serial Killers
Serial killers — you ’d be hard - pressed to spot them in a crowd .
They look just like everyone else .
In fact , most of them are soft - spoken and polite .
Their monstrous nature comes through only when you delve deeper into their personalities , actions and habits .
Reading the gruesome tales of serial killers sends a chill up the spine .
Most of them seem to have had a dysfunctional family setting and were abused as children — emotionally , sexually or verbally .
It ’s as if this activates some psychological trigger in their minds , increasing the feelings of inadequacy or worthlessness , and causing them to seek out their own heinous form of release .
There have been hundreds of serial killers in the history of America , and there are a few that tend to stay in the minds of citizens , becoming “ famous . ”
Here are just a few of the ( in ) famous serial killers that have walked the streets of our nation , in no particular order .
There may be many others that are notorious or have killed more people , but we picked a few of the more famous killers that truly shocked us .
Ed Gein ( Killings between 1947 and 1957 )
Known as history ’s most inspirational killer , his character became a central element in many films , including Alfred Hitchcock ’s thriller Psycho and the character of Buffalo Bill in The Silence of the Lambs , among others .
Modus Operandi
Gein was a serial killer who skinned his victims , exhumed corpses , and decorated his home with parts of his victims ’ bodies .
Human skin was used to make dust bins , furniture , and even clothes .
Background
Gein was born in 1906 as the younger of two boys .
He had a weak alcoholic father and a domineering mother who was deeply religious .
He was said to be very attached to her .
She taught them about immorality and the evils of women and sex and discouraged their sexual desires .
He turned into an effeminate and shy boy .
His father died as a result of his alcoholism and later his brother Henry , who used to criticize his mother about Gein ’s unhealthy attachment to her , died in a mysterious fire .
The younger boy was later suspected .
Fantasies
With nobody to control him after his mother passed away , Gein became obsessed with sexual fantasies and female anatomy .
Fascinated by the human experiments performed in Nazi camps , he started robbing graves to perform experiments of his own , including exhuming his own mother ’s body .
The experiments became gruesome and cannibalistic .
He had the desire to turn himself into a woman and would create breasts out of human skin and drape them over himself .
He believed that for a sex change , he would need fresh bodies and thus started his killing spree , which was said to be because of his love - hate relationship with his mother .
House of Horrors
When police finally caught up with him , they found a variety of gruesome sights — hanging corpses with their throats and heads missing , bowls made of skulls , pieces of jewelry made of human skin , hanging lips , skin upholstery for chairs , and masks made of facial skin and vulva ( including his mother ’s ) that were painted silver .
The most shocking discovery was perhaps his mother ’s heart , which was found in a pan on the stove .
Killings and Sentence
Police counted 15 women as his victims .
Gein told the police that he never had sex with any of the dead women as “ they smelled too bad . ”
His fascination with women was because of the power they held over men .
Gein was admitted to Waupan State Hospital and died of cancer at the age of 78 .
Ted Bundy ( Killings between 1974 and 1978 )
Ted Bundy proved that even the devil can be attractive .
Bundy was one of the most infamous serial killers in American history .
He was handsome , charming and cultured , all traits playing a role in his ability to rape and murder numerous young women .
He even engaged in necrophilia ( sexual attraction or involvement with corpses ) .
Modus Operandi
Bundy had unique techniques of luring his victims .
He would drink alcohol before approaching potential victims , even in a crowd or in broad daylight , and gain their trust by faking an injury with his arm in a fake cast or a sling .
He would at times act as a policeman or fire department personnel .
After luring victims to his car , he would hit them on their head with a crowbar .
He then raped and assaulted them sexually before strangling and mutilating them .
This good looking maniac used to visit the corpses several times at the Taylor Mountain body dump site , apply makeup to them , and sleep with them till they putrefied .
Background
One of the theories says that he started killing people as early as 14 years old .
Many of his victims are said to have a physical resemblance to his first girlfriend .
Bundy was born Theodore Robert Cowell in 1946 in Burlington , Vermont to an unmarried mother of 22 .
He gets his name from his stepfather .
He was made to believe by his grandparents that he was their son and that his mother was actually his sister .
He was a good student , and like most young people devastated when his first love left him .
Bundy did n’t deal with the grief as most people do though .
He spent years trying to get her back , and when he did he started killing innocent people and then dumped his girlfriend just as she dumped him .
Killings and Sentence
He was executed in 1989 after confessing to 40 murders .
Before his execution , he revealed that his addiction to pornography led him to do what he did .
He said that there are many people out there who were addicted and nothing is being done about them .
One of Bundy ’s famous quotes – “ We serial killers are your sons , we are your husbands , we are everywhere .
And there will be more of your children dead tomorrow . ”
David Berkowitz – Son of Sam ( Killings between 1976 and 1977 )
Better known as the Son of Sam or the .44 killer , David Berkowitz is a New York City serial killer who killed six people and wounded many others .
His crimes became famous because of his letters to the media and the police , in addition to the reason he committed these crimes .
Reason for Killing
Berkowitz gave an odd reason for killing – he claimed that to keep the demons quiet , he started doing what they wanted .
When dogs howled , he started believing that these dogs were demons asking him to kill women .
He was convinced that his house owners , Jack and his wife , were part of the demon conspiracy and Jack was the commander in chief of all the dogs .
Later he shifted into another apartment but was still controlled by the demons in his mind .
His new neighbor , Sam Carr , had a black Labrador which Berkowitz believed was possessed .
He shot the dog .
That did not provide any relief as he began believing that Sam Carr was possessed by the biggest demon , and perhaps Satan himself .
Each night these demons told Berkowitz to kill and quench their thirst for blood .
He also used to write letters to the police and media , essentially taunting them with details of his killings .
Background
David Berkowitz , born 1953 , was an adopted son of a middle class family in the Bronx .
Although his parents loved him , Berkowitz carried a lot of anger and guilt inside him as he felt responsible for the death of his natural mother , who he was told died giving birth to him .
Experts believe that could be the reason for his aggressive behavior .
He was devastated when his mother died of cancer and his father remarried and relocated to Florida , leaving him behind when he was 18 .
Later he found out that his natural mother was alive and that he had a sister .
There was a reunion , butit was too late for him by then as he preferred his isolation and delusions .
Killings and Sentence
Berkowitz received a 365 year prison sentence and told the FBI that he invented the “ Son of Sam ” stories to convince the court that he was out of his mind .
He then said the real reason he killed was partly because he hated his mother for leaving him and partly his failure with women .
He felt sexually aroused when he killed women , and he killed six of them .
John Wayne Gacy ( Killings between 1972 and 1978 )
A respected member of the Junior Chamber of Commerce , a precinct captain in the local Democratic party , the owner of a contracting business and a performing joker at children ’s parties , John Wayne Gacy seemed as normal as they come .
He came to be known as one of the most prolific serial killers in U.S. history .
Modus Operandi
Gacy lured his victims into handcuffs in the pretext of showing them a pair of trick handcuffs he used in his clown act .
He ’d then dare the youth to free themselves .
Once the boys were handcuffed , he would use either a rope or a board across their throats to kill them while he raped them .
Background
Gacy was born into a blue - collar family in 1942 and had two sisters .
His father was an abusive alcoholic who verbally and physically abused his children .
Gacy deeply loved his father and strived to please him , but failed .
He had the ability to persuade an manipulate people , likely because of how normal and harmless he seemed on the outside .
He later got married and had two kids of his own , but his wife left him when he was arrested for trying to coerce a fellow employee into homosexual acts .
Another thing to note is that he injured his head by falling off a swing when he was 11 years old .
He suffered from blackouts until he was 16 , and then was diagnosed with a blood clot and the condition was corrected .
Killings and Sentence
When Gacy realized that police were about to arrest him , he surrendered himself .
He told them , “ There are four Johns ” ( similar to multiple personalities ) — one was a contractor , another a clown , one a politician , and the fourth went by the name Jack Hanley , and he did evil things .
Gacy confessed to more than 24 murders and drew a map to 28 graves under his house and garage .
He also said he threw five others into the Des Plaines River .
He was executed with a lethal injection on May 10 , 1994 .
His last meal consisted of fried chicken , Coke , French fries and strawberry shortcake .
His last words were , “ Kiss my ass . ”
Jeffrey Dahmer – Monster ( Killings between 1978 and 1991
This Milwaukee serial killer murdered boys of Asian and African descent .
His murders were gruesome and involved torture , forced sodomy , dismemberment ( removing their limbs ) , necrophilia , and cannibalism .
He was arrested first when caught fondling a 13 - year - old boy in Milwaukee and was sentenced to one year in a work release camp .
After serving ten months , he was released on probation for his good behavior .
That ’s when his killing spree began .
He committed his first murder at the age of 18 , shortly after being released , and his first victim was a 19 - year - old hitchhiker .
There was a much - talked about story about a 14 - year - old boy who almost escaped Dahmer in 1991 .
He wandered into the streets without clothes , with Dahmer in pursuit .
Police believed Dahmer ’s story that the boy was 19 years old and was his partner , and took the boy to Dahmer ’s house .
In spite of noticing a weird smell there , they left without investigating .
Soon after , the boy was killed and Dahmer kept his skull as a souvenir .
Background
Dahmer was the son of an analytical chemist , and as a child he had a fascination with dissecting dead animals .
By the time he was a teenager , he was an alcoholic and a loner .
He dropped out of college and his father forced him to enlist in the Army .
After just two years , he was discharged because of his heavy drinking .
Since he did not want to face his father , he moved in with his grandmother and lived with her for six years .
His grandmother asked him to move out when he was arrested for exposing himself in public .
Killings and Sentence
Dahmer was caught by the police when a would - be victim escaped and alerted them .
He was held responsible for 15 murders , sentenced to 15 life terms .
Dahmer then expressed remorse and wished death upon himself .
He was beaten to death by a fellow inmate and died of severe head trauma .
Gary Ridgway – The Green River Killer ( Killings between 1982 and 1984 )
“ I hate most prostitutes .
I did not want to pay them for sex .
I also picked prostitutes as victims because they were easy to pick up without being noticed .
I knew they would not be reported missing right away , and might never be reported missing . ”
These were the words of one of the worst slayers in American history , who was said to have killed more women than any other serial killer — Gary Ridgway .
The Green River Killer drama unfolds at Aurora Avenue on the banks of the Green River where hundreds of prostitutes hang around , and where on July 15 , 1982 the body of a 16 - year - old prostitute was found .
She was the first victim of the infamous Green River Killer and was raped and strangled to death .
He had the habit of finding a landmark and leaving a group of dead bodies in ‘ clusters , ” to remember easily .
Driving by these clusters and remembering them gave him a high .
The killings continued and police could n’t find a clue , so the “ Green River Taskforce ” was formed in 1984 .
The death toll had reached 26 by then .
Ted Bundy ’s Help
Another serial killer , Ted Bundy ( who was sitting on a death row ) , offered to assist the police and gave them several clues into the working of a serial killer ’s mind until the time he was executed .
Background
Ridgway was born in Salt Lake City , Utah and he had two brothers .
He had a domineering mother who constantly yelled at their father and controlled Ted completely , and she was never pleased with what he did .
Ridgway ’s IQ was 80 , which signified a slight mental deficiency .
He had a troubled adolescence and stabbed a six - year - old kid when he was 16 .
He always had an obsession with prostitutes .
He was married for fourteen years and he managed two totally different identities : one the life of a wonderful husband going on romantic vacations , and the other of the infamous serial killer .
Killings and Sentence
The Green River Killer caused mayhem for two and half years during the 1980s .
He pleaded guilty to 48 charges in 2003 , but claimed to have killed 71 women .
A controversial plea bargain he entered into spared him execution in exchange for helping to locate the remains of all of those women by providing details .
This created a lot of controversy as many people believed that a person who murdered so many people should not be spared the death sentence .
He was sentenced to 48 life sentences and is currently incarcerated in Washington at the Washington State Penitentiary .
Belle Sorenson Gunness ( Killings between 1900 and 1908 )
Unlike many other female killers , Gunness did n’t poison her victims — she slaughtered them .
She was a 42 - year - old Norwegian immigrant who purchased a property in La Porte , Indiana using her first husband ’s insurance after his death .
Her husband and two of her children were said to have died mysteriously , although she was n’t suspected .
After moving to La Porte with the rest of her children , she married Peter Gunness who died after just nine months .
She collected another insurance payment .
Over the next few years , other men that came into her life vanished without trace .
She became famous for being a black widow — killing several of her husbands , ranch workers and adopted children .
Modus Operandi
She would place matrimonial ads in newspapers and promised men marital bliss and a life filled with love .
Several hopefuls traveled to La Porte carrying their life savings with them .
She would then drug them and cut them up as she cut her hogs .
She would then wrap them up with oilskin and bury them at her farm .
A letter she wrote reads – “ My heart beats in wild rapture for you , My Andrew , I love you .
Come prepared to stay forever . ”
Background
There are various accounts of her background .
She was said to be one of eight children and was born in Stoersetgjerdet in Norway .
One story goes that she got pregnant with a man and he kicked her in her stomach in public causing her to lose her child .
He disappeared soon after .
According to her sister , Belle was said to be crazy for money .
Missing Mysteriously
In 1908 , Gunness ’ farmhouse caught fire and burned to the ground .
When it was put out , the remains of several people were discovered — men , children , and even a woman .
The children were identified as hers .
The woman was assumed to be Gunness herself , although there was no head .
It was thought she died in that fire .
Many butchered bodies were found around her property , carved like turkeys .
The heads were cut off , arms removed , and legs sawed off at the thigh .
Despite the assumption that she died , her ranch hand and lover , Lamphere , claimed that he helped Belle fake her own death and run away when he was arrested .
Officially , she was presumed dead .
She was said to have killed 49 people .
Charles Manson ( Killings in 1969 )
Called the “ most dangerous man ” and the “ devil , ” Charles Manson was the terror of the 60s .
Background
He was born in 1934 to a 16 - year - old mother who was a troublemaker .
She left him with his aunt or grandmother most of the time .
She was arrested on armed robbery charges and sent to a penitentiary , leaving Manson to live with his aunt and uncle .
Even after she was released , his mother did n’t want the responsibility of looking after him .
She was even willing to trade him for a drink .
His father was never in the scene from his birth .
Manson turned out to be a troublemaker himself , and he was sent to a reform school at the age of nine .
By the time he was 26 , he was charged with rape , drug charges , stealing , pimping , and more .
He was religious and used this to manipulate people into following him .
When he was 34 , he formed the “ Charles Manson Family ” by attracting a group of followers — mostly young women with troubled pasts .
He used amphetamines to alter their personalities and they started calling him “ Jesus Christ ” and did everything he wanted , including physical favors .
He was a music lover who believed that the “ Beatles ’ ” were prophets sent to earth to warn of an upcoming revolution .
Manson focused on an Armageddon , where the blacks would rise to power and kill all whites and the Manson family would be the only white family living .
He felt the blacks would n’t be able to stay in power because of an inferiority complex and that the Manson family would then rule the world .
When this did not happen , he started having people killed by his “ family ” members .
Killings and Sentence
His first murder was that of Sharon Tate , wife of director Roman Polanski .
The next was the LaBianca family .
He was sentenced to death but later reduced to life imprisonment , when California Supreme Court eliminated death penalties temporarily .
He is currently an inmate at Corcoran State Prison .
Albert Fish ( Killings between 1919 and 1930 )
Albert Fish may have been America ’s most vile pedophile , serial killer , and cannibal .
He is known by many names — Gray Man , Brooklyn Vampire , The Boogeyman , and the Werewolf of Wysteria .
He was a gentle - looking and benevolent grandfather , a total contrast to the monster within him .
His wife considered him a wonderful husband and his children believed he was a model father .
Some of his crimes seem unbelievable .
Background
Hamy Fish ( his birth name ) was born in Washington D.C. as the youngest of four children .
Several of his family members had mental health problems .
After his father ’s death , he was put in an orphanage by his mother and he was whipped at the orphanage frequently .
That ’s said to be when he began to realize that he enjoyed physical pain and felt aroused by it .
Then he entered into homosexual relationships at the age of 12 and was introduced to other perverse practices of drinking urine and coprophagia .
His weekends were spent visiting public baths to watch boys undress .
This led to male prostitution , which continued even after his marriage and the births of his six children .
Turning into a Psycho- Masochist
He also developed an unusual interest in castration and visited brothels where he got himself whipped and beaten .
He pushed needles into his body , including his genitalia .
X - rays later revealed a total of 27 needles inside him .
It was at the age of 55 that he started experiencing hallucinations .
He believed God ordered him to castrate young boys .
This was diagnosed as religious psychosis and is what led to the several mutilations and murders he committed .
Killings and Sentence
Although he was a suspect in five killings , he stated that he “ had ” around 100 children in all states .
Nobody knew whether he was talking about cannibalization or molestation .
He was executed on an electric chair .
Herman Webster Mudgett – Dr. Holmes ( Killings between 1893 and 1895 )
Mudgett ’s criminal career started as a medical student who stole corpses from the University of Michigan .
He used those corpses to collect insurance money on policies taken under fictitious names .
He then started a drug store empire and constructed a huge hundred - room mansion with trap doors , lime pits , fake walls , acid vats , and secret entrances .
Modus Operandi
He would rent rooms to visitors and then try and collect the insurance when they were killed there .
He also used to lure women to his “ torture castle , ” promising marriage .
He would then throw them down the elevator shaft and gas them to death .
But before he did that he would force them to sign all their life savings over to him .
Background
Herman was born in New Hampshire and his father was very strict , often bullying his son .
He had a well - known fear of the local doctor ’s office and because of this other students in his school would often force him to touch human skeletons .
What was meant to be a scare turned out to be a fascination , which led to him stealing corpses while in medical school .
He started using the name “ H.H. Holmes ” after moving to Chicago and got engaged in a lot of shady activities .
He is also a bigamist , married a second time and a third time while still married to the first wife .
He was known to be a charmer and a ladies ’ man .
Killings
His huge castle with secret passages had a drugstore and other shops on the ground floor and the upper areas were used as his office .
There were more than a hundred rooms without windows , and there were doorways that opened into brick walls .
There were also stairways to nowhere , doors that could not be opened from the inside and several other such oddities .
This was to become his killing den .
It was here that the killing spree sprouted over a period of three horrible years .
Female victims were mostly his employees who were required to take a life insurance policy where Holmes would pay the premiums .
Soundproof rooms with gas lines fitted in were used to kill people .
These victims were asphyxiated and their screams went unnoticed as they suffocated .
There was a chute that took the bodies to the basement , where some bodies were dissected , flesh removed and turned into skeletal models .
He sold these skeletons and other organs to medical schools .
He also performed illegal abortions in the castle and many of his patients died .
Sentence
Eventually police grew suspicious about the activities in the castle and when he knew he was getting caught , he burnt the castle and vanished .
Remains of more than two hundred people were found in the charred debris .
He was later caught and hanged .
Coral Eugene Watts – ( Killings between 1974 and 1982 )
Watts was the first known serial killer in the nation ’s history to have legally acquired immunity , and at one point it even looked as if he would be released in 2006 in spite of having committed between 80 - 100 murders .
When a detective said that he did not have enough fingers and toes to count all the murders he committed , Watts replied that there were not enough fingers and toes in the room .
( There were four men in the room . )
Usually serial killers are said to kill people of their own race .
However Watts , who was an African American , killed whites mostly .
He admitted to killing females because he saw evil in their eyes .
He drowned women in a bathtub in order to prevent their spirits from escaping .
He was not caught for many years because he killed in different jurisdictions and different states .
DNA tests also did n’t prove anything because he did not dally with his victims , unlike other serial killers .
Modus Operandi
Watts would drive a couple of hours to commit his murders .
He stalked women in his car , would park ahead of them , get out of the car , and then approach them .
He killed females between the ages of 14 and 34 by strangulation , drowning , and stabbing .
Occasionally he also used tools and other metal objects .
He started killing at the age of 20 but did not rape them , and some of his murders occurred without him even touching the women .
For him , the thrill came from the hunt and attack .
Background
Watts ’ parents divorced when he was two and he lived with his mother and step - father .
He was said to act weird when he was a kid .
He was never good at academics but excelled in boxing .
He started having morbid dreams when he was 12 , always revolving around killing women .
In his dreams , he would punch their evil spirits and he usually fell off his bed .
When asked by psychiatrists later whether these dreams disturbed him , he said , “ No , I feel better after having them . ”
These dreams slowly turned into reality when he started watching , stalking , and looking into the eyes of women to find evil .
By the age of 15 , he began hitting and choking them .
Ultimately it was n’t enough for him to hurt those women — he had to kill them .
Killings and Sentence
Due to lack of evidence of murder , a plea bargain granted immunity from murder if he confessed to his murders and gave details .
Due to this and his good behavior , Watts could have been released in 2006 .
However , after Watts confessed to about 80 murders , the Michigan authorities refused to go in with the deal and got witnesses to come out and speak about a couple of murders .
Watts was found guilty and sentenced to life imprisonment .
However , he died of prostate cancer in 2007 .
Richard Angelo ( Killings between April 1987 and October 1987 )
Angelo was a killer with a different mindset from all others .
He made the entire nation scared of hospitals .
The desire to be a hero in others ’ eyes made him a monster .
He was 26 when he went to work at the Good Samaritan Hospital on Long Island in New York .
He was a former Eagle Scout and always tried to do good things and help others .
His inability to achieve the level of praise he always desired made him a dangerous serial killer of a totally different kind .
Modus Operandi
He took advantage of the graveyard shift at the hospital to satisfy his desires .
He would inject Pavulon and Anectine into patients and bring them to a near - death states .
He would tell them that he was giving them drugs that would make them feel better .
After injecting these drugs , the patients begin feeling numb and their breathing became constricted .
They also lost their ability to communicate with the doctors and nurses .
Then he would show his heroism by helping to save his victims , impressing everyone in the hospital .
Death came upon many of these patients as he was unable to intervene and save them from his deadly injections .
Background
Angelo was a former boy scout and always wanted to be a hero .
He was said to crave for attention from his parents and everyone else around him .
Killings and Sentence
He is said to have killed 25 people and was caught when one of his victims managed to use the call button for assistance after being injected .
One of the nurses then took his urine sample and the test proved positive for the drugs , Anectine and Pavulon , which had not been prescribed by the doctors .
All the bodies of suspected victims were tested and found positive for drugs .
Angelo confessed and said , “ I had no confidence in myself .
I felt very inadequate . ”
He was charged for second - degree murder on multiple counts and sentenced to 61 years to life imprisonment .
He is currently in the Clinton Correctional Facility in New York .
Andrew Cunanan ( Killings between April 1997 and July 1997 )
Andrew Phillip Cunanan , a soft - spoken intellect who had a flair for languages and discussing world affairs , was a handsome , lavish and boastful young man who associated himself only with the social elite .
He earned many dubious distinctions .
One was for killing the famous fashion designer , Gianni Versace , and the other is being listed by the FBI on their Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list .
He was the first person from San Diego to get onto the “ prestigious ” list .
Modus Operandi
There was no modus operandi discovered for Cunanan .
In the beginning he killed his former lovers who he felt were having an affair behind his back .
The others that were killed may also have had connections with him , but nobody knows for sure .
They were killed differently and with different weapons .
Background
Cunanan was born in National City , California and was a homosexual since high school .
He was known for his erratic ways .
He graduated in 1987 .
He was also rumored to be a lover to older and wealthy gay men .
His mother called him a “ high - class homosexual prostitute . ”
However his father denied his homosexuality , calling him “ an altar boy ” who has a good Catholic upbringing .
It is said that in homosexual circles , once a person crosses mid-20s he is considered old .
When Andrew turned 28 , he was deserted by his wealthy lovers .
He was left to pay off credit cards which exceeded limits , and this left him broke .
He stopped taking care of his usually very trendy appearance and gained a lot of weight .
At this point another emotion reared its ugly head — jealousy .
He spotted two of his young lovers seeing each other behind his back .
Another thing that bothered him was the fact that both of them had reached great heights professionally while he remained stagnant .
The jealousy grew to such an extent that he eventually went to visit them , killing both of them just days apart from each other , beginning his life as a serial killer .
Killings and Sentence
One of his victims was Gianni Versace , the Italian designer .
The FBI found Andrew , as he left his name signed on the pavement in front of Gianni ’s house .
The FBI felt that it was his way of trying to get attention , saying “ Look at me .
I ’m the one that did this . ”
He led authorities on a massive manhunt for his killings .
He killed himself eight days after killing Gianni Versace .
He shot himself to avoid capture .
Conclusion
What you have witnessed here is just a fragment of the world of savage and sadistic minds who have transformed this act of murder from a monstrous anomaly into an everyday horror .
These mythic monsters capture the attention of the entire nation and end up as terrifying household names .
Looking into the psyche of a serial killer , doctors say that every individual develops positive attitude towards life and people in their early years , and this attitude is rendered negative with abuse — physical and emotional .
That abuse can also come in the form of refusal to acknowledge the boundaries of an individual through excessive expectations , possessiveness , and doting , all of which are as abusive as incest or beatings .
Researchers attempting to understand how fantasies warp the serial killer ’s mind say that bizarre fantasies thrive in isolation and eventually the killers feel the need to live them out .
They dwell on the murder act for days before committing it , completely caught up in their fantasy .
But they find that even murder never fulfills the fantasy completely , and this leads to the serial nature of their crime — always looking for satisfaction they never actually find .
Many of these serial killers also keep souvenirs of their crime which helps refuel the fantasy .
McCain's Chilling Dance With the Dark Side
So the McCain camp is trying to raise doubts about Barack Obama -- even though the Illinois senator has been on the national stage for four years and has been under the presidential campaign microscope for the last 20 months .
They seem to have no qualms appealing to the cultural fears of their agitated , and now energized , base by practically branding Obama as un-American or anti-American .
And this is eliciting an ugliness at McCain - Palin events that is justifiably raising alarms that some nut job is going to act on the Republican ticket 's cynical campaigning .
For two days now , there have been stories about boisterous McCain - Palin supporters screaming inflammatory words at the very mention of Obama 's name .
Words like " terrorist " and " Kill him ! " and " treason . "
And at no point has McCain or Palin called on those folks and others who would imitate them to stop .
It reminds me of McCain 's laughing response , during the primaries , when a South Carolina supporter asked , in reference to Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton , " How do we beat the bitch ? "
Judging by this picture * -- taken on Oct. 5 on Mickle Hill Road in Warren County , Pa. , by Maryland resident Kurt Kolaja , who was attending a wedding in the area -- the McCain campaign is tapping into an even more unsavory strain of anger within the electorate .
Or how about this one , taken just down the road by Kolaja 's daughter ?
We 've seen the destructive power of words .
Remember when right - wing elements of the Grand Old Party stoked anti-government paranoia with talk of black helicopters enforcing Washington regulations ?
The party 's blind - eye assent to this ended on April 19 , 1995 , when Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols blew up Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City , killing 168 people and injuring more than 800 others .
According to a New York Times article that year : " Three specific events confirmed Mr. McVeigh 's view of a runaway government out to take his guns : the Ruby Ridge raid ( Aug. 22 , 1992 ) ; Waco ( April 19 , 1993 ) , and the passage of the Brady Bill in November 1993 , mandating a five - day waiting period for the purchase of guns . "
Now , I 'm not saying that it 's wrong to ask questions about Obama 's relationship , such as it was , with Bill Ayers .
Or with Tony Rezko or with Rev. Jeremiah Wright .
Just as it would n't be inappropriate to raise questions about McCain 's association with G. Gordon Liddy , the convicted Watergate burglar whose colorful history includes telling listeners to his radio show in 1994 to shoot federal agents in the head .
When McCain went on Liddy 's radio show in November 2007 , he told Liddy , " I 'm proud of you , I 'm proud of your family ...
It 's always a pleasure for me to come on your program , Gordon , and congratulations on your continued success and adherence to the principles and philosophies that keep our nation great . "
The candidates ' associations with these people , and their responses to questions about them , give you a view into their judgment .
But at a time of great economic uncertainty -- so uncertain that the smartest people in the world are scratching their heads about what to do -- whipping up anger rather than reaching for solutions is not what 's needed .
In his column today , my colleague Charles Krauthammer writes that Obama 's character " remains highly suspect . "
And he ends by saying , " There is a difference between temperament and character . "
This past week , by ginning up an anger and resentment on the campaign trail that should leave all with a cold chill running through their bodies , McCain has shown neither presidential temperament nor character .
The New York Daily News reported this week that a " top McCain strategist " said , " It 's a dangerous road , but we have no choice .
If we keep talking about the economic crisis , we 're going to lose . "
If they keep doing what they 're doing , they 'll deserve to lose .
* ( UPDATE 10.20.08 )
An alert reader from Bozeman , Mont. , flagged the possibility that the first homemade sign could be touting the candidacy of Mary Jo White , a Republican in the Pennsylvania State Senate who represents part of Warren County and is running for reelection .
That may be .
But , as the other sign shows , there is very real anger and racism being expressed out of the media glare .
Democratic presidential nominee Senator Barack Obama ( L ) and Republican presidential nominee Senator John McCain ( R ) take part in the first presidential debate at the University of Mississippi in Oxford , Mississippi , September 26 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Chip Somodevilla / Pool
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) -
The nationally televised debate last week between presidential contenders John McCain and Barack Obama drew 52.4 million U.S. viewers , far below 1980 ’s record audience , Nielsen Media Research reported on Monday .
The tally for Friday ’s 90 - minute debate between the Republican and Democratic presidential nominees also fell just shy of the 52.7 million viewers who tuned in last Wednesday to see President George W. Bush ’s prime - time address urging swift congressional action on the financial crisis .
The McCain - Obama matchup fell well short of the 80.6 million viewers who watched the October 28 , 1980 , debate between then - President Jimmy Carter and his Republican challenger , Ronald Reagan .
That is still a record audience for a televised U.S. presidential debate .
Could blogs be the key to building better bombs ?
The Department of Homeland Security is worried they just might .
So DHS is looking for teams of geeks and social scientists to " gather data on a near real - time basis from blogs and message boards ... in order to better counter the use of IEDs , " or improvised explosive devices .
" As the use of the internet by terrorists has increased , blogging and message boards have played a substantial role in allowing communication among those who would do the United States harm , " the agency adds , in a solicitation for contractors .
That 's why " it is necessary to identify speech acts in near to real - time which proceed the decision by terrorists to use an
IED . "
Military , security , and intelligence circles have grown increasingly worried about how would - be terrorists might use emerging tools .
Everything from Twitter to World of Warcraft has earned a suspicious eye .
In contrast , the threat raised by DHS ' " Counter - Improved Explosive Devices Blogging " project is relatively old .
Jihadist groups have been using online forums and , yes , blogging software for years .
Dozens of federal agencies and independent firms keep tabs on these sites , for potentially hazardous chatter .
Which makes you wonder why is DHS is suddenly looking to get into the blog - spotting game , too .
The Department is promising to meet with potential contractors to explain " the types of information that needs to be collected from blogs and message boards ( amount of discussion about IED technology , depth of discussion about IEDs , support for use of IEDs , etc. ) . "
From there , it 'll be up to wannabe online monitors to build a plan for " developing objective , systematic data collection and retrieval techniques to gather data on a near real - time basis from blogs and message boards . "
* Data will be collected at multiple , pre-determined times to evaluate the transmission of information over time , and should include metrics for determining the impact factor and usage patterns of the blogs and message boards .
3 ) identifying blogs and message boards utilized or favored by groups that engage in violent or terrorist activity to include in the study .
Blogs and message boards must be representative of various characteristics of the larger populations of interest .
and 4 ) collecting quantitative and qualitative data from the bloggers to evaluate such issues relating to knowledge of the preparation and execution of violent activities , including IED attacks .
*
( Photo : Winkk ; da bomb : Drew )
ALSO :
* State 's Trolls ' Push Back ' Against Anti-U.S. Bloggers
* Military Report : Secretly ' Recruit or Hire Bloggers '
* Air Force Blocks Access to Many Blogs
* Top General : Let Soldiers Blog
* Targeting the Jihadist Noise Machine
* U.S. Enlists Arab Bloggers for Info War
* Some of Her Best Friends Are Terrorists
* Inside Al - Qaeda 's " Intranet "
* Intel Director Launches Qaeda Leak Probe
* Bloggers vs. Terrorists ?
* Terrorists Keep Blogs , Too
* Army Bullies Blogger , Invades YouTube
* Army Audit : Official Sites , Not Blogs , are Security Threat
* Military Security Threat : Bogus Bomb - Zapper 's Bogus Countermeasure
* No More YouTube , MySpace for U.S. Troops
* Army : Milblogging is " Therapy , " Media is " Threat "
* Urban Legend Led to Army Blog -Bust ?
* New Army Rules Could Kill G.I. Blogs ( Maybe E- mail , Too )
* Reporters = Foreign Spies ?
* Army's Info -Cop Speaks
Virtual Heist Nets 500,000 + Bank , Credit Accounts
A single cyber crime group has stolen more than a half million bank , credit and debit card accounts over the past two - and - a - half years using one of the most advanced strains of computer spyware in existence , according to research to be published today .
The discovery is among the largest stolen data caches ever recovered .
Researchers at RSA 's FraudAction Research Lab unearthed the massive trove of purloined data while tracking the activities of a family of spyware known as the " Sinowal " Trojan , designed to steal data from Microsoft Windows PCs .
RSA investigators found more than 270,000 online banking account credentials , as well as roughly 240,000 credit and debit account numbers and associated personal information on Web servers the Sinowal authors were using to set up their attacks .
The company says the cache was the bounty collected from computers infected with Sinowal going back to February 2006 .
" Almost three years is a very , very long time for just one online gang to maintain the lifecycle and operations in order to utilize just one Trojan , " said Sean Brady , manager of identity protection for RSA , the security division of EMC .
" Only rarely do we come across crimeware that has been continually stealing and collecting personal information and payment card data , and compromising bank accounts as far back as 2006 . "
Sinowal , also called " Torpig " and " Mebroot " by various anti-virus companies , constantly morphs its appearance to slip past security software .
Between April and October , researchers spotted an average of 60 to 80 new Sinowal variants per month ( see graphic above ) .
Indeed , in the 24 hours ending Oct 30 , security researchers at ThreatExpert.com saw at least three new versions of Sinowal being released into the wild .
On Oct. 21 , a new Sinowal variant was submitted to Virustotal.com , which scans incoming files against nearly three dozen commercial anti-virus programs and maintains a historical record of those results .
Only 10 out of 35 of those security programs - or 28.5 percent - identified it as such or even flagged it as suspicious .
Another scan of a Sinowal variant sent to VirusTotal a week earlier yielded slightly better results , with just over half of the anti-virus tools detecting it as malicious .
Sinowal also is unique in that hides in the deepest recesses of a host computer , an area known as the " Master Boot Record . "
The MBR is akin to a computer 's table of contents , a file system that loads even before the operating system boots up .
According to security experts , many anti-virus programs will remain oblivious to such a fundamental compromise .
What 's more , completely removing the Trojan from an infected machine often requires reformatting the system and wiping any data stored on it .
The Trojan lies in wait until the victim visits one of more than 2,700 bank and e-commerce sites hard - coded into the malware , at which point it injects new Web pages or information fields into the victim 's Web browser .
For example , Sinowal can falsely prompt an unsuspecting victim for personal information , such as a Social Security number or password when he or she visits one of the targeted financial institution Web sites .
Any stolen data is regularly uploaded to Web servers controlled by the Trojan 's authors .
The makers of Sinowal typically have spread their Trojan by sewing malicious code into the fabric of large numbers of legitimate , hacked Web sites .
When an unsuspecting Windows user visits one of these sites , the code left on the site tries to install the Trojan using one of several known
Web browser security holes , such as vulnerabilities found in popular video and music player plug-ins like Macromedia Flash and Apple 's QuickTime player .
The Sinowal gang appear to have profited handsomely from a spate of high - profile Web compromises reported of late :
More than 100,000 bank account credentials were stolen by the Trojan in the last six months alone , RSA found ( see graphic above ) .
It 's not clear exactly who 's behind these attacks , but evidence points to Russian malware gangs .
Brady said Sinowal had early ties with the Russian Business Network , a notorious , cyber - crime friendly Web hosting firm in St. Petersburg , Russia , that was dispersed last year due to international media attention .
While the Sinowal authors no longer use RBN as a home base , Brady said his team could find no trace of a single Russian victim in the entire database of credentials and identities stolen from customers of hundreds of banks across the United States , Europe and Asia , and at least 27 other countries .
According to several analysts at iDefense , a security intelligence firm in Sterling , Va. , more than a dozen criminals operating the Sinowal data theft network have been thumbing their noses at authorities for some time .
While examining a Web server used in a Sinowal attack earlier this year , iDefense found a spoof of the U.S. Marshals
Web site apparently created by the criminals ( click the image above to enlarge ) .
i Defense said each nickname on the fake site corresponds to the digital credentials that gang members used to access the Web server .
The bogus wanted poster includes caricatures of such famous figures as Mikhail Gorbachev ; Leonid Brezhnev , Joseph Stalin ( Perevodchik , " translator " in Russian ) ; Vladimir Lenin ; and Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin ( " Shaitan , " or " devil " ) .
( Fortune Magazine ) -- On Feb. 21 , 2008 , Mitchell Berns heard every flier 's two least favorite words : weather related .
Citing snow , Delta Airlines was canceling his flight from Las Vegas to New York City and rescheduling him for a redeye connecting in Boston .
With 47 % of all delays so far in 2008 caused by weather ( up 5 % from last year ) , most fliers can relate .
And they know that normally this story ends with a bleary - eyed tale recounted the next day at the water cooler .
Not this time .
It ends in court , with our traveler $ 838 richer .
Berns , 55 , is a securities litigator with Lane Sash & Larrabee in White Plains , N.Y .
On that night he was flying home from a romantic getaway with his wife , who was pregnant with twins .
Seeing that other airlines ' planes were still departing as scheduled , Berns asked Delta to refund his ticket so that he could book one of those flights .
They told him ( politely , as he recalls ) that weather - related cancellations or delays are not the airline 's fault and do not come with a refund .
Berns checked the National Weather Service report .
It said snow that day was expected at five the next morning - hours after his flight was scheduled to land .
He and several other passengers from his Delta flight easily booked a JetBlue flight departing at the same time .
His tab : $ 938 .
He landed at J.F.K. on schedule .
Back at home , Berns did what any consumer with $ 15 ( in New York City ) and a working knowledge of English ( or Spanish , in most states ) can do :
He filed a small - claims suit against Delta for $ 938 .
Delta did not show up to defend itself , so on June 12 he won a default judgment .
When a legal analyst from the airline called him two weeks later to negotiate a payment , he declined an offer of frequent - flier miles ( " Confederate currency , " in his words ) and made a counteroffer :
If you pay me within two weeks , I 'll knock $ 100 off .
Delta agreed but asked for a confidentiality agreement .
Berns said they could n't have both , and Delta took the discount .
( A Delta spokesperson did not respond to repeated requests for comment . )
" The lesson is , Do n't let them bully you with bogus cancellations , " says Berns .
The whole thing took him about four hours , he recalls , resulting in earnings of less than half his hourly billing rate .
" But I 'd do it again , " he says .
" That 's how good it felt . "
Call it confirmation bias , call it superstition , but as developers and human beings , we 're all susceptible to it .
Say you 're working on a particularly tricky bit of code , so you 've fallen back on the " try all kinds of crazy crap until it passes the specific test case " method , an invaluable tool for all developers .
You find an approach that works , and while you 're not sure exactly why it worked , you keep it in mind for the future .
In Robert L.'s case , he found the snippet below :
this.rect.X1 = Math.Min(this.rect.X1 , this.rect.X1 - 0 ) ; this.rect.X2 = Math.Max ( this.rect.X2 , this.rect.X2 + 0 ) ; this .rect .Y1 = Math.Min(this.rect.Y1 , this.rect.Y1 - 0 ) ; this .rect .Y2 = Math.Max ( this.rect.Y2 , this.rect.Y2 + 0 ) ;
Presumably , the developer made a whole bunch of changes , including the adding / subtracting of zero , and some change outside this code fixed the bug .
" Oh well , " he must have reasoned , " it worked for X1 , might as well do this for the other coordinates . "
That ’s right - I unearthed more weirdness than I could fit into one article .
Thus , I am writing a sequel .
You might be a member of one of these clubs .
You might be one of the brave souls who wear Transformer costumes or engage in serious Medieval swordfights in the quad during lunch while the rest of the student body walks by with perplexed looks on their faces .
Or you might just be the hopelessly bland , normal kid who ridicules them .
Regardless , weirdness abounds at America ’s college campuses .
The following five strange clubs are but a sampling :
Princeton Mime Company , Princeton University –
In an age where mimes have become an object of mockery , these brave students face their cruel world in silence … and with invisible walls , windows , and props and white face paint .
It is assumed that this club suffers from an inordinate amount of communication problems and injuries resulting from collisions with imaginary objects .
Ichidan Live Theatre & Cosplay , Boise State University –
For the uninitiated , like myself , cosplay is a craze in which fans of Japanese anime and manga dress up as their favorite characters and come to special events to show off their elaborate costumes .
Apparently , even in the spud-loving heart of the rugged West , this movement has gained a group of devotees .
This particular club performs anime - inspired stage plays ( in costume , of course ) , attends cosplay conventions , and stages cosplay game shows .
Naturally , the club members all have anime - sounding code names like Graal , Venom , and Cloud .
Check it out : Ichidan.com .
Society for Explosives Engineers , University of Arizona –
This club sounds like a blast ( get it ? ) .
This dynamite ( get it ? ) troupe is dedicated to educating students about careers in mining , specifically mining through use of explosives .
In the process , they get to blow a lot of stuff up .
They are a student chapter of the International Society of Explosives Engineers .
Check it out : IcsRecruiter.com .
Yellow Brand Organization , UC San Diego – Judging by their rather cryptic website , this student organization is dedicated to combating technical ineptitude in all its forms .
Uh -huh …
The Shire of Grey Gargoyles of the Society for Creative Anachronism , University of Chicago – This one is much like the Quill and the Sword in my last article in that it seeks to recreate Medieval life ( i.e. swords , armor , feasts , minstrels , women with long , flowing tresses and low - cut dresses ) , but I had to include it just for the cool name .
Check it out : Grey - Gargoyles .
About the author Marcus Varner earned his BA in English from Brigham Young University with a Creative Writing emphasis .
He is currently in his second year at BYU ’s lauded MBA program studying Marketing .
He blogs , writes fiction and screenplays , loves movies , and ca n’t resist playing superheroes with his kids .
[ lavalinx code = ” 55|110|12679 ″ ]
Supporters of Senator Obama have every right to be upset at the guilt by association game being played by the hockey mom and that little guy she ’s running with for president .
Though there is no reason to get overly angry and certainly no reason to panic .
Obama is n’t in a panic he ’s taking McCain on the facts .
Obama ’s relationship to Bill Ayers is about the same as the one average Americans have with a fellow employee they know by name , but talk to for two minutes a year at the office holiday party .
McCain - Palin want to play that game and declare that you are who you hang out with , then they are the ones that have some explaining to do .
Despite attacks on media by McCain campaign , case studies show disparate coverage in McCain ’s favor
….since The New York Times first reported on April 22 that McCain facilitated land deals that benefited major donors , these media outlets have mentioned those deals in only six additional reports , but news reports and editorial and opinion pieces by or in those media outlets have mentioned Obama ’s ties to Rezko — who was convicted in June in a case in which Obama was never accused of any wrongdoing — 44 times during that same time period .
Moreover , while these same media outlets have frequently mentioned Obama ’s ties to Ayers — 69 mentions so far in 2008 — they have yet to mention McCain ’s connections to Liddy , whom McCain has praised and repeatedly associated with in public and in campaign settings .
In addition to serving more than four years in prison for his role in the Watergate break - in and the Daniel Ellsberg case , Liddy also admitted that he plotted to murder journalist Jack Anderson ; plotted to murder fellow Republican operative E. Howard Hunt ; and plotted to firebomb the Brookings Institution .
Liddy also reportedly gave advice on how to shoot agents of the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives ( ATF ) and reportedly admitted to naming shooting targets after the Clintons .
Liddy has been a McCain supporter for years and given money to the McCain campaign this year .
Its almost laughable that Obama having repeatedly and publicaly condemned Bill Ayers , would let Ayers have any influence in his administration .
Liddy on the other hand has a large media soapbox , enjoys influence as part of the Rightie noise machine and has made numerous inflammatory remarks about Obama while extolling the virtues of John McCain .
Liddy and his followers have political influence , they are McCain and Palin ’s base .
Ayers is a marginal figure , even as the right - wing smear meisters try to blow him up larger then life .
McCain has been associated with Phil Gramm for years and despite ‘ officially ” removing Gramm from his campaign is still rumored to be McCain top choice for Treasury Secretary .
That would be the same Phil Gramm that is responsible for terrorizing America ’s working class , McCain Defends ‘ Enron Loophole ’
Then , over the next year , Enron – with Gramm ’s wife Wendy serving on its board of directors – worked to create false electricity shortages in California , bilking consumers out of an estimated $ 40 billion . [ ].. Gramm received more than $ 34,000 in campaign contributions from Enron and served as one of the company ’s key legislative allies in Washington , including his help in 2000 removing federal oversight from energy trades on electronic platforms .
also see Foreclosure Phil
Who ’s to blame for the biggest financial catastrophe of our time ?
There are plenty of culprits , but one candidate for lead perp is former Sen. Phil Gramm .
Eight years ago , as part of a decades - long anti-regulatory crusade , Gramm pulled a sly legislative maneuver that greased the way to the multibillion - dollar subprime meltdown . [ ].. As Congress and the White House were hurriedly hammering out a $ 384 - billion omnibus spending bill , Gramm slipped in a 262 - page measure called the Commodity Futures Modernization Act.
Written with the help of financial industry lobbyists and cosponsored by Senator Richard Lugar ( R - Ind . ) , the chairman of the agriculture committee , the measure had been considered dead — even by Gramm .
Few lawmakers had either the opportunity or inclination to read the version of the bill Gramm inserted .
“ Nobody in either chamber had any knowledge of what was going on or what was in it , ” says a congressional aide familiar with the bill ’s history . [ ]
… But the Enron loophole was small potatoes compared to the devastation that unregulated swaps would unleash .
Credit default swaps are essentially insurance policies covering the losses on securities in the event of a default .
Financial institutions buy them to protect themselves if an investment they hold goes south .
It ’s like bookies trading bets , with banks and hedge funds gambling on whether an investment ( say , a pile of subprime mortgages bundled into a security ) will succeed or fail .
Because of the swap - related provisions of Gramm ’s bill — which were supported by Fed chairman Alan Greenspan and Treasury secretary Larry Summers — a $ 62 trillion market ( nearly four times the size of the entire US stock market ) remained utterly unregulated , meaning no one made sure the banks and hedge funds had the assets to cover the losses they guaranteed .
Obama has a nonassociation with a guy that committed his crimes when Obama was eight .
McCain has on going relationships with people that are have committed crimes and passed legislation that every day working Americans will be paying for the foreseeable future .
In fact McCain has an ongoing relationship with a rogues gallery of America ’s most corrupt lobbyists , No Reformer – McCain Puts 170 + Lobbyists First While Americans Struggle ( PDF file )
McCain campaign chairman Charlie Black has lobbied for corrupt dictators , despots , and corporations accused of mass murder over the course of a lobbying career that has spanned more than 30 years and seen Black pass through K St. ’s revolving door to Republican presidential campaigns seven times .
Black lobbied for US aid on behalf of foreign regimes notorious for human rights abuses , including Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos , Nigeria General Ibrahim Babangida , Somali President Mohamed Siad Barre , and Mobutu Sese Seko of Zaire , whose government was cited in a congressional report as guilty of numerous “ incidents of banishment , torture and detention without charge or trial . ”
Black earned more than $ 1.8 million lobbying for Occidental Petroleum , accused of complicity in mass murder in Colombia .
Not only has Black assisted regimes and corporations that commit crimes against citizens of other nations , Black has lobbied for foreign companies linked to Iran , putting business interests ahead of America ’s security .
Republican support of right - wing death squads in Latin America is OK .
Senator Obama once ate a PB&J in the same cafeteria as Bill Ayers , OMG .
Obama is running an ad with video that speaks to McCain ’s involvement with the Keating Five .
There ’s no reason not to use Charlie Black as another McCain poster boy for McCain ’s fake populism and a roaring symbol of the Palin - McCain hypocrisy machine .
What if a terrorist was responsible for spilling 3 million gallons of oil into America ’s lakes across six states and was one of Obama was their friend .
We ’d all be deaf from the shrill cries of outrage by the Right , but McCain hires a lobbyist that tried to protect the ‘ terrorist ’ not a word from the Ayers Conspiracy Crowd ,
Senior Advisor Nancy Pfotenhauer has lobbied for the particularly despicable Koch Industries , remarkable for its disregard for the safety and wellbeing of Americans even among the many questionable clients who have benefited from the services of McCain ’s lobbyists .
Pfotenhauer lobbied for Koch on pipeline safety issues over a period during which Koch ’s poor safety standards and regulations resulted in a spill of 3 million gallons of oil into lakes and streams across six states , leading to the largest civil fine ever levied under the Clean Water Act.
McCain sponsored the pipeline safety bill on which Pfotenhauer lobbied , unsurprisingly recognized as the most lenient of the three pipeline safety bills proposed in 2000 – and noted as being favored by the gas industry .
In a saner America , at the very least Nancy would be mapping the floor on the nightshift at the county jail , but in ConWorld she ’s rewarded with a job on McCain ’s staff .
Just one more from the report in homage to those populist conservative reformers Pail - McCain ,
McCain ’s Capitol Hill liaison John Green is a founding partner of Ogilvy Government Relations and may be able to claim the greatest breadth of lobbying ties , with long - standing relationships to oil and gas giants , the health insurance industry , private equity firms , and predatory lenders .
Green ’s firm has reaped more than $ 1 million from Chevron Texaco and Amerada Hess , and earned more than $ 600,000 lobbying to protect the interests of Americhoice , a managed care HMO , over Medicaid , Medicare , and SCHIP recipients .
Green also lobbied on behalf of Blackstone , to attempt to help Blackstone and other private equity groups avoid higher taxes , and made more than $ 700,000 from predatory lender Ameriquest , which was forced to settle law suits from 49 states for $ 325 million following the exposure of predatory lending practices that affected 725,000 American homeowners .
Republicans have plenty of terrorist associations .
Sometimes their terrorists support totalitarian - authoritrain governments , sometimes they support domestic terrrorism that poisons our water and sometimes its spreadsheet anti-regulation terrorism .
I received my license to make hyperbolic insults in perpetuity from John MCain and McCain supporters Ann Coulter , Sean Hannity , Michelle Malkin and Rush Limbaugh .
Treason : Liberal Treachery from the Cold War to the War on Terrorism and Godless : The Church of Liberalism , books or more like a few news clips Ann Coulter got and garbeled from Lexis - Nexus .
Unhinged : Exposing Liberals Gone
Wild a very slim tome by Conservative Michelle Malkin , reviewed here .
Deliver Us from Evil : Defeating Terrorism , Despotism , and Liberalism – an attempt by Sean Hannity to prove to the world his complete lack of knowledge about American history and traditional American values – possibly the inspiration for Jonah Goldberg ’s work .
He can also type he word evil more times then anybody , ever .
And Rush Limbaugh who once said “ They oughtta change Black History Month to Black Progress Month and start measuring it . ” and “ The phony soldiers . ” — his term for U.S. service members who support withdrawal from Iraq .
Republicans finance terrorists
Ex -Lawmaker Charged in Terror Conspiracy
Cannot play media .
Sorry , this media is not available in your territory .
Casey Stoner led from the start to win the Australian MotoGP ahead of new world champion Valentino Rossi , who clinched second from 12th on the grid .
Home favourite Stoner made light of his broken wrist to produce a flawless performance at Phillip Island .
Rossi passed Nicky Hayden on the final lap , leaving the American to settle for the last place on the podium .
Britain 's James Toseland finished sixth to equal his best finish in his maiden MotoGP season .
It was almost even better for Toseland , who was in superb form and hanging on to fourth until the final few laps as he battled spectacularly with Jorge Lorenzo , Andrea Dovizioso and Shinya Nakano .
But Toseland was unable to mark his 28th birthday with a new best performance in MotoGP as he conceded two places when Lorenzo passed him to take fourth and Nakano also went through for fifth .
Earlier , Toseland had for a while held off the challenge of Rossi , who stormed up the field from a lowly 12th following his crash in qualifying .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
However , after the pair traded places for a couple of laps , the Italian eventually passed and was able to concentrate on reeling in Hayden .
Toseland said : " I was really trying to save the tyre as I knew it was going to be difficult for the last five or six laps , and it was .
" Valentino came past and I really had to push to the maximum and that really spoilt my chances on the last couple of laps .
" I was really disappointed that I did n't finish fourth because I really should have done but I wanted to stay with Valentino because that was for a podium finish .
" But it was nice to pass Valentino twice - the first time in my career , so that was great .
And it was nice to put a good show on . "
Six times world champion Rossi admitted he did not find it easy to pass Toseland and was happy to have clinched second place , given his starting position .
" For me it was a very exciting race , I could n't relax for a second .
Starting on the fourth row is very difficult but I was confident we had a good pace , " he said .
" The battle with Toseland was very tough but then I saw Nicky coming closer lap by lap .
Second is the best result we could get . "
Stoner 's victory virtually assures him of second place in the championship after rival Dani Pedrosa failed to finish after crashing on the first lap .
The Spaniard lost control at the first corner , running onto the grass and suffering a spill from which he never recovered .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
While Stoner was pleased with his victory , he also reflected on the mistakes that have seen him lose his title to Rossi .
" We 've had a bit of an up and down weekend but I was confident for the race , " he said .
" Nicky ( Hayden ) was pressing me at the start but he dropped off and I could build an advantage .
" My two crashes is when we really lost the championship but Valentino 's ridden really well this season . "
Earlier , Marco Simoncelli extended his lead in the 250 cc championship and Mike di Meglio of France wrapped up the 125 cc world title with wins in their races after starting from pole position .
Australian MotoGP results : 1 . Casey Stoner ( Australia ) Ducati 40:56.643
2. Valentino Rossi ( Italy ) Yamaha 41:03.147
3. Nicky Hayden ( U.S. ) Honda 41:03.848
4. Jorge Lorenzo ( Spain ) Yamaha 41:08.143
5. Shinya Nakano ( Japan ) Honda 41:08.557
6. James Toseland ( Britain ) Yamaha 41:08.886
7. Andrea Dovizioso ( Italy ) Honda 41:09.423
8. Colin Edwards ( U.S. ) Yamaha 41:22.563
9. Randy de Puniet ( France ) Honda 41:22.680
10 . Loris Capirossi ( Italy ) Suzuki 41:23.442
11 . Toni Elias ( Spain ) Ducati 41:23.670
12 . Anthony West ( Australia ) Kawasaki 41:44.451
13 . John Hopkins ( U.S. ) Kawasaki 41:44.976
14 . Sylvain Guintoli ( France ) Ducati 41:45.542
15 . Chris Vermeulen ( Australia ) Suzuki 41:45.578
World championship standings : 1 . Valentino Rossi ( Italy ) Yamaha 332
2. Casey Stoner ( Australia ) Ducati 245
3. Dani Pedrosa ( Spain ) Honda 209
4. Jorge Lorenzo ( Spain ) Yamaha 182
5. Andrea Dovizioso ( Italy ) Honda 145
6. Nicky Hayden ( U.S. ) Honda 131
7. Colin Edwards ( U.S. ) Yamaha 126
8. Chris Vermeulen ( Australia ) Suzuki 118
9. Shinya Nakano ( Japan ) Honda 106
10 . Loris Capirossi ( Italy ) Suzuki 102
Other :
11 . James Toseland ( Britain ) Yamaha 100 250 cc race result : 1 . Marco Simoncelli , Italy , Gilera , 39 minutes , 02.553 seconds .
2. Alvaro Bautista , Spain , Aprilia , 39:02.776 .
3. Mika Kallio , Finland , KTM , 39:17.003 .
4. Julian Simon , Spain , KTM , 39:17.031 .
5. Alex Debon , Spain , Aprilia , 39:28.779 .
125 cc race result : 1 . Mike di Meglio , France , Derbi , 37:55.589
2. Stefan Bradl , Germany , Aprilia , 38:05.844 .
3. Gabor Talmacsi , Hungary , Aprilia , 38:08.695 .
4. Andrea Iannone , Italy , Aprilia , 38:08.738 .
5. Pol Espargaro , Spain , Derbi , 38:22.385 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Programming in Python 3 Summerfield , Mark English Addison - Wesley 2010 9780321680563
A textbook that teaches Python 3 programming .
https://www.qtrac.eu/py3book.html
Programming in Python 3 Book InStock
Programming in Python 3 ( Second Edition ) A Complete Introduction to the Python Language
by Mark Summerfield ISBN - 10 : 0321680561 – ISBN - 13 : 978-0321680563
A sample chapter is available free from InformIT — click " Sample Content " and then " Download the sample pages " .
This book teaches you how to write programs using Python 3 , the most up to date , powerful and flexible version of Python yet released .
Python 3 introduces many new idioms compared with Python 2 that make programming with it easier and at the same time helps produce clearer and more maintainable code .
Python 3 is a superb very high level language , that is very easy to learn and use even by relatively inexperienced programmers .
And once learned , Python 3 does not impose limits or restrictions , instead offering incredibly powerful and advanced facilities for those who want to learn and use them .
Python runs on Windows and most Unix - like operating systems such as Mac OS X , BSD , and Linux .
The book will be useful to people who program professionally as part of their job , whether as full - time software developers , or those from other disciplines , including scientists and engineers , who need to do some programming in support of their work .
It will also prove ideal for those Python 2 programmers who need to migrate ( or prepare to migrate ) to Python 3 .
The book is also suitable for students — the only prerequisite is some basic knowledge of programming in any language , for example , Basic , Java , or JavaScript , or of course Python itself .
The book focuses exclusively on Python 3 to avoid the risk of confusion with earlier versions .
However , existing Python 2 programmers might find my highly condensed Moving from Python 2 to Python 3 document ( 4 pages , PDF , 676K ) to be a helpful companion .
The book is 648 pages , and is published by Addison - Wesley Professional .
Previews are available from Safari , and the Introduction , all of Chapter 13 ( Regular Expressions ) , and the index is available from InformIT ( click the Sample Content tab and then the Download the sample pages link ) .
The book can be bought from amazon ( #ad ) and other online and local book stores .
Only the printed editions are definitive — although available in electronic formats , " ebooks " usually restrict your rights , and they are often retypeset which can introduce errors .
A legal PDF version is available from InformIT .
Translations are arranged by the publisher and their quality can vary considerably .
This second edition has been fully revised and updated to cover both Python 3.0 and Python 3.1 ( and is useful for all Python 3.x versions ) , and extended with new chapters on debugging , testing , and profiling , and on parsing ( with coverage of the third party PyParsing and PLY modules ) , as well as a new section on coroutines in the Advanced chapter .
After mastering this book , read Python in Practice to progress further .
Downloads
The source code is available in two formats , py3book30.tar.gz ( 293 K suitable for any platform ) , and py3book30.zip ( 403 K Windows line endings ) [ updated 2013-07 -26 ] — all the examples and code snippets have been tested with Python 3.0 , 3.1 , 3.2 , 3.3 , and 3.4 .
If you do n't care about Python 3.0 - compatibility , then you might prefer the Python 3.1 + versions of the examples : py3book31.tar.gz ( 293 K suitable for any platform ) , and py3book31.zip ( 403 K Windows line endings ) [ updated 2014-03 -23 ] .
There is also an Errata [ updated 2015 - 06 - 11 ] .
Table of Contents — the chapters also have exercises and summaries
Introduction
Chapter 1 . Rapid Introduction to Procedural Programming Creating and Executing Python Programs Python 's " Beautiful Heart "
Chapter 2 . Data Types Identifiers and Keywords Integral Types Floating - Point Types Strings
Chapter 3 . Collection Data Types Sequence Types Set Types Mapping Types Iterating and Copying Collections
Chapter 4 . Control Structures and Functions Control Structures Exception Handling Custom Functions
Chapter 5 . Modules Modules and Packages Overview of Python 's Standard Library
Chapter 6 . Object - Oriented Programming The Object - Oriented Approach Custom Classes Custom Collection Classes
Chapter 7 . File Handling Writing and Reading Binary Data Writing and Parsing Text Files Writing and Parsing XML Files Random Access Binary Files
Chapter 8 . Advanced Programming Techniques ( One example from this chapter inspired my Python Descriptors article . )
Further Procedural Programming Further Object - Oriented Programming Functional - Style Programming
Chapter 9 . Debugging , Testing , and Profiling Debugging Unit Testing Profiling
Chapter 10 .
Processes and Threading Using the Multiprocessing Module Using the Threading Module
Chapter 11 .
Networking Creating a TCP Client Creating a TCP Server
Chapter 12 . Database Programming DBM Databases SQL Databases
Chapter 13 .
Regular Expressions Sample Content tab and then the Download the sample pages link . )
( This chapter can be downloaded from InformIT — click thetab and then thelink . )
Python 's Regular Expression Language The Regular Expression Module
Chapter 14 .
Introduction to Parsing BNF Syntax and Parsing Terminology Writing Handcrafted Parsers Pythonic Parsing with PyParsing Lex / Yacc - Style Parsing with PLY
Chapter 15 .
Introduction to GUI Programming Dialog - Style Programs Main Window - Style Programs
Epilogue
Selected Bibliograpy
Index
Unsolicited Reader Comments
" I have read a good number of programming and technical books and your book is the best written programming / technical book I 've ever read . "
" I really enjoy your books !
Keep up the great work .
The industry needs more authors like you . "
" I am currently reading your book `Programming in Python 3 : A Complete Introduction to the Python Language , Second Edition ' , which I find very interesting and motivating . "
" I 've been learning Python 3 with `Programming in Python 3 ( 2nd ed. ) ' for some time now .
The book also makes for a good reference , with all those perfectly designed tables . "
" Enjoying the text , well done , well - edited ( noticed no typos either ) . "
Reviews ( for the First Edition )
See also my Python Programming Tips .
For more information on Python 3 see the Python website .
Like all my books and most of my other writings , this book was written using The Lout Typesetting System .
Your Privacy • Copyright © 2006 Qtrac Ltd. All Rights Reserved .
Top
The Georgia surge continues
The Atlanta Journal Constitution reported recently on disproportionate early voting among African - Americans .
Georgia does n't appear to be in play in the presidential election , but it tracks early votes contemporaneously ( and online ) , so it may be a useful bellwether for what 's happening elsewhere .
If it is , the news continues to be extremely good for Obama .
Early vote totals have now reached 499,582 -- more than 75,000 more than were cast early in all of 2004 , according to Matt Carrothers , a spokesman for the Secretary of State .
( The state is also newly encouraging early voting this year , so that 's a major factor in the overall increase . )
Most striking :
The ratio of African - American voters remains extremely high .
37 % of the early votes were cast by black voters , who make up just 29 % of the state 's electorate .
By Ben Cohen
Forget the credit crunch , the destruction of our natural environment is far more costly , says George Monbiot :
On Friday , Pavan Sukhdev , the Deutsche Bank economist leading a
European study on ecosystems , reported that we are losing natural
capital worth between $ 2 trillion and $ 5 trillion every year , as a
result of deforestation alone ( 1 ) .
The losses incurred so far by the
financial sector amount to between $ 1 trillion and $ 1.5 trillion .
Sukhdev arrived at his figure by estimating the value of the services -
such as locking up carbon and providing freshwater - that forests
perform , and calculating the cost of either replacing them or living
without them .
The credit crunch is petty when compared to the nature
crunch .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
It 's easy to forget about environmental issues when the economy is on the brink of collapse , but Monbiot reminds us that the two are not mutually exclusive :
The two crises feed each other .
As a result of Iceland ’s financial
collapse , it is now contemplating joining the European Union , which
means surrendering its fishing grounds to the Common Fisheries Policy .
Already the prime minister Geir Haarde has suggested that his
countrymen concentrate on exploiting the ocean ( 5 ) .
The economic
disaster will cause an ecological disaster .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
Recently I gave two talks at the Web 2.0 Expo in New York City and one for the Boston IxDA .
Learning Advanced JavaScript
An advanced talk on the JavaScript language .
Explored functions , closures , function prototypes , and inheritance .
The entire presentation was given using an interactive site / presentation ( tested in Firefox and Safari ) .
Feel free to browse through the presentation ( I ’m not sure how useful it will be without me talking about the particulars – but it may be nice ) .
There are a number of neat things that I like about the implementation of this talk :
It ’s interactive .
Each code slide is executable ( the user can see the output right away ) .
Additionally each slide is editable – just double - click the code to go into an edit mode .
Code editing is simple .
Basic IDE functions ( auto - indentation , proper tabbing , and backspace - to - delete - tab ) are included .
It ’s not a ton but it ’s enough to get started .
All code slides include syntax hilighting .
All slides are bookmarkable .
The presentation includes a number fill - in - the - blank quizzes to help test your knowledge of what you just learned .
In practice I may save this for situations in which more people have laptops / computers at the talk .
You can download the full presentation as a zip file .
Building a Visualization Language
I gave a talk on my work with Processing .js , together with covering how the Canvas element works and the Processing language itself .
During the talk I stepped through the construction of a visualization using Canvas :
j Query for the Boston IxDA
An introductory presentation explaining how jQuery works .
The meat of the presentation was a series of interactive slides which could be run and played with in order to better understand how jQuery works .
You can download the runnable code as a zip file .
Upcoming
I ’m going to be giving a number of talks this weekend at the jQuery Conference followed by The Ajax Experience , I ’ll be sure to post the slides and code from them , as well .
Bonus
Last week was the MIT Career Fair – I stopped by and worked the Mozilla booth with Boris , Brad , and Julie – a good time as usual :
12 deadly pathogens could spread into new regions aided by climate change
A report by Wildlife Conservation Society released on October 7 lists 12 deadly pathogens that could spread globally as a result of climate change .
“ All have potential impacts to both human and wildlife health as well as global economies . ”
Report said .
Titled ‘ The Deadly Dozen : Wildlife Diseases in the Age of Climate Change , ’ the report illustrates examples of diseases that could spread due to temperatures changes and variations in regional precipitation levels .
Gram - positive Mycobacterium Tuberculosis Bacteria
Under a high magnification of 15549x , this colorized scanning electron micrograph ( SEM ) depicted some of the ultrastructural details seen in the cell wall configuration of a number of Gram - positive Mycobacterium tuberculosis bacteria .
As an obligate aerobic organism M. tuberculosis can only survive in an environment containing oxygen .
TB bacteria become active , and begin to multiply , if the immune system ca n’t stop them from growing .
The bacteria attack the body and destroy tissue .
If in the lungs , the bacteria can actually create a hole in the lung tissue .
Some people develop active TB disease soon after becoming infected , before their immune system can fight off the bacteria .
Other people may get sick later , when their immune system becomes weak for another reason .
Babies and young children often have weak immune systems .
People infected with HIV , the virus that causes AIDS , have very weak immune systems .
Other people can have weak immune systems , too , especially people with any of these conditions : substance abuse ; diabetes mellitus ; silicosis ; cancer of the head or neck ; leukemia or Hodgkin ’s disease ; severe kidney disease ; low body weight ; certain medical treatments ( such as corticosteroid treatment or organ transplants ) ; specialized treatment for rheumatoid arthritis , or Crohn ’s disease .
[ Source : CDC – Caption : CDC / Dr. Ray Butler ; Janice Carr. Photo Credit : Janice Carr ]
“ The term ‘ climate change ’ conjures images of melting ice caps and rising sea levels that threaten coastal cities and nations , but just as important is how increasing temperatures and fluctuating precipitation levels will change the distribution of dangerous pathogens , ” said Dr. Steven E. Sanderson , WCS President and CEO .
“ The health of wild animals is tightly linked to the ecosystems in which they live and influenced by the environment surrounding them , and even minor disturbances can have far - reaching consequences on what diseases they might encounter and transmit as climate changes .
Monitoring wildlife health will help us predict where those trouble spots will occur and plan how to prepare . ”
The “ Deadly Dozen ” list [ ABC order ] :
Avian influenza Babesia Cholera Ebola Intestinal and external parasites Lyme disease Plague Red tides Rift Valley fever Sleeping sickness ( trypanosomiasis ) Tuberculosis Yellow fever
This micrograph of human liver tissue infected with the Ebola virus , the cause of Ebola hemorrhagic fever ( Ebola HF ) , depicts the hepatic histopathologic changes that occur due to this illness .
The Ebola pathogen is a member of the Filoviridae family of RNA viruses .
The exact origin , locations , and natural habitat ( known as the “ natural reservoir ” ) of Ebola virus remain unknown .
However , on the basis of available evidence and the nature of similar viruses , researchers believe that the virus is zoonotic i.e. , animal - borne , and is normally maintained in an animal host that is native to the African continent .
A similar host is probably associated with Ebola - Reston which was isolated from infected cynomolgous monkeys that were imported to the United States and Italy from the Philippines .
The virus is not known to be native to other continents , such as North America .
Source : CDC .
Caption and photo credit : CDC / Dr. Lyle Conrad ]
The report “ builds upon the recommendations included in a recently published paper titled ‘ Wildlife Health as an Indicator of Climate Change , ' ” which is featured in a new book , Global Climate Change and Extreme Weather Events : Understanding the Contributions to Infectious Disease Emergence , which was published by the National Academy of Sciences / Institute of Medicine .
The study examines the the impacts of climate change on wild animals and its implications for human health .
Related Links :
.
Dances with whales : Stunning pictures of the synchronised nine - ton orcas
By David Derbyshire
Last updated at 12:03 AM on 09th October 2008
They are probably one of the best , and certainly one of the heaviest , synchronised swimming teams in the world .
Peeping out above the waves , three nine - ton killer whales line up with incredible precision for a display of their talents .
And the real beauty of the performance is that it is enacted entirely in the wild .
Making a splash :
The three killer whales strike a remarkable pose in the waters of the North Pacific near North Vancouver Island
Killer choreography :
The orcas crash through the waves together
The orcas , each more than 20 feet long , were seen not at a sea life centre but in the Pacific , off Northern Vancouver Island in British Columbia .
They were pictured by wildlife photographer Rolf Hicker , who has spent 15 years watching them hunt and play .
' There is hardly anything more beautiful than to be in a small boat with the engine off , and to see these creatures break through the surface , ' says Hicker , 42 .
Hold it for the cameras : A family of orcas break the surface and rest side by side
Hold it for the cameras : A family of orcas break the surface and rest side by side
Despite their awesome size and fearsome reputation , orcas are friendly , inquisitive and bright .
They are not true whales but the largest members of the dolphin family .
The killer tag comes from their ravenous hunger for fish , squid , and warm - blooded mammals including seal , dolphins , porpoises and whales .
Orcas are sociable creatures , living in small family groups called pods , which follow their prey around the world 's oceans , hunting in packs like wolves and devouring 500 lb of food a day .
They are as happy in the chilly waters of the Arctic and Antarctic as they are in the tropics , but have occasionally been spotted off the north and west coast of Britain in June and July , when seals start having pups .
Fun times : A young male Orca surfing at high speed beside a 48 passenger whale watching boat
Amazing show :
Two surfing killer whales in British Columbia , Canada .
Peeking above the waves in perfect synchronisation
In Scotland , they have been captured on film leaping on the beach - and risking becoming stranded - in order to snatch dozing seals .
North Vancouver Island is a whale watcher 's paradise , with orcas constantly in evidence .
' The resident Orcas travel in large family groups of about six to ten and are renowned for visiting special beaches in the summer to feed on salmon , ' explains Hicker .
' Then there are the transient Orcas - single animals or small groups , who mainly come together to hunt .
These resident Orcas cast a magnificent sight lining up with almost natural military precision
' They can be found between California and Alaska and travel more , and further than , the resident whales , feeding on seals , dolphins , other whales , other marine mammals .
' The third group of Orcas , the so - called offshore Orcas rarely come near the land .
' But when they are seen it is quite a sight and you can see a group of up to 80 feeding on marine mammals as well as fish and even sharks . '
Husband hacked wife to death with meat cleaver after she changed Facebook status to single
Murdered : Emma Forrester was hacked with a meat cleaver by her husband .
He claimed he was provoked when she changed her marital status to ' single ' on Facebook
A husband who hacked his wife to death with a meat cleaver in fury over her Facebook entry was jailed for a minimum of 14 years at the Old Bailey today .
Wayne Forrester , 34 , drank alcohol and took cocaine before driving 15 miles to the family home to attack wife Emma as she lay in bed .
The couple had separated four days before the murder in February and Forrester later told police he had been provoked by his wife changing her marital status to " single " on her Facebook entry , the court heard .
Forrester , a HGV driver , admitted murder in February this year in New Addington , near Croydon .
Emma was found in a pool of blood after neighbours were woken at 6.30 am by her screams .
Near her body was a large kitchen knife and in another room a blood - soaked meat cleaver .
Jailing him for life , the Common Serjeant of London Brian Barker QC said : " Your wife ended the relationship .
Your reaction was one of anger and resentment .
" There is no possible excuse or justification .
" This is a tragic killing of a young woman and what you have done has called untold anguish . "
The court heard that the Forresters had a " volatile and unstable marriage characterised by periods of separation and reconciliation " .
Alex Lewis , prosecuting , said that while Forrester was in and out of work and cared little for family life , his wife took two jobs to make ends meet .
Her parents supported the pair financially and moved home closer to them to help their daughter .
Four days before the murder Forrester moved out of the family home to stay with his sister in Paddington .
He repeatedly called home and threatened to kill her .
Ms Lewis said : " He was angry about an entry on Facebook he said made him look like a fool as she had advertised her marital status as single .
He accused her of having an affair . "
Agony : Emma 's parents Frances and Robert Rothery at the Old Bailey today
Forrester drove to Croydon armed with the knife and meat cleaver and forced the front door open .
After neighbours called 999 he emerged from the house covered in blood and holding a carton of juice .
When the police arrived he held his arms out for handcuffs and told them : " Who called you ?
My wife is in there .
I killed her . "
Inside the house they found Mrs Forrester 's body with a large wound in her neck .
Two bannister rails had been broken off and there were clumps of long brown hair outside the bedroom .
She had multiple wounds to her neck and head and defence wounds to her arms showing she had fought to ward off the blows .
Forrester later handed detectives a prepared statement in which he said : " She forced me out of the family home and posted messages on the internet website telling everybody she had left me and was interested in meeting other men . "
He went on : " The whole incident seemed a blur .
I felt I was watching somebody else attacking Emma . "
In an impact statement the victim 's sister Eliza Rothery said the family had been devastated by the murder .
Peter Dahlsen , defending , said Forrester felt " a deeply held remorse " .
Synopsis : Lenovo's IdeaPad S10 is a 10 " Netbook that sports low power consumption , ultra-portability , respectable performance and a well rounded feature set .
It 's built on Intel 's new low - power Atom processor .
Taking on such challengers as Asus ' Eee PC and the MSI Wind , Lenovo offers this svelte machine for a modest $ 399 entry price point .
While the S10's keyboard is a little cramped for a 10 " netbook , we liked the machine 's , build quality , fit and finish , and super - crisp LCD .
Gallery :
Click for full view
It 's been 7 years since 9/11 and , yet , it 's really quite remarkable how we have done very little to recast our relationship with Saudi Arabia .
I bring this up because a couple days ago , one of Saudi Arabia 's most senior judges declared that the owners of " immoral " Satellite channels could essentially be murdered for their sins .
The thing is all of us know that Saudi Arabia is a pernicious force in the Muslim world , continuing to propagate extreme interpretations of Islam .
It is also one of the most authoritarian countries in the world , right up there with Burma , Libya , Syria , and North Korea .
Yet we just signed a multi-billion arms deal with the Saudis earlier this year .
It is really quite remarkable when you think about it how little this has been talked about by the presidential campaigns .
But then again , there has n't really been much discussion this election season about much on the Middle East besides Iraq / Iran , even though those two countries are two parts of a much bigger problem .
Saudi Arabia would be an obvious place to start , since most reasonable people can agree that our relationship with the Saudis is problematic not just from a moral standpoint , but also from the perspective of U.S. national security interests .
Retired farmer Jim Mohr of Lexington , Ill. , rattled off a tankful of reasons why pump prices may be falling , including the end of the summer travel season and the fact that no major hurricanes have disrupted Gulf of Mexico output .
“ But I think the big important reason is Republicans want to get elected , ” Mohr , 66 , said while filling up for $ 2.17 a gallon .
“ They think getting the prices down is going to help get some more incumbents re-elected . ”
Almost half of all Americans believe the November elections have more influence than market forces .
For them , the plunge at the pump is about politics , not economics .
It seems that every election season , conspiracy theories arise that the oil companies are trying to bring down gasoline prices in order to influence elections .
The thinking is that oil companies tend to favor Republicans ( true ) and that they bring prices down to help Republican candidates .
When I hear this sort of talk , I try to explain to people that U.S. oil companies control so little of the world oil market that there is n't much they can do to influence prices .
They simply do n't have the stroke that people think they have .
No doubt that incumbents like to see gas prices falling ahead of an election .
But having any real power to influence price is a different matter .
Since gas prices are once again falling as we head toward an election , I thought I would try to put this myth to rest .
So , I decided to tabulate the price behavior of gasoline stretching back over the past three presidential elections .
I chose to track the price from the beginning of summer driving season - Memorial Day - until the first part of November when the elections take place .
The results are shown below :
Year Memorial Day November 1 % Change Comments 1996 $ 1.32 $ 1.27 - 3.8 Presidential election ( PE ) 1997 $ 1.26 $ 1.22 - 3.2
No elections ( NE ) 1998 $ 1.11 $ 1.05 - 5.4 Congressional elections ( CE ) 1999 $ 1.15 $ 1.27 10.4 NE 2000 $ 1.58 $ 1.57 - 0.6 PE 2001 $ 1.74 $ 1.25 - 28.2 NE ; 9/11 2002 $ 1.43 $ 1.49 4.2 CE 2003 $ 1.53 $ 1.58 3.3 NE 2004 $ 2.09 $ 2.08 - 0.5 PE 2005 $ 2.14 $ 2.42 13.1 NE ; Hurricane Katrina 2006 $ 2.94 $ 2.25 - 23.5 CE ; refining capacity recovers 2007 $ 3.25 $ 3.06 - 5.9 NE ; gas prices set records 2008 $ 3.99 ? -?
PE ; gas prices set records
Table 1 . Comparison of Gasoline Prices Between Memorial Day and Elections Source : Energy Information Administration
Personally , I think one would be hard - pressed to find a pattern there .
The biggest price drop happened in a non-election year , albeit it was an anomaly caused by 9/11 .
Of the thirteen years recorded , gasoline prices fell between Memorial Day and November during nine of the years .
This is what I generally tell people : Prices fall for seasonal reasons , and do so even when there are no elections .
The reason prices fall is that demand for gasoline falls after the summer .
The price generally peaks in early summer , and following Labor Day in early September the price falls .
( The details of why this generally occurs was explained in The Transition to Winter Gasoline ) .
Of the presidential election years , the price fell in 1996 when President Clinton was running for reelection , was essentially unchanged in 2000 and 2004 when President Bush ran against Al Gore and then John Kerry , and will almost certainly fall this year as oil prices pull back from their record highs .
In fact , if you take out the major anomalies on the graph - the slowdown caused by the 9/11 attacks , and the 2005 run-up of price in the wake of Hurricane Katrina , followed by easing in 2006 as refineries recovered , the truth is that gas prices usually do n't change dramatically between May and November - election year or not .
So why does this myth persist ?
There are a couple of reasons I can think of , but I think they generally fall under the category of confirmation bias .
There really is n't a strong pattern of gas price behavior ( other than a stair - step up year after year ) ; people just notice it more in an election year .
In addition , because prices rise and fall over the course of any year , you can always point to a price drop in an election year to support possible biases .
But if you use objective analyses ( e.g. , start and stop the price check on the same date every year ) the non-pattern becomes obvious .
Had I allowed my dates to be variable , no doubt I could have shown prices falling during any election year .
Or , I could have shown them rising .
As for the idea that the president has that much power , all he can really do is go with his hat in hand and beg the Saudis to pump more oil in an attempt to ease prices .
OPEC has indeed had historical pricing power , but even that is eroding as spare capacity dwindles .
But the idea that Bush can pull any strings and get Big Oil to manipulate gas prices demonstrates that people give him , and Big Oil for that matter , far too much credit .
Besides , as Joanne Shore , an analyst at the EIA noted in the previously linked article “ What company in their right mind would step forward to kill their profit ? ”
I wo n't go so far as to say that gas and oil prices can't be manipulated .
OPEC as a group can manipulate prices if they still have a couple million barrels of spare capacity .
But U.S. oil companies do not have the power to manipulate prices to impact elections .
I would further argue that for those who do think oil prices are presently being manipulated down , do you also believe that they were being manipulated upward as they rose to near $ 150 / bbl ?
After all , that manipulation argument can cut both ways .
That ’s right – for just $ 60 a week , I ’ve bought myself some time to chase after some dreams : working out , playing guitar , and of course writing .
For $ 60 I managed to free up 10 hours every week !
Imagine what you could do with just one of your long term goals with 10 hours a week .
How about time to exercise ?
More time to spend with people you care about ?
Or if you ’re working too hard – maybe even just catching up on sleep !
But I ’m getting ahead of myself .
Let me explain to you not just how I freed up 10 hours a week – but also the thought process for how I got here
Where Was My Time Going ?
To find out where my time was going , I painstaking logged everything I did for a month – from the time I woke up , to the time I went to bed .
And I discovered I was spending lots of time :
Cooking Washing dishes – especially hand - wash items Shopping – including grocery shopping Driving out to get take out
All told , these tasks took anywhere from 9 - 15 hours a week , for an average of 12 hours a week .
That was simply too much time .
Sometimes I do enjoy cooking or getting take out – but would n’t it be nice to not have to do it every week ?
How Could I Save Time ?
I thought through a few different alternatives :
Eat out for every meal – Pros : Very convenient !
Cons : Expensive , Not Always
Healthy , Time Consuming Ordering in bulk for take out – Pros : Relatively inexpensive .
Cons : Not Always
Healthy , Lack Variety
Hire someone to cook for me – Pros : Variety , Healthy , Possibly Inexpensive .
Cons : Perhaps More Expensive , Need To Hire Someone .
I decided on option 3 : hire someone to cook for me ..
My reasoning was hopefully I could find someone who would come to my home to cook , and could even do dishes , laundry , and other general chores .
Advertisement : I recently release my advanced video training course , The Outsource Solution .
I cover everything from how to determine what to outsource , to hiring , training and managing assistants .
Check it out
Time To Find a Cook
Having chosen my plan of action , I went to Craig ’s List and researched full time chef / cooking jobs .
I learned the average wages paid were $ 9 - 14 an hour .
Based on this , I decided I would hire someone twice a week for 2 hours at a time , and pay $ 15 an hour , plus costs for ingredients .
I posted an ad detailing the position on Thursday night , fell asleep and expected to wake up with a handful of applicants .
After all , how many prospective cooks could there be who needed a few hours of sporadic work each week ?
Well , it turns out .. quite a few !
When I woke up I had over 30 emails already .
By the time I finally took the ad down ( posted in “ gigs ” ) later that weekend , I had received over 70 applicants .
I was stunned .
We Have a Winner !
After corresponding back and forth with a few of them over the weekend , I finally settled on one who I ’ll call “ Casey ” .
Casey proposed that she would cook additional food at home when she was preparing meals for her family and bring them by my apartment twice a week .
I no longer cared about the dishes or other chores – if she was able to cook at home and deliver the food directly , that was even better !
She suggested a menu with various healthy meals she would prepare for the first couple weeks , and was flexible on the drop off time to meet my schedule .
Casey was organized , and clearly understood exactly what I was looking for : simplifying my life .
We had a winner !
The Results
This was a fantastic experiment .
Outsourcing experiments do n’t always work out – but this one certainly did .
Just a handful of the benefits included :
Never having to go out shopping “ just for groceries ” anymore
The first time in years I had fruits and vegetables fresh from the farmers market .
Eating healthier and cheaper than if I was eating out at restaurants .
cheaper than if I was eating out at restaurants .
Best of all – it freed up over 10 hours a week that I did n’t have before .
The bottom line – outsourcing does n’t always have to be complicated , work related , or involve international virtual assistants .
Hiring locally for personal outsourcing can pay off as well – and free up time to do things you love .
Need more time ?
I can help .
Read the details about my new course The Outsource Solution .
You ’ll learn you how to outsource your tasks , so you can turn small amounts of money into large amounts of time .
Spend more time with people you care about , and doing the things you love .
Click To Learn More
Enjoy this article ?
You should Tweet This and share it with your friends , or feel free to share it however you like using this shortened link :
http://j.mp/mydreams
Further Reading :
I missed the Boy Scouts callout when I was kid .
Perhaps that ’s why it took me 20 years to figure out a knot that keeps my shoes tied all day .
My recent attempt at starting a campfire required a propane torch .
Despite my shortcomings , I felt a connection to the Scouts while reading this :
It ’s not enough to write the code well .
The code has to be kept clean over time .
We ’ve all seen code rot and degrade as time passes .
So we must take an active role in preventing this degradation .
The Boy Scouts of America have a simple rule that we can apply to our profession .
If we all checked - in our code a little cleaner than when we checked it out , the code simply could not rot .
The cleanup does n’t have to be something big .
Change one variable name for the better , break up one function that ’s a little too large , eliminate one small bit of duplication , clean up one composite ‘ if ’ statement .
Can you imagine working on a project where the code simply got better as time passed ?
Do you believe that any other option is professional ?
Indeed , is n’t continuous improvement an intrinsic part of professionalism ?
[ Clean Code , p14 ]
While reading this , I was reminded of another gem :
Well - designed code looks obvious , but it probably took an awful lot of thought ( and a lot of refactoring ) to make it that simple .
[ Code Craft , p247 ]
Both sound great , but they have a sort of “ Do n’t forget to floss ” ring to them .
We ’ve heard for years that refactoring helps improve code , but actually doing it can sometimes feel too daunting .
It ’s just a fact that a lot of the code we deal with on a daily basis does n’t have enough test coverage , if there are any tests at all , to have us feel fully confident with many changes that we make to our code .
But a Scout would n’t let the sad state of some parts of the code get him down .
A Scout would always have his nose out for stinky code to clean up so that he could get a teeny bit of satisfaction knowing that he checked - in code that was better than when he checked it out .
This is n’t a new idea ; it ’s just a matter of realizing how easy it is .
Examples
There ’s a lot of low - hanging fruit in a typical code base .
Over months of development , the top of a C# file might look like this :
using System .
Linq ; using System ; using System .
Collections .
Generic ; using Moserware .IO ; using System .
Diagnostics ; using System .Text.RegularExpressions ; using System .
Text ; using System .
Threading ;
This is a messy way to introduce your code .
With just a simple click in Visual Studio , you can have it automatically remove clutter and sort things to get something nicer :
using System.Text.RegularExpressions ; using System .
Threading ; using Moserware .IO ;
For a three second time investment , you ’ll leave the file slightly better than you found it .
With a free add - in , you can do this for your entire project in about the same amount of time .
Different team members can often work in the same class and you ’ll end up with member variable declarations that identify each person ’s style :
public class CircularBuffer < T > { T [ ] m_array ; private object syncRoot = new object ( ) ; private int _HeadIndex ; private int m_TailIndex ; ...
This can easily be made consistent in few seconds :
public class CircularBuffer < T > { private T [ ]
_ Array ; private int _HeadIndex ; private int _TailIndex ; private object _ SyncRoot = new object ( ) ; ...
Changing a line like this :
if (( i >= minAmount ) && ( i <= maxAmount ) )
to use number - line order :
if ( ( minAmount <= i ) && ( i < = maxAmount ) )
makes the code slightly more visual and easier to read .
Introducing an explaining variable can turn :
private static DateTime GetElectionDay ( int year ) { DateTime startDate = new DateTime ( year , 11 , 1 ) ; //
Get the first Tuesday following the first Monday if ( startDate .
DayOfWeek <= DayOfWeek .
Monday ) { //
Current day of the week is before Tuesday return startDate .
AddDays ( DayOfWeek .
Tuesday - startDate .
DayOfWeek ) ; } else { //
Current day of the week is Tuesday or after return startDate .
AddDays ( 7 - ( startDate .
DayOfWeek - DayOfWeek . Tuesday ) ) ; } }
into a slightly more maintainable version that does n’t need comments :
private static DateTime GetElectionDay ( int year ) { DateTime nov1 = new DateTime ( year , 11 , 1 ) ; int daysUntilMonday ; if ( nov1 .
DayOfWeek < DayOfWeek .
Tuesday ) { daysUntilMonday = DayOfWeek .
Monday - nov1 .
DayOfWeek ; } else { daysUntilMonday = 6 - ( nov1 .
DayOfWeek - DayOfWeek .
Tuesday ) ; } DateTime firstMonday = nov1 .
AddDays ( daysUntilMonday ) ; return firstMonday .
AddDays ( 1 ) ; }
Along these lines , I tend to agree with Steve Yegge ’s observation :
The [ Refactoring ] book next tells me : do n’t comment my code .
Insanity again !
But once again , his explanation makes sense .
I resolve to stop writing one - line comments , and to start making more descriptive function and parameter names .
By themselves , each of these refactorings almost seems too simple .
But each leaves your code in a slightly better place than you found it thereby qualify as a “ Boy Scout Check - In . ”
Be Careful
We ’ve probably all heard horror stories of some poor programmer who changed just “ one little character ” of code and caused rockets to explode or billion dollar security bugs .
My advice is to not let that be you .
Write more tests and use code reviews if that helps .
Just do n’t let it be an excuse to not do something .
Boy Scout Check - ins should be short and measured in minutes for how long they take .
Get in and out with slightly better code that fixed one small thing .
Try hard not to fix a bug or add a feature while doing these small check - ins or you might face the wrath of your coworkers as Raymond Chen points out :
Whatever your changes are , go nuts .
All I ask is that you restrict them to “ layout - only ” check -ins .
In other words , if you want to do some source code reformatting and change some code , please split it up into two check - ins , one that does the reformatting and the other that changes the code .
Otherwise , I end up staring at a diff of 1500 changed lines of source code , 1498 of which are just reformatting , and 2 of which actually changed something .
Finding those two lines is not fun .
Avoid Cycles
One subtle thing to realize is that you do n’t want to get lost in an infinite loop with a coworker of mutually exclusive changes .
This is easy since good people can disagree .
For instance , compare :
Use ‘ final ’ or ‘ const ’ when possible By declaring a variable to be final in Java or const in C++ , you can prevent the variable from being assigned a value after it ’s initialized .
The final and const keywords are useful for defining class constants , input - only parameters , and any local variables whose values are intended to remain unchanged after initialization .
[ Code Complete 2 , p243 ]
and
I also deleted all the ‘ final ’ keywords in arguments and variable declarations .
As far as I could tell , they added no real value but did add to the clutter .
Eliminating ‘ final ’ flies in the face of some conventional wisdom .
For example , Robert Simmons strongly recommends us to “… spread final all over your code . ”
Clearly I disagree .
I think there are a few good uses for ‘ final ’ , such as the occasional ‘ final ’ constant , but otherwise the keyword adds little value and creates a lot of clutter .
[ Clean Code , p276 ]
Do n’t get bogged down with someone else on adding and removing ‘ final ’ or ‘ readonly ’ .
Just be consistent .
I ’m embarrassed to admit that in my earlier days , I might have “ cleaned ” code like this :
string headerHtml = " < h1 > " + headerText + " </h1 > " ;
into
string headerHtml = String .
Concat ( " < h1 > " , headerText , " < /h1 > " ) ;
or even worse :
StringBuilder sb = new StringBuilder ( ) ; sb .
Append ( " < h1 > " ) ; sb .
Append ( headerText ) ; sb .
Append ( " < /h1 > " ) ; string headerHtml = sb .
ToString ( ) ;
In this first case , I thought I was brilliant because I knew about the Concat method and thought it ’d give me faster code .
This is not true because the C# compiler special cases string concatenation to automatically do this .
The second example is painful because it ’s uglier and slower and it is n’t building a string in a loop where StringBuilders make a lot of sense .
After many dumb mistakes like this , I ’ve finally decided that if I ever have a doubt on which option to use , I ’ll pick the more readable one :
Write your code to be read .
By humans .
Easily .
The compiler will be able to cope .
[ Code Craft , p59 ]
Coda
Boy Scout check - ins are small steps that help fix the broken windows that we all have in our code .
When you look at your code , try to find at least one thing you can do to leave it better .
Eventually it becomes a game where everyone benefits .
These check - ins can often be a small reward for checking - in a large feature or fixing a nasty bug .
If you ’re pressed for time and ca n’t make the change now or you want to save it for when you can make the change across all your code , make a note to yourself .
I create empty change - lists in my version control system for this purpose .
This is also helpful if you find a bug and want to later complained that hand - washing took too long and “ wasted ” their precious time .
We all have our own pressures that might cause us to think that we can neglect basic code hygiene .
Over time , this snowballs into a mess that we ’ve all had to deal with .
Only you can make a difference in your code campground .
[ squeak - dev ] Building HydraVM from SVN ( on Windows )
On Sat , Sep 13 , 2008 at 10:49:59 AM -0700 , Joshua Gargus wrote : > Hi , > >
I checked out Hydra from SVN , and tried to build it with the normal > Win32 toolchain .
When I cd into winbuild / and type " make " , I get the > following error : > > Makefile : 42 src/plugins.ext :
No such file or directory > Makefile:43 src/plugins.int :
No such file or directory > make : ***
No rule to make target ' src/plugins.int '.
Stop. > >
I do n't have a src/ directory at all , so I guess that I 'm supposed to > use VMMaker to generate the sources .
I assume that I first have to > modify VMMaker by applying Win32VMMaker.st , but to which VMMaker ?
Which > image should I start with ( Croquet , Squeak - 3.10 , etc. ) ?
Which > repository should I pull VMMaker from ?
VMMaker is here : http://jabberwocky.croquetproject.org:8889/HydraVM
I 've heard it is supposed to work in any image , but I used a Croquet image just to be safe .
The instructions are in the availibility section of this page : http://squeakvm.org/~sig/hydravm/devnotes.html
-- Matthew Fulmer -- http://mtfulmer.wordpress.com/
Experts say piracy has become big business in the area Pirates who seized a Ukrainian ship off the coast of Somalia have reportedly demanded a ransom of $ 35 m ( £ 19 m ) to release the vessel and its crew .
The pirates also warned against any attempt to rescue the crew or cargo of the MV Faina , which is carrying 33 T - 72 battle tanks destined for Kenya .
But the Kenyan government later denied it had been issued with ransom demands .
A Russian Navy vessel is heading to the region and the US has said it is also monitoring developments in the area .
Ethiopia 's Prime Minister , Meles Zenawi , said he was concerned by the seizure of the military supplies on board the Ukrainian ship .
We are warning France and others who are thinking of carrying out a rescue that we have the power to reach them wherever they are
Januna Ali Jama
Alleged spokesman for the pirates " They could be used to destabilise the region , and the whole situation on the high seas is a matter of great concern for all of us , " he told reporters in New York before a meeting with US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice .
" We very much hope the international community will respond . "
The official Egyptian news agency , Mena , meanwhile has said that an Egyptian ship with 25 crew , which was hijacked by pirates earlier this month off the coast of Somalia 's semi-autonomous region of Puntland , had been freed .
A local official in northern Somalia said a Japanese cargo vessel had also been released after a ransom was paid .
International concern
In an interview with the BBC , one of the pirates , Januna Ali Jama , claiming to be speaking on their behalf , said they were prepared to negotiate with the Kenyan government , but would not release MV Faina unless the ransom was paid .
Battles and looting in Mogadishu Life in Somalia 's pirate town " We are warning France and others who are thinking of carrying out a rescue that we have the power to reach them wherever they are , " he said .
" We are demanding a ransom of at least $ 35 m . "
But later in a tersely - worded statement , a spokesman for the Kenyan government said they had not received any credible demands for a ransom to release the ship .
He went on to say that the government would not negotiate with what it called international criminals , pirates and terrorists , and said efforts to recover the hijacked ship and its cargo would continue .
The BBC's Karen Allen in Nairobi says there is growing international concern for the fate of the Ukrainian vessel , which went missing in what are considered some of the world 's most dangerous waters .
There are unconfirmed reports , our correspondent says , that it is currently being steered by the pirates towards ports just north of the Somali capital , Mogadishu - an area controlled by Islamist militants .
' Big business '
On Friday , Ukrainian Defence Minister Yury Yekhanurov confirmed that 33 Russian T - 72 tanks and " a substantial quantity of ammunition " were aboard the MV Faina .
The MV Faina was carrying a shipment of battle tanks destined for Kenya Ukraine 's foreign ministry said the ship had a crew of 21 and was sailing towards the Kenyan port of Mombasa .
The ship 's captain had reported being surrounded by three boats of armed men on Thursday afternoon , it said .
Earlier reports suggested that the cargo had been destined for south Sudan , but Kenyan government spokesman Alfred Mutua confirmed the tanks were heading to Kenya .
" The cargo in the ship includes military hardware such as tanks and an assortment of spare parts for use by different branches of the Kenyan military , " he said .
Security analyst Knox Chitiyo told the BBC the latest incident showed the waters off Somalia 's coast had become a " global security problem " .
" Piracy has become big business and there seems to be no concerted response to the problem , " said Mr Chitiyo , from the London - based Royal United Services Institute .
' Mother ships '
Authorities in Puntland say they are powerless to confront the pirates , who regularly hold ships for ransom at the port of Eyl .
Senior UN officials estimate the ransoms pirates earn from hijacking ships exceed $ 100 m ( £ 54 m ) a year .
Pirate " mother ships " travel far out to sea and launch smaller boats to attack passing vessels , sometimes using rocket - propelled grenades .
Last week , France circulated a draft UN resolution urging states to deploy naval vessels and aircraft to combat such piracy .
France , which has troops in nearby Djibouti and also participates in a multi-national naval force patrol in the area , has intervened twice to release French sailors kidnapped by pirates .
Commandos freed two people whose boat was hijacked in the Gulf of Aden earlier this month and in April , six arrested pirates were handed over to the French authorities for trial .
Russia announced on Friday it would start carrying out regular anti-piracy patrols in the waters off Somalia to protect Russian citizens and ships .
A warship was sent to the area earlier this week .
Somalia has been without a functioning central government for 17 years and has suffered from continual civil strife .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
When it comes to building your website with the most perfect design and usability , web templates always come in handy .
These ready - made web themes take the pain out of creating a website from scratch and come with all sorts of useful and advanced features .
To help you make the best choice among a gamut of different web templates , here are 50 of the best , free and high quality website templates that you can download and customize for your own use .
Check the following list for a brief detail on each template .
60 Free Beautiful PSD Website Templates to Download 60 Free Beautiful PSD Website Templates to Download Using free website templates is a great starting point for websites that are just starting out or running ...
Read more
App Starter is a multi-colored , single - page web theme , which works well to publicise your web or mobile applications .
It consists of six modifiable sections on its page .
Appy , a single - page template that comes with a modern web design .
This theme is well - suited for designing websites for mobile and web - based applications .
Asymmetry is a web template for creating business and portfolio websites .
Though it is a single - page theme yet it offers many features like an image slider , a counter , etc .
Avana is a responsive template , which is suitable for building websites for agency or creative portfolios .
It also works well to showcase photos , videos , and more .
Bow is a retina - ready web template , which is suitable for creating all types of business websites .
It offers features like drop - down menu , beautiful animation effects , etc .
Boxus is a colorful template for agencies of all types .
It has a unique design that makes your website look phenomenal , and you can highlight sections to gain attention .
Broadcast is a video gallery template with a large video banner .
This responsive theme is available in multiple colors and avails sections to showcase projects and more .
CA App Landing is a modern landing page template for promoting mobile applications .
It is also suitable for other products and includes pricing table , contact form , etc .
CallCenter is the latest multi-colored , one - page web template to create a business or consulting firm ’s website .
I liked its clean and minimalistic design template .
Casablanca is a one - page template to provide projects and team info , contact form , and more sections .
Also , it is mobile - friendly and shows smooth scrolling effects .
Creative Agency is a mobile - friendly template with a banner followed by sections for showcasing services and work portfolio .
It is suitable for building agency sites .
Datarc is a professional - looking website template for creative offices , digital firms , and technocrats .
It has many sections for portfolios , pricing tables , contact form , etc .
Dimension is a responsive template for creating sites with beautiful effects .
Its front page supports full - screen image and works well for making agency websites .
Drimo is a feature - packed template with eleven homepage designs .
It works best to create websites for showcasing applications , hosting services , gadgets , and more .
Dup is a website template for creative agencies , professionals as well as businesses .
Its homepage has eight sections and a stunning burger menu in the top corner .
Elevate is a responsive template with a modern and professional design .
This landing page template is retina - ready and packs in several web fonts and many integrations .
Fancy is a business website template with a wide text slider , skills section , testimonials section , and much more .
Along with the front page , it has templates for inner pages .
Folio is a responsive one - page template with filterable portfolio , contact form , scrolling animations , and modern design .
It works best to create a personal or portfolio site .
Full Motion is a responsive video gallery template , which comes with three beautiful homepage templates , font icons , and a clean design that works for any website .
Garler is a responsive photography template with multiple features such as integrated drop - down menu , full - screen layout , and social icons .
I liked its clean layout .
Glint is a stylish template for creative agency , photographers , or professionals .
Its retina - ready and comes with a contact form , portfolio section , and many more features .
Honest is a responsive website template , which is suitable for creating websites for online agencies .
It has sections for services , portfolio , blog posts , and contact info .
King is a template for building portfolio and landing page websites .
It has a unique design and features like a drop - down menu and an off - canvas mode for mobile users .
Launcher is a friendly website template , which is entirely responsive and works well for creating a clean and beautiful coming - soon website with a mailing - list feature .
Level is a website template for hotel or travel related websites .
Along with other features , it also has a section for making a booking with dates and other details .
Lhander is a landing page website template , which packs in modern design , web fonts , and few integrations .
It is super customizable and works best to showcase products .
Logic is a multi- purpose website template that is suitable for creating sites for agencies and startups .
This colorful template has services , contact , and more sections .
Luxe is an incredible template for hotel or travel websites .
Its features include drop down menu , image slider , smooth animations , parallax effect , and much more .
Magnum is a minimal , single - page template for building creative or personal portfolio websites .
It has a filterable portfolio , contact form , and About sections .
Mason is an orange - colored , single - page template for creating image or photography portfolio websites .
It also features timeline , contact , and About sections .
Massively is a responsive template with a simple yet attractive design .
It has a parallax background , various effects , awesome fonts , social media icons , and a contact form .
Maxisonix is a responsive template with mixed columns and multiple sections .
Its dark - on - light design and various page templates make it appealing and customizable .
Medical is a website template for healthcare organizations and medical professionals .
This elegant template also has an appointment form and a section for the services .
MobApp is a simple and customizable template for creating mobile app landing pages .
It has vibrant colors and flexible layout with download and pricing table sections .
Mosh is a website template for creative agencies to showcase their work and services .
This advanced template has a full - width slider and a filterable portfolio section .
Phaseshift is a colorful template with a soft bokeh background , flat icons , and vibrant photographs .
It offers popular sections to create a vibrant and beautiful website .
Philosophy is a template for creating blogs with a grid layout .
It has several inner pages and social media buttons with newsletter subscription and many more sections .
Photo is a responsive website template with multiple columns in masonry style .
As its name suggests , it is suitable for building art and photography portfolio websites .
Privy is a web template to create a personal portfolio , but it can work for building corporate websites as well .
Moreover , it has terrific grid style and color scheme .
Radius is a commendable photo gallery template with a masonry style grid .
Its layout is available in multiple colors , and it works stunning to showcase arts or photos .
Road Trip is a website template suitable for creating portfolio and presentation purpose websites .
It has various scroll effects , contact me form , and social media icons .
Robotics is a responsive , multi-colored template , which is designed and optimized for creating stunning websites .
I liked that it has a clean and modern interface .
SaaS is a retina - ready web template with attractive layout and features including a call - to - action section , pricing tables , testimonials , and many more sections .
Sierra is a professional and elegant website template .
It has features like a multi-color template with bright color layouts to create excellent websites for businesses .
Splash is a retina - ready template with a modern design .
It has wide layout , premium sliders , parallax blocks , eight homepage styles , and video background support .
Startr is an interactive landing page template , which is retina - ready , easy to customize , and features scrolling animations , parallax backgrounds , and more features .
Stellar is a premium , colorful , and responsive template .
It has multiple pages with a nice color scheme and various sections to create fantastic landing page websites .
Visualise is a single - page portfolio template with a functional lightbox .
This one column template is available in white and purple color , which looks quite professional .
Zeta is a template for creating websites for marketing and web designing agencies .
It has a contemporary design and features progress bars , testimonials , and more .
When journalists use the word " apparently , " or another favorite " reportedly , " they are usually distancing themselves from an event or an interpretation in the supposed interests of balance .
But I think we should read the " apparently " contained in a statement from the head of the United Nations , Kofi Annan , relating to the killing this week of four unarmed UN monitors by the Israeli army in its other sense .
When Annan says that those four deaths were " apparently deliberate , " I take him to mean that the evidence shows that the killings were deliberate .
And who can disagree with him ?
At least 10 phone calls were made to Israeli commanders over a period of six hours warning that artillery and aerial bombardments were either dangerously close to or hitting the monitors ’ building .
The UN post , in Khaim just inside south Lebanon , was clearly marked and well - known to the army , but nonetheless it was hit directly four times in the last hour before an Israeli helicopter fired a precision - guided missile that tore through the roof of an underground shelter , killing the monitors inside .
A UN convoy that arrived too late to rescue the peacekeepers was also fired on .
From the evidence , it does not get much more deliberate than that .
The problem , however , is that Western leaders , diplomats , and the media take the " apparently " in its first sense  as a way to avoid holding Israel to account for its actions .
For " apparently deliberate , " read " almost certainly accidental . "
That was why the best the UN Security Council could manage after a day and a half of deliberation was a weaselly statement of " shock and distress " at the killings , as though they were an act of God .
Our media are no less responsible for this evasiveness .
They make sure " we "  the publics of the West  never countenance the thought that a society like our own , one we are always being reminded is a democracy , could sink to the depths of inhumanity required to murder unarmed peacekeepers .
Who can be taken seriously challenging the Israeli foreign minister Tzipi Livni ’s assertion that " There will never be an [ Israeli ] army commander that will intentionally aim at civilians or UN soldiers [ sic ] " ?
Even the minority in the West who have started to fear that Israel is " apparently " slaughtering civilians across Lebanon or that it is " apparently " intending to make refugees of a million Lebanese must presumably shrink from the idea that Israel is also capable of killing unarmed UN monitors .
After all , our media insinuate , the two cases are not comparable .
There may be good reasons why Lebanese civilians need to suffer .
Let ’s not forget that they belong to a people ( or is it a race or , maybe , a religion ? ) that gave birth to Hezbollah .
" We " can cast aside our concerns for the moment and take it on trust that Israel has cause to kill the Lebanese or make them homeless .
Doubtless the justifications will emerge later , when we have lost interest in the " Lebanon crisis . "
We may never hear what those reasons were , but who can doubt that they exist ?
The " apparent " murder of four UN monitors , however , is a deeper challenge to our faith in our moral superiority , which is why that " apparently " is held on to as desperately as a talisman .
No civilized country could kill peacekeepers , especially ones drawn from our own societies , from Canada , Finland , and Austria .
That is the moral separation line that divides us from the terrorists .
Were that line to be erased , we would be no different from those whom we must fight .
An iconic image of this war that our media have managed to expunge from the official record but which keeps popping up in e-mail inboxes like a guilty secret is of young Israeli girls , lipsticked and nail - polished as if on their way to a party , drawing messages of death and hatred on the sides of the missiles about to be loaded on to army trucks and tanks .
In one , an out - of - focus soldier stands on a tank paternally watching over the girls as they address another death threat to Hezbollah ’s leader , Hassan Nasrallah .
Is this the truer face of Israeli society , even if it is the one we are never shown and refuse to believe in ?
And are " we " in the West hurtling down the same path ?
Driving through the Jewish city of Upper Nazareth this week , I realized how inured I am becoming to this triumphal militarism  and the racism that feeds it .
Nothing surprising about the posters of " We will win " on every hoarding .
But it takes me more than a few seconds to notice that the Magen David ambulance in front of me is flying a little national flag , the blue Star of David , from its window .
I have heard that American fire engines flew U.S. flags after 9/11 , but this somehow seems worse .
How is it possible for an ambulance , the embodiment of our neutral , civilized , universal , " Western , " humanitarian values , to fly a national flag , I think to myself ?
And does it make a difference that only a few months ago Magen David joined the International Committee of the Red Cross ?
Only slowly do my thoughts grow more disturbed : how many hospital administrators , doctors , and nurses have seen that ambulance arrive at their emergency departments and thought nothing of it ?
And is that the only Israeli ambulance flying the flag , or are many others doing the same ?
Later , the BBC TV news answers my question .
I see two ambulances with the same flags going to the front line to collect casualties .
Will others soon cross over the border into southern Lebanon , after it is " secured , " and will no one mention those little flags fluttering from the window ?
A psychologist tells me how upset she is about a meeting she attended a few days ago of the northern coordinating committee of her profession .
They were discussing how best to treat the shock and trauma suffered by Israeli children under the bombardment from Hezbollah .
The meeting concluded with an agreement that the psychologists would reassure the children with the statement : " The army is there to protect us . "
And so , the seeds of fascism are unthinkingly sown for another generation of children , children like our own .
No one agreed with my friend when she dissented , arguing that this was not the message to be telling impressionable minds , and that violence against the Other is not a panacea for our problems .
Parents , not soldiers , are responsible for protecting their children , she pointed out .
Tanks , planes , and guns bring only fear and more hatred , hatred that will one day return to haunt us .
The slow , gentle indoctrination continues day in , day out , reinforcing the idea among Israel ’s Jewish population that the army can do no wrong and that it needs no oversight , not even from politicians ( most of whom are former generals anyway , or like Prime Minister Ehud Olmert too frightened to stand up to the chiefs of staff if they wanted to ) .
" We will win . "
How do we know we will win ?
Because " the army is there to protect us . "
Add into the mix that faceless " Arab " enemy , those sub - beings , and you have a recipe for fascism  even if it is of the democratically elected variety .
The Israeli media , of course , are the key to providing the second half of that equation  or rather not providing it .
You can sit watching the main Israeli channels all day , flicking between channels 1 , 2 , and 10 , and not see a Lebanese face , apart from that of Hassan Nasrallah , the new Hitler .
I do n’t mean the charred faces of corpses , or the bandaged babies , or the amputees lying in hospital beds .
I mean any Lebanese faces .
Just as you almost never see a Palestinian face on Israeli TV unless they are the mob , disfigured with hatred as they hold aloft another martyr on his way to burial .
Lebanon only swings in to view on Israeli television through the black and white footage of an aerial gun sight , or through the long shot of a distant urban landscape seconds before it is " pulverized " by a dropped bomb .
The buildings crumble , flames shoot up , clouds of dust billow into the air .
Another shot of arcade - game adrenaline .
The humanitarian stories exist , but they do not concern Lebanon .
Animal welfare societies plead on behalf of the dogs and cats left alone to face the rocket fire on deserted Kiryat Shmona , just as they did before for foxes and deer when Israel began building its mammoth walls of concrete and steel across their migration routes in the West Bank , walls that are also imprisoning , unseen , hundreds of thousands of Palestinians .
The rest of the coverage is dedicated to Israeli army spokespeople , including the national heartthrob Miri Regev , and media " commentators " and " analysts . "
Who are these people ?
They are from the same pool of former military intelligence and security service officers who once did this job in the closed rooms of army HQ but now wallow in the limelight .
One favored pundit is even subtitled " Expert on psychological warfare against Hassan Nasrallah . "
And who are the presenters and anchors who interview them ?
The other day an aging expert on Apache helicopters interrupted his interviewer irritatedly to tell him his question was stupid .
" We were in the army together and both know the answer .
Do n’t play dumb . "
It was a rare reminder that these anchors too are just soldiers in suits .
One of the most popular , Ehud Yaari of Channel 2 , barely conceals his military credentials as he condones yet more violence against the Lebanese or , if he can be deflected for a moment , the people of Gaza .
That is what comes of having a " citizen army , " where teenagers learn to use a gun before they can drive and men do reserve duty until their late 40s .
It means every male teacher , professor , psychologist , and journalist thinks as a soldier because that is what he has been for most of his life .
Israel is not unique , far from it , though it is in a darker place , and has been for some time , than " we " in the West can fully appreciate .
It is a mirror of what our own societies are capable of , despite our democratic values .
It shows how a cult of victimhood makes one heartless and cruel , and how racism can be repackaged as civilized values .
Maybe those UN monitors , with their lookout post above the battlefield where Israel wants to use any means it can to destroy Hezbollah and Lebanese civilians who get in the way , had to be removed simply because they are a nuisance , a restraint when Israel needs to get on with the job of asserting " our " values .
Maybe Israel does not want the scrutiny of peacekeepers as it fights our war on terror for us .
Maybe it feared that the monitors ’ reports might help to give back to the Lebanese , even to Hezbollah , their faces , their history , their suffering .
And , if we are honest , Israel is not alone .
How many of us want the Arabs to remain faceless so we can keep believing we are the victims of a new ideology that wants only our evisceration , just as the " Red Indians " once supposedly wanted our scalps ?
How many many of us believe that our values demand that we fall in behind a new world order in which Arab deaths are not real deaths because " they " are not fully human ?
And how many of us believe that deliberate barbarity , at least when we do it , is only " apparently " a crime against humanity ?
