EARLY THIS MONTH the federal government launched the latest crude offensive in its so - called war on terror .
Titled the October Plan , the program called for " aggressive - even obvious - surveillance " of a wide range of individuals ( regardless of whether or not they 're suspected of any criminal wrongdoing ) until the Nov. 2 presidential election , according to an internal document leaked to the press .
The plan - a collaboration between the Federal Bureau of Investigation , Immigration and Customs Enforcement , and other agencies - involves renewed scrutiny of mosques and interrogations of people whose national origin , religious faith , or political leanings might , in the eyes of the feds , indicate even the most far - flung relationship to " terrorism . "
Immigrants and others interviewed by the FBI have been " questioned about immigration status - theirs and others ' - and about their political and religious views , " the National Lawyers Guild 's Stacey Tolchin said at an emergency press conference called by the San Francisco branch of the American Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee , the Bay Area Association of Muslim Lawyers , the NLG , and the American Civil Liberties Union of Northern California .
For staffers at these organizations , responding to these kinds of crackdowns has become alarmingly routine .
This is the fifth round of FBI " informal interviews " targeting immigrants based on their national origin , religion , and , increasingly , their political views .
No one knows just how many have been deported as a result of the interviews or of the various dragnets conducted over the past three years .
Local NLG attorney Nancy Hormachae reported that at least 13,000 people were forced into deportation hearings as the result of the notorious Special Registration program alone .
And the fact that none of these campaigns has proffered a single al - Qaeda operative has n't deterred the Bush administration a bit .
So far , immigrant Muslims and those from the Middle East and Central Asia have suffered the brunt of the Bush administration 's attacks on civil liberties .
But as NLG immigration attorney Mark Van Der Hout told me , " Going after immigrants is just the first step towards going after U.S. citizens . "
Indeed , a look at the past three years shows that Attorney General John Ashcroft 's offensive has widened to include a range of citizens whose only real crime is their opposition to the Bush administration 's policies .
The FBI Comes Calling
President George W. Bush , Aschroft , and company have made it easier to spy on everyday citizens without probable cause of criminal activity , even allowing for the indefinite detention of Americans dubbed " enemy combatants , " without charges or access to a lawyer .
They 've eviscerated laws meant to keep a wall between the CIA and the FBI and erected an extensive domestic - spying infrastructure , enlisting private citizens and relying on private industry to a degree never seen before .
Today federal agencies are maintaining a grand total of 10 domestic watch lists .
The Bush administration has shifted federal funding away from traditional law enforcement and toward domestic spying , explained John Crew , an attorney with the ACLU of Northern California specializing in police practices and surveillance issues .
" A lot of this activity is , in fact , being carried out by local police working with the Joint Terrorism Task Force , " he told me , explaining that those agents are considered " federalized . "
They report to the FBI .
Local city officials - even local police chiefs - are often not aware of what these " special officers " are doing .
As the Bush administration loosened professional standards for law enforcement , it simultaneously increased financial incentives for conducting surveillance , Crew continued .
" To qualify for grants , [ local law enforcement ] must have organizations in their locale that are threats , " he said .
" They have to justify their own budget by amplifying the threat factor . "
Here in San Francisco , the FBI was to assign 27 special agents - two with supervisory powers - to the San Francisco Police Department , according to a November 2002 agreement between the two agencies .
The SFPD was to assign one investigator from its Intelligence Unit to coordinate supervision of the special agents alongside the FBI 's two supervisory special agents .
" We usually do n't know what they 're really up to until many years later , if ever , " Crew said .
Details of just how law enforcement is making use of its expanded powers remain clouded in secrecy .
But one thing is clear : it does n't take much to earn a surprise visit from federal agents these days .
Just ask San Francisco resident Denver Duffer .
Duffer was questioned by a state trooper and a cop in Blair , Neb. , during a three - week road trip last month .
He had stopped to admire " a beautiful old railroad bridge over the Missouri River , " wrote former roommate and Daily Journal staff writer Peter Blumberg in the Daily Journal , and had taken a few photos on his point - and - shoot .
The officers had received several calls from concerned citizens reporting that a bearded Arab had been photographing the bridge 's foundations .
After grilling Duffer and rifling through his car and luggage , the officers let him go .
But three weeks later , two FBI special agents appeared at Duffer 's home .
The G - men let him off the hook after questioning him and Blumberg for 20 minutes and looking at the panoramic photos Duffer had shot during his trip .
But the visit raised a disturbing question : how did a false tip , checked out and then dismissed by local cops in Nebraska , wind up on the desk of FBI agents in San Francisco ?
Just a week before Duffer 's Nebraska run-in , 19 - year - old Derek Kjar of Salt Lake City had also found himself being grilled by two agents - at least one from the Secret Service - after a neighbor called the feds to report a bumper sticker on Kjar 's car that read , " King George - Off with his head . "
" They said it was ' borderline terrorism , ' " Kjar told Matthew Rothschild , a reporter for the Progressive 's online McCarthyism Watch .
Media reports have documented dozens of such incidents over the past three years .
Viewed piecemeal , these episodes are troubling enough .
But when considered alongside other disturbing patterns , they point to a much more insidious , Machiavellian offensive against everyday activists who dare to organize in opposition to the Bush administration 's draconian policies .
These patterns provide evidence that , despite official claims to the contrary , law enforcement may be directing much of its domestic antiterrorism efforts into COINTELPRO - style programs - keeping tabs on activists and otherwise assaulting legitimate dissent .
" If you 're going to start focusing on people not because they 're engaged in violent activity - if the focus of your approach is going to be because of the political views that they hold - then inevitably that 's going to lead to the kind of political disruption that was used in COINTELPRO , " Center for Constitutional Rights legal director Jeff Fogel told me .
" To me , that 's the logical result . "
The Criminal Quakers
A rash of scandals involving sinister , new intelligence outfits corroborate Fogel 's suspicions .
In March 2002 , the Denver ACLU filed a class action suit against the local police department that eventually uncovered proof that Denver cops had been monitoring and keeping files on more than 3,200 individuals and 208 organizations - the vast majority of whom posed no threat - despite a city policy prohibiting intelligence gathering not directly associated with criminal activities .
Among what became know in the local press as the " Denver spy files " were documents labeling the American Friends Service Committee , an 85 - year - old pacifist Quaker group , as one of numerous " criminal extremists . "
" We got , through discovery , documents indicating that the [ FBI 's ] Joint Terrorism Task Force was also collecting information about people 's peaceful activities - activities that solely involve political views , not criminal activity , " Mark Silverman , legal director for the Denver ACLU , told me .
One year after the " Denver spy files " scandal and closer to home , internal documents originally released in response to a public records request by the Oakland Tribune revealed that the California Anti-Terrorism Information Center - launched just two weeks after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks - had been monitoring protest activities throughout the state and had " issued 30 special advisories that mention political groups in the Bay Area alone , " reporters Ian Hoffman and Sean Holstege wrote in a July 15 , 2003 , article .
Included among the groups : the International Action Center , Direct Action to Stop the War , Not in Our Name , Critical Mass , Black Bloc , the Ruckus Society , the Bay Area Independent Media Center , and various environmental , animal rights , peace , and nuclear disarmament organizations .
The exposé prompted state attorney general Bill Lockyer to issue a series of guidelines banning California law - enforcement agencies from monitoring political and religious groups without reasonable suspicion of a crime .
New guidelines did n't come soon enough for members of Peace Fresno .
On Sept. 1 , 2003 , members of the antiwar group were surprised to find an obituary in the Fresno Bee for Aaron Stokes , a man they'd thought was part of their organization - but whom the paper identified as a local sheriff 's department officer .
As it turned out , Stokes ( who 'd died in a motorcycle accident ) had belonged to the Fresno County Sheriff Department 's Anti-Terrorism Unit .
He 'd infiltrated Peace Fresno and conducted undercover surveillance of the group and its members for six months .
" What they do with that information ... who knows , " Denver ACLU 's Silverstein cautioned .
Meanwhile , the FBI continues to issue secret Intelligence Bulletins similar to CATIC 's on a weekly basis .
The FBI requires law - enforcement agencies nationwide to keep an eye on " possible indicators of protest activity and report any potentially illegal acts to the nearest FBI Joint Terrorism Task Force , " according to a leaked FBI Intelligence Bulletin issued Oct. 15 , 2003 .
Preemptive Strikes
Paul Bame , a 45 - year - old software engineer in Fort Collins , Colo. , returned from his lunch break on July 23 to find a security guard waiting at his desk .
The guard escorted him to the building lobby , where FBI agent Ted Faul was waiting for him .
As it turns out , Faul had looked for Bame at home the evening before and spoken to one of his neighbors , then left Bame a phone message .
Bame had called back the agent in the morning and left a message on his voice mail .
Faul appeared at Bame 's work , unannounced , anyway .
The agent wanted to know if Bame - a pacifist who'd been arrested on minor infractions at the 2002 anti-World Bank and International Monetary Fund protest in Washington , D.C. , and at the anti-Free Trade Area of the Americas demonstrations in Miami last November - had knowledge of any plans to disrupt the Republican National Convention taking place a month later .
Faul warned the activist that it's a crime to have such knowledge and not disclose it .
He came equipped with a thin folder bearing Bame 's name .
" I was shaking with terror , " Bame told me in a phone interview .
" To visit my home , call , and visit me at work , all within an eight - hour work day , shows a sense of urgency , like he was tracking down a criminal . "
Faul decided not to push for an interview after Bame told him he would n't speak without a lawyer present .
But " his role was done when he came to the door , " Bame said .
" My feeling is that they wanted to make it known that they were watching .
Bame was just one of numerous activists approached by special agents in different parts of the country prior to the RNC .
But the campaign did n't end with these interviews .
Just a couple of weeks earlier , on Aug. 15 , the New York Times broke the story - leaked by someone inside the FBI - that six - person teams of federal agents had been assigned to trail 56 activists from around the country , beginning immediately and continuing until the end of the anti-RNC protest activities .
This reporter experienced the joys of being followed by what appeared to be undercover cops while in New York for the anti-RNC activities too .
( They denied being officers . )
I 'd met up with a small group of activists who'd called saying they were being followed for the third time .
The undercovers stalked the group everywhere we went , for hours .
They 'd mention details of where some of the activists were from and where they 'd been .
They harangued us - creating suspicion about us to people on the street and trying to instigate a confrontation ( see " The Intimidators , " 9/8/04 ) .
In fact , the campaign against activists that preceded the RNC was just one of the recent preemptive strikes in the weeks and months leading up to major demonstrations in the United States .
Three university students from Kirksville , Mo. , were among the targets prior to the Democratic National Convention in Boston .
They reported being trailed 24 hours a day and interrogated by the FBI in late July and " were then subpoenaed to appear before a grand jury on the very day they were planning to be in Boston for [ the protest ] , " Matthew Rothschild reported for The Progressive 's McCarthyism Watch Web site .
Agents also questioned their parents .
Of course , the government practice of keeping tabs on dissenters is nothing new .
In June 2000 , Bay Area anti-globalization activist David Solnit was stopped by Canadian officers after arriving in Windsor .
They had a printout about him provided by the FBI , Solnit told Bay Guardian reporter A.C. Thompson at the time .
Solnit wound up spending four days in the brink before being released without charges and warned to leave the country ( see " Big Brother Was Watching , " 10/18/01 ) .
Other outspoken advocates of nonviolent civil disobedience have had similar experiences while trying to travel to Canada or returning to the United States from abroad .
Their experiences indicate that the feds have been sharing intelligence on U.S. activists with other countries for some time now .
Starhawk and a friend were stopped by immigration agents when they flew into Ottawa , Canada , in 2001 .
She was allowed to enter the country after officials questioned her and checked her bags , but her friend was detained .
Records turned up as part of a lawsuit later filed by her friend showed that the Canadian officials had stopped Starhawk based on information about her arrest during the 1999 World Trade Organization demonstrations in Seattle , she said .
( She 'd been arrested for obstructing a pedestrian and spent five days in jail before the charges were dropped .
" I was never convicted of anything , " she told me . )
Starhawk , a 40 - year - old veteran of progressive movements , reported being stopped every time she flies into Canada now .
Five customs agents greeted her in Los Angeles as she exited a plane returning from the WTO protests held in Cancun little more than a year ago .
" There 's definitely been a dramatic escalation in these kinds of activities since [ the anti-WTO protests in ]
Seattle , and particularly since Sept. 11 , " Solnit told me .
" They 're criminalizing the concept of protest . "
I 've spoken with and received e-mails from numerous activists - in northern California , the Los Angeles region , Boston , New York , and New Jersey - over the past month detailing similar experiences .
They describe being approached by federal agents asking them to reveal protest plans and names of other activists , and being trailed .
" The only things we know about the October Plan is what 's been leaked , " Crew of the ACLU of Northern California said , adding that there are no guarantees that U.S. - born activists are n't being targeted as part of that surveillance scheme too .
Media Mouthpieces
During the week of the RNC protests in August , the New York - based Daily News published an article titled " Anarchists Hot for Mayhem , " cautioning New Yorkers about 50 activists in town to create havoc .
The New York Post published an equally scandalous report on some of the very same protesters .
" Finest Prep for Anarchy , " screamed the headline .
Solnit , Starhawk , and other prominent ( and avowedly nonviolent ) political organizers were on the list , their photos displayed prominently in the Daily News ' pages .
Solnit and Starhawk said nobody from the News or the Post ever called them for comment .
That kind of sensational behavior might be typical ( if inexcusable ) for the scandal - loving New York tabs - but it did n't end there .
ABC 's eminently respectable Nightline followed suit , in a segment titled " Vote 2004 : Protecting the Republican National Convention " featuring officers of the NYPD and the Secret Service .
On Aug. 31 , the same evening President Bush officially accepted the Republican Party 's nomination at Madison Square Garden , viewers across the nation watched Ted Koppel warn Americans about more than two dozen activists whom he referred to as " particularly troublesome , even dangerous anarchists who infiltrate other groups and then try to provoke violence . "
The segment included mug shots of the suspects , fed to the media by local authorities .
Solnit 's photo from when he'd been arrested at the FTAA protests in Miami was among them .
" That 's as serious as it gets , " CCR 's Fogel said .
" The same way they use the word ' 9/11 ' in connection with Iraq , without ever saying ' Iraq caused 9/11 , ' in the hopes that people will believe that there 's a connection between 9/11 and Iraq - it 's the same as the association of the word ' terrorism ' and protest activity .
The equation of the word ' anarchism ' with violence is an extraordinary equation .
I do n't know where that comes from except their desire to paint particular people with a particular viewpoint as being violent .
Because there is no connection between those two things . "
( Interestingly , Solnit does n't even describe himself as an anarchist . )
The consequences are two - fold , he said : to " discourage people from attending such demonstrations " and to " negate the impact the protest may have " by casting it in a negative light and characterizing organizers as thugs feeding into the terror threat .
The spoon - feeding of damaging material to the press is eerily reminiscent of what happened to Stanford University professor H. Bruce Franklin in the late 1960s ( see " They 're Watching , " page 19 ) .
Meanwhile , the feds continue to launch assaults against antiwar , grassroots media activists who try to get the other side of the story out .
At the behest of the Secret Service - the agency charged with coordinating the law - enforcement response for special security events - the Justice Department subpoenaed New York City 's Indymedia Center 's Internet service provider in August for records associated with a posting that included the names of RNC delegates .
Authorities subpoenaed San Antonio - based Rackspace , another IMC Web - hosting provider , demanding access to another of the group 's servers two weeks ago .
Rackspace handed over the data and shut down a second server used to stream various electronic radio programs , without a word to the IMC .
Both servers were situated in London , where Rackspace operates an affiliate company .
The move affected approximately two dozen IMC sites throughout the world .
Feeling Safer ?
Civil liberties watchdog groups obviously worry about the chilling effect these kinds of surveillance and crackdowns have on our faltering First and Fourth Amendments .
But they also insist that Ashcroft and company 's approach is n't making us any safer .
When law enforcement fails to distinguish between violent criminal activity and legitimate dissent - and when it favors collecting as much information on as many people as possible rather than useful intelligence resulting from bona fide criminal investigations - it's " choosing quantity over quality , " Crew said .
" You develop good leads by generating trust , not by disrespecting people 's rights .... [ And ] if you 're looking for a needle in a haystack , adding more hay does n't help any . "
The bills that have recently passed through the House and Senate in response to the 9 - 11 Commission 's findings , reorganizing intelligence gathering and expanding Big Brother 's reach even further into our everyday lives , just promise more of the same .
Bungie : Recon is our last Halo trilogy project Franchise 's original developer agrees next title will be " final statement " in the series for the company - but not necessarily for the brand
Phil Elliott Friday 10th October 2008
Share this article Share
Companies in this article Bungie
US - based developer Bungie has revealed to GamesIndustry .
biz that the newly - announced Halo 3 Recon , set for release next Autumn as an extension to the super - selling Halo 3 , will be the last project in the first - person shooter trilogy that the company plans to undertake .
Bungie is currently working on three separate projects , of which only the Halo title is so far known to the public , but according to community and PR director Brian Jarrard that team currently working on Recon wo n't continue to work on Halo projects in that series once the game ships .
" I do n't think so , " he said during an interview in Tokyo .
" We 've already put a couple of map packs out , we do have more maps on the way .
We actually have a Mythic map pack coming out early next year .
We do n't have firm details or a date yet , but we do have one more map pack coming out , and then we do have some maps associated with the actual Recon retail release .
" But I think when this project wraps up in a couple of months that will be the time when that team moves on to something else - part of that team will move on to something else and part of them will probably be absorbed into one of the other projects that are already on the way . "
And when asked if that meant Halo 3 Recon would be a " final statement " from Bungie as far as the Halo trilogy was concerned , Jarrard agreed .
" I think so , " he said - but did point out that the company has always supported its community , and has no plans to change that in the near future .
" We 've stood by this game , and we 're going to keep standing by it .
" Obviously apart from the retail products release we 're updating the matchmaking playlist every month on Xbox Live , we 're adding fun ' Double XP Weekends ' and we just rolled out a bunch of achievements that are all retroactive so people that bought our map packs previously now have about 250 new gamer points to go and achieve .
" So it 's fan service for us - the audience is there , they demand it , we 're still having fun with it , so we 're just going to keep going for as long as we can . "
The announcement of Halo 3 Recon was made during the Microsoft press conference at this year 's Tokyo Game Show , taking place at the Makuhari Messe until Sunday October 12 .
There is no word as yet on what the other projects Bungie is working on may be , but while one of them is definitely new IP , the other could be something different within the Halo universe .
Over the weekend , I asked Herman Daly , the specialist in “ ecological economics ” at the University of Maryland , about the recent financial turmoil .
He pointed me to a short piece he wrote that was posted on the Oil Drum blog a few days ago and that he gave me permission to post below .
It ’s mostly about economic theory , but does get at one of the keystone concepts explored here — which is how many people , consuming how much stuff , can one livable planet support ?
[ UPDATE 10 /14 : George Soros weighs in , too . ]
To Dr. Daly , the implosion after the burst of trading and investment in high - concept paper offerings was inevitable , and simply a reorientation of the market toward the only real economy — the one grounded in actual assets .
In the end , the only economy that ca n’t be gamed is one that is grounded in the way the Earth works .
That is where “ real wealth , ” and real limits , lie , he says .
This relates to the climate challenge .
The atmosphere is not an infinite dump , so if a trading system for carbon dioxide credits — like the recent financial bubble — does n’t actually lead to progress , we ’ll know it .
But the consequences are likely to be less reversible than those from a credit crunch .
Carbon dioxide , unlike the kinds of pollution wealthy countries dealt with in previous decades , is a persistent gas .
It builds like unpaid credit card debt .
The longer societies delay action , the bigger the climatic debt .
Maybe it ’ll all work out and the greenhouse warming from the buildup will be on the low end .
But maybe not .
The world tried a big financial gamble in recent years and the consequences are clear now .
How will the current climate bet play out ?
Another piece on the financial breakdown that is relevant to Dot Earth is Joe Nocera ’s sobering “ Talking Business ” column on human nature and speculative bubbles .
Are we doomed to irrationality in weighing risks and payoffs , whether financial or climatological ?
Isaac Newton got taken in by a bubble .
Below you ’ll find Professor Daly ’s short piece , The Crisis : Debt and Real Wealth :
The current financial debacle is really not a “ liquidity ” crisis as it is often euphemistically called .
It is a crisis of overgrowth of financial assets relative to growth of real wealth – pretty much the opposite of too little liquidity .
Financial assets have grown by a large multiple of the real economy – paper exchanging for paper is now 20 times greater than exchanges of paper for real commodities .
It should be no surprise that the relative value of the vastly more abundant financial assets has fallen in terms of real assets .
Real wealth is concrete ; financial assets are abstractions – existing real wealth carries a lien on it in the amount of future debt .
The value of present real wealth is no longer sufficient to serve as a lien to guarantee the exploding debt .
Consequently the debt is being devalued in terms of existing wealth .
No one any longer is eager to trade real present wealth for debt even at high interest rates .
This is because the debt is worth much less , not because there is not enough money or credit , or because “ banks are not lending to each other ” as commentators often say .
Can the economy grow fast enough in real terms to redeem the massive increase in debt ?
In a word , no .
As Frederick Soddy ( 1926 Nobel Laureate chemist and underground economist ) pointed out long ago , “ you cannot permanently pit an absurd human convention , such as the spontaneous increment of debt [ compound interest ] against the natural law of the spontaneous decrement of wealth [ entropy ] . ”
The population of “ negative pigs ” ( debt ) can grow without limit since it is merely a number ; the population of “ positive pigs ” ( real wealth ) faces severe physical constraints .
The dawning realization that Soddy ’s common sense was right , even though no one publicly admits it , is what underlies the crisis .
The problem is not too little liquidity , but too many negative pigs growing too fast relative to the limited number of positive pigs whose growth is constrained by their digestive tracts , their gestation period , and places to put pigpens .
Also there are too many two‐legged Wall Street pigs , but that is another matter .
Growth in U.S. real wealth is restrained by increasing scarcity of natural resources , both at the source end ( oil depletion ) , and the sink end ( absorptive capacity of the atmosphere for CO2 ) .
Further , spatial displacement of old stuff to make room for new stuff is increasingly costly as the world becomes more full , and increasing inequality of distribution of income prevents most people from buying much of the new stuff — except on credit ( more debt ) .
Marginal costs of growth now likely exceed marginal benefits , so that real physical growth makes us poorer , not richer ( the cost of feeding and caring for the extra pigs is greater than the extra benefit ) .
To keep up the illusion that growth is making us richer we deferred costs by issuing financial assets almost without limit , conveniently forgetting that these so ‐called assets are , for society as a whole , debts to be paid back out of future real growth .
That future real growth is very doubtful and consequently claims on it are devalued , regardless of liquidity .
What allowed symbolic financial assets to become so disconnected from underlying real assets ?
First , there is the fact that we have fiat money , not commodity money .
For all its disadvantages , commodity money ( gold ) was at least tethered to reality by a real cost of production .
Second , our fractional reserve banking system allows pyramiding of bank money ( demand deposits ) on top of the fiat government ‐issued currency .
Third , buying stocks and “ derivatives ” on margin allows a further pyramiding of financial assets on top the already multiplied money supply .
In addition , credit card debt expands the supply of quasi‐money as do other financial “ innovations ” that were designed to circumvent the public ‐interest regulation of commercial banks and the money supply .
I would not advocate a return to commodity money , but would certainly advocate 100 percent reserve requirements for
banks ( approached gradually ) , as well as an end to the practice of buying stocks on the margin .
All banks should be financial intermediaries that lend depositors ’ money , not engines for creating money out of nothing and lending it at interest .
If every dollar invested represented a dollar previously saved we would restore the classical economists ’ balance between investment and abstinence .
Fewer stupid or crooked investments would be tolerated if abstinence had to precede investment .
Of course the growth economists will howl that this would slow the growth of GDP .
So be it – growth has become uneconomic at the present margin as we currently measure it .
The agglomerating of mortgages of differing quality into opaque and shuffled bundles should be outlawed .
One of the basic assumptions of an efficient market with a meaningful price is a homogeneous product .
For example , we have the market and corresponding price for No. 2 corn – not a market and price for miscellaneous randomly aggregated grains .
Only people who have no understanding of markets , or who are consciously perpetrating fraud , could have either sold or bought these negative pigs‐in‐a‐poke .
Yet the aggregating mathematical wizards of Wall Street did it , and now seem surprised at their inability to correctly price these idiotic “ assets . ”
And very important in all this is our balance of trade deficit that has allowed us to consume as if we were really growing instead of accumulating debt .
So far our surplus trading partners have been willing to lend the dollars they earned back to us by buying treasury bills – more debt “ guaranteed ” by liens on yet ‐to‐exist wealth .
Of course they also buy real assets and their future earning capacity .
Our brilliant economic gurus meanwhile continue to preach deregulation of both the financial sector and of international commerce ( i.e. “ free ” trade ) .
Some of us have for a long time been saying that this behavior was unwise , unsustainable , unpatriotic , and probably criminal .
Maybe we were right .
The next shoe to drop will be repudiation of unredeemable debt either directly by bankruptcy and confiscation , or indirectly by inflation .
Cowed by the financial crisis , American consumers are pulling back on their spending , all but guaranteeing that the economic situation will get worse before it gets better .
In response to the falling value of their homes and high gasoline prices , Americans have become more frugal all year .
But in recent weeks , as the financial crisis reverberated from Wall Street to Washington , consumers appear to have cut back sharply .
Even with the government beginning a giant bailout of the financial system , their confidence may have been too shaken for them to resume their free - spending ways any time soon .
Recent figures from companies , and interviews across the country , show that automobile sales are plummeting , airline traffic is dropping , restaurant chains are struggling to fill tables , customers are sparse in stores .
When the final tally is in , consumer spending for the quarter just ended will almost certainly shrink , the first quarterly decline in nearly two decades .
Many economists , who began the third quarter expecting modest growth , now believe the cutbacks are so severe that the overall economy did not expand either , and they warn that a consumer - led recession could be more severe than the relatively mild one earlier this decade .
The United States is directly responsible for over one million Iraqi deaths since the invasion five and half years ago .
In a January 2008 report , a British polling group Opinion Research Business ( ORB ) reports that , “ survey work confirms our earlier estimate that over 1,000,000 Iraqi citizens have died as a result of the conflict which started in 2003 … .
We now estimate that the death toll between March 2003 and August 2007 is likely to have been of the order of 1,033,000 .
If one takes into account the margin of error associated with survey data of this nature then the estimated range is between 946,000 and 1,120,000 ” .
The ORB report comes on the heels of two earlier studies conducted by Johns Hopkins University published in the Lancet medical journal that confirmed the continuing numbers of mass deaths in Iraq .
A study done by Dr. Les Roberts from January 1 , 2002 to March 18 2003 put the civilian deaths at that time at over 100,000 .
A second study published in the Lancet in October 2006 documented over 650,000 civilian deaths in Iraq since the start of the US invasion .
The 2006 study confirms that US aerial bombing in civilian neighborhoods caused over a third of these deaths and that over half the deaths are directly attributable to US forces .
The now estimated 1.2 million dead , as of July 2008 , includes children , parents , grandparents , great - grandparents , cab drivers , clerics , schoolteachers , factory workers , policemen , poets , healthcare workers , day care providers , construction workers , babysitters , musicians , bakers , restaurant workers and many more .
All manner of ordinary people in Iraq have died because the United States decided to invade their country .
These are deaths in excess of the normal civilian death rate under the prior government .
The magnitude of these deaths is undeniable .
The continuing occupation by US forces guarantees a mass death rate in excess of 10,000 people per month with half that number dying at the hands of US forces — a carnage so severe and so concentrated at to equate it with the most heinous mass killings in world history .
This act has not gone unnoticed .
Recently , Dennis Kucinich introduced a single impeachment article against George W. Bush for lying to Congress and the American people about the reasons for invading Iraq .
On July 15 , the House forwarded the resolution to the Judiciary Committee with a 238 to 180 vote .
That Bush lied about weapons of mass destruction and Iraq ’s threat to the US is now beyond doubt .
Former US federal prosecutor Elizabeth De La Vega documents the lies most thoroughly in her book U.S. v. Bush , and numerous other researchers have verified Bush ’s untrue statements .
The American people are faced with a serious moral dilemma .
Murder and war crimes have been conducted in our name .
We have allowed the war / occupation to continue in Iraq and offered ourselves little choice within the top two presidential candidates for immediate cessation of the mass killings .
McCain would undoubtedly accept the deaths of another million Iraqi civilians in order to save face for America , and Obama ’s 18 - month timetable for withdrawal would likely result in another 250,000 civilian deaths or more .
We owe our children and ourselves a future without the shame of mass murder on our collective conscience .
The only resolution of this dilemma is the immediate withdrawal of all US troops in Iraq and the prosecution and imprisonment of those responsible .
Anything less creates a permanent original sin on the soul of the nation for that we will forever suffer .
More details of immigration raid in Mississippi , US
By Hiram Lee
29 August 2009
The number of those arrested in Monday ’s US Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) raid on a Laurel , Mississippi manufacturing plant is significantly larger than previous reports had indicated .
Approximately 595 arrests have now been confirmed , making this the largest immigration raid on a workplace in US history .
The raid , which saw workers from Mexico , Honduras , Guatemala , Peru , Brazil , El Salvador and Germany taken into custody , has terrorized the immigrant population of Laurel .
Fabiola Pena , a 21 - year - old mother , told the press about the moment the ICE agents stormed the Howard Industries factory : “ I was crying the whole time .
I did n’t know what to do .
We did n’t know what was happening because everyone started running .
Some people thought it was a bomb , but then we figured out it was immigration . ”
The aftermath of the raid has left the workers and their families traumatized and confused .
Bill Chandler , the executive director of the Mississippi Immigrants ’ Rights Alliance ( MIRA ) , told Reuters , “ People are very , very fearful .
People in the Latino community are afraid to go out of their homes .
In many cases they are afraid to go to work . ”
Families have been separated , in some cases with both parents of a child held in custody , leaving children suddenly without care .
“ If you have young children going to school , and they come home and find their parents gone , that is a major crisis , ” said Chandler .
The superintendent of schools in Jones County , where Laurel is located , says half of the 160 Hispanic students did not attend school on Tuesday .
The ACLU has begun to investigate the treatment of those arrested , sending staff from its Immigrants ’ Rights Project to Mississippi .
Attorney Mónica Ramírez , part of the team sent by the ACLU , released a statement saying , “ We are deeply concerned by reports that workers at the factory where the raid occurred were segregated by race or ethnicity and interrogated , the factory was locked down for several hours , workers were denied access to counsel , and ICE failed to inform family members and lawyers following the raid where the workers were being jailed . ”
Of the hundreds arrested in the raid , roughly 475 are now being held at an ICE facility in Jena , Louisiana , some 200 miles away from their homes and families in Mississippi .
The prison system of the ICE , the largest investigative arm of the Department of Homeland Security , is notorious for its record of abuse and neglect .
More than 60 immigrant detainees have died in ICE custody since 2004 .
More than a hundred of those arrested in Monday ’s raid are said to have qualified for an “ alternative ” to detention because of “ humanitarian reasons . ”
Most are under house arrest or have been given ankle bracelets for tracking purposes .
They will still have to face a federal judge and almost certainly be deported .
Eight workers arrested during the raid have been charged with federal aggravated identity theft and could face up to two years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine if convicted .
The defendants , six men and two women , appeared before Federal Magistrate Judge Michael J. Parker in a Hattiesburg , Mississippi courtroom on Tuesday in shackles and handcuffs .
They told the court , with the aid of an interpreter , that they could not afford their own attorneys and were each assigned Assistant Federal Defenders .
Appearing before the court again on Wednesday , all eight defendants were ordered to be held without bond .
When public defender Abby Brumley sought to have her client Paula Gomez released on bond to care for her 5 - year - old son who was sick , Assistant US Attorney Gaines Cleveland argued against her with the customary coldness , saying , “ She has been charged with a serious crime .
We need to keep this defendant until the charges are resolved . ”
Information is also coming to light that reveals the considerable damage done by the nationalist orientation of the trade union bureaucracies in the area .
There have been reports of tension between union workers and immigrant workers at the raided factory and that some of these workers applauded as the immigrants were being arrested .
The Associated Press spoke with union and immigrant workers who described resentments over the amount of overtime immigrant workers received — sometimes up to 40 hours per week — while union workers were discouraged from working overtime .
A union member is said to have given the tip to authorities that initiated the investigation of the plant .
Robert Schaffer of the Mississippi AFL - CIO responded to the raid in the way one might have expected : “ Jackson , Hattiesburg , Laurel and all areas along the coast , it ’s a little Mexico .
I ’m not against people trying to make living .
I have a compassion for those folks .
But at the same time , the taxpayers of Mississippi should n’t be subsidizing a plant that wo n’t even hire their own workers . ”
The anti-immigrant positions of the trade unions have only aided the efforts and cleared the way of the US Government to terrorize large sections of the working class with raids like those in Mississippi and Pottsville , Iowa earlier this year .
As we 've discussed already , Bill O'Reilly is pissed that people are calling him a hypocrite for bashing Jamie Lynn Spear 's parents for having their teen daughter knocked up , but refuses to do the same to Sarah Palin .
The latest to point out that hypocrisy was the Atlanta Journal - Constitution 's Cynthia Tucker .
As a result , O'Reilly sent a camera crew to ambush her at her home :
As Tucker stopped outside her house to pick up her mail , the Fox camera crew emerged out of a car parked across the street and advanced on her , yelling questions .
At this point , I ’ll turn the account over to Tucker for the blow - by - blow account , as she recalls it : O’Reilly guy : “ Cynthia , in your column , were you comparing Bristol Palin to Jamie Lynn Spears ? ” Cynthia : “ In my column , I was criticizing Bill O” Reilly .
And I stand by that . ”
O’Reilly guy : “ Bill pointed out that Jamie Lynn Spears was running around unsupervised .
You know that .
So you were saying that Bristol Palin was running around unsupervised . ”
Cynthia : “ If I said that , read that part .
You ’re holding the column ( in your hand ) .
Read where I said Bristol Palin was running around unsupervised . ”
O’Reilly guy : “ You inferred it . ” Cynthia : “ I inferred O’Reilly is a hypocrite .
And I stand by that .
Good day , gentlemen .
I ’m going inside to finish my Saturday chores . ”
Does O'Reilly really want to maintain that the difference between Jamie Lynn and Bristol is that the Spears daughter was " running around unsupervised " ?
Because if O'Reilly insists that Bristol , to the contrary , was supervised , then how exactly did she get knocked up ?
It would follow that ... yeah .
Gross .
And somehow , I really , really doubt that 's what happened .
O'Reilly is a hypocrite , he 's been busted as such , and rather than let it go and ignore , he keeps digging his hole deeper .
For the past three years I 've been running a one - man games company from home , programming games and selling them direct to gamers all over the world .
Over that three years I discovered that all of my games were being pirated and ' shared ' online .
It 's pretty hard to describe the feeling of finding your work pirated .
The worst cases are where the person copying and posting your game on the internet insists other pirates ' thank them for their work ' .
They mean their work copying the game , not my work actually making it .
I had long been a fierce opponent of internet piracy , arguing endlessly and aggressively on web forums against the pirates .
I 'd actively fought against piracy of my games , getting copies of them removed as soon as they were found , in a never - ending battle .
A while ago I realised that although I thought I knew what the causes of people pirating my games were , I really had no idea .
The only people who could really explain why so many people pirate games is the pirates themselves .
So , rather innocently , I asked them to email me and tell me why they did it .
I promised to read all of them and to keep an open mind .
They replied in their thousands and it became a major topic on gaming news sites .
My website crashed as a result and people who could n't contact me or email me had to post their responses on other sites .
It seems nobody had ever bothered to ask this question before .
The big games companies had occasionally reached for their lawyers , and the music companies are constantly issuing legal threats , combined with vast efforts to engineer technical methods to prevent piracy , but nobody had ever asked them why they did it .
Some of the responses ran to several pages , a few put Tolstoy to shame .
It seems there are a lot of people who have waited a long time to tell the entertainment industry what they thought , and they had a lot to say .
The top reasons seemed to be the high price of games , the copy - protection used on them , and the quality of the games themselves .
Many of the pirates said they found the majority of games not worth the money , others were resentful of the way copy - protection treated honest customers as criminals .
Time and time again people claimed they were happy to buy good games , at sensible prices .
As a result of what I found , I 'm changing the way I make and sell my games .
I already dropped some prices , and will keep future games cheaper , I abandoned copy - protection on all my games the next day , and resolved to work harder than ever before to make the best games that I can .
I went from being demoralised and depressed by pirates to being motivated and encouraged by them .
I asked them what they thought , then listened .
Given the inability of big media companies to do either , I think I suddenly found my competitive advantage .
Cliff Harris is the founder of Positech Games
SAN JUAN ALOTENANGO , Guatemala --
In 2004 , Ambrosio Carrillo made a perilous and illegal journey to the U.S. in search of opportunity .
Earlier this year , he made the equally wrenching decision to return home .
Once a construction worker earning about $ 15 an hour in Maryland , Mr. Carrillo barely worked in the fall of 2007 as plentiful jobs evaporated .
As winter set in , the illegal immigrant , who had mastered masonry , carpentry and drywalling in the U.S. , did n't land a job for two months .
There was no money to send to his wife and three children in Guatemala .
So in January , Mr. Carrillo sliced open the green plastic piggy bank he'd bought at Wal - Mart and counted $ 3,100 in change and bills .
" There was enough to buy a plane ticket home and ship my truck to Guatemala , " recalls Mr. Carrillo , 37 years old .
Now back in San Juan Alotenango , a town of dirt streets and sporadic running water , he hauls fruit , firewood and recyclable metal for a few dollars a trip .
With his journey to the U.S. and back , Mr. Carrillo is helping to write the latest chapter in the American immigrant story .
After years of growth , illegal immigration to the U.S. from Mexico and Central America has slowed sharply .
At the same time , say demographers and immigrant advocates , more Latin American immigrants like Mr. Carrillo are apparently returning home .
The impact of this shifting migration pattern is felt in the U.S. and beyond , in towns like San Juan Alotenango that depend to some degree on cash sent home by those working in the U.S .
It is difficult to track short - term changes in the population of the estimated 12 million immigrants who are in the U.S. illegally .
But a new study by the Pew Hispanic Center , an independent think tank in Washington , D.C. , estimates that annual undocumented arrivals from Mexico are down about 25 % this year from 2005 , to about 350,000 .
Undocumented arrivals from Central America have been halved since then , to about 120,000 , according to the study , which is due to be released Thursday .
Despite championing immigration reform in 2007 , John McCain is poised to lose the Hispanic vote by a landslide margin that is well below President George W. Bush 's 2004 performance .
Hispanics turn cold shoulder to McCain
Despite championing immigration reform in 2007 , John McCain is poised to lose the Hispanic vote by a landslide margin that is well below President George W. Bush 's 2004 performance .
Polls show Obama winning the broadest support from Latino voters of any Democrat in a decade , while McCain is struggling to reach 30 percent , closer to Senator Bob Dole 's dismal 1996 result than to Bush 's historic 40 % four years ago .
Advertisement
McCain seems to have wound up with the worst of both worlds :
He appears to be getting no credit from Latino voters for his past support for immigration reform , while carrying the baggage of other Republicans ' hostility to illegal immigration .
And he 's been unable or unwilling to attack Obama — who was once thought to have taken a lethally liberal stance by supporting granting drivers licenses to illegal immigrants — from the right .
As October puts four states with large Hispanic populations - Florida , Colorado , Nevada , and New Mexico - at the center of the presidential contest , what appeared at first to be a possible strength for McCain has emerged as a profound weakness .
" I feel bad for McCain , " said Sam Rodriguez , the president of the National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference and a prominent supporter of George W. Bush in 2004 , who is neutral this year .
" We find ourselves between the proverbial rock and the hard place .
We really like John McCain .
We really do n't like the Republican Party . "
Democrats relish McCain 's quandary .
" It 's hurt him in every way , " said Simon Rosenberg , the president of the New Democrat Network , which has focused on bringing Hispanics back to the Democratic Party .
" I do n't think it 's assured the right he 's really with them .
And for those who are immigration reform advocates , he 's become a betrayer , having been a leader . "
Since America 's economic crisis deepened this fall , immigration has almost entirely vanished from the national conversation .
Three debates have passed without a single mention of the issue .
And the undertow has pushed Hispanic and anti-immigrant voters alike toward the Democratic Party .
But under the radar , McCain and Obama are slugging it out in a bitter exchange of attack ads on Spanish - language radio and television .
Obama 's goal has been simple :
To associate McCain with the anti-illegal immigrant Republican right .
One ad - which even some of Obama 's allies declined to defend - associated McCain with tough immigration - related rhetoric from Rush Limbaugh .
McCain countered with an ad accusing Obama of distortions and , less credibly , of having killed last year 's immigration reform measure himself .
Obama , whose Spanish - language barrage also touches a range of economic issues , responded with a more defensible attack ad , saying McCain " surrendered to the anti-immigrant movement " by saying he would n't vote for his own immigration reform bill .
" We 're seeing the most aggressive Spanish language communication campaign for president that the state of Florida and the country has ever seen , " said Fernand Amandi , the executive vice president of Bendixen and Associates , a polling firm that advises Obama .
Amandi said that some had also falsely assumed that because McCain shared Bush 's moderate position on immigration , he would inherit Bush 's support .
" President Bush making his life and career in Texas grew up with Hispanics , always had Hispanics in his inner circle and in his kitchen cabinet , and had a genuine respect for the culture , " he said .
" There was never an emotional connection , there was never a personal connection , between McCain and the Hispanic community . "
McCain advisor Ana Navarro called the attack ads " pathetic ploys , " and conceded that McCain is being dramatically outspent on the Spanish - language airwaves .
" Obama is trying to do with $ 20 million what John McCain has done with over 20 years of service , " she said , citing a figure released by the Obama campaign .
" We do n't have that kind of money to spend . "
Nonetheless , McCain continues to push hard for the Hispanic vote .
He spoke about his plan to buy up bad mortgages in an interview with Univision Thursday , and he has offered almost nothing to the anti-immigration wing of his party since sewing up the Republican nomination .
Recent Gallup surveys show McCain with just 26 percent of the Hispanic vote .
Meanwhile , McCain is getting little affection from the other end of the spectrum either : anti-immigration conservatives .
" There 's no substantial difference between the candidates on the underlying issue , " said Steve Camarota , the research director of the Center for Immigration Studies , which advocates for restricting immigration .
To some analysts , McCain is ignoring a major chink in Obama 's armor , though one which may have less salience now that the economic crisis dominates the headlines .
When Obama said last fall that he would support states ' decisions to issue drivers licenses to illegal immigrants , Hillary Clinton 's pollster Mark Penn told her staff that Obama might have just lost himself the election .
" We thought he was going to get killed over it , " recalled a Clinton staffer , who said Penn 's polling portrayed it as so " lethal " that it could cost Obama the reliably Democratic state of California .
Views differ on why McCain has n't exploited this issue .
" He just does n't have the stomach for pandering , " said Navarro .
Others say immigration never cut as deeply as pundits imagined , and point to the dismal failure of Colorado Rep .
Tom Tancredo's single - issue presidential campaign .
" This issue has been a total loser , even inside the Republican Party , " said Rosenberg .
And the shift of the campaign to the West and Florida may have simply made it too risky to antagonize his remaining Hispanic supporters , though some Democrats still think the issue may surface .
" Would McCain say , ' Screw it , I 'm not picking up votes in these states , and would that be a Hail Mary ?
I would n't be surprised , " said Frank Sharry , the executive director of the Democratic - leaning immigration group , America 's Voice .
But as with other elements of his campaign , McCain may be battling forces beyond his control , as his advisor , Ana Navarro , noted .
" I do n't think it has anything to do with John McCain , " she said of his poll numbers .
Sam Rodriguez , the Hispanic evangelical leader who backed Bush , concurred .
" We really looked at McCain , " he said .
" If Bill Clinton was the first black president , John McCain could have been the first Latino president .
Things were marching on until immigration reform failed . "
Sen . Barack Obama , hoping to widen his party 's control of Congress , has started to lend support to down - ticket Democrats .
The approach marks a shift in strategy for the Democratic presidential candidate , who until recently has shunned joint appearances with other candidates .
Party congressional strategists said the distancing had frustrated some Democrats , but that Sen.
Obama had felt such appearances could dilute his brand and diminish his outsider appeal .
Now , with his lead in the polls holding steady , the Illinois senator has begun to volunteer his campaign staff to assist fellow Democrats , channel funds to state Democratic parties and appear himself on the campaign trail with other candidates .
Tuesday evening , under a darkening Miami sky , Sen. Obama stood on a stage with three Democratic candidates hoping to unseat entrenched House Republicans from their South Florida districts .
The next day , he twice appeared with former Virginia Gov. Mark Warner , who is running for a Senate seat , and concluded a swing through the Old Dominion with a nod to Democrat Judy Feder and her long - shot campaign against Republican Rep. Frank R. Wolf in Northern Virginia 's 10th district .
Obama campaign officials are still hesitant to acknowledge the efforts , fearing anything that could make them look overconfident .
They also worry that producing an advertisement or holding a fund - raiser for one House candidate could trigger an avalanche of requests .
And they do n't want their candidate to lose sight of his real goal , the presidency .
« Jeff Dickstein's Bill Benson Case Update | Main | ' Both Suck ' Campaign Sign Draws Stares »
RP on CNN this Morning ( Priceless at the very end ) Kiren Chetry chokes
RP on CNN this Morning ( Priceless at the very end ) Kiren Chetry chokes
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0omOEadGdF0
October 24 , 2008 in Current Affairs | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451d3ac69e2010535ba7d92970c
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference RP on CNN this Morning ( Priceless at the very end ) Kiren Chetry chokes :
Comments
The comments to this entry are closed .
HOUSTON --
The heart of the U.S. oil patch on Tuesday began using wind - powered electricity for about a fourth of its municipal power needs at a lower price than it is paying for power produced from coal and natural gas , city officials said .
The move shows how renewable energy 's prospects are improving at a time of soaring fossil - fuel prices .
Long derided as an expensive niche , wind power now is moving closer to the mainstream .
Houston's ...
It ’s back !
Proposition 4 on the November California ballot -- “ Waiting Period and Parental Notification Before Termination of Minor ’s Pregnancy ” -- is a repeat of Proposition 73 in 2005 and Proposition 85 in 2006 , both of which were defeated .
Passage would make it part of the state Constitution .
What usually happens on this issue is a majority of the “ pro-life ” camp votes “ yes ” and a majority of the “ pro-choice ” group votes “ no . ”
And then there are all those uninformed people in the middle , who are not even sure they can leave some entries on their ballots un-punched .
As a responsible member of that third category , I studied the 2006 proposition and this year ’s initiative closely .
The propositions ’ defenders argue that parents have a right to be notified before an abortion is performed on a minor daughter .
Opponents make the case that some teens face parental abuse , and even risk being kicked out of their homes , if they become pregnant .
Critics add that it is difficult for teens to navigate the courts to obtain a parental notification waiver , as the 2008 initiative allows .
To appease the opposition , this year ’s initiative allows an adult family member other than a parent to be notified in the case of parental abuse .
Opponents maintain that this still presents obstacles .
Arguments from both sides are weighty , so I did what every responsible , uninformed voter should -- took a deep breath and dove into the thicket of legal lingo .
I was overwhelmed by sentences half a page long with verbs separated from their subjects by an array of subordinate clauses and assorted punctuation .
Struggling to extract some meaning , I broke some sentences into manageable segments : “ Physician ... has delivered written notice to her parent personally or by mail as provided in subdivision ( c ) ;
“ The notice form shall be bilingual , in English and Spanish , and also available in English ....
“ Forms shall also indicate whether the abortion was performed pursuant to subdivision ( c ) ; or ( d ) ; or ( e ) ; or ( f ) ; or ( h ) , ( i ) , or ( j ) .... ”
“ To ensure confidentiality of the unemancipated minors ... said reports to be publicly available unless the Judicial Council determines ... . ”
“ Petitions granted under subdivisions ( h ) (l ) or ( h ) ( 2 ) , deemed granted under subdivision ( i ) , denied under subdivision ( h ) ( 3 ) , and granted or denied under subdivision ( j ) . ”
In rich detail , the proposition defines the red tape for physicians and minors before , during and after an abortion -- even as to what kinds of envelopes to use .
Toward the end of Proposition 4 ’s text , hiding in Section 3 under point ( r ) , are clauses that deal with the “ minor ’s consent to abortion ” and “ court relief ” from “ coercion . ”
The proposition shifts here from “ parental notification ” to “ consent ” and suggests challenging that consent in court .
What do those issues have to do with parental notification ?
Befuddled , as if I were a physician facing legal forms , I remembered the response I got in 2006 from an official spokesman of the Proposition 85 campaign .
In regard to a similar “ coercion ” clause in Proposition 85 , he explained , “ Most parents in today ’s society want their kids to get abortions .
Some parents force it on their children . ”
He then brought up an example in which a girl had been kidnapped by her parents in Maine to be forcibly taken to an abortion clinic .
I found on the “ Yes on 85 " website that he was alluding to the case of Katelyn Kampf .
A quick investigation revealed that Kampf was an adult , not a minor , when she was kidnapped .
Her parents were arrested , and she got to keep her baby -- without the aid of a constitutional amendment such as the one under Proposition 4 .
Somehow , the logic of the argument for consent and about coercion was still escaping me .
Is n’t a “ minor ’s consent ” obvious if she ’s at the abortion clinic without her parents ’ knowledge ?
Still puzzled , I turned to professional help -- USC law professor Michael H. Shapiro .
He pointed out : “ There is no remedy specified in the proposition for coercion .
What course of action should be taken if a young woman is forced into her decision ? ”
Although Shapiro believes that women should not be forced into or out of a decision to have an abortion , he noted that “ any time legislators propose a law that has to do with abortion , they are generally trying to dress up an anti-abortion law . ”
He added that in addition to the requirement of a parental waiver , most of the clauses in the proposition “ create more obstacles for women , and are part of a plan to maximize the monkey - wrench effect on abortion . ”
After wandering the maze of legal terms , clauses and subsections , I emerged with a clear notion that a heap of physicians ’ forms , consent , coercion and court appeals do not belong under the title of “ parental notification . ”
And if you ’re still not persuaded to read the full legal text of Proposition 4 , here is my version of how an honest summary of Proposition 4 should read :
Proposition to Curtail Abortion for Teenage Girls :
* Do not allow minors to obtain abortions behind their parents ’ backs .
* Create an undue burden on physicians , with miles of red tape and severe repercussions for a misstep in filing notifications , reports , etc .
* Make sure pregnant teens go through humiliation and exposure .
* Create a pretext for taking the matter of abortion to court .
* Add vague clauses regarding “ court relief ” and “ coercion , ” which could warrant further litigation .
Abortion is an unfortunate occurrence for women , and even more so for underage girls .
And performing one on a minor behind her parents ’ backs is often wrong .
Nonetheless , selling Proposition 4 as just “ parental notification ” is dishonest .
Those who use such ploys should not be allowed to rewrite the Constitution .
Francesca Ratner was a volunteer on the 2006 campaign against Proposition 85 .
Proud to be a 'f ******* redneck ' :
The teenager expecting a baby with Sarah Palin 's 17 - year - old daughter
The teenager expecting a baby with the 17 - year - old daughter of Republican vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin calls himself ' a f*** ing redneck ' on his MySpace page .
Levi Johnston , 18 , a high - school hockey player , is engaged to Bristol Palin , whose pregnancy was revealed to the Republican party convention just days after her 44 - year - old mother was picked as John McCain 's running mate .
He is the high - school sweetheart of the Alaska governor 's daughter and used his home page to admit having a girlfriend , but said : ' I do n't want kids . '
Proud redneck : Levi Johnston , 18 , the father of Bristol Palin 's unborn baby .
Bristol is seen here with her five - month - old baby brother Trig
The hockey player with the Wasilla Warriors in Alaska was said to have made no secret of the pregnancy in his home town .
On the page he also says : ' But I live to play hockey .
I like to go camping and hang out with the boys , do some fishing , shoot some s*** and just chillin ' I guess '
He added : ' Ya f *** with me I 'll kick [ your ] ass '
Johnston has also been in trouble with the law , for taking king salmon from a lake out of season .
Bristol 's pregnancy was revealed after a string of rumours suggested that Mrs Palin 's five - month - old baby son was actually her grandson .
A series of internet postings circulated for up to 48 hours before the Alaskan governor announced last night that Bristol , 17 , was five months pregnant and would marry the father of the child .
One blog , DailyKos , published a story headlined " Sarah Palin is NOT the mother " .
Blogger ArcXIX wrote : " Sarah , I 'm calling you a liar .
And not even a good one .
Trig Paxson Van Palin is not your son .
He is your grandson .
The sooner you come forward with this revelation to the public , the better . '
The onslaught forced the Republicans into the announcement , shocking delegates at their convention in Minneapolis - St Paul , despite the political risk .
Pregnant : Bristol Palin , 17 , stands near Mr McCain
Aides insisted Mr McCain , 72 , was aware of the daughter ’s pregnancy when he picked Mrs Palin , 44 , as his number two .
But Democrat critics were already questioning his vetting process after it was revealed the Arizona senator had only met the former beauty queen once before last week .
Republican officials said Mrs Palin decided to announce the pregnancy publicly to counteract ‘ despicable ’
Internet rumours that she faked the pregnancy of her fifth child to cover up for her daughter .
According to some ‘ mud- slinging ’ liberal bloggers , Mrs Palin pretended to have given birth in May to her fifth child , a son named Trig who has Down 's syndrome .
The unfounded suggestion was that Trig was actually Bristol Palin 's child and that Sarah Palin was the grandmother .
Although she did n’t directly address the gossip , Mrs Palin said she supported her daughter and gave no indication that the scandal would affect her new job .
' We have been blessed with five wonderful children who we love with all our heart and mean everything to us , ’ said Mrs Palin , a staunch pro-life supporter .
‘ Our beautiful daughter Bristol came to us with news that as parents we knew would make her grow up faster than we had ever planned .
‘ As Bristol faces the responsibilities of adulthood , she knows she has our unconditional love and support .
Awkward : Johnston and the Palin family have some bad blood over comments he made about them in the media
‘ Bristol and the young man she will marry are going to realise very quickly the difficulties of raising a child , which is why they will have the love and support of our entire family .
' We ask the media , respect our daughter and Levi ’s privacy as has always been the tradition of children of candidates , ’ she added .
The statement , released by the McCain campaign , does n’t give the father ’s full name .
The age of consent in Alaska is 16 and couples can marry when they are under 18 only with both parents ’ consent .
The latest sensational twist emerged after a new poll suggested that Mr McCain ’s gamble on wooing disgruntled Hillary Clinton voters by selecting a woman may have backfired .
More Democratic women said they were less likely to switch allegiance to the Republicans after Mrs Palin was picked as vice - presidential candidate .
A USA Today / Gallup survey also found most Americans had n’t even heard of the her before she was plucked from the relative obscurity of Alaskan politics by Mr McCain – and just 39 per cent said they think she is ready to be president if she is called upon .
Bristol Palin , 17 , holds her brother Trig during the campaign rally where Republican presidential candidate Sen.
John McCain , introduced Bristol and Trig 's mother Sarah Palin , as his running mate
That ’s the lowest vote of confidence in a running mate since ' Dunce ' Dan Quayle ’s famously rocky but ultimately successful teaming with the elder George Bush in 1988 .
Among Democrat women , including those who may be disappointed that Mrs Clinton lost out in the primary race , 15 per cent said Mrs Palin ’s selection makes them less likely to vote for Mr McCain , while 9 per cent said it might make them change sides .
The debate over Mr McCain ’s risky gamble raged on as the party leadership fought to turn the havoc wrought on their convention plans by Hurricane Gustav to their advantage .
After setting aside today to a low - key business only opening session in St Paul , Minnesota , Mr McCain was pushing his new theme of ‘ Country First . ’
While the hurricane denied the Arizona senator the intense media coverage he was hoping for , it also helped distance him from President Bush , who cancelled his opening day speech to focus on disaster planning .
‘ I have every expectation that we will not see the mistakes of Katrina repeated , ’ Mr McCain said yesterday , referring to Bush administration ’s botched handling of the flood mayhem in New Orleans three years ago .
The McCain camp is determined to use the storm to highlight their candidate ’s much - vaunted leadership qualities .
Sarah Palin 's daughters from left , Piper , Willow and Bristol are seen in December 2006 at the Governor 's mansion Alaska .
‘ This is a time when we have to do away with our party politics and we have to act as Americans , ’ he added in a video link with supporters .
Prominent religious conservatives , many of whom have been lukewarm toward McCain 's candidacy , predicted that Sarah Palin 's daughter 's pregnancy would not diminish conservative Christian enthusiasm over the vice presidential hopeful .
' I think it 's a very private matter , ' said Roberta Combs , president of the Christian Coalition of America .
' It 's a matter that should stay in the family and they have to work through it together .
My prayers go out to them .
' We 're excited about the governor and think she 's going to do well . '
Mathew Staver , dean of Liberty University School of Law , said : ' We 're all sinners .
' We all make mistakes .
Certainly , the ideal is not to get pregnant out of wedlock .
But she made the right decision after her mistake , ' he said .
Staver also criticised anyone who would seek to make it a negative campaign issue .
He said : ' It 's absolutely shameful to put her child in the spotlight .
She 's not running for office .
When someone can't face issues , they try to tear down a family . '
For 72 - year - old McCain , who has already fought skin cancer , that is a major problem .
It also makes it harder for his campaign to attack Obama for his lack of experience .
Back home in Alaska , however , supporters wo n't hear a word against their governor of just 21 months .
Ms Palin said she had her husband Todd were giving their daughter their full support
Many think she bears a striking resemblance to Lynda Carter , the star of the 1970s TV series , Wonder Woman , and appear to credit her with similar superpowers .
The list of her accomplishments grows by the hour .
She has not merely risen with breakneck speed , from the mayoralty of the one - horse town of Wasilla ( population 6,715 , according to its website ) to within touching distance of the White House .
She is , so her mother assures us , a tough - as - steak Alaskan frontierswoman who loves ice - fishing , trapping giant crabs ( the biggest of which now takes pride of place on her coffee table ) and shooting caribou , which she makes into ' moose - burgers ' she washes down with a cold beer .
A fiercely matriarchal ' hockey mom ' who commutes 40 miles to her office in Anchorage rather than swap her quaint family home for the official governor 's residence , somehow Mrs Palin also finds time to raise her children .
Oh yes , and she was a brilliant sportswoman , nicknamed Sarah Barracuda , who bravely overcame an injured ankle to score the winning points with seconds remaining of the state schools ' basketball championships .
Phew !
Even Wonder Woman would be hard - pressed to match that little list , which is being used as proof that , despite her palpable lack of experience , Mrs Palin is ready to assume the second most powerful job on earth , and possibly the first .
Ms Palin has angrily denied her four - month - old son Trig is actually the child of her daughter Bristol
But is the Alaskan ice warrior , whose political conviction and zeal have drawn comparisons with the young Margaret Thatcher , really the genuine article ?
As the Democrats set about sifting through every small detail of her professional and personal life , we will surely soon find out .
The scurrilous baby rumours may be just the start - in a state where the politics is as dark and slippery as Alaskan oil , there appears to be muck aplenty .
Indeed , the ice queen is said to be embroiled in sufficient scandals in her home state to make the corridors of power 3,000 miles away in Washington seem positively virtuous .
The next murky saga to be explored is sure to be the ' Troopergate ' affair .
It centres on Alaska 's former public safety commissioner , Walter Monegan , one of several key officials to have been ruthlessly dismissed by Mrs Palin .
In a case now being investigated by the state legislature committee , Mr Monegan claims he was sacked in an act of petty revenge .
He says the governor was behind a plot to get rid of him because he refused to act on her instructions and fire her brother - in - law Mike Wooten , a state trooper who was embroiled in a bitter divorce from Mrs Palin 's sister .
The episode dates back to 2005 , when Mr Wooten was suspended from duty amid claims that he unlawfully shot a moose and fired a Taser gun at his ten - year - old stepson .
Mrs Palin also claims he threatened to kill her father , Charles , a retired athletics coach .
When Mrs Palin took office , her husband , Todd - a rugged BP oil executive and fishery boss who she calls ' The First Dude ' - hired a private detective to draw up a dossier on Mr Wooten , and took it to Mr Monegan .
However , Mr Wooten was allowed to remain in his job .
Mrs Palin has insisted she had no involvement in Mr Monegan 's subsequent sacking .
However , in a potentially damaging interview last weekend , the former safety commissioner insisted this is untrue - and claimed she personally emailed and spoke to him about the case .
This hardly squares with Mr McCain 's proclamation that , in old Klondike mining territory , he has unearthed a rare gem , untainted by grubby politics .
And there is more .
In her acceptance speech last week , Mrs Palin played up her penchant for using taxpayers ' money wisely .
She cited as a prime example , the fact that she blocked the building of the ' Bridge to Nowhere ' - which would have provided access to an island airport reachable only by ferry , but at a cost Palin considered too great considering the number of passengers it would benefit .
She ordered a ' fiscally responsible alternative ' to be found .
It now emerges , however , that at first she actually supported the Build the Bridge campaign , and made a very un -Maggie like U - turn - a detail she failed to mention .
So , is the woman who wears her hair in a fashionably retro Fifties beehive and prefers a checked shirt and jeans to a power - dresser 's suit really ready to serve ?
Will McCain 's left - field pick prove the most inspired gamble in postwar U.S. political history - or the most disastrous mistake since George Bush Snr chose to run with Dan Quayle , the gaffe - prone senator who could n't spell ' potato ' ?
The answers will emerge in the final ten weeks of this enthralling election campaign .
But for all the skeletons in her gun cabinet , do n't back against the mooseburger - munching frontierswoman bagging a place in history .
For as Obama himself had to concede , hers is a remarkable story .
And Americans love nothing better than someone who proves the possibility of the American Dream .
Assume the crash position .
U.S .
stock - index futures are pointing to another dark day on Wall Street .
Asian and European markets tumbled .
Japanese stocks fell nearly 10
percent .
London was down 7 percent , while Frankfurt slid as much as 9
percent .
As the bloodbath spreads , Washington and other governments are explor ing a number of options including temporarily insuring all deposits , as Germany and Ireland have done , backing loans among banks , and pumping cash into banks by buying preferred or common shares .
President Bush will meet on Saturday with finance ministers of the world ’s leading industrial nations in an effort to find a global response to the financial crisis .
The president will speak this morning .
Despite the rumblings of additional government intervention , fear continues to grip the credit markets .
The three - month dollar Libor , or the London interbank offered rate , climbed to 4.82 percent ,
Here are today ’s flash points :
General Electric said third - quarter earnings fell , matching expectations since its recent profit warning .
The absence of bad surprises may help steady the market today .
Credit default swaps on Lehman Brothers debt , a kind of insurance , are settled in an auction today .
Banks and others that issued the swaps are looking at losses of as much as 90 percent .
Contracts with a nominal value of as much as $ 400 billion will be auctioned .
Is Morgan Stanley the next to fall ?
Its shares are falling and the cost of insuring its debt is rising on concerns that a $ 9 billion of infusion of capital from the Japanese bank Mitsubishi UFJ may not materialize , because of the falling stock price and the slump in Japanese stocks .
Moody ’s Investors Service , meanwhile , has said it may lower its rating on Morgan ’s long - term credit “ based upon its expectation that an extended downturn in global capital market activity will reduce Morgan Stanley 's revenue and profit potential in 2009 , and perhaps beyond . ”
General Motors says it is facing “ unprecedented challenges ” but that a bankruptcy filing is not an option .
Another reason to worry ?
Rebecca Quick on CNBC this morning said the channel was working to show 11 talking heads on the screen , up from 9 and 10
this week as stocks plunged .
We hope that was a joke .
By Portfolio Staff
Related Links :
Wednesday , September 3 , 2008
MSNBC is reporting that Sarah Palin on Tuesday met with the board of directors of the America Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) and Sen .
Joe Lieberman to , in the words of one McCain campaign official cited by MSNBC , put “ the American Jewish community at ease over her understanding of US - Middle East relations . ”
It ’s worth noting that Palin , who has obviously been completely off - limits to reporters since she was rolled out as McCain ’s running - mate in Dayton Friday , stiffed a reception in her honor sponsored by none other than Phyllis Schlafly a couple hours later .
AIPAC spokesman Josh Block said after the meeting :
“ We had a good productive discussion on the importance of the U.S. - Israel relationship , and we were pleased that Gov. Palin expressed her deep , personal , and lifelong commitment to the safety and well - being of Israel .
Like Sen. McCain , the vice presidential nominee understands and believes in the special friendship between the two democracies and would work to expand and deepen the strategic partnership in a McCain / Palin Administration . ”
The rightwing Likudist Republican Jewish Coalitionwas especially pleased that Palin has a miniature flag of Israel in her office .
( CNN ) --
A sailor killed in Afghanistan on Saturday was the 500th U.S. service member to die in that country since the war there began in 2001 .
Petty Officer 1st Class Joshua Harris of Lexington , North Carolina , was 36 .
Twenty - two U.S. service members were killed in Afghanistan in August , part of a recent increase in American deaths there .
In June , 28 U.S. service members died in Afghanistan -- the United States ' highest one - month total in that country .
Including deaths from the United States ' coalition partners , 46 service members were killed in August , equaling the coalition total for June .
Forty - six is the highest one - month total for coalition forces .
But Afghan and coalition forces killed more than four times as many insurgents -- 220 -- in one week last month in southern Afghanistan , the U.S. coalition said .
The battles occurred in Helmand province from August 25 through Saturday , the coalition said .
The battles also led to the discovery of weapons caches .
Since the start of the Afghanistan war , 940 coalition troops have been killed , including Americans .
All About Afghanistan War • Afghanistan
With job losses continuing to be a major problem in America , John McCain would rather not focus on the economy .
Nope .... You can always count on the politics of personal destruction from Republicans and the news coming out is that John McCain will amp up these attacks that have little to do with the issues and all to do with desperation .
Sen .
John McCain and his Republican allies are readying a newly aggressive assault on Sen. Barack Obama 's character , believing that to win in November they must shift the conversation back to questions about the Democrat 's judgment , honesty and personal associations , several top Republicans said .
With just a month to go until Election Day , McCain 's team has decided that its emphasis on the senator 's biography as a war hero , experienced lawmaker and straight - talking maverick is insufficient to close a growing gap with Obama .
The Arizonan 's campaign is also eager to move the conversation away from the economy , an issue that strongly favors Obama and has helped him to a lead in many recent polls .
" We 're going to get a little tougher , " a senior Republican operative said , indicating that a fresh batch of television ads is coming .
" We 've got to question this guy 's associations .
Very soon .
There 's no question that we have to change the subject here , " said the operative , who was not authorized to discuss strategy and spoke on the condition of anonymity .
Being so aggressive has risks for McCain if it angers swing voters , who often say they are looking for candidates who offer a positive message about what they will do .
Maybe now the Obama - Biden ticket will stop complimenting McCain every chance they get .
Plain is attacking Obama with the FOX News / Sean Hannity / Bill Ayers nonsense .
Palin cited an article in today 's New York Times as evidence that Obama " sees America as imperfect enough to pal around with terrorists who targeted their own country . "
The Alaska governor was referring to William Ayers , one of the founding members of the Weathermen and someone who once served on a charitable board with Obama in Chicago .
Obama was eight years old at the time ... I saw the really awful Vampire movie on cable called " 30 Days of Night " and it reminded me of the type of cities that are in Alaska and I wondered what Palin would do when Vamps attacked her city ...
Andrew Sullivan is rightfully indignant that this is unacceptable in an advanced democracy , and a super power at that .
Read his post here .
Could you imagine if Obama , or Biden , or McCain hid out in their homes for a couple weeks ?
With less than two months until the election ?
No way , no how .
The same would n't be acceptable either for Hillary Clinton , Kathleen Sebelius , Diane Feinstein , Mary Landrieu or any of the other leading female Democrats .
It would n't even be acceptable for the big name female Republican politicians like Hutchinson , Snowe , Dole , Collins , or even Lisa Murkowski for goodness sake .
And you know Carly Fiorina would be out there talking to the press ( and defending herself from having been fired as CEO of HP ) .
So what makes Palin so special that she can hide ?
But if you have zero foreign policy experience , then one would need to spend some quality time with Joe Lieberman learning about the fine nuances of international diplomacy .
Will there be a Palin Cowardice Clock , counting the number of days that she wo n't be available to the press ?
Somehow , and depressingly , I doubt it .
Rebecca Christie and Robert Schmidt
Bloomberg
October 5 , 2008
The U.S. plans to hire five to 10 asset - management firms as Secretary Henry Paulson establishes the government ’s new office for handling the financial bailout , a Treasury official said .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The department will also add about two dozen new employees , a mix of bankers , lawyers , accountants and others , the official said today on condition of anonymity .
The Treasury ’s first attempt to hold an auction to buy troubled assets from financial firms will take at least four weeks to set up , said the official .
“ We ’ve been doing a lot of work getting ready for this , ” Paulson told reporters after Congress passed the Bush administration ’s $ 700 billion rescue package for financial institutions .
“ Once the legislation is signed , we ’re going to be going out and lining up advisers from the private sector . ”
Some of the Treasury ’s new employees will be on the government payroll , while others will be contractors , the official said .
In selecting the asset - management firms , the Treasury plans to look at the cost and scope of services offered by the competing companies .
Read article
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
As you may know , while Sarah Palin was the mayor of Wasilla , Alaska , her town was one of the few in Alaska to charge rape victims for their own forensic exams – i.e. , for the medical exams necessary to gather evidence to catch the rapists .
At the time , Palin ’s own police chief said the town did n’t want to pay for the exams because it would be a “ burden ” on taxpayers ( i.e. , tax cuts were more important than women who were raped ) .
Others suspect that Palin did n’t want to pay for the exams because they often include emergency contraception ( conservatives think emergency contraception is abortion ) , and Palin believes that women should be forced to carry their rapist ’s baby to full term ( ask her , it ’s true ) .
Palin ’s spokesman only gave one brief quote saying how outrageous this story is .
Yes , it is outrageous .
Then , we heard nothing from Palin .
Not that Sarah Palin refusing to talk about anything is news .
John McCain would like nothing better than for us to put Sarah Palin a 72 - year - old - with - serious - cancer ’s one heartbeat away from the presidency without knowing a single thing about this woman ’s credentials for being president ( other than that she wears lipstick and can see Russia from her kitchen window ) .
So , let ’s give Sarah Palin the benefit of the doubt .
Let ’s assume that as mayor Sarah Palin was so clueless , so hands - off , so out of it and in over her head that she had no idea what her underlings were doing , she had no idea that her hand - picked police chief was charging rape victims for their own exams , and even that she had no idea that her police chief was doing interviews with the local paper defending that policy – her city ’s own policy – in a very public battle with the state legislature .
Let ’s give Sarah Palin all of that , and just assume that she was a blithering idiot as mayor of Wasilla .
Let Sarah Palin come forth and say publicly that she is in favor of public funding for rape kits that include emergency contraception .
John McCain voted against Biden ’s legislation that would have , among other things , required funding for such exams .
Let Palin and McCain publicly endorse rape kits including emergency contraception , and then we ’ll put this story to rest .
A death in Biden 's family
Biden clears his schedule through Tuesday .
" The Obama - Biden campaign today cancelled Sen .
Biden 's schedule Monday and Tuesday because of the passing of Jill Biden 's mother , Bonny Jean Jacobs , this afternoon after a long illness .
Other details will follow , but we appreciate everyone 's respect for the family 's privacy during this difficult time , " says Biden spokesman David Wade .
The next version of Mac OS X is code - named " Snow Leopard , " and will indeed be Intel - only , we have learned .
This info is hot on the heels of TUAW 's original scoop about Mac OS X 10.6 being readied for shipment as soon as Macworld 2009 and being Intel - only .
People familiar with the situation have confirmed to us that TUAW 's details are true —
Snow Leopard is currently on track to come out during next January 's Macworld , and it will not contain major OS changes .
Instead , the release is heavily focused on performance and nailing down speed and stability .
With Apple 's current ( and future ) focus on smaller , thinner , and more mobile devices , this move makes perfect sense .
Things like the MacBook Air , iPhone , iPod touch , and other mysterious devices that have yet to be announced need better performance for better battery life , and that 's definitely something Apple wants to excel at in the years to come .
Our sources did not note whether Apple planned to discuss Snow Leopard at this year 's WWDC .
Something else that may happen is that Apple may eventually wrap everything in Cocoa — things that are currently only Carbon accessible will be no longer .
This ( which is reportedly not yet in stone ) should make many Objective - C programmers happy , although those who are married to Carbon may get a bit bristly at the news .
( Note :
There may be some disagreement here as to what exactly " Cocoa - only " means , so take that into account when thinking about this .
For example , Apple may only axe Carbon UI stuff . )
Of course , it seems like 10.6 is all about making graybeards bristly , as PowerPC users will soon be left out in the cold too .
Press release
6 October 2008
The Nobel Assembly at Karolinska Institutet has today decided to award
The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for 2008 with one half to
Harald zur Hausen
for his discovery of “ human papilloma viruses causing cervical cancer ”
and the other half jointly to
Françoise Barré - Sinoussi and Luc Montagnier
for their discovery of “ human immunodeficiency virus ”
Summary
This year ’s Nobel Prize awards discoveries of two viruses causing severe human diseases .
Harald zur Hausen went against current dogma and postulated that oncogenic human papilloma virus ( HPV ) caused cervical cancer , the second most common cancer among women .
He realized that HPV - DNA could exist in a non-productive state in the tumours , and should be detectable by specific searches for viral DNA .
He found HPV to be a heterogeneous family of viruses .
Only some HPV types cause cancer .
His discovery has led to characterization of the natural history of HPV infection , an understanding of mechanisms of HPV - induced carcinogenesis and the development of prophylactic vaccines against HPV acquisition .
Françoise Barré - Sinoussi and Luc Montagnier discovered human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) .
Virus production was identified in lymphocytes from patients with enlarged lymph nodes in early stages of acquired immunodeficiency , and in blood from patients with late stage disease .
They characterized this retrovirus as the first known human lentivirus based on its morphological , biochemical and immunological properties .
HIV impaired the immune system because of massive virus replication and cell damage to lymphocytes .
The discovery was one prerequisite for the current understanding of the biology of the disease and its antiretroviral treatment .
Discovery of human papilloma virus causing cervical cancer
Against the prevailing view during the 1970s , Harald zur Hausen postulated a role for human papilloma virus ( HPV ) in cervical cancer .
He assumed that the tumour cells , if they contained an oncogenic virus , should harbour viral DNA integrated into their genomes .
The HPV genes promoting cell proliferation should therefore be detectable by specifically searching tumour cells for such viral DNA .
Harald zur Hausen pursued this idea for over 10 years by searching for different HPV types , a search made difficult by the fact that only parts of the viral DNA were integrated into the host genome .
He found novel HPV - DNA in cervix cancer biopsies , and thus discovered the new , tumourigenic HPV16 type in 1983 .
In 1984 , he cloned HPV16 and 18 from patients with cervical cancer .
The HPV types 16 and 18 were consistently found in about 70 % of cervical cancer biopsies throughout the world .
Importance of the HPV discovery
The global public health burden attributable to human papilloma viruses is considerable .
More than 5 % of all cancers worldwide are caused by persistent infection with this virus .
Infection by the human papilloma virus is the most common sexually transmitted agent , afflicting 50 - 80 % of the population .
Of the more than 100 HPV types known , about 40 infect the genital tract , and 15 of these put women at high risk for cervical cancer .
In addition , HPV is found in some vulval , penile , oral and other cancers .
Human papilloma virus can be detected in 99.7 % of women with histologically confirmed cervical cancer , affecting some 500,000 women per year .
Harald zur Hausen demonstrated novel properties of HPV that have led to an understanding of mechanisms for papilloma virus - induced carcinogenesis and the predisposing factors for viral persistence and cellular transformation .
He made HPV16 and 18 available to the scientific community .
Vaccines were ultimately developed that provide ≥ 95 % protection from infection by the high risk HPV16 and 18 types .
The vaccines may also reduce the need for surgery and the global burden of cervical cancer .
Discovery of HIV
Following medical reports of a novel immunodeficiency syndrome in 1981 , the search for a causative agent was on .
Françoise Barré - Sinoussi and Luc Montagnier isolated and cultured lymph node cells from patients that had swollen lymph nodes characteristic of the early stage of acquired immune deficiency .
They detected activity of the retroviral enzyme reverse transcriptase , a direct sign of retrovirus replication .
They also found retroviral particles budding from the infected cells .
Isolated virus infected and killed lymphocytes from both diseased and healthy donors , and reacted with antibodies from infected patients .
In contrast to previously characterized human oncogenic retroviruses , the novel retrovirus they had discovered , now known as human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) , did not induce uncontrolled cell growth .
Instead , the virus required cell activation for replication and mediated cell fusion of T lymphocytes .
This partly explained how HIV impairs the immune system since the T cells are essential for immune defence .
By 1984 , Barré - Sinoussi and Montagnier had obtained several isolates of the novel human retrovirus , which they identified as a lentivirus , from sexually infected individuals , haemophiliacs , mother to infant transmissions and transfused patients .
The significance of their achievements should be viewed in the context of a global ubiquitous epidemic affecting close to 1 % of the population .
Importance of the HIV discovery
Soon after the discovery of the virus , several groups contributed to the definitive demonstration of HIV as the cause of acquired human immunodeficiency syndrome ( AIDS ) .
Barré - Sinoussi and Montagnier ’s discovery made rapid cloning of the HIV - 1 genome possible .
This has allowed identification of important details in its replication cycle and how the virus interacts with its host .
Furthermore , it led to development of methods to diagnose infected patients and to screen blood products , which has limited the spread of the pandemic .
The unprecedented development of several classes of new antiviral drugs is also a result of knowledge of the details of the viral replication cycle .
The combination of prevention and treatment has substantially decreased spread of the disease and dramatically increased life expectancy among treated patients .
The cloning of HIV enabled studies of its origin and evolution .
The virus was probably passed to humans from chimpanzees in West Africa early in the 20th century , but it is still unclear why the epidemic spread so dramatically from 1970 and onwards .
Identification of virus−host interactions has provided information on how HIV evades the host ’s immune system by impairing lymphocyte function , by constantly changing and by hiding its genome in the host lymphocyte DNA , making its eradication in the infected host difficult even after long - term antiviral treatment .
Extensive knowledge about these unique viral host interactions has , however , generated results that can provide ideas for future vaccine development as well as for therapeutic approaches targeting viral latency .
HIV has generated a novel pandemic .
Never before has science and medicine been so quick to discover , identify the origin and provide treatment for a new disease entity .
Successful anti-retroviral therapy results in life expectancies for persons with HIV infection now reaching levels similar to those of uninfected people .
Harald zur Hausen , born 1936 in Germany , German citizen , MD at University of Düsseldorf , Germany .
Professor emeritus and former Chairman and Scientific Director , German Cancer Research Centre , Heidelberg , Germany .
Françoise Barré - Sinoussi , born 1947 in France , French citizen , PhD in virology , Institut Pasteur , Garches , France .
Professor and Director , Regulation of Retroviral Infections Unit , Virology Department , Institut Pasteur , Paris , France .
Luc Montagnier , born 1932 in France , French citizen , PhD in virology , University of Paris , Paris , France .
Professor emeritus and Director , World Foundation for AIDS Research and Prevention , Paris , France .
High resolution image ( pdf 1,3 Mb )
To cite this section
MLA style : Press release .
NobelPrize.org .
Nobel Media AB 2020 .
Wed. 30 Sep 2020 .
< https://www.nobelprize.org/prizes/medicine/2008/press-release/>
John McCain was training in his AD - 6 Skyraider on an overcast Texas morning in 1960 when he slammed into Corpus Christi Bay and sheared the skin off his plane ’s wings .
McCain recounted the accident decades later in his autobiography .
“ The engine quit while I was practicing landings , ” he wrote .
But an investigation board at the Naval Aviation Safety Center found no evidence of engine failure .
The 23 - year - old junior lieutenant was n’t paying attention and erred in using “ a power setting too low to maintain level flight in a turn , ” investigators concluded .
The crash was one of three early in McCain ’s aviation career in which his flying skills and judgment were faulted or questioned by Navy officials .
Advertisement
In his most serious lapse , McCain was “ clowning ” around in a Skyraider over southern Spain about December 1961 and flew into electrical wires , causing a blackout , according to McCain ’s own account as well as those of naval officers and enlistees aboard the carrier Intrepid .
In another incident , in 1965 , McCain crashed a T - 2 trainer jet in Virginia .
After McCain was sent to Vietnam , his plane was destroyed in an explosion on the deck of an aircraft carrier in 1967 .
Three months later , he was shot down during a bombing mission over Hanoi and taken prisoner .
He was not faulted in either of those cases and was later lauded for his heroism as a prisoner of war .
As a presidential candidate , McCain has cited his military service -- particularly his 5 1/2 years as a POW .
But he has been less forthcoming about his mistakes in the cockpit .
The Times interviewed men who served with McCain and located once - confidential 1960s - era accident reports and formerly classified evaluations of his squadrons during the Vietnam War .
This examination of his record revealed a pilot who early in his career was cocky , occasionally cavalier and prone to testing limits .
Advertisement
In today ’s military , a lapse in judgment that causes a crash can end a pilot ’s career .
Though standards were looser and crashes more frequent in the 1960s , McCain ’s record stands out .
“ Three mishaps are unusual , ” said Michael L. Barr , a former Air Force pilot with 137 combat missions in Vietnam and an internationally known aviation safety expert who teaches in USC ’s Aviation Safety and Security Program .
“ After the third accident , you would say :
Is there a trend here in terms of his flying skills and his judgment ? ”
Jeremiah Pearson , a Navy officer who flew 400 missions over Vietnam without a mishap and later became the head of human spaceflight at NASA , said : “ That ’s a lot .
You do n’t want any .
Maybe he was just unlucky . ”
Naval aviation experts say the three accidents before McCain ’s deployment to Vietnam probably triggered a review to determine whether he should be allowed to continue flying .
The results of the review would have been confidential .
Advertisement
The Times asked McCain ’s campaign to release any military personnel records in the candidate ’s possession showing how the Navy handled the three incidents .
The campaign said it would have no comment .
Navy veterans who flew with McCain called him a good pilot .
“ John was what you called a push - the - envelope guy , ” said Sam H. Hawkins , who flew with McCain ’s VA - 44 squadron in the 1960s and now teaches political science at Florida Atlantic University .
“ There are some naval aviators who are on the cautious side .
They do n’t get out on the edges , but the edges are where you get the maximum out of yourself and out of your plane .
That ’s where John operated .
And when you are out there , you take risks . ”
The young McCain has often been described as undisciplined and fearless -- a characterization McCain himself fostered in his autobiography .
Advertisement
“ In his military career , he was a risk - taker and a daredevil , ” said John Karaagac , a lecturer at Johns Hopkins ’ School of Advanced International Studies and the author of a book on McCain .
“ What was interesting was that he got into accidents , and it did n’t rattle his nerves .
He takes hits and still stands . ”
McCain , the son and grandson of admirals , had a privileged status in the Navy .
He was invited to the captain ’s cabin for dinner on the maiden voyage of the Enterprise in 1962 , a perk other aviators and sailors attributed to his famous name , recalled Gene Furr , an enlisted man who shared an office and went on carrier deployments with McCain over three years .
On another occasion , McCain was selected to make a commemorative landing on the Enterprise and had his picture taken in front of a cake in the officers ’ galley , Furr said .
McCain ’s commanders sarcastically dubbed him “ Ace McCain ” because of his string of pre-Vietnam accidents , recalled Maurice Rishel , who commanded McCain ’s VA - 65 squadron in early 1961 , when it was deployed in the Mediterranean .
Still , Rishel said , “ he did his job . ”
Advertisement
Here is a closer look at those three incidents :
--
Corpus Christi , Texas , March 12 , 1960
McCain was practicing landings in his AD - 6 Skyraider over Corpus Christi Bay when he lost several hundred feet of altitude “ without realizing it ” and struck the water , according to the Naval Aviation Safety Center accident report on file at the Naval Historical Center in Washington .
Advertisement
The plane , a single - engine propeller plane designed for ground attack , sank 10 feet to the bottom of the bay .
McCain swam to the surface and was plucked from the water by a rescue helicopter .
While he has contended that the engine quit , investigators collected extensive evidence indicating otherwise .
Cockpit instruments that froze on impact showed the engine was still producing power .
When water quenched the exhaust stack , it preserved a bright blue color , showing that the engine was still hot .
And an aviator behind McCain reported that the engine was producing the black smoke characteristic of Skyraiders .
Investigators determined that McCain was watching instruments in his cockpit that indicated the position of his landing gear and had lost track of his altitude and speed .
The report concluded : “ In the opinion of the board , the pilot ’s preoccupation in the cockpit . . . coupled with the use of a power setting too low to maintain level flight in a turn were the primary causes of this accident . ”
Advertisement
--
Southern Spain , around December 1961
McCain was on a training mission when he flew low and ran into electrical wires .
He brought his crippled Skyraider back to the Intrepid , dragging 10 feet of wire , sailors and aviators recalled .
In his 1999 autobiography , “ Faith of My Fathers , ” McCain briefly recounts the incident , calling it the result of “ daredevil clowning ” and “ flying too low . ”
McCain did not elaborate on what happened , and The Times could find no military records of the accident .
Advertisement
When he struck the wires , McCain severed an oil line in his plane , said Carl Russ , a pilot in McCain ’s squadron .
McCain ’s flight suit and the cockpit were soaked in oil , added Russ , who nonetheless said McCain was a good pilot .
The next day , McCain went to the flight deck with his superior officers and some of the crew to inspect the damage .
A gaggle of sailors surrounded the plane .
Clark Sherwood , an enlistee responsible for hanging ordnance on the squadron ’s planes , recalled standing on the deck with McCain .
“ I said , ‘ You ’re lucky to be alive . ’
McCain said , ‘ You bet your ass I am , ’ ” Sherwood said .
“ He almost bought the farm . ”
Sherwood , now a real estate agent in New Jersey , said he considered McCain a hero .
Calvin Shoemaker , a retired test pilot for the Skyraider ’s manufacturer , Douglas Aircraft , said extended low - level flights are difficult in any aircraft and for that reason Skyraiders were seldom flown at altitudes below 500 feet .
Advertisement
After hearing a description of McCain ’s record , Shoemaker said the aviator appeared to be a “ flat - hatter , ” an old aviation term for a showoff .
--
Cape Charles , Va. , Nov. 28 , 1965
Over the Eastern Shore of Virginia , McCain descended below 7,000 feet on a landing approach in a T - 2 trainer jet , according to accident records .
He said he heard an explosion in his engine and lost power .
He said he tried unsuccessfully to restart the engine .
Advertisement
He spotted a local drag strip and considered trying to glide to a landing there but finally had to eject at 1,000 feet .
The plane crashed in the woods .
McCain escaped injury and was picked up by a farmer .
In his autobiography , McCain said he had flown on a Saturday to Philadelphia to watch the annual Army - Navy football game with his parents .
The accident report does not mention Philadelphia but rather indicates that McCain departed from a now - closed Navy field in New York City on Sunday afternoon and was headed to Norfolk , Va .
In a report dated Jan. 18 , 1966 , the Naval Aviation Safety Center said it could not determine the cause of the accident or corroborate McCain ’s account of an explosion in the engine .
A close examination of the engine found “ no discrepancies which would have caused or contributed to engine failure or malfunction . ”
The report found that McCain , then assigned to squadron VT - 7 in Meridian , Miss. , had made several errors :
He failed to switch the plane ’s power system to battery backup , which “ seriously jeopardized his survival chances . ”
His idea of landing on the drag strip was “ viewed with concern and is indicative of questionable emergency procedure . ”
Advertisement
The report added , “ It may be indeed fortunate that the pilot was not in a position to attempt such a landing . ”
McCain also ejected too late and too low , was not wearing proper flight equipment and positioned his body improperly before ejecting , the report said .
The official record includes comments from pilots in his own squadron who defended McCain ’s actions as “ proper and timely . ”
About two weeks after issuing its report , the safety center revised its findings and said the accident resulted from the failure or malfunction of an “ undetermined component of the engine . ”
Advertisement
Edward M. Morrison , a mechanic for VT - 7 who is now retired and living in Washington state , said that the plane McCain checked out that day had just been refurbished and that he knew of no engine problems .
“ McCain came to the flight line that day , carrying his dress whites , and said , ‘ Give me a pretty plane , ’ ” Morrison said .
“ Nobody had ever asked me for a pretty plane before .
I gave him this one because it was freshly painted .
The next time I saw him , I said , ‘ Do n’t ever ask me for a pretty plane again . ’
I think he laughed . ”
--
In Vietnam
Advertisement
McCain was a pilot on the carrier Forrestal , off the coast of Vietnam , when one of the worst accidents in Navy history killed 134 crew members and damaged or destroyed various aircraft , including McCain’s .
On July 29 , 1967 , he and other pilots were preparing for a bombing raid when a Zuni rocket from one of the planes misfired .
The rocket hit the plane next to McCain ’s , killing the pilot , igniting jet fuel and touching off a chain of explosions , according to the Navy investigation .
McCain , who jumped from the nose of his jet and ran through the flames , suffered minor shrapnel wounds .
Three months later , McCain was on his 23rd bombing mission over North Vietnam when a surface - to - air missile struck his A - 4 attack jet .
He was flying 3,000 feet above Hanoi .
Advertisement
A then - secret report issued in 1967 by McCain ’s squadron said the aviators had learned to stay at an altitude of 4,000 to 10,000 feet in heavy surface - to - air missile environments and look for approaching missiles .
“ Once the SAM was visually acquired , it was relatively easy to outmaneuver it by a diving maneuver followed by a high - G pull - up .
The critical problem comes during multiple SA - II attacks ( 6 - 12 missiles ) , when it is not possible to see or maneuver with each missile . ”
The American aircraft had instruments that warned pilots with a certain tone when North Vietnamese radar tracked them and another tone when a missile locked on them .
In his autobiography , McCain said 22 missiles were fired at his squadron that day .
“ I knew I should roll out and fly evasive maneuvers , ‘ jinking , ’ in fliers ’ parlance , when I heard the tone , ” he wrote .
But , he said , he continued on and released his bombs .
Then a missile blew off his right wing .
Advertisement
Vietnam veterans said McCain did exactly what they did on almost every mission .
Frank Tullo , an Air Force pilot who flew 100 missions over North Vietnam , said his missile warning receiver constantly sounded in his cockpit .
“ Nobody broke off on a bombing run , ” said Tullo , later a commercial pilot and now an accident investigation instructor at USC .
“ It was a matter of manhood . ”
--
Advertisement
ralph.vartabedian@ latimes.com
richard.serrano@latimes.com
US taxpayers could be on the hook for as much as $ 24 billion to rescue embattled Washington Mutual , the country ’s No. 1 savings and loan , a top banking analyst is warning .
The jaw - dropping tab would come in the form of federal mortgage loss guarantees needed to coax a buyer into purchasing WaMu , according to Landeburg Thalmann ’s Dick Bove , whose view on the need for a federal backstop is shared by an official with the Office of Thrift Supervision , WaMu ’s regulator .
Bove , in an exclusive interview with The Post , said the crushing $ 32.5 billion in mortgage defaults he is estimating WaMu will face over the next five quarters will force the federal government to guarantee as much as $ 24 billion in losses on defaulted option - ARM and subprime mortgages and home - equity lines of credit , or HELOCs .
After crunching numbers on WaMu ’s balance sheet , Bove said a sale price for the Seattle - based bank could be in the neighborhood of $ 2 a share .
The possibility that WaMu will be sold , he said , increased recently .
“ Killinger was fighting to shrink the balance sheet and keep the bank independent , ” Bove told The Post .
“ By adding Fishman , who ’s known as a guy who can get a bank ready for a sale , they removed an important obstacle . ”
Bove was referring to the ouster last week of Kerry Killinger , the longtime WaMu CEO , who had steadfastly balked at selling the thrift .
Alan Fishman , the new CEO , was in charge of Independence Savings Bank when it was sold to Sovereign in 2006 .
WaMu shares have fallen 80 percent this year under the weight of a balance sheet that held :
* $ 52.9 billion in Option ARM mortgages .
* $ 60.4 billion in HELOC loans .
* $ 16.1 billion in subprime mortgages .
Killinger fueled WaMu ’s rapid expansion by pressing hard into the dicey areas of the negative amortization mortgage business .
Bove estimates that 25 percent of WaMu ’s holdings in these three products – or $ 32.4 billion could be a loss by the end of 2009 .
An OTS official , speaking on the condition of anonymity , agreed with Bove ’s loss rates but saw even higher loss rates , at 35 percent on some regions .
With its mortgage assets crumbling , WaMu has been working hard to maintain its deposit base – $ 181.9 billion as of June 30 – by offering some of the best interest rates in the sector .
The move seems to have worked as WaMu reported last week that the deposit base held steady .
One veteran mergers and acquisition - focused banker who has recently reviewed the bank ’s books described Washington Mutual ’s predicament as one of the most challenging he ’d seen .
The potential acquirers of WaMu include Wells Fargo , HSBC and Royal Bank of Canada and the Royal Bank of Scotland .
Bove thinks Wells Fargo would benefit the most from savings in combining similar operation costs , and is the most viable candidate for a WaMu buy .
Wells Fargo has told analysts they continue to look for acquisitions in banking that have fill - in opportunities .
It refused to comment further .
While taxpayers are likely to take a hit on WaMu , TPG , the private equity group that recently invested in the thrift at $ 8 a share , will get back 100 percent of its investment if there is a change of control in WaMu within 18 months .
Two - Headed Tortoise Born In China
A double - headed tortoise weighing only 17g ( 6 ounces ) was recently found in Wuwei , Anhui Province , China .
Chinese scientists were shocked to discover a rare Mediterranean spur - thighed , two - headed tortoise among a shipment of baby tortoises ordered from a local farm where a worker was said to have bought it from a fisherman some two months ago .
They are currently studying this creature that is in good health and is being cared for by the scientists conducting the research .
Initially worried that the tiny mutant reptile would not survive , their fears have been allayed by the fact that in comparison to its siblings , which are all developing at a steady and very normal rate of growth at their home at the Water World Aquatic Farm in the town of Anhui in eastern China , this little baby is thriving and eating twice as much !
“ We got it two weeks ago and it ’s growing fast , probably because it can eat twice as fast as the others .
It ’s very rare to see a turtle with two heads , and we plan to keep it and raise it carefully for future research , ”  said Jimmy Hu , a Water World spokesman .
Is that old axiom about two heads being better than one really true ?
Only time and possibly turtles will tell .
( Link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
JavaScript 's class - less objects JavaScript 's class - less objects by Stoyan Stefanov Java and JavaScript are very different languages , although the similarity in the names and the similar C - like syntax confuses people sometimes .
Let 's take a look at one pretty major difference and that is how objects are created .
In Java , you have classes .
Then objects , a.k.a. instances , are created based on those classes .
In JavaScript , there are no classes and objects are more like hash tables of key - value pairs .
Then what about inheritance ?
OK , one step at a time .
JavaScript objects
When you think about a JavaScript object , think a hash .
That 's all there is to objects - they are just collections of name - value pairs , where the values can be anything including other objects and functions .
When an object 's property is a function , you can also call it a method .
This is an empty object : var myobj = {} ; Now you can start adding some meaningful functionality to this object : myobj.name = " My precious " ; myobj .
getName = function ( ) {return this .
name} ;
Note a few things here : this inside a method refers to the current object , as expected
inside a method refers to the current object , as expected you can add / tweak / remove properties at any time , not only during creation Another way to create an object and add properties / methods to it at the same time is like this : var another = { name : ' My other precious ' , getName : function ( ) { return this .
name ; } } ;
This syntax is the so - called object literal notation - you wrap everything in curly braces { and } and separate the properties inside the object with a comma .
Key :value pairs are separated by colons .
This syntax is not the only way to create objects though .
Constructor functions Another way to create a JavaScript object is by using a constructor function .
Here 's an example of a constructor function : function ShinyObject ( name ) { this .
name = name ; this .getName = function ( ) { return this .
name ; } } Now creating an object is much more Java - like : var my = new ShinyObject ( ' ring ' ) ; var myname = my.getName( ) ; // " ring "
There is no difference in the syntax for creating a constructor function as opposed to any other function , the difference is in the usage .
If you invoke a function with new , it creates and returns an object and , via this , you have access to modifying the object before you return it .
By convention , though , constructor functions are named with a capital letter to distinguish visually from normal functions and methods .
So which way is better - object literal or constructor function ?
Well , that depends on your specific task .
For example , if you need to create many different , yet similar objects , then the class - like constructors may be the right choice .
But if your object is more of a one - off singleton , then object literal is definitely simpler and shorter .
OK then , so since there are no classes , how about inheritance ?
Before we get there , here comes a little surprise - in JavaScript functions are actually objects .
( Actually in JavaScript pretty much everything is an object , with the exception of the few primitive data types - string , boolean , number and undefined .
Functions are objects , arrays are objects , even null is an object .
Furthermore , the primitive data types can also be converted and used as objects , so for example " string " .
length is valid . )
Function objects and prototype property In JavaScript , functions are objects .
They can be assigned to variables , you can add properties and methods to them and so on .
Here 's an example of a function : var myfunc = function ( param ) { alert ( param ) ; } ; This is pretty much the same as : function myfunc ( param ) { alertparam ) ; } No matter how you create the function , you end up with a myfunc object and you can access its properties and methods .
alert ( myfunc.length ) ; // alerts 1 , the number of parameters alert ( myfunc.toString ( ) ) ; // alerts the source code of the function
One of the interesting properties that every function object has is the prototype property .
As soon as you create a function , it automatically gets a prototype property which points to an empty object .
Of course , you can modify the properties of that empty object .
alert ( typeof myfunc.prototype ) ; // alerts " object " myfunc.prototype.test = 1 ; // completely OK to do so The question is how is this prototype thing useful ?
It 's used only when you invoke a function as a constructor to create objects .
When you do so , the objects automatically get a secret link to the prototype 's properties and can accees them as their own properties .
Confusing ?
Let 's see an example .
A new function : function ShinyObject ( name ) { this .
name = name ; } A new function : Augmenting the prototype property of the function with some functionality : ShinyObject.prototype.getName = function ( ) { return this .
name ; } ; Using the function as a constructor function to create an object : var iphone = new ShinyObject ( ' my precious ' ) ; iphone.getName( ) ; // returns " my precious "
As you can see the new objects automatically get access to the prototype 's properties .
And when something is getting functionality " for free " , this starts to smell like code reusability and inheritance .
Inheritance via the prototype
Now let 's see how you can use the prototype to implement inheritance .
Here 's a constructor function which will be the parent : function NormalObject ( ) { this .
name = ' normal ' ; this .getName = function ( ) { return this .name ; } ; } Now a second constructor : function PreciousObject ( ) { this .
shiny = true ; this .round = true ; } Now the inheritance part : PreciousObject.prototype = new NormalObject ( ) ; Voila !
Now you can create precious objects and they 'll get all the functionality of the normal objects : var crystal_ball = new PreciousObject ( ) ; crystal_ball.name = ' Ball , Crystal Ball . ' ; alert( crystal_ball.round ) ; // true alert ( crystal_ball.getName ( ) ) ; // " Ball , Crystal Ball . "
Notice how we needed to create an object with new and assign it to the prototype , because the prototype is just an object .
It 's not like one constructor function inherited from another , in essence we inherited from an object .
JavaScript does n't have classes that inherit from other classes , here objects inherit from other objects .
If you have several constructor functions that will inherit NormalObject objects , you may create new NormalObject ( ) every time , but it 's not necessary .
Even the whole NormalObject constructor may not be needed .
Another way to do the same would be to create one ( singleton ) normal object and use it as a base for the other objects .
var normal = { name : ' normal ' , getName : function ( ) { return this .
name ; } } ;
Then the PreciousObject can inherit like this : PreciousObject .
prototype = normal ; Inheritance by copying properties
Since inheritance is all about reusing code , yet another way to implement it is to simply copy properties .
Imagine you have these objects : var shiny = { shiny : true , round : true } ; var normal = { name : ' name me ' , getName : function ( ) { return this .
name ; } } ;
How can shiny get normal 's properties ?
Here 's a simple extend ( ) function that loops through and copies peoperties : function extend ( parent , child ) { for ( var i in parent ) { child [ i ] = parent [ i ] ; } } extend ( normal , shiny ) ; // inherit shiny.getName( ) ; // " name me " Now this property copying may look like overhead and not performing too well , but truth is , for many tasks it 's just fine .
You can also see that this is an easy way to implement mixins and multiple inheritance .
Crockford 's beget object Douglas Crockford , a JavaScript guru and creator of JSON , suggests this interesting begetObject ( ) way of implementing inheritance : function begetObject ( o ) { function F( ) {} F.prototype = o ; return new F( ) ; }
Here you create a temp constructor so you can use the prototype functionality , the idea is that you create a new object , but instead of starting fresh , you inherit some functionality from another , already existing , object .
Parent object : var normal = { name : ' name me ' , getName : function ( ) { return this .
name ; } } ; A new object inheriting from the parent : var shiny = begetObject ( normal ) ;
Augment the new object with more functionality : shiny .
round = true ; shiny .
preciousness = true ; YUI 's extend ( )
Let 's wrap up with yet another way to implement inheritance , which is probably the closest to Java , because in this method , it looks like a constructor function inherits from another constructor function , hence it looks a bit like a class inheriting from a class .
This method is used in the popular YUI JavaScript library ( Yahoo! User Interface ) and here 's a little simplified version : function extend ( Child , Parent ) { var F = function ( ) {} ; F.prototype = Parent.prototype ; Child.prototype = new F( ) ; }
With this method you pass two constructor functions and the first ( the child ) gets all the properties and methods of the second ( the parent ) via the prototype property .
Summary Let 's quickly summarize what we just learned about JavaScript : there are no classes
objects inherit from objects
object literal notation var o = {} ;
constructor functions provide Java - like syntax var o = new Object ( ) ;
functions are objects
all function objects have a prototype property
property
And finally , there are dozens of ways to inmplement inheritance , you can pick and choose depending on your task at hand , personal preferences , team preferences , mood or the current phase of the Moon .
Author and credits Stoyan Stefanov is a senior Yahoo !
developer , YSlow tool lead , open - source contributor , blogger and technical writer , most recently the author of " Object - Oriented JavaScript " published by Packt .
The theme for the shiny object examples are inspired by Jim Bumgardner 's Theory of the Precious Object Douglas Crockford 's beget object - article here Discuss this article in The Big Moose Saloon !
Return to Top
Using Wicket Labels and Links Using Wicket Labels and Links by Martijn Dashorst and Eelco Hillenius
This article is taken from the book Wicket in Action by Martijn Dashorst and Eelco Hillenius and published by Manning Publications .
This segment covers Wicket labels and links .
For the table of contents , the Author Forum , and other resources , go to http://www.manning.com/dashorst/.
Apache Wicket is an open source Java component oriented web framework .
With Wicket you build web applications using just Java and HTML .
This article is an excerpt from the Wicket in Action book where we take a closer look at two types of components that are provided by the Wicket framework .
First we 'll look at components that render text : labels .
Next we 'll look at components that allow you to provide navigation in your application : links .
If you want to learn more about Wicket or Wicket in Action see the list of resources at the end of this article .
Let 's take a closer look at displaying text with labels .
Displaying text with label components Displaying text with label components}
As we mentioned earlier , the first incarnation of the web was static : all pages consisted of hard - coded text , with links between the pages .
Soon people wanted to show dynamic text on their websites , such as visitor counters , the current date , news headlines , product data from a database , and so forth .
In this section , you 'll see different components that display dynamic text .
The first component is one you 've seen already on numerous occasions : the Label .
Using the Label component to render text The Label component is used to display text .
The text can be anything : for example , the name of a customer , a description of a cheese , the weight of a cheese , the number of items in a shopping cart , or a fully marked up Wikipedia article .
In previous chapters , we 've presented many examples that show the Label in action .
For instance , the front page of our cheese store contains many labels .
Figure 1 identifies the labels on a screenshot of that page .
Figure 1 : Identifying Label components on the front page of chapter 3's cheese store .
Each label is responsible for displaying asingle aspect : the cheese 's name , description , or price .
As a reminder of how labels work in code , let 's return to the Hello World example shown in listing A Listing A : Rendering the Hello World example with a Label component <!-- markup file --> < span wicket : id=" message " > text goes here </ span > // java code add ( new Label ( " message " , " Hello , World ! " ) ) ; <!-- final rendered markup --> < span wicket : id=" message " >
Hello , World !</ span>
The Label component is bound to the span tags in our markup using the component identifier message .
The contents of the span tags are replaced by the text we provide in the Java code , as evidenced by the final markup .
In this example , we provide the label directly with a string , but this is n't the only way for a label to obtain the text to display .
You can pass in any model implementation ?
for example you could use the compound property model which would use the component identifier to give the label access to the display text ( see also section 4.2.3 ) .
When the model value is n't a String , Wicket will convert the model value to a String using the registered convertors .
When no convertor could be found Wicket will call the model value 's toString method to convert the model value to a String .
See chapter 12 for more information on convertors .
In our examples , we often use the span tag to create a label , but labels are n't limited to the span tag .
You can add a label to almost any tag in your markup .
The only caveat is that the markup must have a content body .
For instance , it does n't make much sense to attach a Label component to img tags .
Listing B shows some possible markup choices for a Label component .
Listing B : Examples of markup with a Label component attached <!-- markup --> < span wicket : id= " label1 " >
Will be replaced </ span > < td wicket : id =" label2 " >[ name ] </td > < h1 wicket : id =" label3 " > title goes here </ h1 > Name : < span wicket : id= " name " ></ span > < div wicket : id= " label4 " ></div > /* Java code */ add ( new Label ( " label1 " , " Hello , World ! " ) ) ; add ( new Label ( " label2 " , new PropertyModel ( person , " name " ) ) ) ; add ( new Label ( " label3 " , " Wicket in Action " ) ) ; add ( new Label ( " name " ) ) ; add ( new Label ( " label4 " , new Resource Model ( " key " , " default " ) ) ) ; # A <!-- output --> < span wicket : id= " label1 " >
Hello , World !</ span > < td wicket : id= " label2 " > John Doe </ td > < h1 wicket : id =" label3 " > title goes here </ h1 > Name : < span wicket : id = " name " > Parmesan </ span > < div wicket : id= " label4 " > standaard waarde</div > # B # A Internationalized text # B Dutch for " default "
As you can see , the label works the same way even when attached to different markup tags .
The Label component replaces anything inside it with the text that comes from the provided model ( in this example , the provided strings ) .
Listing B also shows several ways to provide the text to display : a static string , a property model , a compound property model , and a resource model ( used to provide internationalized messages , as discussed in chapter 12 ) .
NOTE : You can nest example markup for preview purposes within a label 's tags , but you can't nest Wicket components inside a label .
If you do , it will result in an exception .
At render time , the label replaces everything between the start and end tags , including any markup if present .
A Label component is great for displaying short amounts of text such as names , weights , dates , and prices .
But how do you display longer text , such as descriptions , and preserve multiple lines ?
Displaying multiple lines using a MultiLineLabel Often , you 'll get text from a user ( for instance , through a comment form on a blog ) that contains basic formatting created using newlines .
As you may know , HTML ignores most whitespace if it is n't contained in < pre > tags .
How can you display strings that are n't HTML but that contain basic formatting in the form of newline characters ?
Listing C shows a page that exhibits this problem .
Listing C : Displaying a preformatted message that spans multiple lines /* java code */ public MyPage extends Webpage { public MyPage ( ) { add ( new Label ( " message " , " Hello ,
World !
I 'm super ! " ) ) ; } } <!-- markup --> < html > < body > < span wicket : id=" message " >
Text goes here </ span > < body > < html >
In this example , we want to display the text " Hello , World ! I 'm super ! " across three lines .
If you run the example , you 'll see that this does n't happen .
Your browser reformats the text and puts it all on the same line .
To solve this problem , Wicket has a special Label component that takes into account multiple text lines : the MultiLineLabel .
The MultiLineLabel inserts line breaks ( br tags ) for single - line breaks in your text and paragraph tags ( p tags ) for multiline breaks in your text .
In our example , the code renders as follows : < span wicket : id= " message " >< p >
Hello , < br /> World !<br/>I 'm super !<br/></p></span>
This gives the desired result , as shown in figure 2 , which displays the output of a normal label and a multiline label next to each other .
Figure 2 : Comparing the output of a normal label and a multiline label when using Java formatting inside the model text Now that you know how to render plain text containing basic formatting , how can you render text that needs to be bold or italic , or a heading inside a label ?
Displaying formatted text using labels Sometimes , you want to display more than just the name of a cheese .
You may want to stress part of your message or display user - generated formatting .
Because you 're working in a web environment , and the lingua franca for controlling formatting is HTML , it 's logical to provide the label with HTML markup inside the text .
What happens when you give the label some markup in its model ?
Look at the following snippet : <!-- markup --> < span wicket : id= " markup " ></ span > /* Java code */ add ( new Label ( " markup " , " < h1> Hello !</h1 > " ) ) ;
Using this code , we expect the text " Hello ! " to be displayed in big , bold letters .
But this is n't the case .
Figure 3 shows the undesired result together with the desired output .
Figure 3 : Label with and without escaped markup .
Using setEscapeModelStrings , you can tell Wicket not to escape markup tags and to display formatted HTML the way it was intended .
The left screenshot is n't what we expect : instead of big , bold text , we get the cryptic markup we put in the label .
The tags we put into the label have been escaped , presenting us with the verbatim contents instead of the properly formatted value .
In the following , you can see how Wicket has rendered the contents in the final markup : < span wicket : id= " markup " >< h1 > Hello !</h1></span>
Wicket has escaped the < and > characters and replaced them with their corresponding XML entities (< and > respectively ) .
By setting a flag on the component , you can tell Wicket to render the contents without escaping .
Look at the next Java snippet : add ( new Label ( " markup " , " < h1 > Hello !</h1 >" ).setEscapeModelStrings(false ) ) ;
The call to setEscapeModelStrings tells
Wicket not to escape the contents of the provided string , and to render the contents into the resulting markup .
This did the trick , as you can see in the right screenshot in figure 5.4 .
Note that this setting is available on all Wicket components , but it 's primarily useful on labels .
Beware of script injection attacks
When you give your users the ability to enter HTML markup into your application , through either a text input field or a text area , and you render this directly back to the client , the users can play dirty tricks by injecting JavaScript into your pages .
Such tricks can range from opening pages on other websites ( spam ) to more dangerous exploits like key loggers recording credit - card information and passwords .
Most browsers prevent cross -site scripting ( XSS ) , but you can't be careful enough when it comes to security .
As an example , if we change the model of our label to the following , and escaping is turned off , clicking the message results in a pop - up : " < h1 onclick = ' alert ( \" clicked ! \ " ) ; '> Click me</h1 > "
As an example , if we change the model of our label to the following , and escaping is turned off , clicking the message results in a pop-up :
Be careful when you open up this possibility , and filter the markup to remove any scripting before you store it .
Displaying text on the web is rewarding in its own , but if your users are unable to navigate to the page that contains the text , it 's virtually useless .
Let 's return to table 5.1 and continue with the next category of components : navigational links .
Navigating using links
Taking a stroll down memory lane , the internet was once called the information superhighway ( yes , we 're that old ) .
If we use that term , it is n't hard to imagine that the exits are formed by links .
On a normal highway , an exit takes you off the highway to places where you stop to do things : shop , work , relax , or see a movie .
The same holds for links : they may take users to our cheese store , where they can buy cheese for lasagna ; to an administrative system that will help them work ; or to YouTube for some Friday afternoon entertainment .
Wicket provides several abstractions for links .
There are links suited to perform an action ( and navigate afterward ) , links that navigate only to another part of an application , and links that navigate to another website .
In this section , we 'll take a closer look at the navigation links listed in table 5.1 .
Let 's first discuss static links to external websites .
Linking to documents using static links
In plain markup , you typically link between pages using the < a href > tag .
This tag contains the URL of the document you 're linking to .
For instance , Wicket is an example of a link to the Wicket home page .
You can use this type of link directly in your Wicket pages .
Static links can be useful in web applications or websites .
Perhaps you want to link to the Wicket website by displaying a ' Powered by Wicket ' logo , or provide a link to your corporate intranet site or another web application .
As long as the link is static , in the sense that you do n't need to retrieve the link from a database or construct it using Java code , you can add the link directly to the markup of your page .
Let 's see how that looks on our Hello World page by adding a Powered by Wicket link .
Listing D shows the corresponding markup .
Listing D : An example of a static link in the markup of a Wicket page <!-- markup --> < html > < body > < h1 wicket : id=" message " >[ text goes here ] </ h1 > < a href = " http://wicket.apache.org "
>Powered by Wicket </a> </ body > </html > /* Java code */ public HelloWorldPage extends WebPage { public HelloWorldPage ( ) { add ( new Label ( " message " , " Hello , World ! " ) ) ; } }
As you can see , the < a href > tag does n't contain a Wicket component identifier , and it 's seen by Wicket as static markup .
The Java code for this page only adds the Label component : there is no Java counterpart for the static link .
This is fine when you know the exact URL up front and the URL remains static , but how can you create links to an external site when the URL comes from an external data source ( such as a database ) ?
Using ExternalLink to render links programmatically
To enable our plan for world cheese domination , would n't it be nice to link to recipes using each cheese ?
This would definitely increase sales , because our customers could immediately see ways to use a particular cheese .
Say we find a partner that already has a recipe website with many recipes containing cheese .
All we need to do is link our cheeses to the recipes .
We add a recipe concept to our domain model , including a name and the URL to the recipe .
Now that we have a way to store a URL to the recipe , how can we render it into our page ?
Using the ExternalLink component , we can link to any URL on the web and have the URL come from anywhere .
The next snippet shows how to link to recipe that uses a cheese : add ( new ExternalLink ( " link " , recipe.getUrl( ) , recipe.getName ( ) ) ) ;
In this example , we generate the URL and the contents of the link .
For a good lasagna recipe , this would generate the following : < a href = " http://recipes.com/lasagna ">lasagna</a>
If you do n't provide contents for the link , it keeps what is in the original markup template .
It 's also possible to use models with the external link for both the URL and contents : add ( new ExternalLink ( " link " , new Property Model ( recipe , " link " ) , new Property Model ( recipe , " name " ) ) ;
The external link is an easy way to create links to external content from within your Java code .
Static links are handy to link to externally available resources , but how do you link to pages inside your Wicket application ?
Several possibilities exist for navigating between pages , including BookmarkablePageLinks .
Linking to Wicket pages with BookmarkablePageLinks
Imagine a highway on which you can create your own exits – exits that take you directly to your destination , without detours .
The links you 've seen thus far give you access to predefined locations , usually outside your control .
With the BookmarkablePageLink component , you can give others direct access to locations inside our application .
When you create a BookmarkablePageLink to point to a Wicket page , it renders a link that enables
Wicket to create the page later , without having any previous knowledge of where the user has been .
The link can be shared with other people and can be retrieved at any time , even when the user has n't visited the site in a long time .
For example , your home page , the details page for a cheese , a blog entry , and a news article are all prime examples of good pages to link to .
Basically , anything your customers want to share with one another ?
typically by sending a link over e-mail ?
or want to remember for future reference is a good candidate to be accessed through a BookmarkablePageLink .
Generating a link to a page for use in emails
When you want to send a user a link to a page in your application you can use the urlFor method to generate the URL to the page .
The next snippet generates a link to a registration confirmation page : String url = urlFor( ConfirmRegistrationPage.class , new PageParameters ( " id= " + registrationId ) ) ; String msg =
" Click on the following link :
" + url + "
to confirm your registration . " ;
The urlFor method is also used to generate URLs to event listeners or resource listeners .
It is a method on the Component class so you can use it almost anywhere .
As an example , we 'll add a details link to each cheese on the front page .
The link will point to a details page for each cheese ; this page will show information about the linked cheese .
Using this example , we 'll show the various ways of creating links to Wicket pages .
We need a link tag in our markup file and a corresponding BookmarkablePageLink component in our Java file .
Listing E shows how to create a bookmarkable link to the details page .
Listing E : Creating a bookmarkable link <!-- markup --> < a href= " # " wicket : id = " link " > more information </ a> /* java code */ add(new BookmarkablePageLink ( " link " , CheeseDetailsPage.class ) ) ;
The < a href > tag has an href attribute containing # .
This is done to show a proper link in the document when we preview it in the browser ;
Wicket will replace it with the URL of the page the link is pointing to .
The Java code adds the link to the component hierarchy and tells Wicket to create the CheeseDetailsPage page when the link is clicked .
Figure 4 shows how our front page looks after we 've added the More Information link
Figure 4 : Adding a bookmarkable link to the front page of our cheese store .
It links to a details page for each cheese .
The screen on the right shows the details page after we clicked the link .
Our current implementation of the link has one problem : we have n't specified the cheese for which we want to show details !
When the cheese details page is created , how do we know which cheese 's details should be shown ?
We need to provide the details page with more information .
The link generates a URL that contains all the information needed to create the page .
URLs can contain request parameters that are passed to the page , so the page can react to that information .
Wicket encapsulates those request parameters in PageParameters .
Adding parameters to a bookmarkable page link
First we need to consider what you can put into URL parameters .
According to internet standard RFC - 1738 , a URL may consist only of alphanumerics : 0 - 9 , a-z , and A - Z. Special characters and whitespace must be escaped .
This means that we have to convert Java objects into string representations before we can use them as URL parameters .
Given the URL 's limitations , we can't just put a cheese object into the URL .
Even if it were possible to pack all the details of the cheese into the URL , doing so would n't be appropriate , considering that the URL can be bookmarked and stored for a long time .
If someone bookmarks a cheese with a discount price of , say , $ 1 and then opens the bookmark two months later when the price has returned to $ 2.50 , that would be a bummer .
Plus , a malicious user could attempt to modify the URL and change the price directly .
Instead of storing the whole object into the URL , you can store a unique property based on which you can reconstitute the object .
The object identifier is a good candidate , as is a more businesslike key such as a customer number or , in our case , the name of the cheese .
Let 's assume we can load a cheese based on its name .
We add the parameter to the URL in the following code : PageParameters pars = new PageParameters ( ) ; pars.add ( " name " , cheese.getName( ) ) ; add ( new BookmarkablePageLink ( " link " , CheeseDetailsPage.class , pars ) ) ;
Because the parameters are stored and rendered as strings , you can only add string values to the parameters .
You can add as many parameters to the link as you want , as long as you do n't exceed the maximum URL length ( depending on the browser , about 2,000 characters for Internet Explorer and 4,000 for other browsers ) .
Without any specific configuration , Wicket generates the URL shown in figure 5 .
Figure 5 : The URL as generated by the bookmarkable link .
The URL contains all the information needed to create the details page and retrieve the cheese object based on its name .
This is by many standards an ugly URL .
It looks complicated , it 's long , and it shows information we 'd rather hide from our users , such as the package name .
In chapter 14 , we 'll look at ways to generate prettier URLs .
Now that we have the link side covered , what happens when someone clicks the link ?
As you can see in figure 5.5 , the class name of the page is contained within the URL .
Wicket tries to create that page .
For this to work , the page needs to be bookmarkable .
Getting your page to work with BookmarkablePageLinks
A page is considered bookmarkable if
It has a constructor that has no arguments ( also known as a default constructor ) , or
It has a constructor that takes a PageParameters instance as the only argument
These are the only two constructors Wicket can invoke on its own .
A page can have both constructors and additional constructors with other parameters .
But when called upon to instantiate a page , Wicket prefers the constructor with PageParameters if it 's available .
The next example shows a page with three constructors where two fall into the bookmarkable category : public class CheeseDetailsPage extends WebPage { public CheeseDetailsPage ( ) { # 1 } public CheeseDetailsPage ( PageParameters parameters ) { # 2 } public CheeseDetailsPage ( Cheese cheese ) { # 3 } } # 1
Bookmarkable constructor # 2 Bookmarkable preferred constructor # 3 Non-bookmarkable type - safe constructor
In this example , Wicket does n't use the default constructor # 1 , because Wicket always prefers the constructor with PageParameters # 2 .
But the default constructor is still useful inside your code , because it makes it ( a bit ) easier to create the page yourself .
As long as the page has either of these two constructors , it can be used successfully in a bookmarkable link .
If the page had only the constructor with a Cheese parameter # 3 , it would n't be possible to reference it in a bookmarkable link or , to be more precise , Wicket would n't know how to create a new instance of the page with only the Cheese constructor , and would generate an error .
This is the case because Wicket can't determine which cheese needs to be passed in as a parameter .
You can still use this constructor if you know how to get a cheese instance based the page parameters .
Listing F shows how to parse PageParameters and use the type - safe constructor .
Listing F : Parsing page parameters to retrieve a Cheese objectA public class CheeseDetailsPage extends WebPage { // bookmarkable constructor public CheeseDetailsPage ( PageParameters parameters ) { # 1 super ( parameters ) ;
Cheese cheese = null ; if ( parameters.containsKey ( " name " ) { # 2 String name = parameters.getString ( " name " ) ; CheeseDao dao = ... ; cheese = dao.getCheeseByName( name ) ; } createComponents ( cheese ) ; } // non-bookmarkable constructor public CheeseDetailsPage ( Cheese cheese ) { # 3 createComponents ( cheese ) ; } private void createComponents ( Cheese cheese ) { // do cheesy stuff with the cheese } } # 1 Bookmarkable constructor # 2 Retrieve cheese using name # 3 Non-bookmarkable type - safe constructor
When the CheeseDetailsPage is created using the constructor with PageParameters # 1 we parse the parameters and retrieve the value for the parameter name # 2 .
We call the createComponents method to create the component hierarchy .
This method is also called in our non-bookmarkable constructor # 3 to avoid code duplication .
Parsing PageParameters
The PageParameters class lets you get converted parameters from the URL .
For example , PageParameters has a getInteger ( key ) method that looks up the key in the URL and tries to convert its value to an integer .
If this fails , it throws a conversion error .
People like to modify the URLs in their browser bar , so you may get strange requests to your pages .
Wicket shows a default error page if it encounters such malice .
To show a friendlier page at a local level , you should surround the querying of the page parameters with a try - catch block .
In our example , we could show a page that proposes , " Sorry we could n't find the cheese you were looking for , but how about this Beenleigh Blue for just $ 10 ?
We 've covered a lot of ground and let many concepts and components pass by .
Let 's take a break and let Wicket do all the heavy lifting for us .
All the links we 've discussed so far require you to add links in both the markup and the Java file .
For simple links to pages and resources , it would be nice to automate this process .
Adding bookmarkable links automatically with wicket : link Previously , we showed you how to create bookmarkable links to pages in your web application .
To make this work , you have to add the links to the markup and add a BookmarkablePageLink component to the page class .
If you have many pages that are accessible through bookmarkable links , this is a lot of work to do by hand .
The special wicket : link tags in a markup file instruct Wicket to automatically create bookmarkable link components for the links inside the tags .
Let 's see how this works with auto - linking to two pages .
First , look at the markup file in the next example : < html > < body > < wicket : link > |# A < ul > < li >< a href= " package1/Page1.html " > Page1</a></li> |# B < li >< a href= " package2/Page2.html " > Page2</a></li> |# C </ul > </wicket:link > </ body > </html > # A
Auto - link block # B Links to com.wia.package1.Page1 # C Links to com.wia.package2.Page2
Wicket automatically creates components for these links when they point to existing pages based on the value of the " href " attribute .
In this example , Wicket auto - creates two bookmarkable links one to com.wia.package1.
Page1 and the other to com.wia.package2.Page2 when the current page is in package com.wia .
Note that a link is rendered as disabled when it would point to the current page .
Figure 6 shows how this might look in your browser .
Figure 6 Auto - linking in action .
The link to the current page is rendered as disabled by replacing the link tag with a span , and rendering the text using an em-tag ( this is configurable ) .
You can also use this auto - link facility to add links to packaged resources such as style sheets and JavaScript files ( you can learn more about this subject in chapter 9 ) .
wicket : link saves manual labor : you do n't have to add the bookmarkable links yourself .
Note that wicket : link is not refactoring safe : when you move pages between packages , you should modify the links inside the wicket : link section in your markup as well .
wicket : link is merely a convenience rather than an all encompassing solution to your linking problems – especially when the links have to respond to user actions .
In this article , we looked at a some Wicket components : the basic ingredients that enable you to build web applications using Wicket .
You learned how to render plain text , formatted text , and text containing HTML to the browser .
Although rendering text containing HTML is handy and gives you and your users great power , you should n't ignore the safety concerns that stem from this approach .
Your site wo n't be the first to fall prey to insertion attacks .
Displaying content is important for any web application , but an application is more than a set of pages without relationships .
Using links , you can navigate to other websites with ExternalLinks or within your own application .
With BookmarkablePageLinks , you let users store a bookmark to a particular spot of interest in the application or site ( for instance , an article ) .
We hope that this article has interested you into learning more about Wicket and its components .
You can learn more about Wicket by reading the first chapter of Wicket in Action for free , and by using the links provided in the resources .
Resources Apache Wicket
Wicket in Action , Dashorst and Hillenius
Introducing Apache Wicket , Heudecker Discuss this article in The Big Moose Saloon !
Return to Top
Dependency Injection - What is Scope ?
Dependency Injection - What is Scope ? by Dhanji R. Prasanna
This article is excerpted from the upcoming book Dependency Injection by Dhanji R. Prasanna and published by Manning Publications .
It introduces the concept of scope and the role it plays in application design .
For the table of contents , the Author Forum , and other resources , go to http://www.manning.com/prasanna/.
In one sentence , scope is a fixed duration of time or method calls in which an object exists .
In other words , a scope is a context under which a given key refers to the same instance .
Another way to look at this is to think of scope as the amount of time an object 's state persists .
When the scope context ends , any objects bound under that scope are said to be out of scope and cannot be injected again in other instances .
State is important in any application .
It is used to incrementally build up data or responsibility .
State is also often used to track the context of certain processes , for instance , to track objects in the same database transaction .
In this article we 'll talk about some of the general purpose scopes : singleton and no-scope .
These are scopes that are universally applicable in managing state .
We 'll also take a look at managing state in specific kinds of applications , particularly the Web .
Managing user - specific state is a major part of scoping for the web , and this is what the request , session , flash and conversation scopes provide .
We 'll look at a couple of implementations of these with regard to Guice and Spring , and how they may be applied in building practical web applications .
First , a primer on scope .
Understanding Scope
The real power of scope is that it you can model the state of your objects declaratively .
By telling the injector that a particular key is bound under a scope , you can move the construction and wiring of objects to the injector 's purview .
This has some important benefits :
Let the injector manage the latent state of your objects
Ensure that your services get new instances of dependencies as needed
Implicitly separate state by context ( for example , two HTTP requests imply different contexts )
Reduce the necessity for state - aware application logic ( which makes code much easier to test and reason about )
Scope properly applied means that code working in a particular context is oblivious to that context .
And it is the injector 's responsibility to manage these contexts .
Not only does this mean that you have an added separation between infrastructure and application logic , but also that the same services can be used for many purposes simply by altering their scopes .
Take this example of a family bathroom and their toothpaste : family.give ( " Joanie " , injector.getInstance( Toothpaste.class ) ) ; family.give ( " Jackie " , injector.getInstance( Toothpaste.class ) ) ; family.give ( " Sachin " , injector.getInstance( Toothpaste.class ) ) ;
Simply looking at this code we can say that the Toothpaste is used by Joanie first , then Jackie and finally by Sachin .
We might also guess that each family member receives the same tube of toothpaste .
If the tube were especially small , Sachin might be left with no paste at all ( as per figure 1 ) .
Figure 1 : The injector distributes the same instance of toothpaste to all family members
This is an example of context : all three family members use the same bathroom , and therefore have access to the same instance of Toothpaste .
It is exactly the same as the following program , using construction by hand : Toothpaste toothpaste = new FluorideToothpaste ( ) ; family.give ( " Joanie " , toothpaste ) ; family.give ( " Jackie " , toothpaste ) ; family .give ( " Sachin " , toothpaste ) ;
If this were the whole life of the injector , then only one instance of Toothpaste is ever created and used .
In other words , Toothpaste is bound under singleton scope .
If however , each family member had their own bathrooms ( each with its own tube of toothpaste ) then the semantics would change considerably ( as shown in figure 2 ) .
Figure 2 : The injector now creates a new toothpaste instance for each family member family.give ( " Joanie " , injector.getInstance( Toothpaste.class ) ) ; family.give ( " Jackie " , injector.getInstance( Toothpaste.class ) ) ; family.give ( " Sachin " , injector.getInstance( Toothpaste.class ) ) ;
Nothing has changed in code , but now a new instance of Toothpaste is available to each family member .
And now there is no danger of Sachin being deprived of toothpaste by Joanie or Jackie .
In this case , the context under which each object operates is unique ( that is , their own bathrooms ) .
You can think of this as the opposite of singleton scoping .
Technically this is like having no scope at all .
The No-scope ( or default scope )
In a sense , no - scope fulfills the functions of scope , as it : provides new instances transparently ,
is managed by the injector , and
associates a service ( key ) with some context
Or does it ?
The first two points are indisputable .
However , there arises some difficulty in determining exactly what context it represents .
To get a better idea of no - scope 's semantics , let 's dissect the example of the toothpaste from earlier .
We saw that it took no change in the use of objects to alter their scope .
The family.give ( ) sequence looks exactly the same for both singleton and no- scope : family.give ( " Joanie " , injector.getInstance( Toothpaste.class ) ) ; family.give ( " Jackie " , injector.getInstance( Toothpaste.class ) ) ; family.give ( " Sachin " , injector.getInstance( Toothpaste.class ) ) ;
Or , expanded using construction by hand ( modeled in figure 3 ) : Toothpaste toothpaste = new FluorideToothpaste ( ) ; family.give ( " Joanie " , toothpaste ) ; toothpaste = new FluorideToothpaste ( ) ; family.give ( " Jackie " , toothpaste ) ; toothpaste = new FluorideToothpaste ( ) ; family.give ( " Sachin " , toothpaste ) ;
Figure 3 : Each member of the family receives their own instance of Toothpaste
In no -scope , every reference to Toothpaste implies a new toothpaste instance .
We likened this to the family having three bathrooms , one for each member .
However , this is not exactly accurate .
For instance , if Sachin brushed his teeth twice : family.give ( " Joanie " , injector.getInstance( Toothpaste.class ) ) ; family.give ( " Jackie " , injector.getInstance( Toothpaste.class ) ) ; family.give ( " Sachin " , injector.getInstance( Toothpaste.class ) ) ; family.give ( " Sachin " , injector.getInstance( Toothpaste.class ) ) ; ... you would end up with a total of four Toothpaste instances ( see figure 4 ) .
Figure 4 : There are now four instances of Toothpaste , for each use Now , in our conceptual model , there were only three bathrooms .
But in practice there were four tubes of toothpaste .
This means that no - scope cannot be relied on to adhere to any conceptual context .
No - scope means that every time an injector looks for a given key ( one bound under no - scope ) , it will construct and wire a new instance .
Furthermore , let 's say Sachin took Joanie on vacation and only Jackie was left at home .
She would brush her teeth once , as follows : family.give ( " Jackie " , injector.getInstance( Toothpaste.class ) ) ;
And this would mean only one instance of Toothpaste was ever created for the life of the application .
This was exactly what happened with singleton scoping , but this time it was purely accidental that it did .
Given these two extremes , it is difficult to lay down any kind of strict rules for context with no -scope .
You could say , perhaps , that no -scope is a split - second scope where the context is entirely tied to referents of a key .
This would be a reasonable supposition .
Contrast singleton and no -scope in figure 5 .
Figure 5 : Timeline of contexts , contrasting singleton and no-scopes No- scope is a very powerful tool for working with injector - managed components .
This is partly because it allows a certain amount of flexibility in scaling upward .
Dependents that exist for longer times ( or in wider scopes ) may obtain no - scoped objects as they are required , safely .
Granny obtained new instances of an Apple on each use ( see listing 1 , modeled in figure 6 ) .
Figure 6 : Granny obtains instances of Apple ( bound to no scope ) from a provider Listing 1 : An example of no -scope using the provider pattern public class Granny { public Provider appleProvider ; public void eat ( ) { appleProvider.get ( ).consume ( ) ; |#1 appleProvider.get ().consume ( ) ; |#2 } } ( Annotation )
In listing 1 , the eat ( ) method uses a provider to retrieve new instances , just as we did for Toothpaste earlier .
Here Apple is no -scoped .
Guice and Spring differ in nomenclature with regard to the no-scope .
Spring calls it as the prototype scope .
The idea being that a key ( and binding ) is a kind of template ( or prototype ) for creating new objects .
In the following example , no - scoping enabled multiple threads to see independent instances of an object ( modeled in figure 7 ) : < beans > < bean id =" slippery " class = " Slippery " scope= " prototype " /> < bean id =" shady " class = " Shady " scope= " prototype " /> < bean id =" safe " class = " UnsafeObject " init - method = " init " scope= " prototype " > < property name= " slippery " ref=" slippery " > < property name = " shady " ref= " shady " > < bean > < beans >
Figure 7 : UnsafeObject and both its dependencies were no -scoped
This object was actually safe , because any dependents of key safe were guaranteed to see new , independent instances of UnsafeObject .
Like singleton , the name prototype comes from the Gang of Four book on Design Patterns .
I prefer to refer to it as no-scope , largely because it is a more descriptive name .
Like Guice , PicoContainer also assumes the no-scope if a key is not explicitly bound to some scope : PicoContainer injector = new DefaultPicoContainer ( ) ; injector.addComponent( Toothpaste.class ) ; family.give ( " Joanie " , injector.getComponent( Toothpaste.class ) ) ; family.give ( " Jackie " , injector.getComponent ( Toothpaste.class ) ) ; ... Almost no difference at all .
NOTE
You will sometimes also hear no - scope referred to as the default scope .
This is a less descriptive name , and typically connotes either Guice or PicoContainer ( since they default to the no-scope ) .
Discuss this article in The Big Moose Saloon !
Return to Top
[ also check out info at bottom of page ]
ON DEALING WITH POLICE ...
YOU DO NOT HAVE TO TALK TO : THE POLICE , FBI , DA , ANY OTHER
GOVERNMENT AGENT OR INVESTIGATOR .
Their job is to Collect or Create Information to arrest you and help prosecute you .
They are not trying to win justice or help you .
Remember the MAGIC WORDS :
“ I choose to remain silent .
I want to see a lawyer . ”
Practice saying it .
Unfortunately , saying different words that mean the same thing may not be as legally protective .
“ Interrogation ” does not necessarily sound like questioning .
It sounds more like conversation .
You have no legal obligation to converse with police .
If you agree to talk to them , you will very likely give them the very information they need to arrest you or prosecute you or someone else .
They will pull out every trick to intimidate you or to be friendly enough to get you chatting .
DON ’T GET SUCKED INTO SEEMINGLY INNOCENT CONVERSATION WITH COPS , AGENTS , INVESTIGATORS .
Even if the words you WOULD say are truth -
Anything you say can and probably WILL be twisted , perverted , and used against you or others .
What should I do if approached by police ?
Exercise your RIGHT TO REMAIN SILENT .
stay calm , keep your hands visible
If you are stopped by police , before you get tricked into talking , ask them :
“ Am I being detained or am I free to go ? ”
IF YOU ARE STOPPED ON THE STREET , ASK IF YOU ARE FREE TO GO
If you are free to go ( in other words , if they do not state that you are detained or arrested ) , you may walk away .
You can tell them politely but firmly , that you are going now .
Then do so .
If you are being detained , you still DON ’T HAVE TO ANSWER ANY QUESTIONS .
If you are not driving , you do not have to carry I.D.
You do not have to identify yourself , but if you refuse , police may take you into custody to find out who you are .
It is not a crime to be without I.D .
If the cops say you are ‘ detained ’ , you can give your name and address ( if you have one ) , but then say the magic words .
“ I choose to remain silent .
I want to see a lawyer ”
These are the ‘ magic words ' .
These are the ‘ magic words ' .
Other than providing your name and address ( if you have one ) to a cop who is investigating a crime , you are not legally obligated to talk to ANYONE : on the street , at your home or office , if you ’ve been arrested , or even if you ’re in jail .
Do n’t be intimidated by what the cops say !!
Only a judge has the legal authority to order you to answer questions .
THE RIGHT TO REMAIN SILENT
5th Amendment , Constitution : Every person has the right to remain silent in the face of questions posed by any police officer or government agent .
The police are allowed to ( and do ) lie to you .
Although agents , investigators , and cops can be nice and pretend to be on your side , they are n’t .
Trying to answer their questions , or trying to convey to them “ the facts ” can be very dangerous .
You can never tell how a seemingly harmless bit of information that you give them might be used and misconstrued to hurt you or someone else .
You can ALWAYS say the magic words , including times when you are arrested , and you can say it as many times as you want .
If you slip up and speak after you ’ve said the magic words , you can say them again , as often as necessary .
Then do n’t say anything else .
What if I do n’t have a lawyer ?
Tell them you want to see your lawyer .
You do not have to already have one .
Cops should stop trying to question you once you say you want your lawyer present .
Can I get in trouble for not talking ?
Does that make me suspect ?
NO !
Saying , “ I chose to remain silent .
I want to see a lawyer . ” is NOT reason for arrest or detainment .
Cops and other law enforcement agencies are very skilled at getting information from people .
Many people are afraid that if they refuse to cooperate , it will appear as if they have something to hide .
Do n’t be fooled .
Do n’t wait for cops to read you your rights :
SAY THE MAGIC WORDS and BE QUIET .
What if I am on Probation / Parole ?
You still have the same rights to remain silent and to have an attorney present !
( You probably gave up the right to be free from searches for the duration of your probation / parole .
But , you still should not verbally consent to a search . )
Searches ?
What if the cops want to search me or my stuff ?
If cops are detaining you ( and you should ask if you ’re detained ) , then they may pat you down for weapons .
But , they are not allowed to look through your pockets or your things .
If the cops want to search you , you should tell them ( and any witness ) , “ I do not consent to a search ” .
It may not stop the search but it may stop them from using things they find against you or others .
You can say “ I do not consent to a search ” even if they say something like /
“ You do n’t mind if I look in here , right ? ” or “ Let ’s see what you have in here . "
THE OTHER MAGIC WORDS
" I DO NOT CONSENT TO A SEARCH ”
4thAmendment :
YOU HAVE A RIGHT TO BE FREE FROM SEARCHES
Saying “ I do not consent to any search ” is NOT reason / or probable cause for a search .
COPS LIE .
AND THEY ARE ALLOWED TO .
Do not ask advice from the officers who have stopped you .
It may feel weird at first to say things like , “ I chose to remain silent .
I want to see a lawyer or “ Am I being detained or am I free to go ? ” , but it ’s amazing how powerfully those words work and can prevent all kinds of trouble .
British soldiers in Afghanistan today killed four civilians and injured three more after opening fire on a vehicle that failed to stop at a checkpoint , Nato and defence ministry officials said .
The incident happened near a UK military base in the south of the country from where an army dog handler set out before being killed in an ambush two days ago .
The Nato mission in the country issued a statement saying the incident – which it blamed on the " reckless actions " of the driver - took place earlier today in the Sangin district of Helmand province .
" The vehicle approached the checkpoint and was directed to stop but it drove on … Soldiers fired warning shots in a safe direction away from the vehicle but were eventually forced to fire at it when it refused to stop , fearing an insurgent attack , " the statement said .
It identified the troops only as coming from Isaf , the international Nato - led force in the country .
However , Ministry of Defence officials in London later confirmed that they were British .
Troops had to bear in mind the risk that vehicles which fail to stop could contain explosives , an MoD spokesman said , adding : " It 's regrettable that this has happened but it 's very hard to make these decisions . "
UK troops in Afghanistan are predominantly based in Helmand province .
The Nato statement also said that those injured in the incident were taken to military forward operating base Inkerman , a British army outpost .
Nato said that two other people in the car were uninjured and took the bodies of the four dead civilians back to their village .
It added : " Both indicated that the driver of the vehicle was at fault for failing to stop when required to do so . "
The statement ended : " ISAF deeply regrets this unnecessary incident caused by the reckless actions of the vehicle driver .
The incident will be investigated . "
The issue of civilians being killed by Nato action is an increasingly sensitive one for Afghanistan 's government .
The country 's president , Hamid Karzai , has urged US and other troops to do all they can to avoid civilian deaths for fear of making his regime more unpopular .
The dog handler died on Thursday night after his patrol came under fire while on routine patrol from Inkerman .
He was named today as Lance Corporal Kenneth Michael Rowe of the Royal Army Veterinary Corps .
He was due to leave front line duties the day before he died , the MoD said today .
His commanding officer , Major Stuart McDonald , said he had been due to leave the base on Wednesday but asked to stay because he was worried about the lack of cover .
" This unselfish action epitomised his professionalism and dedication to his job , " he added .
TrackBack URL for this entry : $ MTTrans >
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c4eab53ef0105349c60d2970c
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Law Prof Presidential Campaign Contributions : 95 % to Obama , 5 % to McCain :
» Law Prof Political Donations : from The Volokh Conspiracy
Paul Caron has the data : FundRace 2008 on The Huffington Post lists 635 " law professors " as having made contributions to cand ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 10 , 2008 12:38:38 PM
» Surprise , Surprise 95 % of Law Professors Support Obama from Adjunct Law Prof Blog
Everyone , well almost everyone , knows that law professors are bye and large liberal and left of center .
The picture of a law professor as a lefty becomes clearer and clearer the more law review articles one reads .
Up until now , [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 10 , 2008 9:11:37 PM
» Politics of elite lawprofs from PointOfLaw Forum
Paul Caron of TaxProfBlog has run the numbers on this year 's Presidential contributions ( at least those coded " law professor " , which may miss some ) and they 're even more overwhelmingly lopsided than you might have expected : 95 percent Obama , 5 percent ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 11 , 2008 9:04:00 AM
» " Law Prof Presidential Campaign Contributions : 95 % to Obama , 5 % to McCain " from Election Law
See here .... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 11 , 2008 9:26:39 AM
» Politics of elite lawprofs from PointOfLaw Forum
Paul Caron of TaxProfBlog has run the numbers on this year 's Presidential contributions ( at least those coded " law professor " , which may miss some ) and they 're even more overwhelmingly lopsided than you might have expected : 95 percent Obama , 5 percent ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Aug 3 , 2010 2:17:10 PM
Send your image to us
Please do not send ideas for new features , only ideas for improving the user interaction of GIMP .
Explain your idea in an image or two .
Only these images will be published , so make sure any needed explanation is inside them .
Images must be in jpg , gif , bmp or png format , maximum 8 MB each .
Animated gif does not work , sorry .
Your images should show your idea in a clear way , but they do n’t have to be glossy and polished .
Plain vector drawings or even scanned pencil sketches should also work . , put the word ‘ GIMP ’ in the title of your email ( to avoid spam , emails without ‘ GIMP ’ in the title or without an image attachment will not be opened ) .
We will not publish your name or email address , if you want to be identified with — or even contacted about — your contribution , place your name or email address discretely in your image .
All further text you place in your image can only be used to explain your own idea .
Keep it short , point out what is innovative .
If you feel you need a lot of text to explain , then maybe your idea is not working on an user interaction level .
Do not write in your image about other people , other people ’s ideas or why GIMP sucks , because …… polemic kills brainstorming , hence there are not going to be discussions or comments in this blog .
If you want to vent , use the usual channels .
If you have got a better idea , simply show it to us .
If you want to respond to a contribution , by all means , take the image , modify it with your own ideas and send it back to the brainstorm .
Be careful to attribute the contributor (s ) who worked before on that image , ‘ the GIMP UI brainstorm ’ being the default for all those who contributed anonymously .
Visual dialogue : it is allowed and encouraged by the CC licence on this blog .
We are pretty liberal Europeans , but anything obnoxious will ensure that your image does not get published here .
We will not modify your image in any way , so either it is fit to be blogged or it will be discarded .
Our team will label your contribution and for truly cool individual contributions we write a few words of appreciation .
All contributions are evaluated during our team reviews
Your images have to be compatible with the license of this blog .
Be careful not to put copyrighted material in them .
Speaking of …The images in this blog are licensed under a
Peace workers on Cape Cod , Massachusetts ask all interested in taking a “ STAND FOR PEACE ” to join with us and help to bring peace to our planet .
Send a photograph of you or your family to [ email protected ] and you will become part of “ STAND FOR PEACE - PART 2 ” .
7:10 pm
Brave New Films
Moore Takes on McCain War Record
5:14 pm
National Organization for Women ( NOW )
Not Every Woman Supports Women's Rights
2:13 pm
Amnesty International USA
U.K. Government Must Provide Information About Rendition , Disappearance and Torture , Urges Amnesty International
1:52 pm
Fairness and Accuracy In Reporting ( FAIR )
Brokaw Warns Dems to Lay Off McCain
1:39 pm
ACLU
FISA Court Denies Public Access To Spy Law Proceedings
1:21 pm
Union of Concerned Scientists ( UCS )
At RNC , Clear Channel OKs Pro-Coal Ad , Removes UCS's
“ You like to pretend like the war started in 2007  you talk about the surge .
The war started in 2003 , ” Mr. Obama said .
“ At the time , when the war started , you said it was going to be quick and easy .
You said we knew where the weapons of mass destruction were .
You were wrong .
You said that we were going to be greeted as liberators .
You were wrong . ”
There were no obvious game - changing moments  big mistakes , or the kind of sound bites that dominate the news for days  in the course of the 90 - minute debate , held at the University of Mississippi in Oxford .
Still , the debate served as a reminder of just how different these two men would be as president as they appeared for their first extended session together before a huge audience , including many Americans who are just beginning to focus on this long - lasting race .
The differences were in no small part stylistic and visible with a glance to the stage : a 47 - year - old black man who has been in the Senate for nearly four years standing at one lectern , facing a 72 - year - old white - haired fixture of the Senate standing across from him .
In many ways , Mr. Obama was a very different candidate than he was during the primary battles .
He answered questions directly and affirmatively , typically looking right into the camera as he spoke .
Throughout the debate , Mr. Obama called Mr. McCain by his first name ; Mr. McCain did not .
The direct engagement was encouraged by the moderator , Jim Lehrer of PBS , who declared , “ I ’m just determined to get you all to talk to each other , ” though it was an invitation that the two men repeatedly ignored .
Mr. McCain was feisty and aggressive but , particularly during the start of the debate , his language and demeanor offered a reminder of just how much he was a creature of the Senate , as he used phrases that were no doubt understandable in Washington but might have been lost to the audience at home .
He spent much of the first 20 minutes of the debate criticizing Mr. Obama for supporting earmarks , special projects sought by members for their district .
“ The United States Senate will take up a continuing resolution tomorrow or the next day  sometime next week  with 2,000  2,000  look at them , my friends , ” he said .
“ Look at ’em .
You ’ll be appalled .
And Senator Obama is a recent convert , after requesting $ 932 million worth of pork - barrel spending projects . ”
On Iraq , both candidates used the stories of fallen soldiers to support their own positions on the war .
Mr. McCain told the audience about a New Hampshire woman who presented him with a bracelet of her 22 - year - old son who was killed in combat .
She asked him to keep alive the mission so his death was not in vain .
Download Download ( h/t Dave )
If you ever wondered how it was possible that we could possibly have this close an election when the vast majority of the American people highly disapprove of the job George W. Bush has done , yet there is still a disconnect with John McCain supporters that his would be a third Bush term , look no further than what passes for political debate on this morning 's Face the Nation .
My head is still hurting from the stupidity of it .
Still playing to the media narrative that the selection of Sarah Palin should somehow bring women to the McCain camp , they bring on four female proxies -- Kay Bailey Hutchinson and former Mass Gov. Jane Swift for McCain , Arizona Gov. Janet Napolitano and FL Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz for Obama -- to frame the debate as Obama vs. Palin .
Strange that .
All this time , I thought it was John McCain running for the office .
You know , the same guy that calls his wife an unforgivable slur and laughs at Hillary Clinton being referred to as a b*tch , and now the Republicans saying they 're going to call out sexism when they see it ?
Maybe my silly little female head got confused .
And when Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz throws down the gauntlet on all the GOP distractions and says that the truth matters and Gov.
Swift opts to spin this into an inane deflection of whether Palin was actually in Iraq , wasting close to four minutes of airtime .
Wasserman Schultz holds her ground , pointing out that these embellishments to her record just show what a lightweight Palin truly is , but it 's host Bob Schieffer that has to side with the Republicans by pointing out that Palin 's actions ' have been alleged ' to be less than her claim , but it 's up to the voters to decide " the truth . "
Um , Bob , is n't that supposed to be your function ?
To help the voters know the truth from the spin ?
Transcripts below the fold
NAPOLITANO : I have to say that one of the disappointmenting things about this campaign has been John McCain 's ad , which now have been soundly criticized even by non-partisan groups as being sorely misleading , taking comments out of context , all the things that in the past , the old John McCain used to criticize .
We 're now seeing the rejuvenated Karl Rove - based John McCain and we see it every day and these kinds of advertisements that really do n't assist voters in making the key decisions that 's facing them right now , which is who should be the next President of the United States ?
A man who is standing with Bush 90 + % of the time , who has not supported in 26 years in the Senate equal pay and other issues affecting women .
Should he be the President or should it be Barack Obama , who has stood for all of these issues ?
SCHIEFFER : Gov. Swift ?
SWIFT : Well , first of all , let me just say that I think that the Democrats and many folks are just outraged that John McCain would actually call them on their words that are inappropriate about Sarah Palin and we do need to step up and say , " listen , when you say things that have nothing to do with her position on issues and with her record as Governor of Alaska , we are going to call you on it .
And if that 's painful , I 'm sorry , but I do think that the point is we are trying to determine whether or not we are going to elect John McCain and Sarah Palin , proven ability to change Washington , to bring reform to Washington , or are we going to elect Barack Obama , who on the bill that we 're talking about sides with the trial lawyers , one of the most pwerful special interests in Washington .
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ :
On the bill that we 're talking about , Governor , on the bill that we 're talking about , John McCain was the deciding vote to defeat the bill in the Senate and Barack Obama voted for it .
When it comes to putting up or shutting up ... [ crosstalk ]
SWIFT : Which is why the trial lawyers are giving more money to Barack Obama .
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ :
When it comes to ... who is for equal pay and proved it and who 's against it , John McCain voted no and was the deciding vote .
Barack Obama voted yes .
And you know what ?
At the end of the day , Governor , the truth matters .
I 'm a mom , you 're a mom .
We both have twins .
I raise my kids and I 'm sure Sarah Palin raised her kids to tell the truth and that the truth is important .
But when she lies about the fact that she says she went to Iraq and she did n't , when she says that ... when she repeatedly ...[ crosstalk ]
SWIFT : She did not lie about saying she went to Iraq .
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ : She did .
She did n't go to Iraq .
She went to Ireland ...
SWIFT : She visited the troops , the general in charge ...
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ :
She went to Ireland on a refueling stop ... She did not go into Iraq .
And the campaign said she did .
SWIFT : The general in charge said that they went to Kuwait and they went across the border .
They went into Iraq to visit troops ...
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ :
But they did n't .
They were not in Iraq .
SWIFT : That 's what the general says ...
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ : She 's outside North America .
She 's been to Kuwait at the border and she stopped over in Ireland on a refueling stop .
But the truth matters , and she 's going to get called on the truth .
So is John McCain for the entire campaign , because in this country we have to make sure that we move in a new direction .
The American people are tired of the culture of corruption that has hung over the Capitol for far too long under Republican control .
We do not need more of the same .
SWIFT : Well first of all , John McCain has [ crosstalk ]
SCHIEFFER : Let me interrupt for a moment , to clarify , because this just came up overnight , what Congresswoman Schultz is talking about .
Last night the Obama campaign put out a report that says that Sarah Palin did not go to Iraq as she has stated to visit the Alaskan National Guard troops , but that she stopped at a border crossing with Kuwait and that she did not get more than a quarter of a mile inside Iraq .
So that is the charge .
You 're saying , Gov. Swift , that that 's overblown ?
SWIFT : Yeah , I think it is overblown .
The truth is she went to Kuwait to visit the troops who were going to be fighting in Iraq .
She was accompanied by a general who will say they traveled into Iraq and if it has been misreported , but to say that she is lying , in all due respect to Congresswoman Schultz , is not appropriate .
She is not lying .
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ :
They said she went to Iraq and she did n't go to Iraq ...
SWIFT : She was in Iraq ; the general will tell you ...
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ : ... I mean , it 's pretty black and white .
SWIFT : ... that they traveled into Iraq .
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ : No , what the general said is that she never ventured beyond the border crossing .
That 's what they said .
And that 's the bottom line ... the truth matters
SCHIEFFER : All right , I 'm just going to call time here and let people make up their own minds on this .
Oct. 31 , 2008  -- Barack Obama 's campaign has booted from its airplane three reporters who work for newspapers that have endorsed John McCain .
The campaign says that a limited number of seats forced it to make the tough decision of which journalists would be permitted to follow the Democratic presidential candidate in the last four days of the campaign , but the papers are calling foul , claiming they were targeted for their editorial - page positions and kicked off while nonpolitical publications like Glamour and Jet magazines remained on board .
Eliminated from the plane 's traveling press were the Washington Times , the New York Post and the Dallas Morning News .
" It feels like the journalistic equivalent of redistributing the wealth , " said John Solomon , executive editor of the Washington Times .
" We paid all along to travel and cover Obama .
This is a matter of basic fairness .
We 've committed a lot of resources and have been covering Obama since the beginning .
By the campaign 's own admission our reporter has done a fair job , " he said .
" We 've covered him since 2007 and paid our dues .
By the numbers we 've covered Obama longer and given more coverage to him than many of the other people who were given seats .
Our readers are mostly from Virginia , an important battleground state .
He 's not punishing us , he is punishing them , " Solomon said .
The Times is one of the most - read news Web sites in the country and has one of the highest circulations in Virginia , Solomon said .
He said the paper would fly its reporters on its own to continue coverage .
In the final days of a campaign , it is not uncommon for journalists to be shuffled as multiple news agencies rush to get a coveted seat close to the candidate .
" Unfortunately , demand for seats on the plane during this final weekend has far exceeded supply , and because of logistical issues we made the decision not to add a second plane , " said Obama campaign senior adviser Anita Dunn .
" This means we 've had to make hard and unpleasant for all concerned decisions about limiting some news organizations and in some cases not being in a position to offer space to news organizations altogether , " she said .
Glamour and Ebony Remain on Obama Plane
The Dallas Morning News , which has a daily circulation of about 300,000 , acknowledged that it had not been covering the campaign as long as some other papers , but that it was discouraged to learn that magazines like Glamour had retained their seats .
" We 're protesting it and we 're not happy about it , " said editor Bob Mong of the Dallas Morning News .
" We 're not in a swing state , but given our history of outstanding political reporting , we 're upset , particularly when you see guys like Glamour on board . "
Mong said he had no evidence that his reporter had been ejected given the paper 's editorial decision .
A Morning News reporter , he said , was ejected from the campaign plane of John McCain , Obama 's Republican rival , earlier in the week , but had recently gotten it back .
The Obama campaign said the decision was not based on the way Obama had been covered and pointed out that both the Wall Street Journal and Fox News , which have been critical of Obama , had retained their seats .
The campaign said it needed to make room for the Chicago Tribune and Chicago Sun-Times , but reportedly Jet and Ebony magazines have seats as well .
Col Allan , the New York Post 's editor in chief , said , " We are happy to be on the outside looking in .
It 's what makes The New York Post special .
We are not in the news business to be liked . "
Journalists have complained in the past that campaigns kicked them off the planes as retribution for their coverage .
In 2004 , The New York Times said it was not given a seat on Air Force 2 when Vice President Dick Cheney was stumping with President Bush , because the vice president was displeased with the paper 's coverage of him .
Congratulations to the John McCain campaign , which has now officially been told off on all three big cable news networks !
Attached is a video of MSNBC's Norah O'Donnell taking some hard swings at McCain 's sacrificial spokesman , Tucker Bounds , about campaign lying Monday .
Also attached : Video of Fox News 's Megyn Kelly doing the same thing on right - leaning Fox News Channel .
Wow .
Remember when CNN did this to Bounds , so McCain cancelled a Larry King interview in a snit ?
Guess that wo n't work anymore .
Bounds has become a human piñata like Ari Fleischer and Scott McClellan before him , as the media hold him responsible for the crimes of his boss , who they can't get at .
It 's awesome to see , but still all too rare — on all the networks .
Click through to watch a compilation video of Bounds getting creamed .
Alienware , the PC manufacturer known for their high - end gaming notebooks and desktops , has been evaluating the business opportunity in providing a Linux OS option for some of their products .
Phoronix reader Ahmad Yasser had contacted us to remind the Linux community that Alienware is running a Linux - based system survey to " gauge the level of interest consumers like you have in buying a new computer that features a Linux - based operating system . "
This survey is n't brand new but had first appeared a few months back .
The questions consist of whether you 're a current Alienware customer , whether your interest is in notebooks or desktops , would Alienware be appealing with a Linux - based OS , reasons for choosing Linux over Microsoft Windows , the likelihood of purchasing a Linux - loaded Alienware PC , and related questions .
If Alienware does eventually go through with this Linux support , we 'd bet Ubuntu as the premiere distribution .
Alienware is a wholly - owned subsidiary of Dell , which of course has a passionate relationship with Canonical and shipping Ubuntu on notebooks and desktops .
We do know that Dell is indeed advancing their Canonical - Ubuntu relationship .
Alienware has been quiet on the Linux front for the past few months .
Perhaps they are preparing Linux - based PCs or -- like the Ubuntu Free Software Laptop -- is being postponed until the market - share is greater ?
We 're waiting on a response from Alienware , but in the meantime , tell us what you think about the possibility of Linux - loaded Alienware PCs in the Phoronix Forums
Our own Nancy Vogel sends this update on what 's what in Sacramento :
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger this afternoon outlawed text - messaging while driving .
He signed legislation banning drivers from sending , writing or reading messages on electronic devices starting in January .
Two months ago , drivers were barred from talking on cell phones except with hands - free devices .
“ Building on legislation already helping save lives in California , ” said Schwarzenegger in a press release , “ I am happy to sign this bill because it further encourages safe and responsible driving . ”
The bill , SB 28 by Sen. Joe Simitian ( D - Palo Alto ) , imposes a $ 20 fine for a first offense and $ 50 fine for each subsequent violation .
But the numbers illustrate a stark challenge for Republicans .
In the House , 23 seats held by Republicans are generally rated tossups and 4 others are leaning Democratic ; just 8 Democratic seats fall into the tossup category and one , now held by Representative Nick Lampson in the Houston area , is rated likely to change parties .
In the Senate , one Republican seat  Virginia  is considered safely in the Democratic column , and Alaska and New Mexico are considered leaning Democratic .
Five states  Colorado , Minnesota , New Hampshire , North Carolina and Oregon  are tossups .
“ We ’re doing extremely well in places we did n’t expect to do well , ” Senator Charles E. Schumer of New York , chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , said Wednesday .
In putting their vying messages before the voters , the Democrats ’ campaign committees have an edge in how much advertising they can afford .
The committees tend to focus their spending in the most competitive districts .
The National Republican Congressional Committee has spent well under $ 1 million on advertisements in House districts , compared with more than $ 16 million invested in advertising by the House Democrats ’ campaign committee .
And it can only afford to spend in defense of select Republican seats .
On Wednesday , the Capitol Hill newspaper Roll Call first reported that the Republican campaign group was borrowing $ 8 million to buy more advertising in the closing weeks , and to avoid being heavily outspent .
In district after district , House Democrats are running advertisements seeking to link Republicans with President Bush and his economic record .
A Democratic commercial against Representative Christopher Shays of Connecticut , the only Republican House member in New England , shows him shaking hands with Mr. Bush .
It includes audio of a September radio interview where Mr. Shays asserted that “ our economy is fundamentally strong . ”
A similar statement by Mr. McCain put him on the defensive last month .
Polls show Mr. Shays with a lead , but Democrats say their candidate , Jim Himes , is gaining ground .
Mr. McConnell , the Republican leader whom Democrats would relish knocking off as payback for the 2004 defeat of their leader , Senator Tom Daschle of South Dakota , is being tied to the economic deterioration in new commercials on behalf of his Democratic challenger , Bruce Lunsford , a wealthy businessman .
With the beginning of spring in the Northern Hemisphere these days , comes the inexorable wait to see when the Arctic sea ice starts melting , and then waiting to see how far it ’ll melt .
If nothing else , it ’s great for journalists looking for a story .
For my money though , I ’m a much bigger fan of this time of year , when the Arctic sea ice starts reclaiming ground .
And after reaching the second - lowest extent ever recorded last month , sea ice in the Arctic has begun to refreeze in the face of autumn temperatures .
Subsequently , both the Northern Sea Route and the direct route through the Northwest Passage have been closed .
“ This is the first time in our charting records that both historic passages opened up in the same year , ” said NIC Chief Scientist Dr Pablo Clemente - Colón .
“ Both of the routes appeared as closed by 22 September . ”
Thankfully , this past summer did n’t see a breaking of 2007 ’s sea ice extent record .
Sadly , and a little more concerning , is the news that 2008 did set its own record ; “ Although last year ’s summer sea ice minimum extent record was not broken , a record amount of the thickest multiyear sea ice was actually lost this season impacting the thickness of the sea ice presently found around the North Pole region and setting the stage for more minimum or near - minimum records in upcoming years , ” Clemente - Colón said .
So though for the moment , I ’m going to take solace in the fact that the Arctic is once again attempting to restake its territory , I ca n’t help but fear that more records are on their way .
Adapted from ESA Press Release
This video showing the chicken fried bacon available at Sodolak 's Original Country Inn in Snook , Texas , has been around for a while , but when it first made the rounds it was n't embeddable outside of YouTube .
It looks like the author , Bob Phillips , has changed that .
So here it is , after the jump , if you missed it .
Chicken - Fried Bacon
[ YouTube ]
Sodolak 's Original Country Inn
9711 Fm 60 Road East , Snook TX 77878 979-272-6002
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Last week , TPM and other news outlets were looking into whether McCain campaign manager Rick Davis had really cut his ties to the mega - lobby shop , Davis Manafort — of which he is a part owner .
Even though Davis insisted he was no longer drawing any salary from the firm , what David Kurtz and I were wondering was whether Davis had somehow redirected his salary to some other entity from which he could later profit from it or draw it back .
Well , it seems Newsweek has finally caught up with Davis ’s flimflam …
The McCain campaign told reporters the fees were irrelevant because Davis “ separated from his consulting firm … in 2006 , ” according to the campaign ’s Web site , and he stopped drawing a salary from it .
In fact , however , when Davis joined the campaign in January 2007 , he asked that his $ 20,000 - a- month salary be paid directly to Davis Manafort , two sources who asked not to be identified discussing internal campaign business told NEWSWEEK .
Federal campaign records show the McCain campaign paid Davis Manafort $ 90,000 through July 2007 , when a cash crunch prompted Davis and other top campaign officials to forgo their salaries and work as volunteers .
Separately , another entity created and partly owned by Davis–an Internet firm called 3eDC , whose address was the same office building as Davis Manafort ’s–received payments from the McCain campaign for Web services , collecting $ 971,860 through March 2008 .
In an e-mail to NEWSWEEK , a senior McCain official said that when the campaign began last year , it signed a contract with Davis Manafort “ in which we purchased all of [ Davis ’s ] time , and he agreed not to work for any other clients . ”
Frankly , it ’s even more convoluted than I ’d imagined .
But the McCain campaign ’s claim that anything done by Davis Manafort is irrelevant to the campaign since no one at the campaign has any tie to the firm now seems pretty ridiculous .
The army has reached some survivors but thousands still await relief Rescuers are still scrambling to reach thousands of survivors facing another night in the open after Wednesday 's earthquake in south - western Pakistan .
Up to 50,000 people may be homeless in Balochistan province following the 6.4 magnitude tremor .
The official death toll has risen slightly to 215 .
As well as shelter , villagers lack basic supplies , like blankets and food .
The quake comes as Pakistan 's civilian government faces al - Qaeda and Taleban attacks , as well as an economic crisis .
See a map of the affected area Military helicopters are being used to reach mountainous and remote locations , where some villages have been cut off by landslides .
The army has airlifted supplies and medical teams to Ziarat district , where hundreds of mostly mud and timber houses have been destroyed in a number of villages .
The quake crushed hundreds of vulnerable houses The International Committee of the Red Cross said it was handing out some 2,500 tents , while a medical team with one tonne of supplies was helping at overcrowded hospitals .
The BBC's Ilyas Khan in Karachi says the amount of relief being delivered is not enough as the number of people left homeless by the quake is estimated between 35,000 to 50,000 .
" We had so few blankets to cover ourselves during the night that we only had one between six children , " farmer Shahnawaz Khan told AFP news agency in the remote south - western village of Kan Bangla .
Neighbouring India and the US have also offered help , while the UN World Food Programme pledged to supply emergency rations to survivors for two months .
Little hope Rescue workers have said there is little hope of finding survivors in the debris .
The early hours quake just north of Quetta buried villagers as they slept .
Many of the survivors have dug mass graves for their dead in the worst - hit areas .
Activists with hard - line Islamic organisations were first to reach some of the most remote parts with relief supplies .
Among them was Jamaat - ud - Dawa , designated a terrorist group by the US government for links to Kashmiri Muslim separatists .
The same group also helped survivors of a huge quake that devastated northern Pakistan in October 2005 , killing up to 80,000 people .
Balochistan is home to a long - running separatist movement , but has so far been spared the level of violence seen in the north - western tribal areas bordering Afghanistan , say correspondents .
In 1935 , Quetta suffered almost complete destruction in an earthquake which claimed the lives of about 30,000 people .
Pakistan sits atop an area of seismic collision between the Eurasian and Indian tectonic plates , the same force that created the Himalayan mountains .
Return to top
Are you in the area ?
Have you been affected by the earthquake ?
Send your comments using the post form below , or text 00 44 7725 800 100 .
In most cases a selection of your comments will be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
jCrop – Powerful Image Cropping Engine for jQuery
Jcrop is a powerful image cropping engine for jQuery .
It ’s been designed so developers can easily integrate an advanced image cropping functionality directly into any web - based application without sacrificing power and flexibility .
It combines the ease - of - use of a typical jQuery plugin with a powerful cross- platform DHTML cropping engine that is faithful to familiar desktop graphics applications .
Jcrop also features clean , well - organized code that works well across most modern web browsers .
Requirements : jQuery Framework
Demo : http://deepliquid.com/projects/Jcrop/demos.php
License : MIT License
" It is unacceptable to see women who love the male lifestyle including dressing in the clothes men wear , " he complained , adding , " ( Masculine behaviour ) becomes clearer when they start to have sex with someone of the same gender , that is woman and woman . "
A series of preemptive police raids on Twin Cities anarchist groups prior to last week 's Republican National Convention roiled the blogosphere , after prominent progressive writers such as Salon 's Glenn Greenwald and Jane Hamsher of Firedoglake posted video from the scene .
But according to a warrant affidavit filed by the Ramsey County sheriff , it was a YouTube video that may have piqued the authorities ' interest in the first place .
The affidavit , which lays out the basis for the preconvention raid on a protest group calling itself the Republican National Convention Welcoming Committee , describes a year - long investigation that ultimately involved officers from multiple law enforcement agencies infiltrating the group to monitor its plans .
Initially , however , police had merely monitored the group 's Web site to gather " open source " intelligence .
The formal investigation was launched last August , just two days after police noted the appearance on the site of a YouTube " trailer " showing " several persons dressed in ' black bloc ' attire " and wielding bolt - cutters , Molotov cocktails , and bowling - balls to the soundtrack of Blondie 's " One Way or Another . "
Police also cited the appearance in February of a second online video , the " Video Map of the St. Paul Points of Interest , " which appeared to highlight potential targets for direct actions .
The video was posted by Erik Oseland , one of six activists now facing terrorism charges under Minnesota 's version of the federal PATRIOT Act .
Another of the six , Garrett Fitzgerald , was identified by an informant as one of the participants in the original " trailer " video .
Yet another of the preconvention raids targeted a group whose whole raison d'être is video production : the I - Witness Video collective .
The group films police / activist interaction during large - scale protests , and provided evidence that ultimately helped to exonerate hundreds arrested during the 2004 Republican National Convention in New York .
Over the course of this year 's convention protests , police would make some 800 arrests , and the city is already bracing for lawsuits .
Amy Goodman 's arrest
Perhaps the most high - profile of those arrests was that of progressive journalist Amy Goodman .
The YouTube video of the event has already been viewed more than 780,000 times .
Søran Kierkegaard used to tell parables by way of doing philosophy .
One went like this .
An ancient Greek was asked to define religion .
He asked for time to prepare an answer .
When the agreed period had elapsed he asked for some more time , and then more , and more , and so on .
In short , he refused to answer .
" In this way , " Kierkegaard concludes , " he wished to express symbolically that he regarded the question as unanswerable " .
In the last few days , two pieces of research have hit the headlines purporting to show some aspect of how religion works , and indeed that it does work .
One claimed that believers gazing upon images of the Virgin Maryfelt less pain than a control group .
Another that religious convictions about the supernatural make us more honest and trusting .
Both utilise common assumptions about belief , in the first case that it serves mostly to provide consolation , in the second that it is about avoiding the wrath of moralising gods .
The researchers would do well to ponder Kierkegaard 's story , or even better , consult a theologian – that is to say , an expert – before presuming too much about the phenomenon they seek to study .
If they did , they might avoid some of the potty conclusions they reach .
For example , the Virgin - eases - pain story included the possibility that Our Lady 's analgesic works as well for lapsed Catholics as mass goers .
Should this be taken as support for the theological conviction that God is faithful even when we are not ?
The serious point is that religions are massively diverse .
Many Christians and Muslims may seek salvation from punishment in heaven .
Hindus , Buddhists and Sikhs do n't .
And as for Jews , the third of the Abrahamic religions , " the idea of Hell and eternal damnation is foreign " , according to the Chambers Dictionary of Belief and Religions .
Even within one religion , ideas will differ enormously .
Another thing that is striking about the researchers ' understanding of religion is how belief in God is interpreted as a kind of cost - benefit analysis .
This piece of economics is , in turn , justified by a certain kind of evolutionary theory .
But you do n't need to turn to theologians or philosophers to find unease with such Darwinism .
The primatologist Frans de Waal expressed the concern well in his book Our Inner Ape .
At the same time that Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher preached that greed was good for society , good for the economy , and certainly good for those with anything to be greedy about , biologists published books in support of these views .
He is particularly concerned about the notion that altruism stems from egoistic motives , goodwill that arises from the mutual scratching of backs .
" Love is unheard of , sympathy is absent , and goodness a mere illusion , " he writes .
The critique is all the more powerful since it is not based on philosophical concerns but on empirical evidence .
De Waal believes that the chimps and bonobos he has observed understand , demonstrate and even value genuine altruism and empathy .
That there is something distinctly post - Thatcherite about the cost - benefit approach to religion is also suggested by comparing what previous generations of sociologists and economists made of belief .
Durkheim is the outstanding example , notably in his seminal study Suicide .
It showed that the greater a sense of obligation people have , the less likely they are to want to end it all .
And that religion provides the best ties of all .
However , Durkheim was enough of a theologian to realise that it is not beliefs about divinities per se that count .
Rather it is the connection with other people that religious practice nurtures which is so valuable .
Confessional statements are but a secondary expression of that belonging .
Praxis counts , not doxis .
In other words , contemporary research that focuses on what people may say about God , puts the cart before the horse .
Religion is not the cause , it is the expression of the meaning and significance people find in their lives .
It is that meaning and significance which – let us say for the sake of argument – leads them to , say , feel less pain or trust others more .
By interpreting religion from within an essentially economic theory , the researchers exclude what might actually be true about belief .
For maybe agnostics , like myself , and atheists should be more open to religion 's challenge ?
Might n't it be the case that belief is associated with greater degrees of trust because believers have seen that the world can actually be trusted ?
Or to put it another way , just because we have evolved into meaning - seeking creatures does n't mean there is n't meaning out there to be found .
We highlighted a few of our favorite free replacements for paid tools about two weeks ago , and boy , did you respond .
From Adobe replacments to Windows utilities , niche graphics apps to virtualization , our readers had a wealth of no -cost alternatives to recommend .
We listened and compiled , so check out some of your fellow readers ' best suggestions for extending your computer without expending a single penny .
Photo by AGoK .
Advertisement
Orb instead of Slingbox ( $ 130 )
Advertisement
This one should have been obvious , considering we 've taken a screenshot tour and shown how this free streaming software can work with your Wii , but Orb has just quietly provided the same services folks dish out more than 100 smackers for , or , in the case of DVR devices , endless monthly fees , without tooting its own horn too loudly .
If you 've got a Windows computer or Media Center PC available , Orb can dish out live or recorded TV , video files , audio , feeds , or even a few games to any desktop , laptop , Windows Mobile phone , or even a PS3 or XBox 360 .
Recommended by Adam B .
CDBurnerXP ( or InfraRecorder ) in place of Nero ( $ 60 )
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
If you bought your computer new , there 's a good chance it came bundled free with a CD or DVD recording package , like Nero .
There 's also a good chance that the package has its advance features disabled , or that it 's designed to constantly run in the background , force a " media player " into your file associations , and generally run roughshod over your system preferences .
The free software package CDBurnerXP has what you want and nothing you do n't to back up , rip , and burn CDs and DVDs in Windows .
Our readers also have a soft spot for InfraRecorder ( also Windows - only ) , which boasts a similar range of features without control - freak tendencies .
Recommended by Toschi , among others .
FastStone Capture in place of SnagIt ( $ 50 )
Advertisement
We really have nothing against SnagIt , as some of us use it for our daily software screen - capture needs .
But if you 're not the type to pay for software , and you 've never caught SnagIt when it 's occasionally been free , then the still - free , USB - friendly version of FastStone is a pretty nice alternative .
The software can send a full screenshot to your editor of choice , but can also do simple annotations , highlighting , and other see - look - here operations quickly and cleanly .
For even more freeware value , try FastStone 's Resizer for whipping multiple pictures into shape .
Suggested by bubi73 , among others .
DriveImageXML in place of Norton Ghost ( $ 70 )
Advertisement
If the task is to back up an entire hard drive and restore it , a software tool 's job is simple : Explain how to do it , then just do it .
DriveImageXML , a freeware Windows utility , does those things quite well , as Gina showed us in her guide to hot - imaging your PC 's hard drive .
Suggested by felixgolden .
We 've only pulled out just a few of our favorite reader suggestions that we can illustrate with experience ; amongst 116 comments and counting , there are many great ideas and bargains .
Here 's a quick list of some picks that had a small consensus :
LogMeIn instead of tweaking VNC clients : Because LogMeIn is easy to use , works on PCs and Macs , and gives you access to your desktop remotely .
' Nuff said .
Because LogMeIn is easy to use , works on PCs and Macs , and gives you access to your desktop remotely .
' Nuff said .
GIMP , Inkscape , or Paint.NET instead of Photoshop / Illustrator : Because the cheapest version of Photoshop ( " Elements " ) is still $ 149 , and if you 're not a dyed - in - the - wool PS user or graphic designer , you 'll likely find what you need in any free pick .
Because the cheapest version of Photoshop ( " Elements " ) is still $ 149 , and if you 're not a dyed - in - the - wool PS user or graphic designer , you 'll likely find what you need in any free pick .
7 - Zip instead of endless shareware nagging : Because it 's more system extender than obtrusive program , and it just works .
Advertisement
Besides any freeware alternatives you do n't see in this article or its predecessor , what paid - for software can you just not give up ?
What features would you need to see covered to make the jump to open - source , or just no -cost ?
Tell us your tale in the comments .
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
been away .... am I too late for the compo ?
archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 11:59 ,
you are but that is fantastic !!
what would retro leia look like ?
( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:00 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:00 ,
we can only dream
blogs.commercialappeal.com/beifuss/images/tam.web.jpg
* sighs * sighs archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:03 ,
PHWOAR !!
( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:06 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:06 ,
probably very similar
( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:05 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:05 ,
hahahaaahaha
( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:01 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:01 ,
Brilliant !
( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:01 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:01 ,
haha !
* struts his funky stuff * ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:01 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:01 ,
HaHaHaHa !
Ace ! ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:01 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:01 ,
that 's cool baby , aaahh , yeah ....
( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:03 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:03 ,
BRILLIANT !
( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:11 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:11 ,
I feel a disturbance in the funk
as if millions of voices suddenly decided to get down .
( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:18 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:18 ,
Pffft
( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 13:08 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 13:08 ,
Wicked !
Insta-FP. Gratulations ! ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:21 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:21 ,
Very , very good :)
( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:22 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:22 ,
Lawl !
I love that :D ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:24 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:24 ,
hahahahahahahah
brill ! ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:35 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:35 ,
hahaha !
: D ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:49 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 12:49 ,
This presses all the buttons marked
AWESOME ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 13:11 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 13:11 ,
Haha
This makes me want to get down with the funky .
( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 13:35 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 13:35 ,
Nooooooooo !!!
Now Will Ferrell will make this into a film !
And we 'll never escape it !
Pic is woo though .
( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 13:43 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 13:43 ,
We can only hope ...
Cuz that would be the greatest movie ever !
( , Fri 3 Oct 2008 , 1:33 , archived ) ( , Fri 3 Oct 2008 , 1:33 ,
Wonderful :)
( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 15:31 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 15:31 ,
hahahah
Chewie looks like George Clinton ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 17:42 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 17:42 ,
Wait , Luke 's hair .
. .
That 's Farrah , is n't it ?
( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 18:17 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 18:17 ,
hahahaha
CHEWIE FTW ! ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 18:24 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 18:24 ,
hahahahaha
genius ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 18:38 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 18:38 ,
ahahahahhahahaha
clix ! ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 22:01 , archived ) ( , Thu 2 Oct 2008 , 22:01 ,
The world pumped up emissions of the chief human - produced global warming gas last year , setting a course that could push beyond leading scientists ’ projected worst - case scenario , international researchers said Thursday .
The new numbers , which some scientists called “ scary , ” were a surprise because experts thought an economic downturn would slow energy use .
Instead , carbon dioxide output rose 3 % from 2006 to 2007 .
That amount exceeds the most dire outlook for emissions from burning coal and oil and related activities as projected by a Nobel Prize - winning group of international scientists in 2007 .
Meanwhile , forests and oceans , which suck up carbon dioxide , are doing so at lower rates , scientists said .
If those trends continue , the world will be on track for the highest predicted rises in temperature and sea level .
Advertisement
The U.N. 's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has warned that an increase of between 3.2 and 9.7 degrees Fahrenheit could trigger massive environmental changes , including melting of the Greenland ice sheet , the Himalayan - Tibetan glaciers and summer sea ice in the Arctic .
Corinne Le Quere , professor of environmental sciences at the University of East Anglia and the British Antarctic Survey , said the prediction that current emissions put the planet on track for a temperature rise of more than 11 degrees means the world could face a dangerous rise in sea level as well as other drastic changes .
Richard Moss , vice president and managing director for climate change at the World Wildlife Fund , said the new carbon figures and research showed that “ we ’re already locked into more warming than we thought . ”
“ We should be worried -- really worried , ” Moss told the Washington Post .
“ This is happening in the context of trying to reduce emissions . ”
Advertisement
The new data also shows that forests and oceans , which naturally take up much of the carbon dioxide humans emit , are having less impact .
These “ natural sinks ” have absorbed 54 % of carbon dioxide emissions released since 2000 , a drop of 3 percentage points compared with the period between 1959 and 2000 .
The pollution leader was China , followed by the United States , which past data show is the leader in emissions per person in carbon dioxide output .
And although several developed countries slightly reduced output in 2007 , the U.S. churned out more .
Still , it was large increases from China , India and other developing countries that spurred the growth of carbon dioxide pollution to a record high of 9.34 billion tons of carbon .
Figures released by science agencies in the U.S. , Great Britain and Australia show that China ’s added emissions accounted for more than half of the worldwide increase .
China passed the U.S. as the No. 1 carbon dioxide polluter in 2006 .
Emissions in the U.S. rose nearly 2 % in 2007 , after declining the previous year .
The U.S. produced 1.75 billion tons of carbon .
Advertisement
“ Things are happening very , very fast , ” Le Quere told the Associated Press .
“ It ’s scary . ”
Gregg Marland , a senior staff scientist at the U.S. Department of Energy ’s Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee , said he was surprised at the results because he thought world emissions would drop because of the economic downturn .
That did n’t happen .
“ If we ’re going to do something [ about reducing emissions ] , it ’s got to be different than what we ’re doing , ” he said .
The emissions are based on data from oil giant BP PLC , which show that China has become the major driver of world trends .
China emitted 2 billion tons of carbon last year , up 7.5 % from the previous year .
Advertisement
“ We ’re shipping jobs offshore from the U.S. , but we ’re also shipping carbon dioxide emissions with them , ” Marland said .
“ China is making fertilizer and cement and steel , and all of those are heavy energy - intensive industries . ”
Developing countries not asked to reduce greenhouse gases by the 1997 Kyoto treaty -- China and India are among them -- now account for 53 % of carbon dioxide pollution .
That group of nations surpassed industrialized ones in carbon dioxide emissions in 2005 , an analysis of older figures shows .
India is in position to beat Russia for the No. 3 carbon dioxide polluter behind the U.S. , Marland said .
Indonesia ’s levels are increasing rapidly .
Denmark ’s emissions dropped 8 % .
The United Kingdom and Germany reduced carbon dioxide pollution by 3 % , while France and Australia cut it by 2 % .
Advertisement
But it remains unclear how much industrialized countries will be able to reduce their carbon output in the years to come , regardless of whether developing nations seek to restrain their greenhouse gas emissions .
The federal government predicts U.S. fossil fuel consumption will increase .
Japan , Canada and several other countries that committed to reducing their carbon emissions under the 1997 Kyoto Protocol have fallen far behind in meeting their targets .
Moreover , new scientific research suggests the globe is already destined for a greater worldwide temperature rise than predicted .
Last month , two scientists from the Scripps Institution of Oceanography and UC San Diego published research showing that even if humans stopped generating greenhouse gases immediately , the world ’s average temperature would “ most likely ” increase by 4.3 degrees Fahrenheit by the end of this century .
Writing in the journal Proceedings of the National Academies of Science , they based their calculations on the fact that new air - quality measures worldwide are reducing the amount of fine particles , or aerosols , in the atmosphere and diminishing their cooling effect .
What is “ kind of scary ” is that the worldwide emissions growth is beyond the highest growth in fossil fuel predicted just two years ago by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , said Benjamin Santer , an atmospheric scientist at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory .
Advertisement
Under the panel ’s scenario then , temperatures would increase by somewhere between 4 and 11 degrees Fahrenheit by 2100 .
If this trend continues for the century , we would be exceedingly lucky “ for it just to be bad , as opposed to catastrophic , ” said Stanford University climate scientist Stephen H. Schneider .
St. Paul is a window into our future .
It is a future where , as one protester told me by phone , “ people have been pepper - gassed , thrown on the ground by police who had drawn their weapons , had their documents seized and their tattoos photographed before being taken away to jail . ”
It is a future where illegal house raids are carried out .
It is a future where vans containing heavily armed paramilitary units circle and film protesters .
It is a future where , as the protester said , “ people have been pulled from cars because their license plates were on a database and handcuffed , thrown in the back of a squad car and then watched as their vehicles were ransacked and their personal possessions from computers to literature seized . ”
It is a future where constitutional rights mean nothing and where lawful dissent is branded a form of terrorism .
The rise of the corporate state means the rise of the surveillance state .
The Janus - like face of America swings from packaged and canned spectacles , from nationalist slogans , from seas of flags and Christian crosses , from professions of faith and patriotism , to widespread surveillance , illegal mass detentions , informants , provocateurs and crude acts of repression and violence .
We barrel toward a world filled with stupendous lies and blood .
What difference is there between the crowds of flag - waving Republicans and the apparatchiks I covered as a reporter in the old East German Communist Party ?
These Republican delegates , like the fat and compromised party functionaries in East Berlin , all fawned on cue over an inept and corrupt party hierarchy .
They all purported to champion workers ’ rights and freedom while they systematically fleeced , disempowered and impoverished the workers they lauded .
They all celebrated the virtue of a state that was morally bankrupt .
And while they played this con game , one that gave them special privileges , power and wealth , they unleashed their goons and thugs on all who dared to challenge them .
We are not East Germany , but we are well on our way .
An economic meltdown , another catastrophic terrorist attack on American soil , a war with Iran , and we could easily swing into an authoritarian model that would look very familiar to anyone who lived in the former communist East Bloc .
A few of those arrested in St. Paul , including eight leaders of the RNC Welcoming Committee — one of the groups organizing protests at the GOP convention in St. Paul — now face terrorism - related charges .
Monica Bicking , Eryn Trimmer , Luce Guillen Givins , Erik Oseland , Nathanael Secor , Robert Czernik , Garrett Fitzgerald and Max Spector could get up to seven and a half years in prison under the terrorism enhancement charge , which allows for a 50 percent increase in the maximum penalty .
This is the first time criminal charges have been filed under the 2002 Minnesota version of the federal Patriot Act .
The Patriot Act , which was put in place as much to silence domestic opposition as to ferret out real terrorists , has largely lain dormant .
It has authorized the government to monitor our phone conversations , e-mails , meetings and political opinions .
It has authorized the government to shut down anti-war groups and lock up innocents as terrorists .
It has abolished habeas corpus .
But until now we have not grasped its full implications for our open society .
We catch glimpses , as in St. Paul or in our offshore penal colonies where we torture detainees , of its awful destructive power .
The commercial media told us that what was important in St. Paul was happening inside the convention hall .
The vapid interviews , the ridiculous soap opera sagas about Sarah Palin ’s daughter and the debate about whether John McCain or Barack Obama has proprietary rights to “ Change ” divert us from the truth of who we have become .
You had to search out “ Democracy Now ! , ” TheUptake.org , Twin Cities Indymedia , I - Witness , along with a few other independent outlets , to see , hear or read real journalism from St. Paul .
It does not matter that the RNC Welcoming Committee describes itself as an “ anarchist / anti-authoritarian ” organization .
We do n’t have to embrace a political agenda to protect the right to be heard .
Shut down free speech and radicals only burrow deeper underground , splitting ossified political systems into fractured extremes .
We may well end up with the Christian right on one side , with politicians like Sarah Palin providing an ideological veneer to a Christian fascism , and embittered leftist radicals who turn to violence on the other .
St. Paul was not ultimately about selecting a presidential candidate .
It was about the power of the corporate state to carry out pre-emptive searches , seizures and arrests .
It was about squads of police in high - tech riot gear , many with drawn semiautomatic weapons , bursting into houses .
It was about seized computers , journals and political literature .
It was about shutting down independent journalism , even at gunpoint .
It was about charging protesters with “ conspiracy to commit riot , ” a rarely used statute that criminalizes legal dissent .
It was about 500 people held in open - air detention centers .
It was about the rising Orwellian state that has hollowed out the insides of America , cast away all that was good and vital , and donned its skin to shackle us all .
Pennsylvania voters Tuesday gave Hillary Rodham Clinton every reason to continue her campaign for president .
But they did not present any definitive new evidence that would compel Democratic Party elders to step in and anoint Clinton as their White House nominee , particularly when Barack Obama continues to lead in the overall delegate count and in the popular vote .
Instead , despite a grueling and often bitter campaign , Clinton ’s victory Tuesday left in play the same questions that remained seven weeks ago after her 10 - point victory in Ohio , another large and politically important industrial state .
What does it portend for the fall campaign that Obama is not winning working - class whites , a crucial swing voting bloc , in the Democratic primaries ?
Or that he has lost most of the biggest states to Clinton ?
Advertisement
How much credit should the party elders -- the superdelegates who are expected to select the nominee by providing the final votes needed for victory -- give Obama for drawing new voters to the polls ?
Or for energizing younger voters and for spurring massive turnout among African Americans ?
Should party leaders worry that Clinton has been all but shut out of the black vote ?
The big - state primary in Pennsylvania failed to bring clarity .
Now , while a muddled Democratic nominating process enters its fifth month of voting , presumptive Republican nominee John McCain is building his fall campaign , embarking this week on a tour of economically disadvantaged areas that is designed to attract the same working - class voters so coveted by the Democrats .
“ She ca n’t win but wo n’t quit , ” Democratic strategist Jim Jordan said of Clinton .
Obama , he said , “ is going to win but ca n’t close it out .
And meanwhile , McCain skates on , unmolested . ”
Advertisement
The Democrats ’ indecision pushes the next important test to May 6 , when Indiana and North Carolina hold primaries .
Obama is expected to win in North Carolina , with its heavy concentration of black voters , college students and upper - income whites , who have formed a durable coalition for him in the primaries and caucuses .
But Indiana , a predominantly white state with industrial workers and rural voters , is a more substantial test , largely because it presents Obama with another chance to show that he can do better with those blue - collar voting groups that eluded him in Ohio and Pennsylvania .
While Clinton celebrated her win Tuesday night in Philadelphia , Obama demonstrated his immediate focus on Indiana by traveling there and delivering his speech from Evansville .
A recent Los Angeles Times / Bloomberg poll showed him holding a slight lead there .
Advertisement
“ It would be symbolic if Sen. Obama won a state like Indiana , ” said the state ’s Democratic chairman , Dan Parker , a Clinton supporter .
But an Obama loss in Indiana might give Clinton an air of momentum , particularly because it is a state where many Democrats have known Obama for several years because of shared media markets with his home state of Illinois .
Later primaries in West Virginia and Kentucky , which play to Clinton ’s demographic strengths , might give superdelegates even more reason to reassess Obama ’s electability .
Until voters in those states weigh in , Obama is likely to point to favorable evidence from the Pennsylvania results in seeking new endorsements from superdelegates .
Advertisement
Obama outspent Clinton on television and radio ads in Pennsylvania by more than 2 to 1 , yet he did not make major gains among working - class white voters .
But he did n’t lose support among that group , either -- even after navigating some of the worst weeks of the campaign so far , including a crisis over racially charged comments by his former pastor and accusations that his own comments about economically “ bitter ” small - town voters showed him to be elitist .
Media exit polls showed Obama winning 38 % of the white vote in Pennsylvania , nearly unchanged from the 34 % he won in Ohio seven weeks ago .
Even though he lost Pennsylvania by a substantial margin , Obama may argue that he was able to improve his standing with important parts of the electorate .
Exit polls found that he won 37 % of voters over age 65 , up from 26 % in Ohio .
He made modest gains among white men , taking 44 % of that vote , a gain of 5 points compared with Ohio .
Advertisement
And while self - described independents were less important in Pennsylvania than in Ohio , Obama won a larger share of that group Tuesday .
Obama ’s campaign is likely to use these numbers in his arguments to superdelegates , some of whom worry that , if nominated , he might not withstand attacks from Republicans aimed at making voters uneasy with his unusual background and lack of experience in federal government .
But as both Democrats fight on , and as about 250 out of the nearly 800 superdelegates remain uncommitted , many strategists and leaders fret that a protracted campaign can only hurt the party ’s chances of beating McCain in the fall .
In the six - week Pennsylvania campaign , Obama faced new scrutiny for certain comments and past relationships , while Clinton was caught exaggerating the dangers she faced in a trip to Bosnia as first lady in the 1990s .
And Pennsylvania ’s results showed that a potentially damaging racial divide persists in a campaign that once focused on voters ’ excitement over electing either the first black or female president .
Advertisement
Clinton won just 11 % of the black vote .
“ Anybody who says past this point that this is good for the party or good for the nominee is a fool , ” said Jordan , the Democratic strategist , who is not affiliated with either campaign .
The candidates , he said are “ exhausted , they ’re more likely to make mistakes , and they ’re raising each other ’s negatives . ”
Evidence of the damage was clear in the exit polls .
Consider one example sure to be troubling to Democratic leaders as they examine their chances for November : Among primary voters , about 4 in 10 surveyed said that Clinton was not honest and trustworthy , whereas about 3 in 10 had the same negative assessment of Obama .
--
Advertisement
peter.wallsten@latimes.com
Six years and nearly 400 million dollars later , the Laser Interferometer Gravitational - Wave Observatory ( LIGO ) still has n’t turned up the evidence for gravitational waves .
Gravitational waves are predicted by fundamental Einstein general relativity theories , but we have n’t been able to detect them .
Is it because the first generation laser interferometers are not sensitive enough ?
Is it because LIGO needs more time to see through the cosmic noise to root out the gravitational wave signature ?
This is a deeply worrying non-development for physicists as a null result means that something is n’t quite right .
We are certain ( in theory ) that these waves should be rippling through space - time ( after all , massive objects are colliding and exploding all the time throughout the Universe ) , but if we ca n’t detect the things in our own cosmic back yard , something must be awry .
In a recent publication , LIGO scientists have discussed the lack of evidence for gravitational waves , but remain upbeat that they can still be found …
I find myself getting a little uncomfortable when discussing laser interferometers in the search for gravitational waves .
On the one hand , the physicists involved are doing some cutting - edge science to search for one of the most observationally difficult things to find ; and if they do find a gravitational wave signature it will provide the direct evidence for one of Einstein ’s critical general relativity predictions .
On the other hand , a huge amount of money has been ploughed into the LIGO project , and despite all the optimistic predictions , it has still generated few results .
Unfortunately , the latter is persisting in a new publication from the LIGO scientists .
Using data from three years ago , observational results were combined from the US LIGO detectors and the German GEO600 .
Looking at a month - period from February to March 2005 , the analysis is not good news ; no gravitational waves were found during this international effort ( combining the US and German detectors would have seriously increased the sensitivity of the results , so this is very bad ) .
The team even go as far to say “ No candidate gravitational wave signals have been identified . ”
Oh dear .
As pointed out by the Physics arXiv Blog , this may just have been bad luck .
Perhaps there were no black hole collisions , supernovae or spinning lumpy neutron stars that month ?
Possibly .
It seems more likely that the instrumentation is n’t sensitive enough or something is n’t quite right with the theory .
These two options would be terrible news for the LIGO team and other laser interferometer groups around the world .
However , many would argue that this is only the first - generation of laser interferometers and that we are learning so much simply by using an developing the technology .
Unfortunately , science funding does n’t work like that .
Try asking for the next half - billion dollars from the NSF when the first $ 400 million experiment did n’t produce results .
I can guarantee there will be little enthusiasm for a gen - 2 LIGO proposal …
Still , we have to remain optimistic , after all , six years is n’t very long .
The longer LIGO takes data , the better refined the results become .
Perhaps LIGO scientists need to think outside the box on this one … why do I get the feeling that the results from LIGO are not as benign as we think , there could be another effect that gravitational waves have on the local Universe we have n’t taken into account .
Oddly , this reminds me of a quote in one of my favourite films , Indiana Jones : Raiders of the Lost Ark :
Indiana : Balloq ’s medallion only had writing on one side ?
You sure about that ?
Sallah : Positive !
Indiana : Balloq ’s staff is too long .
Indiana , Sallah :
They ’re digging in the wrong place !
Perhaps the LIGO physicists are also digging in the wrong place …
Source : Physics arXiv Blog
Absolutely .
Non-toxic cleaners are the far better , safer choice in household cleaning .
That said , there is still some danger in any cleaning product .
Your child could have an allergy to an ingredient , it might contain an eye irritant or could cause stomach upsets .
This is much less of a concern than carcinogens and mutagens in cleaning supplies , but that does n’t mean we can store our solutions under the sink in an unlocked cupboard and assume that our child is safe .
This topic came up last night with a girlfriend of mine , she is one of the most environmental people I know .
She shot me an email saying , “ As a Mom who has changed to eco-friendly products , be it Seventh Generation , or Vermont Soap Organic All Purpose Cleaner , or even a vinegar , baking soda and water mix - what if my child were to get into it , swallow it / drink it ?
How non-toxic is it really , as far as having to call 911 , etc … ?
I mean , you still have to call a doctor , right ?
Even though it is “ non-toxic ” you should still follow some sort of instruction in case of eye contact / swallowing ? ”
So I did a little research .
The short answer is that you should ALWAYS have the number for Poison Control ( 1-800-222-1222 ) posted clearly in your house .
We keep it on the refrigerator and by the telephone .
Second , remember that cleaning products are still cleaning products and a cup full of surfactants ( even natural ones ) may not feel so good in the belly .
Seventh Generation is awesome and discloses all ingredients on the company ’s website .
They also include MSDS sheets on all products that need one .
I brought up the MSDS on Seventh Generation ’s Chlorine Free Bleach .
When you compare this to Chlorine Bleach , it seems mild indeed .
However , it can cause eye irritation and should n’t be ingested .
If you are using a baking soda , vinegar and water mix ( as I am quite fond of ) , there is n’t a whole lot to worry about unless your child consumes undissolved baking soda or a large quantity of the liquid .
At most they should get a tummy ache , but this is one of those times a call to the Pediatrician should be routine .
If you add essential oils , you might get the joy of adding diarrhea to the mix .
Hydrogen Peroxide is not intended for consumption , so if your child drinks it there could be a risk .
Topical solutions we purchase at the drug store for cuts should n’t pose too much risk , however once we get into food grade ( 35 % ) there are serious risk if the Hydrogen Peroxide is n’t properly diluted and stored .
My Ecover Dishwasher
Tabs simply state on the box “ Keep all cleaning products out of children ’s reach . ”
There is no disclaimer about eye or skin irritation or danger of ingestion .
I was unable to locate any further information on the website , but it does list the ingredients .
If I am ever in doubt , I know that a call to the Poison Control Center ( 1-800-222-1222 ) with the ingredient list will educate me of any possible danger .
Related Articles on Non-Toxic Homes :
A koala was sitting on a gum tree ....... smoking a joint
when a little lizard walked past , looked up and said ,
' Hey Koala !
What are you doing ?'
The koala said , ' Smoking a joint , come up and have some . '
So the little lizard climbed up and sat next to the koala
where they enjoyed a few joints .
After a while the little lizard said that his mouth was ' dry '
and that he was going to get a drink from the river .
The little lizard was so stoned that he leaned too far
over and fell into the river .
A crocodile saw this and swam over to the little lizard and
helped him to the side .
Then he asked the little lizard ,
' What 's the matter with you ? '
The little lizard explained to the crocodile that he
was sitting smoking a joint with the koala in the tree ,
got too stoned and then fell into the river while taking a drink .
The crocodile said that he had to check this out and walked
into the rain forest , found the tree where the koala was
sitting finishing a joint .
The crocodile looked up and said ,
' Hey you !'
So the koala looked down at him and said ,
In 1951 , Morton Sobell was tried and convicted with Julius and Ethel Rosenberg on espionage charges .
He served more than 18 years in Alcatraz and other federal prisons , traveled to Cuba and Vietnam after his release in 1969 and became an advocate for progressive causes .
Through it all , he maintained his innocence .
But on Thursday , Mr. Sobell , 91 , dramatically reversed himself , shedding new light on a case that still fans smoldering political passions .
In an interview , he admitted for the first time that he had been a Soviet spy .
And he implicated his fellow defendant Julius Rosenberg , in a conspiracy that delivered to the Soviets classified military and industrial information and what the American government described as the secret to the atomic bomb .
In the interview with The New York Times , Mr. Sobell , who lives in the Riverdale neighborhood of the Bronx , was asked whether , as an electrical engineer , he turned over military secrets to the Soviets during World War II when they were considered allies of the United States and were bearing the brunt of Nazi brutality .
Was he , in fact , a spy ?
About half of the traditional lightbulbs on sale in Ireland will be banned next March , under Government plans announced today .
The Republic 's Environment Minister John Gormley said he believed that by forcing consumers to switch to more energy efficient alternatives they would help cut greenhouse gases .
It would also save householders ' money , as the new - style light bulbs use less energy and last longer than the traditional types , he claimed .
" The proposed standard will offer significant benefits for consumers in terms of reducing the cost of lighting and for the environment in terms of reducing greenhouse gas emissions which contribute to climate change , " he said .
" It provides a great opportunity for individuals to actively engage in reducing greenhouse gas emissions and to reduce their carbon footprint . "
Mr Gormley has published his proposal , in a consultation paper , to withdraw all traditional bulbs from the market starting with 75 W and above from March .
This first phase will target ordinary incandescent tungsten filament bulbs and low energy - efficient incandescent tungsten filament halogen bulbs .
" With more energy efficient alternatives now widely available , the proposed standard is a sensible and timely measure in terms of reducing both the carbon intensity and cost of general lighting , " said Mr Gormley .
The consultation paper , available on http://www.environ.ie , outlines details of the proposed standard that will be rolled out over the coming years .
Belfast Telegraph
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
10/09/2008
Dramatic license : Randy still unhappy with CA paperwork
by Jeremy Hooper
On Monday we told you how the words " bride " and " groom " will be put back on California marriage licenses , with marrying parties having the option to select the labels if they so choose .
Leave it to one of California 's most vocal anti-gays , Randy Thomasson , to make a stink out of what should be a crowd - pleasing move :
" This escalates the war for marriage by officially offering the label of ' bride and bride ' and ' groom and groom ' to homosexuals , " said Randy Thomasson , president of Campaign for Children and Families . "
For the first time , it means two official ' brides ' and two official ' grooms , ' not just one bride and just one groom like it used to be .
What are children to think ?
This craziness is another reason Californians should vote yes on Proposition 8 . "
...
" By announcing before the election that the marriage form will be changed after the election , the Schwarzenegger administration is confusing voters to think that some of the widespread problems caused by homosexual ' marriages ' have been solved , when they have n't , " said Thomasson .
" The media is widely reporting that bride and groom have been ' restored ' to California 's marriage license .
The Schwarzenegger administration is engaging in sleight of hand to depress voter turnout for Prop. 8 . "
" What are children to think ? "
Well in the off chance that a child directs mental energy towards this civil licensing document , he or she should certainly that government certificates should accommodate all available participants .
And if you teach a child anything different from the current law allows , than you are the one who is " indoctrinating " on this issue .
Oh , and as for the Schwarzenegger administration 's supposed " sleight of hand " :
Those who are desperately trying to sleight the wedding - baned hands of gay and lesbian couples really should n't be throwing stones .
Because the only problem that has followed California 's young marriage equality is the possibility that a tyrannical majority will roll it back !
California 's Same - Sex ' Marriage ' Crisis Gets Worse : Homosexual Couples [ Save California ]
Your thoughts
Why is the argument ALWAYS ' what will the kids thing ' ' how will this affect those poor fragile children ' .
Ask the kids with gay parents .
They 'll tell you that YOU'RE the problem and YOU'RE the ones that cause their family stress .
Not their gay parents .
These people do n't care about the kids .
Posted by : | Oct 9 , 2008 3:58:06 PM
I 'm pretty sure the kids are thinking , " Am I going to be able to afford college ?
Are my parents going to be able to afford to insure me / themselves ?
How long are we going to be in Iraq ? "
Posted by : Baby Power Dyke | Oct 9 , 2008 7:24:47 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Some pretty extreme methods for waking up are out there , but for those of you who'd prefer something a bit more natural , have a passing glance at Philips ' Wake - up Light .
This admittedly brilliant device simulates the rising of the sun by gradually getting brighter as your desired required wake - up time draws near .
If that 's not enough , your windowless apartment can become the middle of Central Park with the inclusion of bird sounds , babbling brooks and millions of citizens yapping on mobiles .
Okay , so maybe that last bit will come with a future firmware update , but if the current iteration is good enough for you , it can be acquired now for around $ 120 .
[ Via UberReview ]
Update : Seems this has been around for at least a bit in some parts of Europe .
Share the love !
BOSTON – Aug. 20 , 2008 – A study by researchers at the Joslin Diabetes Center has shown that a protein known for its role in inducing bone growth can also help promote the development of brown fat , a " good " fat that helps in the expenditure of energy and plays a role in fighting obesity .
" Obesity is occurring at epidemic rates in the U.S. and worldwide and that impacts the risk and prognosis of many diseases , " said Yu- Hua Tseng , Ph.D. an Assistant Investigator in the Joslin Section on Obesity and Hormone Action and lead author of the paper published in the August 21 issue of Nature .
" We hope this study can be translated into applications to help treat or prevent obesity . "
Tseng noted that obesity is a major risk factor for type 2 diabetes and is closely linked to the metabolic syndrome , a collection of medical problems associated with insulin resistance that can lead to an increased risk of atherosclerosis , the buildup of plaque in coronary arteries that leads to heart attack and stroke .
In laboratory studies of mouse cells , Tseng and her colleagues identified that a bone - inducing protein called BMP - 7 drives precursor cells that give rise to mature brown fat cells .
According to Tseng , there are two main types of fat cells in the body – white and brown .
" White fat cells are the ' conventional ' form of fat designed to store energy .
By contrast , the main role of brown fat is to burn calories by generating heat .
Brown fat cells largely disappear by adulthood in humans , but their precursors still remain in the body , " Tseng explained .
A 2005 Joslin study by Dr. Tseng and colleagues discovered genes that control the creation of the precursor cells of brown fat .
Another more recent 2007 Joslin study led by C. Ronald Kahn , M.D. , head of the Joslin Section on Obesity and Hormone Action and also a co-author of the current Nature study , found clusters of brown fat cells dispersed between bundles of muscle fibers in an obesity - resistant strain of mice .
Now , this latest study identified BMP - 7 as the protein capable of inducing the formation and function of brown fat cells .
According to the paper , delivery of BMP - 7 into mice using adenovirus as a vector resulted in an increase in the development of brown fat tissue .
In one of the experiments , the mice that developed brown fat tissue gained less weight than those that did not .
In another experiment , mice that received injections of progenitor cells – similar to stem cells – that had been pre-treated with BMP - 7 also developed additional brown fat tissue .
The study sought to address a fundamental question in adipocyte biology , namely what controls the development of fat depots .
BMPs are a family of proteins known to regulate organ formation during embryonic development .
In this study , Dr. Tseng and her colleagues proposed that different members of BMPs determine brown versus white fat cell fate .
Scientists hope that improved knowledge of fat development will lead to new drugs or therapeutic approaches to fight obesity .
" Diet and exercise are still the best approaches for weight reduction in the general population , " Tseng said .
" However , for people who are genetically predisposed to obesity , these approaches may have very little effect . "
" As we learn more about the controls of brown fat development , medical interventions to increase energy expenditure by brown fat inducing agents , such as BMP - 7 , may provide hope to these individuals in losing weight and preventing the metabolic disorders associated with obesity , " she said .
Source : Joslin Diabetes Center
Unless it happened when I glanced away , up until this moment , 77 minutes into the 90 - minute debate , John McCain has not once looked at Obama -- while listening to him , while addressing him , while disagreeing with him , while finding moments of accord .
This is distinctly strange -- if anyone else notices .
Obama is acting as if this is a conversation ; McCain , as if he cannot acknowledge the other party in the discussion .
More on non-body - language points tomorrow a.m .
Look at this chap sitting outside the Caffè Uno at Paddington station .
He is reading For Whom the Bell Tolls with slightly exaggerated attention .
He has a Uniball pen close to hand , for making shrewd marginal comments .
He holds the book up before his face , and his chin juts slightly , as if the fall of Hemingway 's lapidary prose were giving him some caffeine boost of vicarious heroism .
Behold , his whole posture seems to say , at least someone around here has a brain .
Check out the woman on the Tube reading Sadie Jones 's 1940s - set The Outcast .
She sits quite still and unself - conscious , lost in the narrative , her spine upright as a schoolmarm 's , her head bowed , her hands cradling the book on her lap , unintentionally mirroring the famous 1955 picture of Marilyn Monroe reading Ulysses .
And she is reading the hardback version of Ms Jones 's novel .
That puts her in a minuscule percentage of British people prepared to shell out £ 17.99 for a new cloth - bound book , rather than wait for the paperback .
But can it be that all these readers – the coffee - shop man , the Tube schoolmarm , Marilyn Monroe – represent a doomed species ?
Has the actual business of reading a book , of digesting a whole text of 70,000 words or more , become too much for the human race ?
A transatlantic debate is currently raging about whether a decade of staring at computer screens , sending emails and text messages , and having our research needs serviced instantly by Google and Wikipedia , has taken a terrible toll on our attention , until our brains have been reconfigurated and can no longer adjust the tempo of our mental word - processing to let us read a book all the way through .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
An important contribution to the debate was Nicholas Carr 's Atlantic Monthly article " Is Google Making us Stupid ? " , in which he reports that he can no longer connect with long articles or books the way he used to ; the intensity of focus and concentration that used to see him " immersed " in connecting sentences has dissipated .
And the villain to whom blame can be attributed is the internet .
" As the media theorist Marshall McLuhan pointed out in the 1960s , " writes Carr , " media are not just passive channels of information .
They supply the stuff of thought , but they also shape the process of thought .
And what the Net seems to be doing is chipping away my capacity for concentration and contemplation .
My mind now expects to take in information the way the Net distributes it : in a swiftly moving stream of particles .
Once I was a scuba diver in the sea of words .
Now I zip along the surface like a guy on a Jet Ski . "
Carr quotes a research programme that monitored the behaviour of researchers visiting information sources .
Most of the researchers , it found , hopped incontinently from site to site , never staying longer than a few paragraphs , apparently unable to sustain interest in one text .
The report 's authors coined a splendid phrase : " ... there are signs that new forms of ' reading ' are emerging , as users ' power browse ' horizontally through titles , contents pages and abstracts , going for quick wins .
It almost seems that they go online to avoid reading in the traditional sense . "
Power browsing !
But what if our loss of focus in sustained reading is more than mere impatience with accessing information ?
It seems that we may be losing the capacity of " settling into " a book , of immersing ourselves in a plot or – more importantly – in the stream of somebody else 's thoughts , in a way that readers ( and writers ) once took for granted .
In the days of the Enlightenment , when few books were published and people read for amusement in their leisure hours , the speed of thought , as expressed in books , could afford to be slow , proceeding from point to point in Augustanly balanced steps .
Victorian prose substituted orotundity for harmony : readers would settle in for long evenings letting Barchester Towers or Our Mutual Friend wash over them .
This was the period when , say , William Gladstone could tell friends , with every expectation of empathy , that he had stayed up all night to read The Woman in White .
In this century , 150 years later , it seems that our attention span has shortened alarmingly .
The average - length novel is too much of a stretch for the time - challenged , multi-tasking , BlackBerry - prodding " entertainment consumer " to contemplate reading , let alone the 700 - page biography of VS Naipaul or Edith Wharton .
Not because of the size of books , but because of the thought processes they contain .
In 1994 , an American academic called Sven Birkerts published a seminal study , " The Gutenberg Elegies : the Fate of Reading in an Electronic Age " .
Before plunging into the page vs screen debate , he recalled his experience of teaching a course on " the American short story " to a class of undergraduates .
They tackled Henry James 's story " Brooksmith " , and hated it .
Was it , asked Birkerts , the language , the style , the syntax ?
All of those , said the students .
It turned out they were defeated by everything that James was trying to communicate .
The narrative river of thoughts was n't one on which they could sail .
The subtle moral distinctions between characters , the importance of their choices in the society through which they moved – it was n't just that the students found such things old - fashioned ; they could n't grasp them at all .
Birkerts found that , as watchers of TV and videos , " they had difficulty slowing down enough to concentrate on prose of any density ; they had problems with what they thought of as archaic diction , with allusions , with vocabulary that seemed ' pretentious ' ; they were especially uncomfortable with indirect or interior passages , indeed with any deviations from straight plot ; and they were put off by an ironic tone , because it flaunted superiority and made them feel they were missing something . "
It dawned on Birkerts that a whole generation of young American readers were becoming gradually decoupled from the whole culture of the written word .
Are we similarly affected , in Britain , in the early 21st century ?
It seems we are .
We have n't enough time to read as we used to .
We have less and less inclination to tackle the kind of " classics " ( Don Quixote , Bleak House , Moby Dick , In Search of Lost Time ) that teenage readers once confidently approached .
We 'd love to be au courant with the modern novel , but we feel suspicious of the extravagant claims made by reviewers and prize judges : does Joseph O'Neill 's Netherland really " deserve to be ranked with the best of Updike and Fitzgerald " ( The Observer ) ?
Was Stef Penney 's first novel , The Tenderness of Wolves , which won the Costa Book of the Year , really the finest book in any category to be published in 2006 ?
And we buy fewer and fewer works of serious fiction .
Twenty - five years ago , when the Amis - Barnes - Rushdie generation was getting under way , readers seemed to have no problem ' being steered towards experimental , inward - looking , linguistically challenging fiction .
Flaubert 's Parrot sold well , despite its metafictional games with biography , as did Amis 's Money , despite its torrentially exhausting Amer - English prose style .
Graham Swift 's Waterland , now on school English syllabuses , flew out of bookshops in its Picador paperback livery , as did One Hundred Years of Solitude and Midnight 's Children .
Now , many serious writers complain , challenging fiction does n't appeal ; " difficult " novels do n't sell .
Adam Mars - Jones 's massive , and beautifully - written novel Pilcrow , published earlier this year , sold only a few hundred copies , and there have been several similar casualties .
Although , traditionally , every Booker winner invariably becomes a world bestseller , the 2008 winner , Anne Enright 's The Gathering , made the briefest appearance in the top 10 before disappearing .
It had a narrative of sorts , but was broken - backed in structure and its strength was the narrator 's wry , funny , piss - taking tone – exactly the kind of thing that Prof Birkerts ' students hated in Henry James .
To sell now , books evidently need to be big on plot and incident , short on interior monologue – the sort of titles that the Richard & Judy Book Club strenuously promotes .
" Most literary programmes , which are on late at night and concerned with ' literature ' , intimidate lots of people , " said Judy Finnegan last year .
" For some , that a book has been Booker - nominated is actually a turn - off . "
Can this , then , be the future of reading : an increasing number of low - brow , plot - driven works will flood the market , consigning works of literary merit to a watery grave , while the low - brows vie with each other for the attention of readers so badly affected by the moving stream of internet info - processing , that they can no longer focus their attention for longer than a few pages ?
It seems oddly coincidental that the e-book is coming into our reading lives around now .
With its hand - tooled leather binding , its do n't - be - scared page dimensions ( two - thirds the size of a standard paperback ) , its flexible typeface and typesize formats , and the astounding capacity of its memory ( it can store up to 160 standard - size titles ) , it is user - friendly , glossy , rather pretty in its ingénue novelty .
But its callowness makes you weep .
The instructions tell you , " One battery charge is equal to 6,800 page turns ( that 's enough to read War and Peace five times over on a single charge ! ) "
Yeah , right .
But it 's not going to happen on the Sony Reader .
Nobody is ever going to read Tolstoy on this fatuous device .
It 's an electronic simulation of a page , but it 'll never convince you it 's a book , to be read by your sentient eyes and brain .
It does n't have the solidity , the pages , the tactile companionship of a book .
You 'll never know where you are in the story , or how much of it is left .
You wo n't have the cover artwork , to steal inside your head and become a lifelong reminder of the book it encased .
And you can't turn the pages .
I spent half an hour reading Agatha Christie 's The Murder of Roger Ackroyd ( the first book to be installed ) with my fingers itching to turn a page ; " turn " one electronically , and the screen goes blank before the next page is displayed .
It 's a nasty moment , the screen going blank and interrupting your train of thought ; but it 's a good metaphor for the blankness to which our minds are tending , as we gradually lose the ability to interpret the old world of sequential thoughts in the new blizzard of information retrieval .
What 's the word ?
Eight experts predict the future
The agent : Clare Alexander
" I 've been an agent for 10 years and was a publisher for 25 years before that .
Digitisation has had both an enormous impact on my job and , at the same time , no impact at all .
" The impact is that I now spend an enormous amount of time in negotiations with publishers getting ready for the digital explosion they perceive is about to happen .
" Print on demand is a new technology which , to my mind , is far more important than the e-book .
It means that , effectively a book never goes out of print – and the author never gets their rights back from the publisher , even if the publisher is no longer promoting it .
It means there is no opportunity for a new publisher to give a book a new lease of life .
" Another big digital issue is that publishers are now selling themselves to authors by saying that they can police their work , and stop them being ripped off [ by pirating ] .
But nobody wants a publisher who 's a policeman – you want a publisher who can market your book .
" Part of this new policing mentality is that publishers are becoming more risk - averse – children 's book authors , for example , are being asked to sign contracts agreeing to ' appropriate conduct ' in their private lives .
There 's also censorship : Jacqueline Wilson had the word ' twat ' in one of her books changed to ' twit ' .
As a result , I 'm spending much more time talking to publishers about legal issues and far less time on creativity .
There 's also the other side of the digital revolution – that original ideas filter through to print from the internet .
Yes , occasionally a blog becomes a book – about sex , usually – and the really original ideas percolate through , but most stuff online is crap !
" I do n't believe the publishing industry will have an ' iPod moment ' .
People say that the new generation is n't interested in reading books , but they forget that this is the generation that grew up reading Harry Potter .
Clare Alexander is a literary agent at Aitken Alexander Associates Ltd , whose clients include VS Naipaul , Mark Haddon , Sarah Dunant , Germaine Greer , Colin Thubron and Penny Vincenzi
The new - media lecturer : Sue Thomas
" The aim of my course is to produce ' transliterate ' writers – ie , literate across many different kinds of media .
When we think ' literacy ' we think about print and transliteracy is about shaking off that domination of print which has , in a sense , I think , been a distraction .
" The internet has caused us to rethink what we mean by literacy : the [ traditional ] idea of literacy implies that before print people were illiterate – but , in fact , people simply were literate in many other things , such as oral and visual culture .
" One of the writers from my course is Alison Norrington , a chick - lit author : she learnt how to take her stories beyond the book on a blog , on Facebook , on Twitter , by making little movies , by sending her heroine into Second Life .
Another is Christine Wilkes , who has a filmmaking background and wrote an interactive memoir using design and programming .
You do n't need to be able to read and write much to tell a story .
" Will books exist in 50 years ?
Definitely , but they will also be just one of the many ways we experience art .
I feel quite cynical about the cloak of preciousness that 's been woven around the novel : it 's such a recent medium – we 've only had it a few hundred years and yet you often hear people say , ' We 've always had novels . '
No we have not ! "
Sue Thomas teaches the world 's only MA in creative writing and new media at the Institute of Creative Technology at De Montfort University
The author : Tracy Chevalier
" Digitalisation comes up at every Society of Authors meeting .
It 's an anxiety - filled discussion : how 's it going to affect contracts ; what percentage of royalties should be put on downloads ; pirating ;
Google scanning all the books in the world to put them online ; Amazon 's ' search inside the book ' .
" The death knell for the novel has been sounding for years .
An American study in 2004 found that only 49 per cent of adults there read even one book that year , so the good thing about the internet is that there 's a lot of reading going on online .
" Younger people are more adventurous in the way they take in information and not so emotionally wedded to the book as older people .
The music industry has paved the way in terms of expectations of how we receive information and it ' snatural that our industry will have its iPod moment .
" I do n't know whether [ new technology ] will change how I write a book .
Some authors will , some I know are appalled at the idea .
I think it 's more a matter of broadening out the types of books that are written – seeing these new forms as another genre .
We 've got the literary novel , crime , romance , westerns , chick lit , and I think the e-novel will become just another genre and it'll bring the younger generation in . "
Tracy Chevalier is the author of novels including ' The Girl With the Pearl Earring ' .
She chairs the Society of Authors
The Google guy : Santiago de la Mora
" There are two strands to Google Book Search .
One is a collaboration with publishers to showcase their books online , though it is important to explain that users cannot see a whole book on screen ( however they can do keyword searches on the full text ) .
" The other strand is a collaboration with libraries , where we scan and upload their books – the out - of - copyright ones .
These books can then be viewed in their entirety online .
" Does Google Book Search symbolise the death of the [ printed ] book ?
On the contrary , it gives books more visibility and makes it easier for people to buy them , or to know they exist in libraries .
Now they can be read by anyone , anywhere .
I 'm originally from Columbia : I know what I grew up with and that the biggest barrier in life is no access to information .
So from a personal viewpoint , it 's a beautiful project . "
Santiago de la Mora heads Google Book Search 's European partnerships
The librarian : Richard Ovenden
" The Bodleian is one of the oldest libraries in the UK – over 400 years old – but we were the first to start doing serious digitisation , in 1994 , and the first UK library to partner with Google Book Search , four years ago .
" Hundreds of thousands of cultural objects from our rich collection can now be viewed , free of charge , online – from medieval manuscripts to 19th - century industrial catalogues .
These are really important tools for scholars and having them online not only makes access easier but also helps reduce wear and tear .
" Our reading rooms are still as busy as ever : the most high - quality digitisation does not replace the power of seeing the original artefact .
However , people are now more aware of what we 've got : a recent report identified a generation that felt that if something was n't online it did n't exist .
So if you digitise things , it does exist to that generation .
" As for reading for pleasure on screen ... when you want to read a good book on the bus , in bed or at work , it 's a lot easier with a book made of paper and tucked under your arm .
" I took my nine - year - old daughter to see A Winter 's Tale at the Globe recently and as soon as we got home she said ' Can we read the play , Dad ? '
There are dozens of versions online but I just went to the shelf , pulled out a copy , and we sat on the sofa and read it together . "
Richard Ovenden is Keeper of Special Collections at the University of Oxford 's Bodleian Library
The publisher : Jeremy Ettinghausen
" Penguin is the publisher that invented the paperback : innovation is in our DNA .
We were early bloggers , the first publisher with a podcast ; our Blog a Penguin Classic project won us an award .
We have 5,000 friends on Facebook , we 're on Twitter , and were the first to go into Second Life , where we took William Gibson , the writer who invented the word ' cyberspace ' .
" We do n't believe books will disappear – 99 per cent of our revenue still comes from ink on paper - but the way people read will change .
" People have shorter attention spans – a website has about three seconds to capture their attention .
As a result we are spending time learning from what Nike , Sony , Xbox , YouTube do – we 're competing for people 's entertainment time , particularly with a young audience .
One of our most successful new projects is Spinebreakers , our website for teenagers .
In the past it 's been hard to talk to teens – so we gave them a platform where they could talk to each other about books .
" People no longer want to be passive – they want to interact and share .
Another project was our ' wiki novel ' , A Million Penguins , written by the public .
It got 11,000 edits in five weeks , though it was more interesting as a social experiment than a valid work of fiction .
" With ' Telling Stories ' , we teamed authors up with video - game designers to tell stories .
There was a Google Map story , where you could follow the character 's story around the UK .
Another story , by Nicci French , was written live so viewers could see the words appear as they were typed .
" Our job is to get the work of our authors into as many people 's hands as possible – format is less important . "
Jeremy Ettinghausen is digital publisher at Penguin , the only publisher to be nominated for awards at this year 's New Media Age Effectiveness Awards
The digital convert : Chris Meade
" I used to be director of Booktrust [ which promotes books and reading ] and the Poetry Society , so I 've spent my life promoting books and reading .
Yet there was a huge reaction to my move [ to a charity investigating the potential of new media ] : people felt I was deserting literature and books – but I think it depends how you define a book .
If a book is a container of culture or knowledge , then our culture has been moving from the printed word to the moving screen for a long time .
" When I started my career it was all about the printed word , but I see these changes as exciting and a new creative opportunity for writers – and given that we 've spent so long asking how can new voices be heard , it 's great that now everyone can put their work out there rather than letting it gather dust under the bed .
It is also an opportunity for writers to take control and manage their affairs themselves .
" As for readers – reading has always been a creative activity , but online the reader plays an even more creative role in interaction .
" Could you compare a blog or a story told via Twitter to Dickens ?
Well , Dickens wrote in soap opera - like episodes .
It 's always easier to decide where the cultural action has been , but hard to spot it at the time .
These things are happening and we need to adjust . "
Chris Meads is director of if : book , a charity exploring the creative potential of new media for writers and readers that is part of the organisation The Future of the Book
The teacher : Andrew Cowan
" Is the world of books changing ?
I honestly have no sense of that at all .
As a student 20 years ago , I did the MA that I now teach in prose fiction and I see no change in the approach and ambitions of my own students to that of me and my peers back then .
" The touchstone authors my students , mainly in their twenties , are referencing are still the traditional ones .
It 's Nabakov , Joyce , Austen .
" Their interest is in the books reviewed in the broadsheets and the ones that win the Booker .
Their ambition is to be on sale in high - street bookshops and published in book form by a mainstream publisher .
That is , to them , a badge , because it measures the value of their writing against the writing they admire .
" Ahead of this interview , I talked to them about digitisation and not one of them had heard of Twitter , and they were all hostile to the idea of e-books .
" They 're not immersed in digital fiction , either – some have been published online , but feel it 's second - best ; they 're concerned about the lack of editorial control on the Net and only pursue it because there is a dearth of [ print ] outlets for short stories .
" None of them keeps a blog , though one admitted sheepishly that she 'd started one , and the others were all smirking about it .
This is the new generation of writers . "
Andrew Cowan is an author and senior lecturer in creative writing at UEA .
His novels include , ' Pig ' , ' What I Know ' and ' Common Ground '
Interviews by Kate Burt
Exclusive
Fleetwood Mac Skateboarder $ 10 k in Donations Is Huge Blessing ... It 's Time For New Car , RV !!!
These are some of the most popular search terms online for Alaska Governor and Republican vice presidential pick Sarah Palin since Friday .
Image : Wordle.net
John McCain 's campaign team has often used Barack Obama 's popularity and the world 's interest in him as a tool to belittle his candidacy during the 2008 presidential campaign .
The McCain camp has used videos such as " Celeb " and " Obama Love " to mock the Democrats ' leading man .
But for now it turns out that Alaska Governor Sarah Palin has more in common with Britney Spears and Paris Hilton in internet - searchers ' minds than Obama .
That 's according to the audience measurement firm Hitwise , and search pattern statistics from Google .
Of course , since relatively few of the electorate knew who Palin was before last Friday , it makes sense that the top search term for Palin was simply the vice presidential candidate 's name .
But the second and third top searches , of the 1,323 unique search queries tracked over the past few weeks were " Vogue Magazine , " and " Photos , " according to Hitwise ' general managing Bill Tancer in arecent article in *
Time * and author of " Click : What Millions Do Online And Why It Matters . "
Other popular searches among the " American public , " he writes , are " hot photos , " " Sarah Palin Bikini Photos , " " Sarah Palin Nude , " and " Sarah Palin Naked . "
You might normally associate those terms with those other two women who are famous for being famous .
Of course , in the short time that McCain announced his pick , Palin 's already become supermarket tabloid fodder too .
The spike in interest in Palin was also noticed by Chicago writer Nate Silver .
Silver noted in a blog post yesterday that searches for Palin blew way past the search terms " Britney Spears , " " Paris Hilton , " " Michael Phelps , " and " Barack Obama , " combined .
Could all this online searching , and Palin 's good looks and relative youth at 44 , translate into more of the online demographic learning about McCain 's position on the issues and liking what they see ?
Michael D. Hais ( a Democrat ) and co-author of " Millennial Makeover , " with Morley Winograd , does n't think so .
" The Millennial generation identify themselves as Democrats two to one , and they 're the first generation in three or four generations where more people call themselves liberal than conservative , " he said .
Moreover , Palin 's confrontational style does n't sit well with this emerging political generation , who were born between 1982 and 2003 .
Millennials want to work out issues by working together through compromise , he said .
And the demographic research shows that they 're more concerned with civic duty than culture war issues such as abortion .
Palin 's speech , at least as far as he could tell from last night , Hais said , emphasized partisan differences and a right and wrong , which is not how Millennials like to approach the solving of problems .
" It 's : ' We 're on one side of the issue , and the other side is wrong , ' and that is not the way Millennials approach things , " he said .
Rather , Obama 's approach of reaching out for compromise , like the way he did in his nomination acceptance speech last week , is more in tune with these young voters , he said .
Hais specifically cited Obama 's comment on abortion .
Specifically , Obama had said : " We may not agree on abortion , but surely we can agree on reducing the number of unwanted pregnancies in this country . "
Hais cites a USA Today / Gallup pollthat re-inforces this hunch that Palin 's speech is n't likely to have appealed to the Millennials to switch over .
The poll , published Thursday , shows a decline in swing voters from 30 percent a week ago to 21 percent .
He says that suggests that more voters have dug their heels in .
The following statement just in from Senator Hillary Clinton on tonight 's presidential debate :
" Tonight Barack Obama displayed beyond a doubt that he understands both the gravity of the financial crisis facing America , and the challenges we face in Iraq and around the world .
Senator McCain offered only more of the same failed policies of the Bush Administration .
America deserves better .
" I stood next to Barack Obama in 22 debates and tonight epitomized why millions are joining me in standing with him and working hard to ensure he is the next President of the United States . "
BlogFlux Themes
This section of the site is currently shutdown .
We hope to bring it back soon .
In the meantime please visit Blog Flux or our blog directory .
Is Wal - Mart crossing the legal line with anti-Democratic campaign ?
RAW STORY
Published : Friday August 1 , 2008
Print This Email This Executives at the nation 's largest retailer , Wal - Mart , are all - but urging their employees to vote Republican this November , fearing that a Barack Obama presidency combined with Democratic gains in the Senate could spell doom for their anti-union business model .
The Wall Street Journal reports Friday that company executives are forcing store managers and department heads into mandatory meetings where they are warned that Democratic victories would make it easier for unions to organize in their stores .
The retail giant has responded to previous attempts to unionize by eliminating departments or shutting down stores .
Wal - Mart opposes proposed legislation called the Employee Free Choice Act , which would make it easier for workers to unionize by signing a card rather than holding a vote .
The Journal spoke to a dozen employees in seven states who attended meetings with Wal - Mart human resources managers who delivered the company 's anti-union line , warning that " unionized stores would have to pay hefty union dues while getting nothing in return , and may have to go on strike without compensation . "
While the company insists it is not telling employees how to vote , some who attended scoff at the notion .
" The meeting leader said , ' I am not telling you how to vote , but if the Democrats win , this bill will pass and you wo n't have a vote on whether you want a union , ' " a Wal - Mart customer - service supervisor from Missouri told the paper .
" I am not a stupid person .
They were telling me how to vote , " she said .
Such actions put the company on a " fine legal line , " according to the report .
Wal - Mart may be walking a fine legal line by holding meetings with its store department heads that link politics with a strong antiunion message .
Federal election rules permit companies to advocate for specific political candidates to its executives , stockholders and salaried managers , but not to hourly employees .
While store managers are on salary , department supervisors are hourly workers .
However , employers have fairly broad leeway to disseminate information about candidates ' voting records and positions on issues , according to Jan Baran , a Washington attorney and expert on election law .
The Journal report said Wal - Mart human - resources managers who run the meetings do not specifically tell attendees how to vote in November 's presidential election , but they make it clear that voting for Democratic presidential hopeful Senator Barack Obama would be tantamount to inviting unions in .
" If anyone representing Wal - Mart gave the impression we were telling associates how to vote , they were wrong and acting without approval , " Tovar said .
Wal - Mart , which does not have a unionized U.S. workforce , has been the target of union - backed groups that criticize the retailer for everything from its pay practices to its health care benefits .
The company is a key player in the so - called " Coalition for a Democratic Workplace , " a pro-industry group mounting an agressive advertising campaign and lobbying effort against the Employee Free Choice Act .
With wire reports
「 オンラインで流せるテープ 」 を提供していた muxtape が閉鎖して一月。昨日出た、運営者からのメッセージを勢いで翻訳する。
http://muxtape.com/story
http://muxtape.tumblr.com/post/51762430 ←反応
僕は音楽を愛している。
音楽を愛している人にとって、そして音楽そのものにとって、音楽を共有するという欲望は、本質的でかかせないものだと信じている。
愛すべき音楽に出会ったとき、僕たちは友達をターンテーブルの前に集め、CDを貸し、カーステレオで鳴らし、ミックステープを作る。
僕たちは、音楽から感じるものを知っているから。他の誰かにも、それを感じてほしいから。
Muxtapeの物語が始まったのは、僕がオレゴンでやっていた、週一の大学ラジオ番組だ。
その番組で流した曲の記録のかたわら、そのプレイリストをウェブに上げていた。ひとつのブロックが、その週の番組を記録したカセットに対応するというものだ。
当時、ミックステープは斜陽の時代に入っていた。でも、あのプレイリストのページは、ミックステープと同じ役割を、そして多くの点でよりよい役割を果たすはずだ。僕は番組を終えてからも、そのことをずっと考え続けた。
ミックステープのように、プレイリストはある意図を持って集められたものであって、その価値は単なる足し算にとどまらない。
ミックステープとは違って、プレイリストには物理的に届けるための制約がない。でも同時に、そこには実際の楽曲がない。
誰かがそのページを見にきてくれても、知っている曲があれば共感してくれるだろうが、
本来リスナーである人たちにミックスを実際に編集する手間を押し付けるのは、もともとの目的をダメにしてしまう。
五年後、インターネット技術が格段に進歩していた。
僕はウェブサイトの実験的なUIを試す仕事をしていた。
プレイリストのことをまた考えはじめ、ついにそれに命を吹き込んだのは、その頃のことだ。
僕の音楽を（ミックステープ的な意味で）共有するという欲望はなくなってはいなかった。
だけど、その行き場はなくなりつつあった。
大手のブログサービスは音楽ファイルを短期的に置けるようにしていたけれど、
そういう場は僕が求めていたものではない。
カセットテープを手に握ったときにうまれる、突き動かされるような感覚。
それを手にしただけで、プレイヤーを探してそいつの使命を遂げさせたくなる。
Muxtapeの設計の目標は、そういう実感ををデジタル世界に翻訳してやり、音楽が生命の火花を散らして、持つ人を聞かずにはいられなくするということだった。
最初のバージョンは僕のtumblrに載せた一枚のガジェットだったけれど、後の姿と本質的に変わりはない。
フィードバックはすごいものだった。
「 俺の分も作ってくれないか」という質問が次々と来た。
最初は、ソースコードのパッケージ方法をあれこれ考えていた。
でも考えが進むにつれ、それはひどくもったいないことだと気づいた。
ソースで配布すると、到達できる範囲はせいぜい自前のサーバーを持ったニッチなクラスタだけになってしまう。
音楽を発見するための、もっと大きな機会をすべて閉じてしまう。
ミックステープの抜け殻に見えていたそれは、すぐにミックステープの進化形に見えだしてきた。
作ってやらなければならない。
三週間の夜をけずった結果、僕はMuxtapeを公開した。
成功はすぐに目に見えて現れた。
24時間で8685人の登録があり、
1ヶ月で97748人の登録と1200万ユニークアクセスがあり、
さらに順調に伸びつづけた。
ニュースサイトへの露出も多数。
行き過ぎた予想。技術オタクは賛美するか、すぐに失敗すると断じるかに分かれた。
誰もがどきどきしていた。
僕はぞくぞくしていた。
Muxtapeは 「 レーダーの視界の下を飛んでいる」からなんとか生き残っているだけだ、という誤解は多かった。
いわく、メジャーレーベルに見つかれば、閉鎖させられるだろう、と。
実際には、レーベルとRIAAは普通の人と同じようにウェブを見ている。
僕も一週間かそこらで、連絡を受けた。
RIAA からの通告が、メールと書留郵便とFedEx夜間便（紙とCD）の三点セットで届いた。
彼らは、権利侵害に当たるらしい6つのmuxtapeを止めるように求めてきたから、僕はそうした。
同じ頃、あるメジャーの著作権問題( anti-piracy ) 担当者からの連絡を受けた。
電話をとって最初に聞いた一言は、「教えていただきたいんですが、召喚状と訴状は、どこに送ればいいんですかね？」
対話はそこから始まった。
召喚状は送られてこなくて、それは雰囲気を新規ビジネス立ち上げの会議にふさわしいものにしようとする彼の脅し戦術だった。
本当の狙いはビジネスだった。
同じ頃、別のビッグフォーの企画担当者からもコンタクトを受けた。
次の一月、僕は聴き続けた 。
頭のいい法律家、この手の問題について傾聴すべき意見を持つ人々と話し、
Muxtapeの合法性について合意を得ようとした。
得られそうな合意は、合意がないということだけだった。
「 Muxtape は100 % 合法で何の心配もない」から「 Muxtapeは違法コピーの宝庫。十億ドルの訴訟とライカー島( Riker's Island ) での服役の覚悟はあるのか？」までのあいだで、二十以上のすこしずつ違う意見をもらった。
結局Muxtapeの合法性は法律的に曖 昧 ( moot ) だった。
正当性があろうとなかろうと、訴訟で戦う費用はない僕の上に、メジャーレーベルは斧を振りかざしていた。
僕はいつも、アーティストかレーベルが連絡してきて問題を訴えたなら、削除をすると、自分の中で決めていた。
でも、誰からもそういう疑義はなかった。
ひとつも、なかった 。
逆に、僕が聞いた範囲では、どのアーティストもこのサイトのファンで、その可能性にわくわくすると言っていた。
そこの親会社は怒っているに違いない大きなレーベルのマーケティング担当から電話を貰い、最新の情報をホームページに反映させるにはどうすればいいかと訊かれたことも何度かあった。
小さめのレーベルからは、彼らのコンテンツを別のクリエイティブな仕方でアピールできないかと言われた。
明らかに 、Muxtapeはリスナーにもアーティストにも、同じように価値あるものだった。
五月、メジャーレーベルのひとつ、ユニバーサル・ミュージックとの最初の会議をした。
僕は、最悪の扱いを覚悟して、一人でそこに行った。
この十年、インディーの界隈に片足を突っ込み、そこで大きなレーベルが彼らの利益になるものも知らず、頑固にラッダイトしているのをみたからだ。
ここで言っておきたいのだけど、レーベルは自分自身のビジネスを、ふつうの人が疑っているレベルよりはずっとよく知っている。
ただし、未来へのアプローチに関しては、個々のレーベルによって驚くべき違いがある。
ユニバーサルで僕が会った紳士たちはすごく柔軟で機転が効いていた。
僕は、彼ら にMuxtapeが与える利点を売り込む必要はなかった。
彼ら はMuxtapeの素晴らしさを知っていて、ただ、支払いを欲しがっているだけだった。
その点については同情する。
僕は、共同で提案を行うにはまだいくらか時間が必要だと伝え、決定を先延ばしした。
数週間後、EMIとの会議をした。
彼らは大きく違ったタイプだった。
僕は会議室に入り、8、9人と握手をしてテーブルの前に着くと、目の前に
" Muxtape " と題された電話帳並のファイルがあった。
彼らは半円状になって左右の脳のように僕の回りに陣取った。片方は法律、もう片方はビジネス企画。
会議の相手は交互に切り替わった。
「 貴方は意図的に権利侵害をしている、サービスを止めるまでに数時間の猶予は与える」という法律サイドのハードな尋問と
「 仮にサービスを止めさせられなかったら、どのような協力がありえると思うか？」というおずおずとしたビジネスサイドとの議論。
僕は提案を作るのに二週間を求めたが、二日と告げられた。
決断をしなければならなかった。
僕がみるに、選択肢は三つ。
第一は、全てをやめること。これはずっと考えていなかったことだ。
第二は、メジャーレーベルのコンテンツを全て禁止すること。これなら、直近の危機を回避することができそうだが、二つ大きな問題があった。
ひとつは明らかなことだけど、ユーザーがミックスに使いたいと思う大半の音楽を禁止することになってしまう、ということ。
もうひとつはメジャーレーベル以外に関して、楽曲の所有権と利用をどう扱うべきかという重い問題についてなにもやらないに等しい、ということ。
中規模のレーベルと独立アーティストにも、彼らのコンテンツがどのように使われているかについて、それほど圧力は使えないにしろ、大企業と同様の基本的な権利がある。
第三の選択肢は、完全にライセンスを受けるモデルにすること。
これは、ユニバーサルの人に会ってからずっと挑戦していたことだ。
他のサービスでライセンスを受けているものは、いろいろな理由でうまくいっていることを知っていた。
同時に 、Muxtapeの場合は違うということ、少なくとも模索する価値はあることを知っていた。
レーベルがそこに価値を見出しているかどうかという疑問の答えは得られていなかったが、次の疑問は、それにどれだけの費用がかかるか、だった。
六月。
僕は五番街の法律事務所に、メジャーレーベルとのライセンス交渉の代理人をつとめることを求めて、彼らは承諾した。
二週間後、今度は弁護士を同席して、僕は四レーベルに会った。
そして、取引をするための遅々としたプロセスが始まった。
第一回は、堅苦しく複雑だった。だけど、思ったほど悪くはない。
僕は彼らを説得し 、Muxtapeがこのままサービスを続けることが皆にとっての最良の利益になる、と納得させた。
これでうまく行きそうだった。
さらに二ヶ月、投資家と会合を持ち、サイトの次のフェイズを設計し、交渉を監督した。
困難が予想されたのは 、Muxtapeが単純なオンデマンドサービスではない、という点で、オンデマンドよりは支払いが低くて済むはず、という点を考慮に入れてもらえるかどうかだった。
ライセンスの条件からはじめたかったのは、めずらしいwin-winになると思ったからでもある。
僕は、どんな通達があって も( at any given notice ) 、楽曲を検索して再生する機能を持たせたくはなかった。
一方、彼らもそういう昨日にあまりいい顔はしない（少なくとも、今の価格では）。
Muxtapeの特徴的な機能は、複数の意味で強みになった。
最初の危険信号は八月に来た。
それまでは、すべての議論は数字に関するものだったが、
合意に近づくにつれて、掲載位置の販売とかマーケティングの方向性に話が移ってきた。
Muxtapeのモバイルバージョンを提案したが、否定された。
僕の柔軟性は身動きできなくなっていた。
Muxtapeに対して公正な取引をすることに心を割いてはいたけど、僕がずっと持ちつづけていた最大の関心は、サイトの統一性と使用感を保つことだった。
（それはライセンスを求めはじめた元々の理由のひとつでもある）
Muxtapeの経済面での各種の侵略に合意したのも、動かしたい( play ball ) からだった 。
だけど、編集と創作についてコントロールを手放すのはものすごくつらいことだった。
これと格闘している最中 、Muxtape のサービスをホストしてい るAmazon Web Servicesから通告を受けたのが、8月15日。
RIAA からの訴状がAWS に届いている、と。
Amazonの規約によれば、とんでもなく長い一覧に挙げられた楽曲を一営業日以内にすべて除去しなければ、
サーバーを止められて全データを削除されることになっていた。
これはかなりの驚きだった。
RIAA からの連絡はずっと途絶えていたのだけれど、僕はこれをレーベルの理解が得られたためだと思っていた。
パニックになりながら何度 かAmazonとメールを交換し、
僕はライセンス交渉の最中にあること、これは事務的な間違いじゃないか、夏の金曜日の午後をとりもどせるようにするためにはなんでもしよう、ということを説明しようとした。
一営業日どころか、週末を越えて月曜日までやり続けても、結局、Amazonが要求する文書を作ることはできなかった。RIAAに電話で連絡したけれど、受けてもらうことさえできなかった。
そしてサーバーは止められ、アカウントは停止された。
僕はドメインネームを新しいサーバーに移して、
これを解決できるはずだという、ほんとうに感じていたままの期待をそこにメッセージとして残した。
僕はまだ、これがなにかのひどいミスだと思っていた。
でもそれは間違いだった。
事態がすこし把握できてきた次の週。
RIAA の動きは、レーベルの親会社とは別の、自律したものだということ。
レーベルとの間で得た理解は、RIAAには継承されないということ。
どのレーベルも、僕を助けることに特に興味を持っていないということ。
彼らの見かたでは、交渉には影響しない、という。
僕は納得しなかった 。
取引にはまだ数週間か数ヶ月（インターネット上では永遠に等しい）はかかる。
つまり 、Muxtapeはすくなくとも年末までは止まったままということだ。
また、どうやって支払うかという問題も残っていた。
この変わりやすい世界では、急成長するウェブサイトがある場合でさえ、投資を受けるのは難しい。
サイトがまったくない状態では、筋違いもいいところだ。
だから僕は、これまでの人生で一番つらい決断をした。
ライセンスの取引すべてからの撤退。
どの取引も、単純さを信条とするこのサイトに対しては複雑過ぎるものになりつつあり、
僕がやりたい方向のイノベーションにとって、制約が強すぎ敵対的すぎるものになりつつあった。
開発にほとんど注意を向けられなくなってしまった結果、僕は自分のモチベーションに疑問を感じはじめていた。
僕は、すべてを犠牲にして急スピードで大会社を建てるために、これをはじめたんじゃない。
僕がこれをはじめたのは、音楽を愛する人たちのために単純で美しいなにかを作りたかったからだ。
だから、またそこからはじめたいと思う。
約束したとおり、サイトは復帰させる。
でも、いままでどおりのものではない。
ある、開発初期段階にある機能を取り入れるからだ。これからはその機能に中心的な役割を持たせたい。
Muxtapeは、バンドだけのためのサービスとして再出発する。
インターネットで活動するための、これまでにないシンプルで強力なプラットフォームとしての機能を提供する。
2008年のミュージシャンは、ウェブ開発者と手を組まない限り、オンラインで地位を確保する手段はほとんどない。
しかし、彼らのニーズは、実は共通の問題の中にあることが多い。
あたらし いMuxtapeは、バンドが自分の楽曲をアップロードして、それを埋め込みプレイヤーとして提供し、
もともと のMuxtapeの形式に加えてウェブのどこででも動かすことができるようになる。
魅力あるプロフィールを取り付ける機能、さらに、カレンダーや写真、コメント、ダウンロード、販売、あるいはニーズのある他の全ての追加機能のモジュールを提供する。
システムは0の段階から無限に拡張することができ、CSSデザイナーが使えるようなテンプレートシステムの層を設ける。
詳細は追って公開する。
ベータ版はいまところ非公開だけど、数週間以内に変更する予定。
これは機能の点でかなりの大きな転換だということは、意識している。
でも 、Muxtapeの核となる目標は、変わっていない。
僕はいまも、音楽をオンラインで経験する方法を変革したいと思っている。
僕はいまも、相互接続された音楽のもっとも興味深い側面、新しいものをみつける、という側面を実現したいと思っている。
第一フェイズ のMuxtapeをこれだけすごい場所にしてくれた皆さんに感謝します。
皆さんのミックスがなければ、ありえなかったことです。
音楽業界はいつかついてくるでしょう。ぜったいに、そうすることになるはずです。
Justin
Swiss Professor Building Affordable Carbon Neutral Apartments
October 24th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Professor Hansjürg Leibundgut , a professor at the Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich , Switzerland , has just been given permission to begin construction of a model apartment block that will make use of new CO2 - free technologies .
According to Leibundgut , the apartments contain heating , cooling , and solar energy systems that have never before been seen in private homes .
The entire apartment building will run on solar and wind energy .
It will also recover heat from waste water and specially made windows that let through lots of of light while still retaining heat .
During the summer , a circulating water system will cool the house by absorbing heat and passing it underground .
In the winter , the underground energy will heat the water circuit and a network of pipes in the walls .
An inner brick wall provides enough insulation to ensure that the apartment complex does n’t need a CO2 - emitting heat system .
Each apartment unit will cost an extra SFr40,000 ( $ 34,300 ) in addition to regular building costs — nothing to sniff at but certainly not an exorbitant amount .
Leibundgut expects to begin construction of the apartments in April 2009 with an estimated completion date of June 2010 .
Residents will pay an extra SFr300 for Leibundgut ’s CO2 - free technologies .
If you ’re interested in getting in on the action , Leibundgut is hand - picking the apartment building ’s other residents .
Photo credit : swissinfo.ch
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
" Hell no ! " said the man with the long beard from his half opened doorway .
Meghan Schertz 's Obama badge had unleashed a torrent of invective .
" No Obama , " he kept shouting , while Meghan struggled to finish a sentence .
" I do n't need to hear nothing from you Obama people . "
" Do you see the fucking Nader sign , " he bellowed , pointing to his yard sign which bared the name of the perennial independent candidate , Ralph Nader .
" There 's your answer . "
" So you 're an independent then , " asked Meghan , as though engaged in rational conversation .
" Get you 're ass off my property before I get my shot gun , " said the tourretic Nader supporter .
And so we left .
As we circled back along the street the man sat at a table in his driveway .
Cheekily , I waved my hand at him .
Menacingly , he waved his gun at me .
An afternoon out with an Obama canvasser is an education in the leg work , patience and resilience it takes for the Democratic presidential contender 's strategy work .
It took about an hour and half to visit a designated number of houses in just a few streets in the Washington Heights area of Roanoke - a racially mixed middle - class part of town .
In a bid to identify Obama 's base so they can make sure they maximise their turnout on polling day , she asks them who they are going to support , how strong their support is , whether they are sure to turn up on election day and if they would like some literature .
Or at least she tries to .
One man took one look at Meghan and , before she could open her mouth , said : " I do n't want to talk about it , " and then went back inside .
Another woman refused to open the door but shouted from her window .
" I'm for Obama , so go on now . "
After many weekends ' campaigning Schertz anticipates the response she 's going to get as she walks up the driveway from the kind of cars people drive and other signifiers - a mixture of prejudice and defence mechanism .
But it does n't always work .
The home with two pick - up trucks bearing Harley Davidson stickers are leaning Obama .
And who knew that a Nader sign would produce a gun-toting misanthrope .
But there are moments that have the smack of meaningful if minor achievement .
With a day to go before the registration deadline Schertz also carries registration forms just in case .
She gives some advice to a woman who is worried that her son's registration has his middle name wrong - the kind of discrepancy that could play havoc on election day .
In Virginia where if you do n't vote for more than four years you fall off the voter rolls , some are not sure if they are registered or not .
And then there 's the information that goes back to town office about where the base is , that will be punched into the computer providing the raw data on which the campaign 's logistical efforts hinge .
It all happens on such a small scale that you could n't do it unless you thought you were part of something bigger .
Schertz , whose run-in with the Nader voter ultimately only provided more raw material for her good humour , has never been involved in an election campaign before .
In the primaries she supported Hillary Clinton .
" There 's too much at stake to sit this one out , " she says .
A look at the big picture suggests that these small efforts are paying off for Obama .
Numbers released by the Virginia state board of elections for September show that the increase in the number of registered voters in Roanoke city , which is Democratic and one quarter black , is more than double that of Roanoke county , which is Republican and 5 % black over the past year .
Over the past month the city has seen more than three times the increase of registered voters as the county .
This reflects a trend that is both statewide and nationwide news with traditionally Democratic areas far exceeding Republican areas and , where you can register by party , Democrats massively outpacing Republicans .
With voter registration drawing to a close all over the country this marks the end of the beginning for Obama 's ground game .
His task was to not just to win over the electorate but to expand it and therefore change the calculus .
So far so good .
Now comes the hard work .
Keeping them energised and making sure that they show up .
The Obama campaign predict that 80 % of the new registered voters in Virginia are Democrats and that three quarters of them will show up on election day .
Which brings us to the final challenge .
Making sure that the votes are counted .
Customers who illegally share music will get warning letters
Six of the UK 's biggest net providers have agreed a plan with the music industry to tackle piracy online .
The deal , negotiated by the government , will see hundreds of thousands of letters sent to net users suspected of illegally sharing music .
Hard core file - sharers could see their broadband connections slowed , under measures proposed by the UK government .
BT , Virgin , Orange , Tiscali , BSkyB and Carphone Warehouse have all signed up .
Geoff Taylor , chief executive of the BPI , which represents the music industry , said : " All of the major ISPs in the UK now recognise they have a responsibility to deal with illegal file - sharers on their networks . "
Mr Taylor said it had taken years to persuade ISPs to adopt this view .
So far , the ISPs seem to be grabbing the carrot - while avoiding the stick
BBC Technology Correspondent Rory Cellan- Jones
Read more on Dot.
Life
The plan commits the firms to working towards a " significant reduction " in the illegal sharing of music .
It also commits the net firms to develop legal music services .
" Conversations are ongoing between record labels and ISPs , " said Mr Taylor .
Letters to pirates
The BPI has focused on educational efforts and limited legal action in recent years , in contrast to the US , which has embarked on tens of thousands of lawsuits against alleged file sharers .
The six internet service providers have signed a Memorandum of Understanding drawn up by the Department for Business , Enterprise & Regulatory Reform ( BERR ) .
HAVE YOUR SAY
Why should I yet again pay for , say , the Beatles ' White Album at full whack ?
I already bought it on LP , eight - track , cassette , and CD !
This is those customers getting their own back Mark , Hampshire The Motion Picture Association of America has also signed up .
The BPI said the memorandum covered consumers who were both uploading and downloading music .
Mr Taylor said : " The focus is on people sharing files illegally ; there is not an acceptable level of file - sharing .
Musicians need to be paid like everyone else . "
He added : " File - sharing ( of copyright tracks without permission ) is not anonymous , it is not secret , it is against the law . "
At the same time the government has started a consultation exercise that could result in laws that force net firms to tackle music piracy .
A working group will be set up under the auspices of regulator Ofcom to look at effective measures to tackle persistent file - sharers .
Mr Taylor said newspaper reports stating that online users could be subject to an annual levy to cover losses from file - sharing were incorrect .
" A levy is not an issue under discussion .
It has not been discussed between us and government and as far as we are aware it is not on the table . "
He said : " There should be effective mechanisms in place ( to deter file - sharing ) and as long as they are effective , we do n't mind what they are . "
The consultation document proposed that hard core file - sharers could have technical measures imposed , such as " traffic management or filtering and marking of legitimate content to facilitate identification " .
In the past few weeks net firms Virgin and BT have sent letters to some customers identified by the BPI , which represents the UK record industry , as persistent music pirates .
' Long process '
Before now the BPI has called for a " three - strikes " system which would see net connections of persistent pirates terminated if three warnings went ignored .
Many net firms have resisted the call from the BPI and have said it is not their job to act as policemen .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme Feargal Sharkey , chief executive of British Music Rights , said the plan was " a first step , and a very big step , in what we all acknowledge is going to be quite a long process " .
Mr Sharkey , formerly lead singer with The Undertones added : " Government , particularly in the UK , has now realised there is an issue , there is a problem there . "
One BBC News website user Mark , from Hampshire , said he downloaded and shared files illegally and argued customers were " getting their own back " .
In an e-mail , he said : " I used to run half a dozen record shops in the 80s and saw how far the fat cats of the record industry would go , in milking customers and retailers dry with more hyped rubbish . "
" Why should I yet again pay for , say , the Beatles ' White Album at full whack ?
I already bought it on LP , eight - track , cassette , and CD !
This is those customers getting their own back . "
" So will this make me sharing a CD with my next - door neighbour over the fence illegal ? " he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Barack Obama 's emergence as a presidential candidate in the US represents a profound change in the American psyche , distinguished historian Simon Schama argues in his new series for the BBC , The American Future .
" Whether or not he wins the presidency , this represents an historic shift in America 's self - perception , " Mr Schama says .
It would have been inconceivable in the 1960s that white Americans in the midst of a major economic collapse would have turned to a black man to lead them out of the crisis , Professor Schama says .
The new attitude to race is the result of a generational shift that began with the civil rights movement , and has now affected not only the " baby boomer generation " born in the 1950s but their children as well , he says .
Economic challenges
However , whether Mr Obama or any other politician is up to the challenge of dealing with the economic crisis is unclear , Professor Schama says .
The promise of limitless resources shaped American life
One of the big problems he sees is that Americans have been taught to believe that government is the problem , not the solution .
The key , as it was in the Great Depression , is restoring America 's faith in itself , he says .
He believes that Americans are still fundamentally optimistic , and that despite everything they believe that the US is a new and more attractive society than the Old World .
But one aspect of American ideology has to be revised , he says - the belief in limitless natural resources as underpinning America 's growth .
America was founded by pioneers who had an expectation of plenty , who believed that it was endowed with God - given natural resources and thought that through hard work it could provide enough resources for all .
Professor Schama argues that Sarah Palin , as the governor of Alaska , represents the enduring power of the frontier as a continuing factor in American politics .
He says that her belief that only full development of Alaska 's oil and gas reserves can save it from dependence on foreign powers has echoes of the 19th Century belief in Manifest Destiny which aimed to conquer nature and take control of the whole of North America .
But , he says , all the oil and gas in Alaska , if exploited , would only provide 18 months of the US energy needs at the moment .
Faith culture Professor Schama argues that one of the key elements that sustains American optimism is American religious faith .
Simon Schama believes the US attitude to war has been misunderstood
He says that it is the belief in religious freedom - and in the right of people to choose their own faith , not have it imposed on them from birth - that underlies the American belief in self - improvement and change .
And he says it is " remarkable " that in the US presidential election , it appears that the Democratic candidate Barack Obama is more shaped by his faith , than his Republican rival , John McCain .
It would usually be the other way round .
He says that although Americans have a belief in their country as a " city on a hill " - a shining example to others - they are not complacent about the economic and foreign policy issues facing the US .
There is a recognition , he believes , of the real challenges posed by the rise of China as an economic power , and he believes that there will be more conflict over investment in China than immigration from Mexico .
Americans are by no means as militaristic as the rest of the world seems to believe , he says , with the debate about how big the military should be going right back to the Founding Fathers , Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton .
But Professor Schama believes that one of America 's great strengths is its ability to re-invent itself at the time of crisis .
And at the moment America 's self - image is being remade .
The first episode of The American Future : A History will be broadcast on Friday 10 October on BBC Two at 9 pm BST .
There are three further episodes on subsequent Fridays , at the same time , covering war , faith , and immigration .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The fine was handed down at Edinburgh Sheriff Court A man who took a photograph of an ill woman outside an Edinburgh bar has been fined £ 100 after being branded " unchivalrous " by a sheriff .
The woman had been drinking with friends in an Omni Centre bar when she felt unwell and went outside for air .
Sebastian Przygodzki took a photograph with his camera , which upset Rebecca Smith and her friends called police .
He was arrested and charged with breach of the peace , and pleaded guilty to the offence at Edinburgh Sheriff Court .
Przygodzki , 28 , who moved to Scotland two years ago from Krakow , told police he had spent the day taking photographs of performers at the Edinburgh festival , which was in full swing at the time .
The lady concerned was entitled to her privacy and not to have a passing stranger take a photograph
Sheriff Kenneth Hogg
Edinburgh Sheriff Court
When he came across the woman , he considered it " taking a photo of another view of Edinburgh " , said his lawyer , Andy Houston .
But Sheriff Kenneth Hogg said the matter " could be best described as exceptionally unchivalrous " .
" The lady concerned was entitled to her privacy and not to have a passing stranger take a photograph , " said the sheriff .
" I 'm going to impose a fine to remind him chivalry is not dead and when somebody is in distress you leave them to it . "
Fiscal depute Mhairi Vernon , prosecuting , said Ms Smith had become unwell in the bar in the city 's Greenside Place about 2330 BST on Friday 8 August .
Mr Houston said Przygodzki , a first offender who lives with his girlfriend and works as a postman in Edinburgh , had enrolled in an arts and social sciences degree and was sorry for the " error of judgement " .
" It was ill - judged , it was a spontaneous act and entirely inappropriate , " said the solicitor .
" He accepts it was conduct liable to cause upset and did in fact cause upset .
" It 's been a matter of severe regret for him .
He 's extremely anxious and very contrite about the affair . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Opinion
Today 's bailout is tomorrow 's burden
However self - absorbed the " Me Generation " may be , we can't possibly spend our money as fast as the Baby Boomers are spending it for us .
Last week , Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson and the Democratic Congress proposed an unprecedented $ 700 billion bailout for firms on Wall Street .
What began with an $ 85 billion " bridge loan " to insurance giant American International Group and a bailout of $ 200 billion or more for mortgage backers Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac has now culminated in a $ 700 billion high - finance rescue plan , threatening to bring us to a grand total of nearly $ 1 trillion in new federal spending in a single week .
When you factor in all the interest that we 'll pay , it could be $ 2.5 trillion .
Barack Obama seems to have no problem with this , and neither does John McCain , but if you are under 40 , you should .
The Government Printing Office estimates that the federal government spent more than 9 percent of its 2007 budget paying interest on debts .
When you keep throwing around dollars you do n't have , a trillion here and a trillion there , pretty soon you 're talking about real money .
And with a trillion - dollar war in Iraq and a trillion - dollar Medicare drug entitlement already in the mix , we 're not exactly flush .
That 's not to say the economy is n't in trouble .
An army of intelligent economists claims the money markets are frozen because banks can't be sure the banks they 're lending to are n't up to their necks in bad debts and wo n't end up defaulting .
So , the logic goes , the federal government must become a buyer of last resort and scoop up these bad debts to inject some trust back into the system .
But how does the government know better than anyone else what the debts are actually worth ?
The doubt plaguing the market results from Wall Street firms making poor judgments , for which Paulson 's plan now stands to reward them in spades .
Could n't the government resolve the liquidity crisis by lending to banks , rather than buying bad assets ?
Some say we 'll profit by the bailout - and if it actually comes to pass , we should all hope so - but even they base their predictions on calculations we can't check .
" I estimate the average price of distressed mortgages that pass from ' troubled financial institutions ' to the Treasury at auction will be 65 cents on the dollar , representing a loss of one - third of the original purchase price to the seller , and a prospective yield of 10 to 15 percent to the Treasury , " opines Stephen Gross of PIMCO , the largest bond mutual fund in the United States , in the Washington Post .
It 's not unthinkable , but when no one can tell what these mortgages and other securities are worth , Gross sounds more certain than he should .
The kicker : " My estimate of double - digit returns , " writes Gross , " assumes lengthy ownership of the assets . "
In other words , what the government takes , it should n't plan to give back anytime soon .
The government may already become a 79.9 percent stakeholder in AIG as part of that bailout .
If Paul Krugman and congressional Democrats get their way , the government will also become a controlling stakeholder in the banks it bails out .
Has anyone begun to think through the consequences ?
How is a government that owns a piece of a company supposed to enforce the law against it or treat its competitors equally ?
The malfeasance witnessed under Franklin Raines at Fannie Mae hardly suggests optimism .
" If the government directly controls major financial institutions , that would give the new administration extraordinary leverage over the national economy , " former Atlantic Monthly blogger Matthew Yglesias delights .
" Suppose the new CEO of AIG decided he did n't want to insure assets of companies whose executives make unseemly multiples of the national median income ?
" There are all kinds of crazy things you could do .
And of course not all of them would be good ideas .
But some of them would !
... I think it creates a real opportunity for ' socially conscious insurance underwriting ' or whatever you care to call it . "
There 's simply no limit to what you can afford given time and an unlimited supply of other people 's money - that is , ours .
Thanks to the government , it does n't matter if we 've never bought a house ; we 'll pay for it .
It does n't matter if we 've never bought stock ; we 'll bear its costs without its benefits .
It does n't matter if we 've never heard of AIG or if the idea of financing a bridge loan sounds curiously like being knocked to the ground and robbed blind .
" This is not a position where I like to see the taxpayer , " Paulson comforted us last Sunday on " Meet the Press . "
" But it is far better than the alternative . "
How can he , or anyone else , be sure of that ?
The sad truth is that when you consider what 's actually at stake for people our age this November , there 's little hope , little change and little straight talk .
Just a choice of which suit gets to keep reaching into our pockets and telling us it 's for our own good .
Nearly two - thirds of women spent more time with their computer than they did shopping or outdoors , eight in 10 spent more time with it than exercising , and four in 10 were with it more than with their family .
A beautiful white maltese with beard and tear stains
If you ’ve ever seen a dog with red or brown marks in the areas around and just under the eyes , you ’ve seen a dog that is suffering from tear staining .
The staining can matte around the dog ’s eyes and leave a gooey , thick mess that is hard to clean .
Most people assume that the stains are caused by excessive moisture from the dog ’s eyes and that they ’re just a fact of life .
In fact though , tear stains have many different causes , and figuring out the root of the problem could end up saving you some work and also improve your dog ’s life .
1. ) Ear Infections
Tear staining can be linked back to ear infections , so it ’s important to keep your dog ’s ears as clean and dry as possible .
If you notice that your dog is getting a lot of ear infections which also coincide with excessive tearing , the two are probably related .
Use a good cleansing product to make sure the ears are clean and your dog ’s tear stains might be reduced as a result .
2. ) Allergies
Dogs can experience reactions to thing just like humans , and tear staining can often be a reaction to allergens or irritants .
In fact , some dogs will suffer reactions to their food which will change the pH level in your dog ’s system which in turn can cause excessive tearing .
If you notice that your dog ’s tear stains get worse in certain situations than it might be an environmental factor that is adding to the problem .
3. ) Blocked Tear Ducts
Some dogs are born with tear ducts that are closed which need to be surgically opened by a vet , but this is n’t the only way a duct can be blocked .
At times , a dog can develop clogged tear ducts which can add to excessive tearing , and unfortunately , a trip to the vet will be needed to irrigate the ducts .
Luckily , this is n’t a very common problem , but if you suspect clogged tear ducts , it should be taken care of , lest your dog suffer unnecessarily .
4. ) Red Yeast
One of the biggest causes of tear staining is from a dog having an excessive amount of tears .
This high level of moisture can keep the hair around the face wet , which then becomes an area where bacteria can breed .
One of the most common forms of this bacteria is called Red Yeast , which causes a yeast infection around the eyes and leads to the brownish - red stains that you sometimes see on dogs .
5. ) Water
Some waters contain a high mineral content , which can cause staining on a dog ’s entire face and beard .
A lot of moisture can remain on the face trapped in the hairs after a dog drinks , which can be moved to eye level by the dog trying to lick his face clean .
And , if the mineral content is high , it will increase the level of red - brown staining on a dog ’s face .
If you notice both tear stains and a discolored beard , try switching your dog ’s water to combat the problem .
Red or brown tear stains are not attractive to look at , and they can be a symptom of a larger problem .
If your dog has excessive staining around they eyes and on its face , it might be worth looking into what the cause of the staining is .
There is not a full proof solution out there .
You can try Angel Eye ’s Soft Chews .
There are also wipes , supplements and facial cleansers for this problem .
VIEW THE MAP Maritime jurisdiction and boundaries in the Arctic region [ 1.01 MB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here British scientists say they have drawn up the first detailed map to show areas in the Arctic that could become embroiled in future border disputes .
A team from Durham University compiled the outline of potential hotspots by basing the design on historical and ongoing arguments over ownership .
Russian scientists caused outrage last year when they planted their national flag on the seabed at the North Pole .
The UK researchers hope the map will inform politicians and policy makers .
" Its primary purpose is to inform discussions and debates because , frankly , there has been a lot of rubbish about who can claim ( sovereignty ) over what , " explained Martin Pratt , director of the university 's International Boundaries Research Unit ( IBRU ) .
" To be honest , most of the other maps that I have seen in the media have been very simple , " he added .
" We have attempted to show all known claims ; agreed boundaries and one thing that has not appeared on any other maps , which is the number of areas that could be claimed by Canada , Denmark and the US . "
Energy security is driving interest , as is the fact that Arctic ice is melting more and more during the summer
Martin Pratt ,
Durham University
The team used specialist software to construct the nations ' boundaries , and identify what areas could be the source of future disputes .
" All coastal states have rights over the resources up to 200 nautical miles from their coastline , " Mr Pratt said .
" So , we used specialist geographical software to ' buffer ' the claims out accurately . "
The researchers also took into account the fact that some nations were able to extend their claims to 350 nautical miles as a result of their landmasses extending into the sea .
Back on the agenda
The issue of defining national boundaries in the Arctic was brought into sharp relief last summer when a team of Russian explorers used their submarine to plant their country 's flag on the seabed at the North Pole .
A number of politicians from the nations with borders within the Arctic , including Canada 's foreign minister , saw it as Moscow furthering its claim to territory within the region .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Mr Pratt said a number of factors were driving territorial claims back on to the political agenda .
" Energy security is driving interest , as is the fact that Arctic ice is melting more and more during the summer , " he told BBC News .
" This is allowing greater exploration of the Arctic seabed . "
Data released by the US Geological Survey last month showed that the frozen region contained an estimated 90 billion barrels of untapped oil .
Mr Pratt added that the nations surrounding the Arctic also only had a limited amount of time to outline their claims .
" If they do n't define it within the timeframe set out by the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea , then it becomes part of what is known as ' The Area ' , which is administered by the International Seabed Authority on behalf of humanity as a whole . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Fast Code Plugin is a free eclipse plugin designed to help write code faster in Java and Php applications .
In Java , it has some special features for applications that uses the well known Spring Framework .
Templates :
The FastCode templates can be used to generate code snippets based on fields from arbitrary pojo class or class from any package or files in folder .
For example : one can create instance of a class with multiple fields using the setter methods , print fields of a class using the getter methods , create resource bundle for the fields of a class , create instance of a java bean and populate the bean , etc .
Database Templates :
The templates are also available with database tables .
It extends eclipse code templates mechanism by being able to generate database code snippets with multiple columns .
This kind of snippets are needed in various scenerios .
For example : create sql statements , with Named paramenter , Named query or just a simple query , create a row mapper class , etc .
This plugin provides a very intuitive interface by allowing the user select a table and then select the columns from that table .
“ The law in my opinion is being abused now , ” said Mr. Stuthman , who said he would push for a revision .
“ There are family services out there , but some people may lack the resources to take advantage of them , and we ’ve got to take a hard look at what more we can provide . ”
Todd A. Landry , the state director of children and family services , denied that the involved families had not had access to aid  most of the children , for example , were in the state Medicaid program and some had received psychiatric care  and he noted that well - publicized hot lines could direct families to help .
“ Some parents had accessed our services but were n’t getting the results they wanted , ” Mr. Landry said .
“ The appropriate response is to reach out to family , friends and community resources , ” he said .
“ What is not appropriate is just to say I ’m tired of dealing with this and drop the child off at a hospital . ”
Mr. Landry said parents and guardians were mistaken if they thought they could walk away from their responsibilities .
For now , such children will be placed in foster care or with relatives , but the courts could require parents to attend counseling and might even order them to pay child support .
He said economic distress was a major issue in only one case , that of Gary Staton , 34 , the father of 10 whose wife had died .
Mr. Staton , who gave up all but his oldest child , an 18 - year - old girl , remains something of a mystery .
His wife died in February 2007 after giving birth to the 10th child .
Both parents had sporadic employment .
Rockstar Games gets lots of hate .
And that 's a shame , because Rockstar makes good games , which make lots of money .
So we guess that balances it , so whatever .
Here 's company co-founder / president Sam Houser on that :
Most of the people who hate us are people it is truly an honor to be hated by — reactionary creeps with strange agendas — and the Daily Mail .
Most people who know about modern pop culture know about GTA and like or dislike it on its own merits ...
I think we [ Sam and his brother and co-founder Dan ] are both depressed at how boring we really are and how unexciting even the worse fabrications and exaggerations are when you read about them .
None of it seems very rock and roll , so we find it a little sad , when there are probably better stories that could be written about both us and the industry / medium .
No sharks , groupies or pounds of coke or anything fun at all .
We read like angry dorks , which might be true , but is certainly not very exciting .
Advertisement
So all you haters , just think of Rockstar as angry dorks .
That , and take deep breaths .
Grand Theft Auteur - Part 1 [ Develop Mag via CVG ]
Moore : McCain stands for socialism for the rich David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday October 24 , 2008
Print This Email This
In an appearance Thursday on CNN's Larry King Live , filmmaker Michael Moore commented on a wide variety of topics having to do with the presidential election , including Sarah Palin 's wardrobe , but he was most eloquent when decrying the role of racism and ignorance in the campaign .
Moore began by rebutting Republican accusations that Obama is a " socialist , " saying , " McCain , his campaign , they stand for socialism for the rich .
Obama and the Democrats stand for giving these guys [ working behind me ] and other people like them a break . "
Moore continued this theme when asked about McCain campaign 's purchase of $ 150,000 in clothing for Governor Palin .
" Let 's cut the crap .
All this Joe six - pack stuff .
Governor Palin and her husband , the last tax return they turned in , made almost a quarter of a million dollars together .
...
So I would assume that she likes to shop at Saks and Neiman Marcus and these places .
If you make a quarter million dollars , you can do that .
...
This is the genius of the Republicans , because they always love for someone else to pay the bill . "
However , it took a question about General Colin Powell 's endorsement of Barack Obama to break Moore out of his usual populist jabs and into something more heartfelt .
" I 'm not a fan of his , that 's for certain , " Moore said of Powell .
" He has a lot of repenting to do for leading this country into war .
But I 'm a strong believer in redemption , and the words that he spoke were so powerful ... what he said about ' what 's wrong with being a Muslim in this country , so what if Obama was ? '
That 's like the key thing . "
Moore was less impressed by McCain 's reaction to a woman at one of his events who called Obama an Arab .
" I know his conscience was trying to handle it well , " suggested Moore , " because I think at John McCain 's core , you know , he 's not a racist , he does n't believe this sort of thing , and he just chose the dark road to go down .
But to say that ' no ma'am , he 's not an Arab , he 's decent . '
That was what Powell was saying -- it 's like wait a minute , you 've said the wrong thing again . "
" When I saw that , " continued Moore , " I thought to myself , ' You know what , Obama 's main opponent in this election on November 4th is not John McCain , it 's ignorance . '
It 's Obama versus ignorance -- and will ignorance and hatred and racism win ?
Or will whoever should be the next president , who the majority of the people want to be the president , is that what 's going to happen ? "
" If a certain number of millions of people are going to vote out of ignorance , " Moore added , " I hope that they would educate themselves some time in the next eleven days . "
After Moore had finished , Larry King invited several Republicans to comment on the interview .
Talk radio host Joe Pagliarulo began by defending Sarah Palin on the grounds that " a quarter of a million dollars for a family of seven is hardly rich . "
However , the rebuttals focused on Moore 's assertion that divided government would not be a good thing in the current economic crisis because " we are going to need an FDR - style era , where we have a president and a Congress that will work together ... to pull the country out of the mess that it 's in . "
Talk show host Michael Medved suggested that the Democrats in Congress should be held responsible for the current problems , saying , " If you talk about the downturn of the last two years , the Democrats happened to be in charge . "
And former Virginia GOP chair Kate Obenshain did her best to link Obama to the unpopular leadership in Congress .
" If there 's a chance there 's going to be a Reid - Pelosi - Obama administration -- the triumvirate , " she stated , " then I think some folks are starting to sit back and getting a little nervous about the prospect of that . "
" I know that Michael Moore was laughing gleefully at that prospect , " Obershain concluded , " but that should make Americans a little nervous , that it excites Michael Moore to such an extent that he can't contain himself . "
CNN has the complete transcript here .
This video is from CNN's Larry King Live , broadcast October 23 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
The iKuddle review below might help you if you ’re currently looking for a self - cleaning litter [… ]
[ Via [ Via Ostatic ; thanks Eric L ]
Well it took three years , but Rockbox 3.0 has finally made it on the scene , with a major overhaul in the sound decoding department and support for several new players .
This open source firmware replacement is chock full of tasty new features , including codec support for over 15 formats like FLAC and Ogg , 5 - band parametric EQ , MPEG video , multilingual interface , Doom and a pile of other games , not to mention freedom from iTunes .
Oh yeah , and it can talk to you via a spoken interface -- which comes in handy for not driving off bridges and what not .
iPod Gigabeat and Archos models are all supported , though Archos did n't get many of the major 3.0 improvements like expanded codecs .
2
To make the fabric , lay down strips of the tape sticky side up .
Overlap the pieces lengthwise by about a 1/4 inch ( .6 cm ) .
Cover the sheet with another layer of tape sticky side down to make a full sheet that is smooth on both sides .
Smooth the tape firmly as you work to avoid air pockets or wrinkles .
This will form the upper section of the hat .
It should measure the same length as the strip you wrapped around your head ( or your recorded measurement ) .
The width will determine the height of your top hat , and is variable depending on your preference , such as 10 inches ( 25 cm ) .
Glance around your living room or office : Almost everything within your line of vision is probably an international traveler .
Your iPod .
The table lamp your Aunt Betty gave you for your birthday .
Your infant son ’s diapers .
The rug beneath your feet .
In all likelihood , each of these crossed at least one ocean within the dark confines of a container measuring 8 by 8.5 by 20 feet , stacked with as many as 10,999 others aboard one of the 4,500 container ships in use around the world .
These quarter - mile - long vessels are amazingly efficient .
A single one can move as much merchandise as a 44 - mile - long freight train .
“ We would n’t have global trade as we know it without container ships , ” says Anne Kappel , vice president of the World Shipping Council .
The cargo - ship concept was hatched by a North Carolina trucking entrepreneur named Malcolm McLean , who outfitted a tanker with universal containers that could be moved directly from ship to truck without uncrating .
His ship , Ideal X , completed its maiden voyage after the transformation on April 26 , 1956 , carrying 58 containers .
The industry has grown explosively ever since .
Last year , about 141 million containers were loaded onto ships .
For all that success , container ships find themselves on the verge of transformation once again .
One reason is the high cost of oil ; a large container ship now burns more than $ 3 million worth of fuel in a 28 - day , round - trip transpacific voyage .
Pollution is a concern too : Shipping is responsible for 3 percent of global carbon dioxide emissions , similar to the airline industry , along with substantial particulates and sulfur dioxide .
At the current rate of growth , CO2 emissions from shipping will double by 2050 .
And ships spread more than fumes .
The recent infestation of nonnative zebra mussels throughout North American waters was probably started by ships carrying the shellfish in ballast water .
Ballast water has also transported cholera and may have contributed to a 1991 outbreak in South America .
“ The ocean freight industry is facing some issues , ” Kappel says .
“ We are going to need new technologies to solve them . ”
Herewith , three innovative ideas that could make ships cleaner , more efficient , and less disruptive to the environment .
SkySails Long before Malcolm McLean ’s first cargo ship took to the open waters , merchant traders were unfurling their sails and letting the wind sweep them across the oceans .
With the recent dramatic uptick in petroleum prices , that quaint , low - tech approach to ocean travel is getting a supersize makeover by a German company called SkySails .
In theory and function , the SkySail is not so different from its canvas ancestors .
It is still a sail , just a really , really , really big one — large enough to help haul a cargo vessel across the water .
The prototype SkySail , which completed its first transatlantic voyage last winter , measures 1,700 square feet and can be raised as high as 1,000 feet over the ocean surface to catch the consistently strong winds that swirl above the waves .
The advantage of such a high flying be­hemoth can be summed up in two words : fuel savings .
“ In favorable wind conditions , we ’ve seen a 50 percent reduction in consumption , ” says SkySails ’ founder , Stephan Wrage , who dreamed up the concept as a teen .
Because the sail can easily be added onto existing ships , Wrage believes that shipping companies will embrace the technology as fuel prices continue to rise .
Currently , the SkySail is practical only on relatively slow ships that travel from 10 to 18 knots , such as tankers , fishing trawlers , and general cargo vessels .
Modern container ships travel much faster , about 25 knots , but Wrage has a vision : “ We are planning to double the kite area , which will allow even larger , fast ships to utilize the technology . ”
Sail on .
Ecological Ballast
It takes a lot of weight to keep ships stable .
Some take on millions of gallons of sea­water in cavernous ballast tanks belowdecks .
With that water come plants , animals , bacteria , and viruses that move around the globe aboard the ships , to be deposited wherever the vessels dump ballast to accommodate changing loads .
Engineer Michael Parsons , recently retired from the University of Michigan ’s department of naval architecture and marine engineering , has developed a better system , one that eliminates the danger of foreign water release by allowing local seawater to flow through two sets of open channels integrated into the boat ’s infrastructure below the water level , running from stem to stern .
Natural differences in water pressure continually flush the channels while investing the ballast with optimum stability for any given load .
The best part :
Because the water flows constantly , it is never expelled very far from where it was taken in .
So far Parsons has demonstrated the technology only on a 16 - foot model ship ; no company has yet signed on to his radical new approach .
“ It ’s a big commitment , ” Parsons admits .
“ Someone ’s going to need to build a whole ship around the design . ”
That might happen soon .
Parsons ’s system could save as much as $ 2 per ton of cargo — a saving that would quickly add up .
Hybrid TugTugboats may look like something out of another era , but they play an essential role in ocean shipping as they push , pull , and prod large vessels into ( and back out of ) the tight quarters of a port .
Given this kind of demanding on - off work , the tug makes a perfect proving ground for an electric - diesel hybrid propulsion system — a heavy - duty relative of the hybrid car — that could eventually spread to every corner of the shipping industry .
“ Compared with open - water vessels that spend most of their time at open throttle , tugboats spend up to 80 percent of their time idling , ” says John Manison , head of the General Electric Marine and Stationary Power Division .
“ That load profile is perfectly compatible with a hybrid system . ”
The hybrid GE is developing with the marine engineering firm C - MAR works something like the upcoming Chevy Volt car , which uses an electric motor as its primary drive and carries a small combustion engine to charge batteries that run low .
Manison believes hybrid technology is ideal for other kinds of ships , too , including offshore supply vessels and those transporting goods by way of coastal and inland waterways .
For now , GE is mum on the system ’s most critical components , the battery and the control system .
Manison will say only that the company is closing in on a battery that will be able to meet three key criteria : managing the power to match the tug load , performing in adverse weather , and managing the excess heat that builds up during hard use .
GE expects to have hybrid tugs on the water by the end of 2009 , but widespread success may depend less on how well the technology works and more on whether it can be applied to existing ships .
There really is n’t a great deal to say about yesterday ’s game .
I ’m thankful I was watching it in a pub with other Arsebloggers yesterday because it was a snoozefest and a half .
A real end of season game and even though Everton had something to play for the lack of ambition they showed meant they deserved exactly what they got .
Which was nothing .
The goal came when substitute Armand Traore whipped in a good cross and Nicklas Bendtner , who had started the move , arrived with perfect timing to power home a header .
That ’s 9 goals in total for the young Dane and while his game still needs work and he can improve a lot of his play , that ’s an impressive return for somebody who played very much a cameo role this season .
When you look at how Aliadiere fared in similar circumstances it ’s easy to see the difference .
The Dane has more goals in one season than the Frenchman in his entire Arsenal career .
There ’s not much else to talk about really .
Alex
Song did well at centre - half again and there was a nice touch from Arsene Wenger who brought on Jens Lehmann to give him a chance to say a real goodbye to the fans .
And that ’s the most memorable thing about yesterday , the fact that we ’re losing two of our players .
Jens has found it hard this season after being dropped .
Some of his comments were rather impolitic and I was critical of him for that but I ’m going to miss the mad old cunt .
What he achieved with the club should n’t be forgotten .
He had the unenviable task of replacing a true legend in David Seaman and he was ever present in the team that went unbeaten for an entire league season .
I remember at the Champions League final in Paris seeing him after the game walking to one of the family / sponsor areas and I do n’t think I ’ve ever seen anyone look as gutted in my entire life .
After the heroics of the semi-final against Villarreal it was heartbreaking .
He ’ll go and play for Germany in Euro2008 and then make a decision on his future – so for now it ’s thanks Jens and good luck , you toe - stamping , Drogba pushing , ref baiting , Gallas shouting , top save making loon .
Extra : Sky Sports interview with Jens .
Mathieu Flamini appears to have flown to Italy to sign a 4 year deal with AC Milan ( who kept their Champions League hopes alive with a 2 - 1 win over Inter and saw nearest rivals for 4th place Fiorentina lose – boooo ! ) .
Whatever way you want to look at it , AC Milan is a massive club with huge pedigree .
The chance to join a club like that does n’t come along for too many players and when you factor in the kind of money he was being offered it ’s understandable that he ’s gone .
Disappointing too but we have to be realistic about it .
Go back 12 months and how many people would have been up in arms if Flamini had gone to Birmingham ( like the rumours suggested ) and how many would have sanctioned a wage deal of Â £ 55,000 a week for him ?
I suppose in the modern game all you can really ask of your players is that they give you 100 % every time they go on the pitch and that they respect their contracts .
Flamini did that on both counts .
He was a trojan worker and all he did was take play the game by its rules when it came to his new contract .
It ’s a shame he ’s leaving , I think we had the perfect combination with him and Cesc in midfield ( something the manager needs to replicate for next season ) , but there you go .
Good luck to him but life goes on and the Arsenal will , like the Dude , abide .
By his own admission the manager needs to sit down with Gilberto regarding his future and with Hleb potentially about to do a Webster it could be a busy few weeks ahead .
More of the manager ’s thoughts about yesterday , Flamini , Jens and Bendtner , here .
It ’s a bank holiday here so it ’s a short one today .
The sun is shining , there ’s a game of five - a- side later on and I ’m going to spend the day chilling out .
More tomorrow .
Many politicians say they typically learn of her initiatives  and vetoes  from news releases .
Mayors across the state , from the larger cities to tiny municipalities along the southeastern fiords , are even more frustrated .
Often , their letters go unanswered and their pleas ignored , records and interviews show .
Last summer , Mayor Mark Begich of Anchorage , a Democrat , pressed Ms. Palin to meet with him because the state had failed to deliver money needed to operate city traffic lights .
At one point , records show , state officials told him to just turn off a dozen of them .
Ms. Palin agreed to meet with Mr. Begich when he threatened to go public with his anger , according to city officials .
At an Alaska Municipal League gathering in Juneau in January , mayors across the political spectrum swapped stories of the governor ’s remoteness .
How many of you , someone asked , have tried to meet with her ?
Every hand went up , recalled Mayor Fred Shields of Haines Borough .
And how many met with her ?
Just a few hands rose .
Ms. Palin soon walked in , delivered a few remarks and left for an anti-abortion rally .
The administration ’s e-mail correspondence reveals a siege - like atmosphere .
Top aides keep score , demean enemies and gloat over successes .
Even some who helped engineer her rise have felt her wrath .
Dan Fagan , a prominent conservative radio host and longtime friend of Ms. Palin , urged his listeners to vote for her in 2006 .
But when he took her to task for raising taxes on oil companies , he said , he found himself branded a “ hater . ”
It is part of a pattern , Mr. Fagan said , in which Ms. Palin characterizes critics as “ bad people who are anti-Alaska . ”
As Ms. Palin ’s star ascends , the McCain campaign , as often happens in national races , is controlling the words of those who know her well .
Her mother - in - law , Faye Palin , has been asked not to speak to reporters , and aides sit in on interviews with old friends .
3 . Paulson likely sought the bailout so his golden parachute would n’t disappear .
They tap - danced another guy into having control over this bailout ... another X Goldman - Sachs CEO ( Imagine that ) .
This hack also enjoys the total freedom to NOT be scrutinized on how and where this money goes , even to no court involvement ... a FREE check for 2 trillion dollars ... and who knows where this money will REALLY end up with ALL checks and balances removed .
Is this trustworthy ???
2 . The congress and present administration have become the enemy to the Constitution and Rule of Law , and have committed treason across the board , by voting for this bailout of corporations which are being investigated by the FBI for FRAUD and theft of American ’s money .
How stupid , insane and idiotic is THAT ?
American ’s should be outraged by this .
1 . Those who are up for re-election likely do n’t care about being re-elected .
They have their lifetime pensions already in place , not to mention possible future under - the - table payments for their vote on this fascist package .
Those that do care about re-election were cowards and scared into acting illegally by the school yard bullies in government and industry .
Little do either of these groups realize that their pensions are as vulnerable as every other paper , non-existent source of money .
There is so much wrong with this picture that it is likely the death toll for America as we have known it .
This path our leaders are on is of such a HIGH national security threat level that it threatens the very survival of America as a sovereign and free nation .
Consider these points :
Where is the Department of " Justice ? " ( Just us ) Where is the military ?
Treason by government leaders is a serious crime .
Congress itself has clearly created another major threat to national security .
Obama and McCain both voted for this bailout .
Congressional puppets who received massive campaign contributions are protecting their financial fixes .
In voting for this bailout , both Obama and McCain have committed treason against the American people and is just another reason they are not fit to be president ... following in the footsteps of the present treasonous president .
6 . The government has continually ignored the American people ’s request for " Redress of Grievance " ( Amendment 1 , Bill of Rights - http://www.wethepeoplefoundation.org/), and corrupt judges have violated the law in interfering with the two lawsuits filed by Bob Schulz of " We the People " ( http://www.givemeliberty.org) to Constitutionally stop the illegal bailout .
The judges colluded with government and violated their oath of office ... ( http://www.wethepeoplefoundation.org/Update/Update2008-09-26.htm and http://www.wethepeoplefoundation.org/Update/Update2008-09-30.htm).
It is possible that people in uniform are being manipulated into being the enemy of the American people ’s freedoms and rights .
Since no uniformed authority has stood up to renounce these crimes , and do nothing to support our Constitution and the Rule of Law , they are accomplices because they have the power and authority from us to act on our behalf .
If they do NOT act , they have declared themselves enemy combatants ... domestic terrorists ... along with all those voting and supporting this bailout and other illegal / un- constitutional activities .
8 . The Federal Reserve , along with the IRS , with support of Congress and corrupt judges ... all collude to steal wealth from Americans through illegal and unconstitutional means , like this bailout , the so - called " income " tax , fraudulent loans , etc .
None of this is an accident because nothing in government happens by accident .
9 . It is mathematically impossible to repay the national debt .
The debt actually belongs to the Federal Reserve , the International Monetary fund and the World Bank , not to mention nation ’s which bought fraudulent assets through illegal and unconstitutional channels .
They are witting or unwitting accomplices in the greed , and in supporting the fraud to the point that the financial crisis we have now was allowed to develop with the clear support of Congress and our so - called leaders .
The " national debt " is simply selling America to every source that is willing to buy our national assets , and enslave all Americans .
10 .
The government is using all this to attempt Martial Law , take more complete control , and to stem the growing anger and resentment of government by Americans , and to try to stop any actions such as is suggested in this article .
Closing the banks , controlling your every move ... will be the government declaring war on the American people through more feigned " false flag " events , ( which we can certainly expect since they have their momentum now , and will justify Martial Law in every way they can ... even to another 911 type staged event ) or other fearmongering .
If they do this , then American ’s have the choice to either stand for the law and the Constitution ( which , by the way , is NOT suspended in Martial Law ...
http://thematrixhasyou.org/martial-law.html, or war with the People they shall have .
11 . Congress was NOT allowed to see Bush ’s Martial Law plan ...
http://www.prisonplanet.com/articles/july2007/230707martiallaw.htm.
They are hiding all they are doing now to implement this , such as Halliburton building more detention / concentration camps across America for a supposed " influx of illegal aliens and other things . "
Go to http://www.mail-archive.com/abc_politics_forum@googlegroups.com/msg24397.html and also google " concentration camps " and " The Rex 84 Program . "
12 . The government is counting on most American ’s being completely unprepared , and completely at their mercy ... no food , no protection , no real assets , blindly trusting ... fearfully and sheepishly following their masters to the slaughter .
This WILL occur if all American ’s do n’t rally together and stop this madness .
13 .
The planning for all this ... the North American Union , the new fake money , the " Amero , " the open borders , the violation of law and Constitution by the administration , Congress and the courts , the counterfeiting of more and more worthless money ( debt ) sold to our enemies abroad , the stripping of our industrial base , our jobs , our small farms , the dumming down of our schools and kids , the revisionists working to eradicate true history from public consciousness , the removal of God from America , the creation of super bugs and other disease agents to use to eliminate large population groups and create more fear , the creation of food contamination scares ... all have contributed to the demise of America and our way of life and the creation of their " One World Government " and " New World Order " where the elite rule and the rest of humanity are slaves .
American has been under severe attack for decades in preparation for this and much more , but American ’s have been sitting back allowing this theft , this preparation , in blind trust of leaders ... even supporting them .
America has become grossly ignorant , foolishly apathetic and is being manipulated on a daily basis .
What can " We the People , " who are the true rulers of this nation , do ?
1. Just say NO !
Refuse to pay any part of this 2 trillion dollar bailout by rightfully withholding your taxes completely until the government gives an answer to us on this and many other things .
Did YOU agree to pay this bailout and be the security and collateral for this and all the other government debt ?
Did YOU sign a contract to do this ?
This is fraud .
Simply stop paying this government one red cent until it answers the People :
Day in and day out I hear the same complaints from the same people .
I hear how tired they are , how stressed they are , etc .
A week will go by and those same exact complaints will be repeated , by those same people .
Complaining is natural and we all do it .
The key is to correct the situation versus standing idle and accepting it .
One of the more common complaints generally comes right after lunch .
Yes , we ’re talking about the afternoon slump that occurs because something has sucked out every bit of energy you had .
This lunch coma can be a huge show - stopper for some .
However , the good news is , you do n’t have to feel like that every day .
There are countless ways to raise your energy levels quite naturally and intentionally .
Sleep enough
Duh !
You might not think of the obvious cause , but if you consistently feel tired in the afternoon and lack energy , it could be due to lack of sleep .
Often a small adjustment of your sleeping habits can already do wonders for your energy levels .
Experiment and find out what your optimal sleep levels are .
Get juiced up
Instead of eating a massive , greasy breakfast , try something quick and healthy .
How about some fruit and vegetable juice instead ?
Not only will you get heaps of vitamins , minerals and fiber , but fresh juice will put vitality back into your life for sure .
A heavy breakfast takes far too long to digest , while a juice is light and preserves your energy .
Curb your caffeine addiction
If you are a serious coffee addict you might not be happy about this suggestion .
I was n’t either 20 years ago .
Back then I used to survive on about 7 cups of coffee a day and eventually my addiction became so bad that I started to experience nervous heart flutters in the afternoon .
As a result , I did the radical and cut coffee from my diet for a while .
I have to say it did work wonders for my energy levels and my nervous system .
Today , I ’m a coffee lover instead , meaning I have to have one good brewed coffee a day to get my fix .
Walk this way
A quick 10 - minute walk can do wonders for a sluggish metabolism .
The combination of fresh air and exercise is ideal to get your heart pumping while the blood rushes to your brain , energizing those wary brain cells .
Say no to sugar and carbohydrates
These are the devils of modern fast food .
Even worse , they get us addicted to all the crappy low fat produce on the supermarket shelves .
Natural sugar as it is contained in fruit is so much better for you , but even so , everything should be in balance .
Biscuits , cakes , most cereal , lollies and other high carb snacks should be banned from your household .
Not only will you feel better by cutting out those fake foods , but your waste line will also thank you for it .
Yoga or stretching
I love to stretch .
That is probably one reason why I love yoga so much .
When we stretch and release our muscles , we allow the blood to flow unhindered through the body , allowing us to energize within minutes .
A great way to refresh your energy levels in the afternoon is to do a 10 - minute stretching session .
Stretch your legs , toes , torso , arms , hands , shoulders and neck with gentle movements .
Deep breathing exercise
Another great way to re-energize your body is with a quick deep breathing exercise .
Sit on a chair with a straight back and breathe deeply while you focus on your breath going in – going out .
At the same time use a powerful affirmation to invigorate your mind and body .
I like this one because you can do this at work without being caught by your fellow workers .
Essential water
Since humans are made up of around 70 percent water , we need water to keep our life sustained .
If you feel sluggish , the first thing you should look for is dehydration .
Our brain can only function at optimum levels with enough hydration and when there is lack of water , the first signs of warning from the body is often tiredness , as it tries to preserve our vital energies .
Conventional suggestions tell us to drink at least 2 liters of water a day , but this has been the cause for many discussions , because people who live in a hot climate need a lot more water than those who live in colder regions .
Remember the golden rule on this , if you are thirsty , drink water .
Repeating the same behaviors everyday but expecting a different result is a fool ’s game .
If you get tired every day , shake things up a little !
What do you ( or will you do ) to kick your energy levels back into gear when the afternoon slump hits you ?
Written on 10/31/2008 by Monika Mundell .
Monika Mundell is a passionate freelance writer and pro-blogger .
Her blog Freelance Writing helps new freelance writers to get started in this exciting industry .
If you like to work with Monika , feel free to visit her Portfolio site .
Photo Credit : littledan77
The views from Monticello are spectacular .
Thomas Jefferson called one panoramic vista his ' sea view . '
I suppose if Jefferson were alive today he would view the ongoing banking scandal with extreme disgust bordering on an outright declaration of war .
Seems Thomas Jefferson himself suffered similar swindles first hand .
I visited Monticello while in Virginia recently .
I toured the house and grounds , ( pictured in T - shirt in TJ 's back gardens ) .
I inspected the hilltop plantation during the ongoing Grand Theft of the Grand Old Republic .
During the tour I wondered what Mr. Jefferson might have said to the two pretenders posing as presidential candidates , about the cash & carry giveaway to the Wall Street magicians .
Somehow the scathing words of Jefferson seemed particularly apropos now .
" If the American people ever allow private banks to control the issue of their money , first by inflation and then by deflation , the banks and corporations that will grow up around them , will deprive the people of their property until their children will wake up homeless on the continent their fathers conquered . '
Deprive the people ?
Wake up homeless ?
Surely here was a man who had first hand dealings with fractional bankers and their bagmen .
Instead of bailing the bankers out , US lawmen should be jailing them in some maximum security prison as a harsh lesson to others .
Congress , and the missing - in - action mainstream media , should call a swindle a swindle and a fraud a fraud .
The Judicial branch of the government should hand out indictments like breath mints .
Instead , the monetary magicians were rewarded with nearly a trillion dollars of your children 's money , by McCain , Biden and Obama and more than 70 of their fellow Senators and some 260 Congressmen .
Jefferson predicted just such a sellout .
' The system of banking , a blot left in all our Constitutions , which , if not covered , will end in their destruction ...
I sincerely believe that banking institutions are more dangerous than standing armies ; and that the principle of spending money to be paid by posterity ... is but swindling futurity on a large scale . '
More dangerous than standing armies ?
Check .
Swindling futurity on a large scale ?
Check and checkmate .
Senator Feinstein of California stated why she ignored her California constituents to vote for her truest constituents over at Wall Street : ' My office has received over 91,000 calls and emails with over 86,000 opposed .
If we do nothing , more institutions will fail .
( Which many deserved to fail and their CEOs jailed ) ' Now , you may say : what does this mean to me ?
I work hard , I pay my bills , I pay cash ' Again , there is no question this is a tough vote .
But there 's no question that this is a ( Yes ) vote that I believe has to be made . '
Jefferson replied to Feinstein : ' A wise and frugal government , which shall leave men free to regulate their own pursuits of industry and improvement , and shall not take from the mouth of labor and bread it has earned - this is the sum of good government . '
Instead the Banker Bailout Bill sent a crystal clear message to ALL Americans : Fuck You .
Voting is for the hopelessly deluded and clueless .
Elected representatives and public servants neither represent , nor do they serve the public in America .
Nor do your emails or phone messages matter .
Fuck off .
BOTH presidential candidates , self - styled mavericks claiming to protect the middle class , broadcast their sincere desire to continue the policies of their predecessor , George Weimar Bush , by voting for the gift to Wall Street .
Apparently , the only real change that will remain is the hopeless feeling of loose change in our purse or pocket .
Jefferson again : ' It is incumbent on every generation to pay its own debts as it goes .
A principle which if acted on would save one - half the wars of the world . '
Neither McCain nor Obama seemed to notice that war and debt were related .
During the so - called debates , both men named various countries they intended to attack if given the opportunity -- Pakistan , Iran , Russia -- while passing on the debt to succeeding generations of Americans .
Both men embraced the Bush Doctrine , with minor differences .
Of course , both men voted for the bailout .
Both California senators , Feinstein and Boxer , voted for the bailout .
Both Arizona senators , McCain and Kyl , voted for the bailout .
Both Alaska senators voted for the bailout .
Both New York senators ' naturally 'voted for the bailout .
The twin Dubyas of Virginia , Warner and Webb , also voted for the swindle .
John Warner , soon to retire , left a legacy of dementia with his last two notable votes : for the authorization of US troops in any domestic disturbance and for the Wall Street bailout .
One clearly related to the other .
James Webb posed as a Democrat do - gooder when he ran and won his Senate seat in 2006 .
But the former pulp fiction writer and Pentagon maverick quickly caved to the money powers rather than serve his Virginia constituents .
Jefferson rolled in his grave .
Once again Jefferson emphasized : ' I hope we shall crush in its birth the aristocracy of our moneyed corporations which dare already to challenge our government to a trial by strength , and bid defiance to the laws of our country ' I believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies .
Already they have raised up a moneyed aristocracy that has set the Government at defiance .
The issuing power should be taken from the banks and restored to the people to whom it properly belongs . '
A moneyed aristocracy ?
Really , here in America ?
Who knew .
Land of the free and home of the brave , where foreigners hate us for our freedoms ?
The clumsy spokesman for that moneyed aristocracy , George Weimar Bush , quickly approved the bailout .
He nearly fell over himself to get to the podium .
Print more money now , he pleaded .
Take that money to a fellow named Paulson , in small bills , tens and twenty billions , and leave it at his feet .
Do it now and do n't ask any questions .
' Democracy will cease to exist when you take away from those who are willing to work and give to those who would not , ' replied Jefferson prophetically , from his grave ( pictured ) at Monticello .
Indifferent to any of this populist nonsense , Congress voted to take from those who had little and give it to those who had it all and squandered it away .
' The natural progress of things is for liberty to yield and government to gain ground , ' Jefferson added .
Monticello was once a small village , a mountain top plantation built and staffed by a visionary , patriot , genius and slave owner .
You can peer into the parlor and see the table for holiday visitors ( photo ) .
You can stroll through the gardens and still see the kitchens and shops adjacent to the main house .
Jefferson 's heirs were forced to sell the place personally designed and belonging to the author of the Declaration of Independence .
His daughter , Martha , auctioned most of the household objects and prized possessions shortly after his death .
As a young man , Jefferson inherited 5,000 acres and scores of slaves .
He also accumulated debt and a patrician lifestyle .
Before the Revolutionary War , Jefferson sold some land to pay off the debts , but by the time he received payment , the paper money was nearly worthless , due to the severe inflation of the war years .
Easy then to understand Jefferson 's aversion to fiat currency , paper money with no real backing , as practiced by the Federal Reserve today .
The tour guides at Monticello readily admitted that Jefferson may have sired one , or perhaps all , of former household slave Sally Hemings 's children .
Hemings eventually gained her freedom .
Curiously , by contrast , Congressmen today appear wholly owned , without any hope of eventual freedom , or the desire for either liberty or integrity .
Born free men , both McCain and Obama willingly enslaved themselves to powerful special interests years ago , along with most of their fellow slaves and indentured servants in DC .
All they ask is that you enslave yourslef to them .
A prominent Virginia newspaper recently noted how the Founding Fathers would have approved the bailout .
' We need to send a love note across the centuries to James Madison and the other Founding fathers , ' wrote political science professor , Ross Baker in the USA Today .
' Our much - reviled Congress did what the occasion demanded in much the same way that the founders intended . '
Evidently , Baker never read any Jefferson : ' To compel a man to subsidize with his taxes the propagation of ideas which he disbelieves and abhors is sinful and tyrannical . '
The idea of paying tribute to bankers , who hotwired , hijacked and then wrecked the US economy while enriching themselves , would have appalled and infuriated Jefferson .
After all , according to the friendly tour guide , it was a banker he trusted who swindled Jefferson , forced his bankruptcy and forcing his heirs into the eventual sale of Monticello .
By contrast , we Americans have only lost our country , international reputation , retirement funds , any sort of true representation , and several million jobs and homes and some ten trillion dollars , with the possibility of martial law thrown into the mix at the slightest whim , should we protest too passionately .
I believe Jefferson knew what was coming when he wrote : ' I tremble for my country when I reflect that God is just ; that his justice cannot sleep forever . '
He knew the bankers and their wholly owned slaves in Washington would eventually destroy the nation .
POSTSCRIPT : Since the nearly trillion dollar giveaway , stocks have fallen a thousand points .
Anybody besides me believe that a round up and arrest of various bankers for fraud would n't have had a more beneficial effect ?
Average : 0 Your rating : None
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
In the coming decades , as the records of the Bush administration are slowly opened to the public , journalists and historians are sure to descend ravenously on the George W. Bush presidential library in Dallas , seeking to pull back the curtain on an enigmatic presidency .
But as they comb through the archives , they may be disappointed — for the White House , by way of both deliberate obstruction and startling negligence , has virtually ensured that a full accounting of its deeds and decisions will remain forever absent from the historical record .
In their own way , such archival lacunae will speak volumes about a White House that never tolerated being second - guessed and , as one Bush aide famously explained , felt it could create its “ own reality . ”
At times , the Bush White House seemed to revel in secrecy for secrecy ’s sake , such as when , in 2003 , the vice president ’s office abruptly stopped reporting information about its use of classification to the National Archives Information Security Oversight Office , claiming that it was not part of the executive branch .
In blunt terms , says presidential historian Douglas Brinkley , the Bush administration has at times operated “ like a propaganda outfit , ” taking the view that making records public only leads to “ media I - gotcha ” stories — not a deeper understanding of American history .
“ I have some great worries about what the record of this administration is going to harvest , because they have done everything they can to slow down and obstruct the Freedom of Information Act , ” he says .
“ I ’m afraid of the sanitization process that will occur , because they do n’t have a sense of historical integrity . ”
Bush set the tone early in his first term when he handed down a controversial executive order , drafted by then - White House counsel Alberto Gonzales , that gave current and former presidents and vice presidents , along with their heirs , unprecedented authority to block the disclosure of White House records .
“ What this amounts to is that past presidents ’ grandchildren can , in effect , be given executive privilege , ” says Anna K. Nelson , the distinguished historian in residence at American University .
Nelson , along with many other historians , saw the move as a transparent effort to protect the records of the president ’s father , George H.W. Bush ; some Reagan - and Bush Sr.- era material has indeed been delayed or withheld since the executive order .
To George Mason University historian Martin Sherwin , the order was nothing short of a “ frontal assault ” on open government .
“ After their tenure has expired , it is the public ’s right to know , in a timely manner , the details of how they went about fulfilling their responsibilities , ” he says .
“ Their actions are not a privileged secret that they and their families have the right to control .
That is how dictatorships operate . ”
Historian Brinkley worries , too , that administration alumni might try to tamper with the records in other ways — namely , by pilfering potentially embarrassing documents .
It ’s not such a far - fetched scenario , he says , considering that Clinton administration national security adviser Sandy Berger was caught purloining from the National Archives classified memos that he considered damaging .
“ I ’m worried that we ’re going to get nothing but hagiography and sanitized records at the Bush library , ” he says .
“ We really need to have a lot of oversight when the trucks move everything out of the White House . ”
Already there is reason to believe that a considerable number of White House records — in the form of emails — have been lost to history .
When congressional investigators pored over documents related to the Jack Abramoff lobbying scandal in 2006 , they noticed that some officials were conducting White House business via email addresses at the Republican National Committee — an apparent violation of the Presidential Records Act , which requires White House staffers to preserve their records , including emails .
( A similar law applies to federal agencies . )
And a former administration IT official , who spoke to me on condition of anonymity , confirms that , at least in some cases , that was no accident :
To prevent their messages from cropping up in the Bush presidential library one day , “ some people , recognizing that email was being archived , just went completely around ” the White House system .
No fewer than 88 White House staffers , an investigation by the House oversight committee revealed , used rnc addresses — among them Andrew Card , Dan Bartlett , Karen Hughes , and Karl Rove .
( According to records obtained by the committee , when Abramoff mistakenly emailed his former assistant and then - Rove aide Susan Ralston at her White House address once , he was reminded by a colleague that the White House email system “ might actually limit what they can do to help us , especially since there could be lawsuits , etc . ” )
By the time Congress asked the rnc about the email records , it turned out that nothing had been saved for 51 of the 88 White House staffers , and there were incomplete records for the rest .
“ We will never know what we do n’t have , ” a Democratic oversight staffer told me .
“ We do n’t know what ’s there .
We do n’t know what individuals deleted .
We do n’t know what percentage was saved . ”
For Rove himself , the rnc ca n’t account for any outgoing emails prior to November 2003 — even though Rove was known to be a prolific user of his rnc email and BlackBerry , sending as many as 200 messages a day .
The Bush administration would hardly be the first to come under fire for its shoddy email retention practices .
Back in the ’ 80s , when the Reagan White House used an archaic system known as profs ( Professional Office System ) , Oliver North and John Poindexter attempted to erase exchanges connected to the Iran - Contra deal .
The Clinton White House was accused of destroying thousands of messages related to congressional inquiries , including the Monica Lewinsky scandal .
The emails were eventually restored at a cost of about $ 12 million ; part of the problem was attributed to a technical glitch in the White House email system , which failed to archive incoming messages for users whose names began with the letter D .
But the historical stakes of preserving email records are higher now than ever before — which makes the Bush administration ’s failure to comply with basic IT best practices all the more critical .
According to one estimate , the Bush White House may have lost at least 5 million emails — not including those sent using rnc addresses .
Shortly after taking office , the administration switched to a new email system , the same one Bush / Cheney staffers had used on the campaign trail .
As it turned out , though , this platform was incompatible with the Clinton - era archiving system — which , the former White House IT official told me , was flawed to begin with .
( Among other things , it could n’t capture attachments . )
According to another former White House IT staffer , Steven McDevitt , “ There was a great deal of concern about proceeding … without having an adequate email records - management solution . ”
The project moved forward anyway , with a temporary archiving process that was “ manual , ” “ primitive , ” and lacked any safeguards to ensure that saved emails had not been modified or tampered with , McDevitt wrote in a letter to the House oversight committee in February .
All told , he said , “ the risk that data would be lost was high . ”
( The White House is not the only offender in this regard : In June , the Government Accountability Office reported that the Department of Homeland Security and the Environmental Protection Agency , among others , were relying on nothing better than “ print and file ” email archiving . )
The National Archives , too , cautioned the White House as early as January 2004 that it was “ operating at risk . ”
Nearly two years later , a White House “ discussion document ” dated October 2005 warned that “ lost or misplaced email archives may result in an inability to meet statutory requirements , ” a scenario that created “ legal and political risk ” for the Bush administration .
Yet the administration made no apparent effort to recover the missing messages .
Instead , it reacted by stonewalling National Archives officials .
McDevitt says he was specifically instructed not to discuss “ potential email retention issues ” with Archives staffers .
An analysis by the White House technical staff conducted in late 2005 found hundreds of days between March 2003 and August 2005 when various White House divisions either had no archived messages or displayed suspiciously low traffic — including nearly a week ’s worth of missing mail from the vice president ’s office that happened to coincide with the launch of a criminal probe into the leak of Valerie Plame ’s covert status .
The former IT official , who departed the White House before the analysis was conducted , says he is unsure exactly what that means : “ There could be a number of explanations , including the fact that these folks knew all emails were archived and decided not to send email for a while .
What I do n’t know is whether they were all explored and whether there is definitive technical evidence ” that emails are missing .
He added , ruefully , “ Now we ’ve created this whirlwind that wo n’t go away .
Anything that has to do with the Bush administration , people just want to believe the worst . ”
To David Gewirtz , who publishes Web magazines devoted to the minutiae of email technology , the Bush administration ’s approach to archiving signals either shocking incompetence or “ something slightly more nefarious . ”
When I met him in June at a hotel in suburban Virginia , where he ’d just addressed a conference of computer consultants on the topic of the White House emails , he told me the administration has relied on “ the industry ’s worst practices in the way they are archiving emails . ”
When he described the process to the audience of techies , he said , the room erupted with laughter .
“ The White House has done everything the hardest and dumbest way possible for this type of project , ” Gewirtz — who has also written a book on the White House email controversy — added .
“ From a historical point of view , you ’re probably not talking about a real crime , but it is a real shame .
This is our heritage that ’s being lost . ”
Prodded by a congressional inquiry , pleas from the National Archives , and lawsuits filed by two watchdog groups , the White House has ever so slowly taken steps to address its email problem .
Declaring the 2005 audit flawed , it began by launching another analysis in the spring of 2007 that it promised would be completed by that summer ; the study is still in progress , though the White House says it has been able to recover some emails along the way .
The sluggish pace leaves some observers wondering whether the administration is intentionally drawing out the process until January 2009 , when the whole thing becomes someone else ’s problem .
“ Everybody ’s concern is that any audit should have started a long time ago , ” the oversight staffer says .
“ There ’s clearly a time issue here . ”
Indeed , even now , six years after dismantling the Clinton - era archiving system , the Bush administration has yet to implement a permanent replacement — even though it had one ready to go years ago .
In the fall of 2006 , the White House ’s new chief information officer , Theresa Payton , decided to shelve the staff ’s proposed system because , as she explained to representatives from the National Archives , it offered no way to distinguish between personal and official email records .
The former Bush IT official told me he found this decision “ quite surprising ” and that as far as he knew the archiving system was “ fully vetted and tested . ”
“ From a technology perspective , I do n’t understand why it was n’t implemented , ” he said .
“ But it ’s not just technology alone that drives these decisions . ”
In the end , even if the administration is successful in recovering any lost emails , presidential historians may not unearth any messages signed “ gwb ” — and not because the president is n’t a fan of email .
In January 2001 , three days before he took the oath of office , the soon - to - be president sent a mass email to close friends and family to announce that they would n’t be hearing from him for a while — at least not electronically .
“ Since I do not want my private conversations looked at by those out to embarrass , the only course of action is not to correspond in cyberspace , ” he wrote in his final missive , which , ironically , was obtained by the press .
“ This saddens me . ”
And with that , G94B@aol.com officially signed off .
Linked to ' big oil , ' incumbent Tenn .
GOP congressman loses primary Associated Press
Published : Friday August 8 , 2008
Print This Email This Being linked to " big oil " turned into a big problem for Tennessee Republican freshman Rep. David Davis , who became the first congressman from that state to lose in a primary in more than four decades .
Johnson City Mayor Phil Roe beat Davis by a 500 - vote margin Thursday in the solidly Republican 1st District in the northeastern corner of the state .
Roe 's victory came after a bruising campaign in which he accused Davis of selling out to " big oil . "
Congressional incumbents from Tennessee are rarely voted out of office .
Statewide , the last time an incumbent was defeated in a party primary was 1966 when Democrat Tom Murray lost to Ray Blanton in what was then the 7th District .
Blanton won the general election then became governor in 1974 .
" I will try to serve you with dignity and honesty , just like we ran this campaign , " Roe said .
" Ain't it fun to win one ? "
With all precincts reporting , Roe had 25,916 votes , or 50 percent of the vote , to Davis ' 25,416 votes , or 49 percent .
He will face Democrat Rob Russell in November , although the district has voted strongly Republican in the past .
The race became increasingly acrimonious as the primary election neared .
Roe ran a TV ad accusing Davis of selling out to " Big Oil " by accepting money from industry PACs and backing legislation supporting offshore drilling .
During the last month of the campaign , gas prices in the district hit a record high of $ 3.94 , according to figures from AAA .
Davis countered with radio ads denying he " pocketed " oil money , accused Roe of deceptive campaign practices and said " the voters of East Tennessee deserve better . "
Roe told reporters afterward that he was aware Davis had n't acknowledged defeat , but said he considered his victory final .
" I knew the time was right , and I felt I was the right person to do it , " Roe said of his challenge of Davis .
Davis , a health care business owner , was elected in 2006 after a crowded primary for a vacated seat .
Roe came in fourth in that primary .
Norman Litchfield , 24 , a medical student from Johnson City , said he voted for Roe because he thinks " change is good . "
" I 've been to D.C. several times with my sister for school .
( Davis ) kind of gave us a cold shoulder , " Litchfield said .
" I think your representative should take the time of day to come out and shake your hand .
I like Roe 's ' people not politics ' platform . "
Davis joins Rep. Chris Cannon , R - Utah ; Rep. Wayne Gilchrest , R - Md. ; and Rep. Albert Wynn , D - Md. , who are also incumbents who lost their primary races this year .
Meanwhile , in the 9th District , in Memphis , a racially charged Democratic primary ended with an incumbent congressman trouncing the opponent who ran an ad linking him to the Ku Klux Klan .
Unofficial results showed Democrat Steve Cohen with 79 percent of the vote to 19 percent for Nikki Tinker , a black corporate lawyer who was his chief opponent in the district that covers Memphis , with all precincts reporting .
Cohen is the first white congressman from Memphis in more than three decades and one of only two white congressmen representing a majority black district .
" The results are pretty clear , " Cohen told cheering supporters at a victory party .
" I 'm here to report that Tennessee and Tennessee ( District ) 9 voted firmly for the post- racial politics that has carried a new generation to power . "
The campaign turned ugly in its final days , when Tinker ran a television ad juxtaposing photos of Cohen , who is Jewish , and a hooded Ku Klux Klan member .
Tinker 's supporters argued the district , which is 60 percent black and 35 percent white , should be represented by a black candidate .
Cohen , a former state senator , has a long record as a civil rights supporter .
Tinker said her ad linking Cohen to the KKK for opposing a 2005 effort to remove a statue of Confederate Gen.
Nathan Bedford Forrest from a downtown park " merely states the facts .
I think the nation needs to know Steve Cohen 's complete record . "
But the ad drew condemnation Thursday from Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama .
It juxtaposed pictures of a statue of Forrest , an early leader of the KKK , and a hooded Klansman in front of a burning cross while asking , " Who is the real Steve Cohen ? "
Miley Cyrus at Malibu Starbucks ( Photos )
Miley Cyrus visited a Malibu Starbucks recently .
The teen singing phenom is said to favor caramel latte .
Miley was outwardly patient with the paparazzi , who swarmed the young star as she exited the business .
Cyrus smiled non stop as she and her mom , Tish Cyrus , made their way to their car .
She has n't learned yet that you can put up your hand to shield your face , look down or pretend they are n't in your face .
Instead , she took the opportunity to smile , wave and otherwise conduct herself in a polite and congenial manner .
Miley , 15 , her mother and her younger sister Noah , 8 , spent Tuesday at Universal Studios Theme Park in Los Angeles .
They were sporting VIP passes and the tween pop sensation posed for pictures with other theme park visitors .
Miley Cyrus was recently captured in wax by Madame Tussauds London .
Check out wax Miley here .
Check out her Starbucks photos below .
Photos : WENN
BUDAPEST 
The Hungarian government struck a deal on Thursday to borrow up to 5 billion euros ( $ 6.7 billion ) from the European Central Bank in a bid to avoid becoming  like Iceland  a national victim of the financial crisis .
Hungary is feeling the effects of the credit crisis not because its banks invested in bad mortgages , but because the credit markets have dried up , depriving it of the ability to service debts denominated in currencies other than the Hungarian forint .
The central bank ’s loan gives Hungary the means to meet its obligations directly even though harder currencies are flowing out .
But the loan comes at a price .
The Hungarian central bank had to deposit collateral , denominated in euros , with the European Central Bank .
Addressing the underlying problems will be harder than taking a loan , analysts said .
Standard & Poor ’s , the ratings agency , put Hungary on review Wednesday for a possible downgrade of its credit rating .
In my last post we created a UDP client using Apache MINA .
Lets turn the table and implement the Server side .
Let ’s see how using Apache MINA reduces the effort to create a UDP Server .
Steps to create a UDP Server using java.
net API ’s
Create a Socket and listen for incoming connection Process each packet in a separate thread 🙂
( I hate this , unfortunately need this to have high processing rate )
Parse and process the request and optionally send response ( Lets omit this to keep things simple )
Lets see how to achieve the same using Apache MINA
Create a NioDatagramAcceptor Add an IoHandler Bind and make application ready to receive
That ’s it 🙂
Before we dive into the code , lets see some assumption made to run this
DFL U.S. Senate candidate Al Franken has moved into his first solid lead over incumbent Republican Norm Coleman , according to a new Star Tribune Minnesota Poll .
The survey , conducted Tuesday through Thursday by Princeton Survey Research Associates International among 1,084 likely Minnesota voters , shows Franken leading Coleman 43 to 34 percent .
Independence Party candidate Dean Barkley is supported by 18 percent of respondents .
Franken ’s lead is outside the poll ’s margin of sampling error , plus or minus 3.7 points .
For Coleman , there is little good news in the poll .
The number of voters who view him unfavorably continues to grow , the number who see him favorably is falling , and his job - approval rating has slipped to 38 percent — his lowest ever in the Minnesota Poll .
Coleman led Franken by four points in last month ’s Minnesota Poll .
The new results stand in contrast to the findings of a SurveyUSA poll , commissioned by KSTP - TV and also conducted this week , that shows Coleman with a 10 - point lead over Franken , 43 to 33 percent .
U.S. Sen. Norm Coleman
Citing that poll , the Coleman campaign called the Minnesota Poll and its methodology “ flawed , ” campaign spokesman Luke Friedrich said .
“ Minnesotans should take the Star Tribune poll for what it ’s worth , ” Friedrich said .
“ This is an independent pollster who is respected across the country , ” Star Tribune editor Nancy Barnes said .
“ It ’s the same pollster who found the presidential race in Minnesota to be a dead heat last month .
All polls have a margin of error , but on the whole we trust that these results have merit . ’’
The Minnesota Poll results suggest Franken may be riding the coattails of Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama , who has widened a lead over Republican John McCain in polls across the country .
But the advertising war in the race also appears to be a factor decidedly in Franken ’s favor .
Colleen Murray , a spokeswoman for the Franken campaign , called the poll “ great news for people across Minnesota who are hungry for change in Washington . ”
Franken ’s lead , she said , reflects the belief of Minnesotans that he will fight for the middle class in Washington and that Coleman has n’t .
Barkley ’s 18 - percent showing represents a bump of five points from last month ’s poll and an attention - getting show of support for the third - party candidate who has spent far less time and money campaigning than the two leading contenders .
But in the three weeks since the last poll Barkley ’s name recognition has n’t budged .
A third of likely voters in this week ’s poll still say they ’ve never heard his name .
Chris Truscott , spokesman for the Barkley campaign , said they were excited by recent poll numbers .
“ We ’re consistently moving in the right direction and that ’s a result of Minnesotans looking for something better , ” he said .
“ We just got our radio ads up , and we ’ve got five debates coming .
This campaign is just getting underway . ”
Ad wars doing damage
The new poll suggests that one reason for Franken ’s gain is voters ’ reaction to the abrasive advertising in the campaign .
The survey shows that 56 percent of poll respondents consider ads criticizing Franken to be “ mostly unfair personal attacks . ”
Only 42 percent said the same about ads criticizing Coleman .
Some of the ads by the Coleman campaign and national Republicans show Franken when he was an entertainer , cursing and ranting on political subjects .
Others stress the tax and accounting mistakes of his private corporation when he was living in New York .
Said Franken supporter Lori Miller , a 46 - year - old small - business owner from Staples : “ I feel we need something new , and I feel like [ Franken ’s ] out for the middle class .
I do n’t know if I really believe all the bad things they ’re saying about him . ”
The Rev. Philip Geoffrion , a pastor in Cokato , is a Republican who ’s tempted to vote for Barkley except for the fact that , as he said , “ when he does n’t have a chance to win , I figure I ’ll waste my vote . ”
For now , he ’s sticking with Coleman .
Barkley hurting Coleman
The poll shows that Barkley is drawing more votes from Coleman than Franken , although Franken would still be ahead of Coleman even if Barkley was n’t in the race .
More Barkley supporters , 49 percent , said they leaned toward Coleman than Franken , who drew support from 33 percent of them .
In a head - to - head match without Barkley , Franken topped Coleman by 49 percent to 42 percent .
The poll detected a significant increase in Minnesotans who label themselves as Democrats .
Forty - two percent of likely voters identified themselves as Democrats , compared with 27 percent who said they were independents , and 26 percent who said they were Republicans .
According to the poll , Coleman ’s support has slid among men and those in upper - and lower - income brackets .
Last month , Coleman led Franken among men , 46 to 36 percent ; in the recent poll Franken is ahead , 45 to 34 percent .
Coleman continues to get strong support from white evangelicals , but white Catholics are about evenly split between the two leading candidates .
Both Coleman and Franken are struggling equally to keep their respective bases from drifting to the Barkley camp ; each has the support of 78 percent of their party members , while 12 percent of Democrats and Republicans alike support Barkley .
And Barkley has cut into Coleman ’s former lead among independents , leaving them divided almost evenly among Coleman ( 34 percent ) , Barkley ( 33 percent ) and Franken ( 29 percent ) .
David Roeser , 65 , a retired General Mills mechanic who lives in Minneapolis , said he was for Barkley in part because of all “ the crap ” in the TV ads .
“ This has really alienated me from both [ Coleman and Franken ] .
I ’ve read some of Franken ’s satire — I ’m not a big fan of the stuff — and I ’ve watched Coleman in Congress a bit , ” he said .
“ But these ads have turned me totally away .
Barkley seems like more my kind of person . ”
Kevin Duchschere • 612-673-4455
( CNN ) -- Gen. David Petraeus took charge Friday of U.S. Central Command , the American military headquarters that focuses on a region of the world that includes Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan .
" There can be no higher privilege for any soldier than being allowed to serve once more with such wonderful Americans and to work hard at work worth doing , " Petraeus said at the ceremony at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa , Florida .
Petraeus took the helm from Lt. Gen. Martin Dempsey , who had led Central Command since Adm. William Fallon 's resignation in March .
U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates , who presided over Friday 's ceremony , praised both Demsey and Petraeus .
" These past few months , Marty has more than held down the fort at CentCom , " Gates said of Demsey .
" He has responded at every turn , with a quiet confidence that earned my admiration and that of countless others under his command and throughout the region . "
Dempsey now will serve as the four - star commander of the Army 's Training and Doctrine Command , Gates said .
Of Petraeus , Gates said , " He is precisely the man we need at this command at this time . "
As commander of Central Command , Petraeus will oversee U.S. military objectives and activities in a broad swath of the Middle East and Central and South Asia .
The region extends from Egypt to Pakistan and covers countries as far north as Kazakhstan and as far south as Yemen .
" CentCom 's tasks are of enormous importance to our country , to the CentCom region and to the world , " Petraeus said .
" It 's clear that in the months and years ahead a great deal of responsibility will continue to rest on the shoulders of the wonderful men and women of the coalition countries serving in harm 's way , in the Central Command area of responsibility , and it is an honor to serve with them again . "
Petraeus takes control of Central Command amid planned reductions in U.S. troop levels in Iraq and a rise in Taliban attacks on coalition troops and government targets in Afghanistan .
The United States has pressured its NATO allies repeatedly to send more troops to Afghanistan .
In addition , suspected U.S. military strikes against militants across the Afghan border , inside Pakistan , have sparked outrage among a new national government there .
Two such suspected missile strikes killed 28 people Friday in northwest Pakistan , military sources and local and intelligence officials said .
On Wednesday , Pakistan 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs summoned the U.S. ambassador , Anne Patterson , to lodge a complaint about missile attacks it believes have been conducted on Pakistani soil by unmanned U.S. drones .
The ministry told Patterson that such attacks violate Pakistan 's sovereignty and should be stopped immediately .
Last week , Pakistan 's parliament passed a resolution that condemned any incursion on Pakistani soil by foreign forces .
Petraeus took over as commander of U.S. forces in Iraq in February 2007 , with the difficult task of stopping the bloodshed in Iraq .
Violence appeared to be out of control that month : Six U.S. helicopters were shot down , deadly bombings were common and nearly 500 bodies turned up in the capital -- many of the victims killed execution - style .
Then came the " surge " -- the temporary influx of 31,000 U.S. troops .
That action is one of several factors credited with reducing violence across Iraq .
Watch a province return to Iraqi control »
Other factors include the decision by radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al - Sadr to order his followers to lay down their arms and the move by many Sunni insurgents to switch sides and fight on the U.S. side -- for pay .
Author Bob Woodward also has credited a top - secret program the U.S. military has used to kill suspected terrorists .
" I think that Gen. Petraeus will be regarded by history , by military historians , as a great American military strategist , " said Martin Navias , defense analyst for the Center of Strategic Studies at Kings College in London .
" When he came into power ... the situation in Iraq was terrible . "
Petraeus told CNN recently that the future of Iraq remains uncertain .
" There are many of these possible storm clouds that are out there , " he said .
All About David Petraeus • U.S. Central Command • Pakistan
So , Television is a hot bed of lies , deceit and made up competitions .
We can't say that we are that surprised ... every job is full of this stuff .
It 's not like the newspapers currently kicking TV whilst it is down are all that innocent .
We 'd like you to even things out a bit .
Spill the beans on your own trade .
Tell us the dirty secrets that the public need to know . ( , Thu 27 Sep 2007 , 10:31 )
They frequently exchange sperm / eggs with more fertile ones from other people .
You can usually tell when this has happened - if you have friends who have had an IVF baby and either the father is remarkably effeminate or the mother is extrememly butch , recommend a DNA test .
Seriously , it 's standard practice across the world .
If you can't get a baby by spunking in your girlfriend 's muff , it ain't your baby ( or possibly hers , but more likely it's not yours , you inadequate excuse for a man ) .
There was at least one case while I was there where the baby did n't belong to either of them .
They 're a lot more careful about it these days , after there was a case in the UK where a blonde white couple had a big black baby boy .
You might remember it from the late 90s .
These days they make sure it'll have the same colour skin , eyes & hair as the parents .
I should mention that my confidentiality agreement expired a couple of years ago and the only reason I do n't talk about specific cases is because of personal morals ( I do n't think it 's fair on the individuals ) .
Also , one day we all cloned ourselves for a laugh .
We killed the embryos after a couple of weeks .
They were kept inside cut - off straws and we dropped them in acid .
I killed a mini version of myself .
I was n't religious before that moment , now I honestly believe that my soul has been destroyed .
Redemption is a bitch . ( , Fri 28 Sep 2007 , 15:16 , Reply
An Ideal One - Light Kit
Flash : Godox TT600 ( $ 69.00 )
In addition to a flash , you 'll need some basic gear to begin using that flash off - camera and shaping it into a much better quality of light .
The good news : getting started with a basic kit is very inexpensive , compared to the cost of your cameras and lenses .
For starters , you 'll want to work with a simple inexpensive one - light kit , which you can see in action above .
If you stick with it and grow as a lighting photographer , you 'll probably choose to add a second light later .
A two - light kit will serve the needs of the majority of lighting photographers across many circumstances .
A lot of time and thought has gone into the selection of the current recommended gear .
The components have evolved frequently over the past fourteen years at Strobist , guided by first - hand use and the feedback of countless photographers who have taken Lighting 101 before you .
This is a similar , but more capable , kit to what I used for two decades ( and over 10,000 assignments ) as a photojournalist .
You can get cheaper gear — especially from some of the pop -up brands shipping direct out of China .
But a lot of that stuff is crap , with little ( if any ) warranty and destined to disappoint .
A well - chosen lighting kit can last you the rest of your life , and be used with a variety of cameras both present and future .
The current recommended lighting kit for beginners is built around a manual Godox TT600 flash and remote trigger and LumoPro grip equipment .
( FYI , " grip " is a catch - all term for the gear that positions a light and / or modifies its quality . )
Below is each piece of recommended gear , along with why it was chosen .
We 'll discuss how to use it in subsequent lessons .
If you do not yet have a flash , our current recommendation for Strobist readers is the Godox TT600 .
This is a manual flash , which means it is universal to nearly every brand of Camera .
The one exception is Sony , which has a non-standard hot shoe for connecting a flash .
If you shoot Sony , you 'll need to get the Godox TT600 ( S ) as noted below .
At less than $ 70 , the TT600 is an inexpensive yet extremely capable manual speedlight designed for off - camera lighting .
A NOTE ABOUT FLASHES MADE BY CAMERA MANUFACTURERS :
Camera - branded flashes are sold at a very high profit margin .
This is because they see you as locked into their system , and they have you where they want you .
Do n't believe me ?
Consider this .
For the price of a single flagship Nikon SB - 5000 speedlight ( * cough * $ 597 * cough * ) you could have instead had a high - quality , three - light mobile studio with flashes , light stands , umbrellas , and radio remote trigger .
This is a very capable and versatile gear set .
And you 'd still have a chunk of money left over .
Remote Trigger : Godox X2T : ( $ 59.00 )
Atof the price of a Nikon SB - 5000 , there 's a lot to love about the TT600 .
It is as powerful as the more expensive OEM flashes .
It has the same 1 - year warranty .
When used with NiMH rechargeable AA batteries , the TT600 has a fast recycle time — 2.6 seconds at full power , and much faster at lower power settings .
( But as most flashes do , it recycles more slowly when used with alkaline AA batteries . )
The TT600 syncs four different ways :•
Hot shoe , the physical connect atop your camera• Slave , meaning it can fire the instant it sees another flash firing ( VERY useful ) • 1/8 " minijack , the current industry standard for a physical external triggering jack •
A built - in , radio transceiver ( more on this below ) The TT600 has a zoom head that reaches to 200 mm equivalent throw .
This is not a universal feature among flashes , and can be very useful for concentrating a beam of light to reach out further when needed .
Its built - in radio belies its low price point .
It has plenty of groups and channels , and works as either a transmitter or receiver .
This is a game changer that makes a flash feel a little more complex at the outset , because the limited number of buttons necessarily get dual functions that require press - and - hold actuations .
But the increased utility more than makes up for the learning curve .
Best of all , the transceiver is compatible with a wide - ranging Godox system that runs the gamut from mini-sized flashes ( for smaller cameras ) all the way to very powerful studio flashes .
Honestly , there is a bewildering amount of choices .
For lighting photographers who are starting out , this is a great way to leave your growth options open while also minimizing your startup costs .
Godox TT600 ( for all brands except Sony ) Godox TT600S ( fits most modern Sony cameras ) __________A remote trigger wirelessly synchronizes your flash to your camera , even when they are not physically connected .
Our remote trigger recommendations assume that your flash is the recommended Godox TT600 .
If your flash is different , you 'll have to sort out the appropriate remote trigger on your own .
This is also why if you are just starting out you should strongly consider patronizing a real camera store as opposed to one - click Amazon .
For newbs , it can be really helpful to have a knowledgeable support person just a phone call or email away .
Many of today 's better speedlights have built - in " transceiver " remotes , meaning the radio can work either as a transmitter or a receiver .
To use this feature , you 'll need to get the remote for your camera brand that marries to the transceiver in your flash .
That is why we recommend the Godox TT600 and Godox X2T in tandem .
Here are brand - specific links for the appropriate model X2T for :
A CHEAPER , BUT ALSO GOOD , OPTION
If you want to save $ 13 , you can go for the Godox X1T remote trigger ( $ 46 ) .
Functionally , it is just as good and is available for more camera brands .
It just does n't have the most current user interface .
And in addition to to above brands , the X1T also is made for Olympus / Panasonic .
Brand - specific links to X1T triggers :
Nikon | Canon | Sony | Fuji | Olympus / Panasonic
Light Stand : LumoPro LP605S ( $ 44.99 )
Umbrella Swivel : LumoPro LP679 v2 ( $ 15.99 )
A Convertible Double - Fold Umbrella ( $ 29.99 )
Because your flash is not going to magically float in the air .
So you 'll need something to hold it up .
For a first light stand , I recommend a compact , five - section model .
( Compact stands extend to 7 1 / 2 feet but fold down very small for easy transport . )
This design is made by several manufacturers , but the LumoPro LP605S adds a few nice extra features .
The LP605S is a heavier build quality than its competitors , is reasonably priced and has a five - year warranty .
It also has foldable ground spikes — unique to its class — that make it more stable when used outside .
Lastly , it is drilled for ( and includes ) a strap .
This is a nice touch to make your assembled one - light kit super portable when needed .
Just throw it over your shoulder and go .
At $ 45 , the LP605S is an easy choice .
The umbrella swivel connects the flash to the light stand , allowing it to tilt and / or swivel .
It also provides a clamp to hold the umbrella , hence the name .
Umbrella swivels typically go for under $ 20 .
Since the swivel will be supporting your flash , it is good not to scrimp here .
There are also several different designs available .
We recommend the LumoPro LP679 v2 , ( shown above , $ 16 ) for several reasons .
First , it has a large - lever friction elbow , as opposed to toothed .
This gives you better — and faster — control when adjusting your light .
And I feel that it is more secure , because the teeth ( on the other kind of swivel ) can grab when not fully tightened — and then come loose when jostled .
Second , it has a removable cold shoe ( the thing that mounts to your flash ) up top .
This gives you a lot more flexibility than the models with a fixed cold shoe mount .
Finally , the LP679 v2 adds a nice , big thumbscrew on the umbrella lock .
This was a photographer - suggested feature .
It may sounds like a little thing .
But once you have used a swivel with a bigger thumbscrew , you 'll wonder why you ever put up with the thumb - eating small - screw versions .
They are a comparative pain in the ass .
This is one of the best things about the large volume of photographers who have come through Lighting 101 and Strobist in general .
Every now and then , someone would come up with an idea to make a common piece of gear better and / or more useable .
And LumoPro has been especially responsive about listening and incorporating the improvements .
You 'll be using an umbrella to soften the light from your flash and give it a beautiful , wrapping window light quality .
Most of the time , you 'll use it in ( translucent ) shoot - through mode .
But sometimes you might want to use it as a black - backed reflective umbrella , which can be very helpful in controlling spill light .
( More on that later . )
Suffice to say that having an umbrella that is convertible between the two types can be very useful .
I like the LumoPro LP735 convertible double - fold umbrella ( $ 30 ) .
But it is not always available .
In that event , the similarly priced Westcott double - fold convertible umbrella is also a good choice .
__________That was a lot of gear talk to throw at you .
Sorry .
But this is a basic off - camera lighting kit that can open up many doors to the way you shoot .
It can also grow with you , and last you a lifetime .
For example , here 's the resulting shot from the setup photo shown at top :
We just wanted to get you started off on the right foot , with good quality equipment .
And most important , not spending more than you needed to .
Your kit will take a few days to get there .
But while you wait for it to arrive , a sneak peak into what you 'll be able to do with it ... NEXT : First Steps With Your New Lighting Kit
Apparently , this is becoming harder advice to follow .
According to a new report from the Federal Reserve , revolving credit , which includes credit cards , increased at an annual rate of about 7 percent in May .
In April , by contrast , it had shown a slight percentage decline .
The increase is notable because May was the first month when rebate checks from the federal government really started to kick in .
So even with some extra financial padding , many consumers still turned to their credit cards .
Published online 7 August 2008 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2008.1026
News
Full nuclear sequence , offering clues about our relatives ' demise , expected within months .
The first complete genome of a Neanderthal — specifically , the mitochondrial DNA found in a 38,000 - year - old bone — has been sequenced .
The highly accurate sequence contains clues that our relatives lived in small , isolated populations , and probably did not interbreed with their human neighbours .
“ This is the first ‘ finished ’ genome sequence of an extinct human relative , ” says the study ’s lead scientist , Ed Green , of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , Germany .
Could genetics tell us why the Neanderthals died out ?
PUNCHSTOCK
Analysis of the DNA , taken from a bone fragment from the Vindija Cave in Croatia , puts the date of our last common ancestor at around 660,000 years ago , give or take 140,000 years .
This is broadly in line with other estimates based on archaeology .
The research , published in Cell1 , is a taster for the unveiling later this year of the complete Neanderthal nuclear genome sequence — which many hope will reveal the key genetic changes that propelled the evolution of human behaviour .
Mystery demise
Neanderthals lived across Europe and western Asia from a few hundred thousand years ago to around 30,000 years ago .
Although a great deal is known about their physiology and social practices from archaeological and fossil evidence , the reason for their demise remains a mystery .
To date , there have been more than a dozen sequences of Neanderthal mitochondrial DNA published .
“ But for the first time , we 've built a sequence from ancient DNA that is essentially without error , ” says Green .
“ Contamination has been a constant dark cloud hanging over the field of ancient DNA sequencing .
It has tainted our work , ” he says .
“ People have been too busy evaluating the accuracy of the Neanderthal sequences to really think about what these sequences actually mean if they are real . ”
Two years ago , Green ’s colleague Svante Pääbo began his project to map the entire Neanderthal genome , setting out to probe more than 60 museum specimens for traces of DNA .
In an effort to eliminate contamination , the team have been generating DNA libraries in the same clean room where they do the DNA fossil extraction .
The scientists sequenced the Neanderthal mitochondrial genome 35 times , giving them enough data to compare it with the human genome and reliably identify which differences were caused by evolution , and which by sample degradation .
The result is a genome sequence which was hailed as “ extremely rigorous ” , by Edwin Rubin , director of the Joint Genome Institute in Walnut Creek , California .
“ The near complete absence of human contamination is enormously encouraging and bodes well for the Neanderthal nuclear genome sequences that have been generated from this sample , ” says Rubin .
Genetic clues
The team found that of the 13 proteins encoded in the Neanderthal mitochondrial DNA , one in particular had experienced a significant number of amino acid changes in humans , since our separation from Neanderthals .
However , these changes did not have a significant effect on the functional domain of subunit 2 of cytochrome c oxidase ( COX2 ) , part of the mitochondrial electron transport chain .
Some scientists hope that genetic clues about why human rose to prominence and Neanderthals died out will be revealed in a few months , with the unveiling of the complete nuclear genome sequence .
“ We are on course to publish a complete one - fold coverage by later this year , ” says Green .
But others are not convinced .
“ Whatever it was that sparked the emergence of human behaviour 30,000 – 40,000 years ago , I ’m convinced it was not genetic , ” says Erik Trinkaus a palaeontologist at Washington University in St Louis , Missouri .
“ The genome sequence data may tell us something about the selection of a couple of proteins , but it tells us nothing about language or social behaviour , ” says Trinkaus .
A $ 700 - billion US package negotiated by U.S. congressional leaders over the weekend to bail out the American financial industry failed a vote in the House of Representatives .
Despite pleas by President George W. Bush — who was phoning undecided legislators minutes before the roll call — as well as congressional leaders , Monday afternoon ’s vote failed by a margin of 228-205 .
The Capitol is illuminated under stormy skies Sunday evening .
The House of Representatives could reconsider its rejection of a financial bailout plan as early as Thursday .
( ( J. Scott Applewhite / Associated Press ) )
Financial markets nosedived in the wake of the rejection of the deal , with the Dow Jones industrial average plummeting by 777.68 points , its biggest single - day drop , and Toronto 's S&P / TSX composite index falling by 840.93 points .
When the critical vote was tallied , too few members of the House were willing to support the unpopular measure with elections just five weeks away .
Ample
No votes came from both the Democratic and Republican sides of the aisle .
Bush and a host of leading congressional figures had implored the legislators to pass the legislation despite howls of protest from their constituents back home , who balked at the price and the perception that the government would be using taxpayer dollars to bail out greedy financial tycoons .
" While the legislation may have failed , the crisis is still with us , " House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said at a news conference after the bill 's defeat .
" What happened today cannot stand , " she said .
" We must move forward , and I hope that the markets will take that message . "
U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi spoke at a Monday news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington after congressmen failed to pass the financial bailout package .
(( Susan Walsh / Associated Press ) )
Pelosi added that the discussions leading up to the bill were wholly bipartisan , with both parties committing to provide half the votes needed for the measure to pass .
In the end , two - thirds of Democrats voted for it .
" We delivered on our side of the bargain , " Pelosi said .
Representative John Boehner , the Republican minority leader , who supported the deal , said Congress has more work to do .
" We have no choice but to work to try to find a solution to make sure that we save our economy , " Boehner said after the vote .
In Colorado , Sen. Barack Obama , the Democratic presidential candidate , said : " Democrats , Republicans , step up to the plate , get it done . "
His Republican rival , Sen. John McCain , also urged his fellow congressmen to go back to the table .
" Now is not the time to fix the blame , " he said .
" It 's time to fix the problem . "
Members of the House were discussing a motion to reconsider their vote later , with top Democrats and Republicans attempting to arm - twist enough members to cover the razor - thin margin blocking the deal 's passage .
A revote was not expected before Thursday when the House plans to reconvene .
Roy Blunt , the Republican House whip , said that he had counted 12 more
Yes votes on his side going into the roll call — seemingly enough for a one - vote victory — but that he thought several members were dissuaded at the last minute by a " partisan " speech by Pelosi .
" We could have gotten there today had it not been for the partisan speech that the Speaker gave on the floor of the House , " Boehner said .
Pelosi's words , the Ohio Republican said , " poisoned our conference , caused a number of members that we thought we could get to go south . "
The Republican leaders did n’t specify which of Pelosi ’s remarks they considered to be unduly partisan .
Pelosi made reference to " bipartisan efforts " in her perorative speech before the vote , but also briefly blamed Bush 's policies for the economic turmoil .
Rep. Barney Frank , a Massachusetts Democrat and chair of the House financial services committee , scoffed at the Republicans ' explanation .
" Well if that stopped people from voting , then shame on them .
There ’s a terrible crisis affecting the American economy , " he said .
" And because someone hurt their feelings , they decided to hurt the country .
I would not have imputed that amount of pettiness . "
' Mother of all debts '
Bush was " very disappointed " with the rejection and met with his economic advisers , including U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke , to discuss what to do next .
The bailout would have seen the U.S. government immediately authorized to buy up $ 350 billion US in distressed debt held by Wall Street banks and investment houses , with a further $ 350 billion US available later .
Much of the bad debt stems from the collapse of the market for subprime mortgages , which are the faulty loans on the homes of ordinary Americans .
Asian markets were down on Monday morning as investors waited for final voting in the U.S. Congress on a bailout plan .
( ( Bullit Marquez / Associated Press ) )
The government would have held on to the debts for several years , possibly until credit markets settled , house prices recovered and it could sell the debt at a profit .
But that prospect did n’t appeal to all legislators .
Representative Jeb Hensarling , a Texas Republican , called the financial package " too much bailout and not enough workout . "
" I fear that taxpayers will end up inheriting the mother of all debts , " Hensarling said .
The U.S. government has already provided $ 900 billion US in relief as part of the financial crisis , including $ 85 billion US to buy out troubled insurer AIG and $ 200 billion US to take over mortgage lenders Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
Critics of the bailout plan said it would have done too much for Wall Street firms and moguls , and too little for the average American worker .
Alternative plans discussed by pundits included having the government provide mortgage relief directly to homeowners , as well as loan guarantees for people at risk of losing their houses to stave off or even reverse a foreclosure .
Check it Donnie , Nvidia just launched its Quadro CX accelerator card for Adobe 's Creative Suite 4 .
The optimized GPU fits into your PC's PCIe slot to smooth image navigation and manipulation in Photoshop while accelerating effects in Adobe 's After Effects and Premier Pro. Nvidia claims that the new GPU helps encode H.264 video at " lightning - fast speeds " when using Nvidia 's Cuda - enabled CS4 plug - in while giving professionals accurate video previews with uncompressed 30 - bit color or 10-/ 12 - bit SDI ( for professional video equipment ) before final output .
The Quadro CX features a 1.5GB ( GDDR3 ) frame buffer and 76.8 GBps memory bandwidth with dual - DisplayPort connectors ( up to 2560 x 1600 pixels ) and a single dual - link DVI with support for panels up to 3,840 x 2,400 @ 24 Hz .
Look , we know this sounds all stupid - hard advanced to those of you using Photoshop to hotten - up your Facebook pic , but the pros are going to love it .
$ 1,999 and available today -- video demonstration just beyond the read link .
[ Via InformationWeek
Novel toxin receptor discovered for ulcer - causing stomach pathogen
Related images
( click to enlarge )
Helicobacter pylori is one tough bug .
It can survive in the human stomach , a zone with a pH somewhere between that of lemon juice and battery acid .
Now researchers have discovered how an H. pylori toxin gets into cells , a feat that helps the bacterium live in one of the most inhospitable environments in the body .
Their findings appear this week in PLoS Pathogens , a journal of the Public Library of Science .
About half of the world ’s population is infected with H. pylori , although most of them do n’t know it ( most infected people have no obvious symptoms ) .
For a percentage of the infected , however , the bacterium packs a nasty punch .
H. pylori is responsible for most human cases of gastric and duodenal ulcers , and long - term infection is a significant risk factor for stomach cancer , the second leading cause of cancer death worldwide .
Researchers have tried for years to understand how the bacterium survives in the human stomach , said Steven Blanke , a University of Illinois professor in the department of microbiology and Institute for Genomic Biology and principal investigator on the study .
“ Paradoxically , although H. pylori is a common resident of the human stomach , the bug is not well adapted by itself to acid , ” he said .
“ But this pathogen has several clever mechanisms for carving out a niche for itself in the stomach lining . ”
A protein produced by H. pylori , called vacuolating toxin A ( VacA ) , is an important weapon in its arsenal .
“ This toxin gets into stomach epithelial cells and immune cells and changes their properties in such a way as to allow H. pylori to first gain a foothold in the stomach , and then survive over the long - term , which may be the entire lifetime of an individual , ” Blanke said .
“ H. pylori releases the VacA toxin in order to modify its environment , ” he said .
How the toxin crossed the membrane to get into these cells was a mystery , however .
Cell membranes are composed primarily of lipids and proteins and are designed to keep things out .
Some molecules can penetrate them , but most can do so only after binding to a specific membrane component , called a receptor .
Receptors sometimes act as keys that open channels through a membrane , or they function as signaling molecules , communicating to other components in the cell .
Blanke ’s team knew that VacA was latching on to something on the cell surface that was helping it across the membrane .
Other studies had shown that VacA bound to lipids within artificially created membranes , so graduate students Vijay Gupta and Hetal Patel screened a number of lipids for VacA binding and soon found one to which the toxin readily attached .
This lipid , called sphingomyelin , is an important and abundant component of the membrane of some animal cells .
( Foods such as milk , meat , fish and eggs are dietary sources of sphingomyelin . )
To be considered a receptor , a molecule must meet two criteria , Blanke said .
It must bind the agent of interest ( in this case VacA ) to the cell surface , and it must “ confer sensitivity ” to that agent .
In other words , a receptor to VacA must be essential to the process by which VacA gets into a cell .
If you removed the receptor , or blocked it , the toxin would lose its ability to bind or function .
Prior to this study , no molecules on the membrane of human cells had been found that satisfied both criteria as a receptor .
Upon entering cells , VacA spurs the formation of giant vacuoles .
These oversized membrane - bound compartments are easy to spot under a microscope and provide a useful indicator of VacA activity in the cell .
To test whether sphingomyelin was a receptor for VacA , Gupta treated cultured human cells with an enzyme that depleted the membranes of sphingomyelin .
In the sphingomyelin - depleted cells , the toxin lost its ability to cross into the cells and the giant vacuoles disappeared .
When he restored sphingomyelin to the same cell membranes ( again , in the presence of VacA ) , the vacuoles returned .
“ This is the first example of a bacterial virulence factor that uses sphingomyelin as a receptor , ” Blanke said .
“ Only sphingomyelin confers sensitivity to the toxin in these cells , whereas other common membrane lipids do not . ”
Sphingomyelin recently was discovered to have the ability to cluster into specialized membrane islands , or rafts , that look like raised platforms on the cell surface .
Blanke ’s team found that VacA preferentially binds to and enters the cell by means of these sphingomyelin rafts .
“ Our model is that these platforms serve as the entry portals for the toxin into the cell , ” Blanke said .
“ We think that sphingomyelin is important because it seems to cluster the toxin in these portals of entry .
This seems to be absolutely essential for toxin activity . ”
Finding the mechanism by which the toxin gets into cells is of great interest to those hoping to treat H. pylori infection , Blanke said .
“ Identifying toxin receptors is important because they are outstanding targets for new drugs to block the action of toxins on human cells , ” he said .
Also , because some bacterial toxins are so adept at breeching the membrane barrier to enter human cells , this work may also point the way to new strategies for sending protein - based pharmaceuticals into the cell , he said .
The Foreclosure Process
If you are faced with the dismal prospect of losing your home , you will want to take any action necessary to keep yourself from becoming homeless .
To fight a foreclosure , it is vital to understand how the process works .
As the process of foreclosure varies from state to state , homeowners need to be aware of not only how the process works , but also the timeline involved .
When you are more familiar with the process , you can make a better decision on how to stop your foreclosure .
The first time you miss a mortgage payment by just a day , the foreclosure timeline begins , although no penalties are incurred .
You will be given 16 – 30 days to make your payment .
A late charge is added at this time , and you will most likely receive a phone call from the lender inquiring as to why the payment is late .
After 16 days , you will have a late fee added to your payment .
If you have still not made the payment after 30 days , you will be considered in default .
This means that you are really late on this payment now , and if you do n’t pay it soon , the lender is going to take your home away from you .
Depending on your lender , you will either be allowed to make the late payment in installments or you will be ordered to make the payment in full immediately .
In certain states , once you are 60 days late , a filing of Notice of Default will be made .
However , between 45 to 60 days , you will receive a “ breach ” letter which explains the terms of the mortgage in writing .
This also gives you 30 days to resolve it .
You can expect to hear from your lender daily during this time .
You may be offered some payment options .
If you are , you should take them .
Days 60 to 90 will bring you a notice of default .
There will also be collection fees added to the already existing late fees .
The loan will be handed over to the lender ’s legal department , where documents will be sent to a local attorney to begin foreclosure .
If things are still not resolved by 150 to 415 days , there will be a Notice of Trustee Sale filed .
This means your home will be scheduled to be sold .
A foreclosure is a legal process and guidelines are set that must be met .
After the case is turned over to the local attorney , there must be a public notice of the foreclosure placed in the local papers .
As the homeowner , you have every right to try to stop this process .
If you have n’t done so prior to this , now is definitely the time to seek the advice of your own attorney .
In the last part of the process , some states have laws that allow you the chance to buy your property if you can .
By this time , though , you will most likely have been made to vacate your home by the local sheriff ’s department , if you have not been able to make up the payments .
Comments
CBS to McCain : GOP has become ' party of white people ' David Edwards
Published : Sunday September 7 , 2008
Print This Email This
CBS ' Bob Schieffer asked John McCain about the number of minorities in the Republican Party .
Partial Transcript
SCHIEFFER : I want to ask you about the composition of the convention .
There were 36 African - American delegates out of 2300 - plus delegates there .
How can you survive as a party if you become just the party of white people ?
McCAIN : We can't .
We can't .
I saw that information the other day that by , I 've forgotten , do n't hold me to it , 2042 or something like that , white americans will be a minority in the population of this country .
We can't .
We 've got to reach out .
We 've got to do a better job .
We have to have the Hispanic as well as African - American voters .
I 've traveled all over this country .
I 've been to places where there are literally no Republican votes .
I have to convince them that I 'll be the president of everybody and a Republican party has a job to do .
Frankly , it 's a job that also spills over into other areas .
You 've seen the generic ballot .
SCHIEFFER : Were you kind of surprised at all that .
McCAIN : No .
SCHIEFFER : To see that statistic come up ?
McCAIN : No .
I was obviously disappointed but we need to prove to Americans that this is the party of Abraham Lincoln , Theodore Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan .
We 're the party of Abraham Lincoln .
This video is from CBS 's Face the Nation , broadcast September 7 , 2008 .
Download video
Turtles are tockin ' , tockin ' ' bout turtles ,
This one needs Shoehab , would you believe it ?
And then these bunnies , doin ' one - eighty ,
Try to ignore it but they keep singin ' ...
' Tocks just a little too round ,
' Tocks just a little too close ,
You stare just a little too long .
Maybe you 're seein ' , same thin ' we do darlin' .
Let 's give 'em somethin ' to ' tock about
( Somethin ' to ' tock about ) [ stoats singing backup ]
Let 's give 'em somethin ' to ' tock about
( Somethin ' to ' tock about ) [ hamsters singing backup ]
Let 's give 'em somethin ' to ' tock about
How 'bout buttoooocks ?
I feel so foolish , I never noticed
Your ' tocks are bulbous , could you be posin ' for me ?
It took this website to make me wonder ,
Now I 'm convinced that I 'm goin ' under .
Thinkin ' ' bout 'em every day ,
Dreamin ' ' bout 'em every night .
I 'm hopin ' that they feel the same way ,
But that 's impossible — ' tocks can't have feelin 's darlin !
Let 's give 'em somethin ' to ' tock about
( Somethin ' to ' tock about ) [ frogs singing backup ]
A little mystery to figure out
( Somethin ' to ' tock about ) [ baby seals singing backup ]
Let 's give 'em somethin ' to ' tock about
How 'bout buttoooooooocks ?
Let 's give 'em somethin ' to ' tock about babe ,
A little bee butt to figure out .
Let 's give 'em somethin ' to ' tock about ,
How 'bout buttooooooocks ?
Ooh ...
Listen to 'em baby
( Somethin ' to ' tock about ) [ frogs singing backup again ]
A little tailio wo n't hurt 'em
( Somethin ' to ' tock about ) [ baboons singing backup ]
Let 's give 'em somethin ' to ' tock about
How about love , love , spots , and love
Whoowhoo mmmm hey oohh whoowhoo
About love , love , love , love
How about they ' tock about it ?
uh huh
' Tock about love ........
Apologies to Bonnie Raitt .
Take a bow , ' Tocktober !
Excellent pic spotting , Chief Sister Officuh .
Turtle ' Tocks by Kasey S. , Bun'Tocks by Debra R. , elephant log ' tocks by Sheri , Frog ' Tocks by Mary Jo E. , Sprawled Bunneh ' Tocks by Heather R. , French Bulldog ' Tocks photo by Carolyn M. sent in by Carolyn C. NBC ' Tocks by Elena A. , Bee ' Tockage by Uncle Andrew , Alpaca Night ' Tocks by Julie K. , Duck !
Duck !
' Tocks ! by Melissa S. , Pan -' Tocks by Roxanne S. , Giraffe ' Tocks by Kellene F. , ' Phant ' Tocks Sent in by Kate E. taken by Carolyn G.
McCain ’s offering to have the government buy bad mortgages is bold , sweeping and a bit perplexing .
Critics slam McCain housing plan
John McCain ’s surprise policy offering Tuesday night to have the government buy bad mortgages is bold , sweeping and , well , a bit perplexing to nearly everyone .
From economic experts to political pundits , from liberals to conservatives , the proposal has been greeted with a collective sense of puzzlement that is raising questions not only about the substance of the plan , but of the seeming hastiness surrounding its rollout .
Advertisement
The few details available about McCain ’s American Homeownership Resurgence Plan give the impression the plan is “ half - baked , ” according to Larry Sabato , director of the University of Virginia ’s Center for Politics .
“ If you ’re launching a major new initiative , usually you blitz the cable networks and really try to penetrate the public consciousness .
I did n’t see that today , ” he said Wednesday .
“ It would really frighten me if he actually thought this was good policy , ” said Dan Mitchell , a senior fellow at the libertarian Cato Institute .
“ I assume that it ’s nothing but a desperation ploy ” to show they are doing something “ big and bold , ” he said .
“ It seems hastily put together … given the lack of detail , specificity and overlap with existing programs , ” added a Republican financial services lobbyist .
Indeed , McCain ’s announcement was accompanied by a fact sheet that raised almost as many questions as it answered .
The campaign did post and e-mail a background document Tuesday night following the debate describing the plan , but it lacked specifics about how the program would work , exactly who would be eligible and how many people would be helped .
The ambiguity — and McCain ’s failure to return to the subject and further elaborate on the initiative in the debate — afforded Democrats an opportunity to dismiss the plan right out of the gate .
Obama supporter Sen. Claire McCaskill ( D - Mo. ) told Fox News after the debate it felt “ a little bit like another Hail Mary . ”
The McCain campaign tweaked the document overnight Tuesday in a slight but very significant way , removing a single sentence that indicated the government would buy mortgages from lenders at a discounted rate .
The McCain campaign said the plan did not change and they merely edited out “ language [ that ] was mistakenly included in the initial draft . ”
Nonetheless , with the sentence gone , the plan morphed into a shifting of $ 300 billion worth of losses to the taxpayers .
It became clear Wednesday as the campaign talked about the plan that McCain is proposing that the Treasury purchase bad mortgages at face value even though sliding home prices mean many homes are worth far less than what the government would pay for original mortgages .
The plan is to retire the original mortgage and issue the homeowner a new , 30 - year fixed - rate loan at interest rates just above 5 percent from the Federal Housing Administration .
The shortfall between the new mortgage and the cost of the older , more expensive one would come from taxpayers .
The new detail caused many experts to question whether the $ 300 billion price tag is too low .
And while the McCain campaign pitched the plan as a fast - acting solution , some experts said that the administration of a homeowner - by - homeowner program would be extremely complicated — and therefore likely slow - moving — and much more cumbersome than dealing with larger institutions .
A campaign conference call with reporters Wednesday morning revealed that the campaign still does n’t have all the details worked out .
When asked how many people the plan would help , McCain economic adviser Douglas Holtz - Eakin responded that it could aid “ literally millions ” but they did n’t have a precise estimate .
“ The question is how many people are going to pick up the phone . ”
Holtz - Eakin offered only broadest description of who would qualify for the refinancing program .
“ They need to be in a position where they ’re going to be unable to stay in the mortgage , ” he told reporters , saying that includes a homeowner who is “ underwater ” in their mortgage — owing more than the home is currently worth — or facing a future rate reset that would make their payments unaffordable .
“ We ’re going to roll out the specific criteria .
We ’re trying to get sign - offs from the senator on all the details , ” Holtz - Eakin told Politico in a later interview .
When asked when McCain decided to embrace this new housing initiative , Holtz - Eakin said the idea has been evolving since March .
“ We ’ve had different versions of our housing plan , and we ’ve watched the economy and the financial markets evolve , and he has decided it was time to go with the aggressive option , ” he told Politico .
Holtz - Eakin demurred when asked for more specificity about the exact timing of McCain ’s decision , saying , “ We do n’t discuss the internal advising and decision making . ”
The editorial board of the conservative National Review magazine on Thursday rapped McCain for not detailing the borrower criteria , expressing skepticism that he could help “ millions ” without lowering standards to reckless levels .
An earlier proposal championed by Rep. Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) to stem foreclosures — a plan the magazine opposed — “ looks downright prudent compared to what McCain has proposed , ” the editors wrote .
The Obama campaign gleefully e-mailed the editorial to reporters .
“ Without specifics as to what they plan on doing and how they plan on acquiring [ the mortgages ] , it ’s hard to mesh the various numbers that are being pushed around , ” said Andrew Jakabovics , a housing expert at the Democratic - oriented Center for American Progress .
In March — the start - date of his evolution on the subject — McCain gave a major speech on the housing crisis , the first comprehensive articulation of his views .
While several Democratic primary contenders had offered proposals to aid struggling homeowners , McCain counseled against strong government intervention and offered a harsh assessment of the role of borrowers in creating the mess , as well as lenders .
“ [ I ]t is not the duty of government to bail out and reward those who act irresponsibly , whether they are big banks or small borrowers .
Government assistance to the banking system should be based solely on preventing systemic risk that would endanger the entire financial system and the economy , ” he said .
Less than a month later , McCain outlined his HOME plan , which would help certain subprime borrowers refinance into affordable fixed - rate loans , though he continued to insist that no taxpayer money should go to help speculators or market participants who failed to perform their “ due diligence . ”
The HOME proposal looked very similar to one being hammered out at the time by congressional Democrats , led by Frank .
The congressional version , which allowed the FHA to refinance up to $ 300 billion worth of mortgages , became law in late July .
McCain did not offer his " Resurgence " plan or any new proposals during negotiations on the $ 700 billion bailout .
McCain now believes the crisis is such that the government needs to reach more homeowners than the congressional program , said Holtz - Eakin .
Experts expect that plan to only help about 400,000 homeowners .
“ We just think that as conditions have evolved , we ’ve got to have a more effective program , ” he said .
Having the government buy original loans and refinance them directly “ will be a much quicker process ” than the congressional program , he said .
“ It will also be broader in scale because it wo n’t require the voluntary participation [ of lenders ] , and it will be more effective in stabilizing financial markets . ”
The McCain plan also relies on existing powers — including the $ 300 billion refinancing authority granted in the congressional bill — and therefore would n't require new legislation .
In contrast with McCain ’s plan , however , that congressional program requires lenders and mortgage investors to reduce the mortgage principal to about 90 percent of the home ’s current value , thereby taking a pretty significant loss on the loan .
Lawmakers contended that the arrangement protects taxpayers and reduces so - called “ moral hazard ” — the risk that government intervention would lead lenders to believe they would always be rescued from their bad business decisions .
To make sure homeowners were n’t let off the hook , the law required them to share any future profits from the resale of their homes with the government .
“ Clearly we face the tradeoff that we would in fact be taking the negative equity position and putting it on the taxpayers ’ books instead of putting it on the private lenders ’ books or the homeowners ’ books , ” Holtz - Eakin said .
“ We think the balance of risk has shifted to the point where this is the way to go . ”
Sabato said McCain ’s housing surprise fits within a larger pattern of trying to gain traction as the market woes dominate the campaign .
“ They ’re lurching from one subject to another hoping to change the subject from the economy , or from the Democratic aspects of the economic crisis .
That ’s all , ” he said
Some observers , however , see real merit in the proposal even if they were n’t the loudest voices Wednesday .
Conservative financial scholar Alex J. Pollock of the American Enterprise Institute said he was not bothered by the lack of specifics at this stage .
" Ideas go from the general to the specific , not the other way around , ” he said .
And while he is n’t ready to judge the merit of McCain ’s proposal , he is one conservative who supports the general proposition that lenders and borrowers need a bailout .
“ When you get into the bust and the panic , you have to do things that you ’d rather not do , and that ’s where we are .
And I think that ’s what Sen. McCain has understood with this proposal . ”
Lisa Lerer contributed to this report .
Any one of us who has had a friend or family member slip into the mental decline of age - related dementia or the early signs of Alzheimer 's , recognize those alarming early symptoms , which are the predictors of what is to come .
The victims often have a characteristic vacant look in their eyes and seem to avoid direct eye contact with others .
As we all watched during the first presidential debate and in interviews later , John McCain has begun to exhibit these tell - tell symptoms , as well as other noticeable signs which include erratic behavior , a lack of judgment skills , barely controlled anger , memory lapses and even total confusion .
These symptoms are tragic for anyone to have to deal with , yet most of those who are affected are already retired , or after the symptoms become noticeable to others are soon forced to retire .
It is very unusual for one of these senior citizens to take on a more demanding job at this most precarious time in his or her life .
Those of us who closely follow politics have watched as the once quick - witted John McCain has become distracted and confused .
He lacks the ability to think and respond quickly to even the most straight - forward questions .
This should have American voters terribly concerned .
McCain , once credited with being a foreign policy expert , can no longer claim that advantage , and chalking it all up to having an occasional " senior moment " just wo n't cut it any longer .
He has repeatedly confused the Sunni and Shia in Iraq and can't remember which group is helped by Iran or which would be potentially members of al Qaeda .
He even thinks that Iraq and Pakistan share a common border .
And he is constantly confused about how many American troops remain in Iraq after the " surge , " and is rather unsure about whether the U.S. will be able to maintain a long - term presence in that country or not .
He really is n't sure if we need more troops in Afghanistan , although the U.S. military seems to be very clear about that necessity .
In addition to this confusion , McCain thinks that the recent conflict between Georgia and Russia was probably the first serious crisis , internationally , since the Cold War .
He believes that Czechoslovakia is still a country and says so .
He does not know that there is a difference between Somalia and Sudan .
After a recent trip to Germany , he referred to the leader there as President Putin of Germany .
He is also very confused about America 's relationship with Spain and its current leader Zapatero .
He was clearly oblivious to the fact that Spain is a U.S. ally , as well as a member of NATO .
He did n't seem to realize that Spain is located in Europe and not in South America as he indicated that it was .
For John McCain to just make a few foreign policy gaffes as a presidential candidate is alarming enough , but when each day the list grows longer , it becomes more disturbing , and the reasons why we should question John McCain 's qualifications to be president this time around becomes clearer and clearer .
On top of his obvious decline in cognitive skills , McCain over the last decade has suffered terribly from major health problems .
He has had four separate bouts with the most deadly form of skin cancer - melanoma .
The fact that he had surgeries to remove them each time does n't preclude the fact that very often this type of cancer either recurs or spreads .
McCain always trots out his 95 year - old mother Roberta to try to validate his family history of longevity .
He never mentions the fact that his father died suddenly of a heart attack at the age of 61 , or that his grandfather succumbed to the same fate at the age of 70 , younger than he is today .
These two latter examples may be more of an accurate predictor of his own health , since he is a male .
As people age , they typically are prone to more health problems and age - related memory and cognitive deficits get worse not better over time .
The job of President is demanding and difficult and can be both mentally as well as physically challenging .
At the age of 72 , the elderly John McCain no longer possesses the required qualifications for office .
This moment in our country 's history is not the time when we can take chances and hope for the best when choosing our next president , particularly when John McCain showed a total lack of judgment by putting the incompetent Sarah Palin a heartbeat away from taking over in the Oval Office .
From chic symmetry to nature - inspired futurism , fireplaces have evolved from earthy hearths to state - of - the - art conversation pieces .
Glass , metal and remote control gas take on an eco-conscious dimension as log burning is relegated to the ash heap .
1. Rotating Fireplace :
Complete with optional remote control , this futuristic rotating fireplace from Spartherm radiates warmth to every corner of the room like a sun in the solar system .
Running on gas , the Diva can be rotated at the touch of a button and doubles up as a stove .
[ via : spartherm ]
2. Oakland Wall Fireplace :
Besides the visual impact , the unique asymmetrical design of this fireplace makes a cosy home fire a visual feast .
The enameled front of lava stone comes in a range of bright colors to tempt your inner artist to greater heights .
[ via : brisach ]
3. Design Fireplace :
Inspired by nature , the floral chic marble surround of this fireplace combines serious and frivolous elements .
Both austere and fun at the same time , the rectangular shape makes for plenty of fire space and eye candy at the same time .
Chazelles ’ juxtaposition of warm and cold elements makes for an interesting dichotomy for every stylish living room .
[ via : chazelles ]
4. Magritte by MCZ :
Made entirely from brushed Silva Oro , this semi built - in chimney fireplace contains the heat inside transparent cover , creating the illusion of a lively television screen .
The sleek , chic design is built for 90° corners and can be fitted to left or right sides of a wall unit .
Available in two dimensions : Forma 77 : 170x96x80 cm ; Forma 98 : 190x85x80 cm . [ via : mcz ]
5. Vauni Ethanol Fireplace :
A free - standing , chimney - free hearth , this globe - shaped fireplace rotates at a 360 - degree axis , so you can see it from any part of the room .
Powered by ethanol , which enable you to refill and adjust the flames to the level of your choosing without any soot or ash to clean up afterwards .
[ via : vauni ]
6. Travelmate Mobile Fireplace :
Fret no more , if you do n’t have a chimney and want the possibility of fire in every room during winter .
This smokeless fireplace , ignited by means of a weather - resistant powder coating , has a magnetic glass frame which enables the size of the flames to be regulated from the outside .
At just 20 inches high , you can move your fire wherever the mood takes you please and have no guilt about carbon emissions .
[ via : conmoto ]
7. Vogue wood stove :
Enclosed by a large , curved window , the flames in Austroflam ’s futuristic invention seem to burn forever .
A heat memory system ensures that fuel consumption is reduced and heat stored for longer than most .
[ via : austroflamm ]
8. Tabletop Fireplace :
Designed by Gido Wahrmann for Carl Mertens , this diminutive hearth is a clever mimic of two lighted logs .
The ‘ logs ’ are tiny stainless steel lamps , mounted on a 10 ″ x 14 ″ slate base , and the flames use oil for fuel .
Whoever thought campfire songs could n’t take place round the dinner table ?
[ via : greenergrassdesign ]
9. Glass Fireplace :
Using wood or gas as a medium , this stylish open glass fireplace is designed to open the mind and expand living space stylishly .
Enclosed by four glass panels to eliminate smoke in the atmosphere , the fireplace can be turned on and off by remote control .
The gas burner has three safety stops , a regulated lighting system at the base and a glass plateau with a mirror underneath .
Simple and Zen , this design comes in pyramid or rectangular shape , with clear or tinted glass .
[ via : bloch design ]
10 . FilioFocus :
Atelier Dominique Imbert ’s minimalist work of art can be free - standing or wall - mounted and uses either wood or gas as fuel options .
The fireplace gives a feeling of a great open fire with a conic furnace and the free - standing fireplace is aesthetic and functional at the same time .
Glass and steel combine to create an interesting interaction between serenity and action .
Sheer genius .
[ via : focus creation ]
11 . Modern Fireplace :
For the ultimate in functional modernity , check out Edilkamin ’s three geometric designs : the Art Acciaio , the Art Wenge and the Kubik .
Solid and simple , each fireplace is integrated as focal point into a furniture unit as effortlessly as the storage shelves which complement it .
Choose according to the mood of your room : while the Art Acciaio has a coating of satin steel , the Art Wenge is entirely covered in wenge wood and the Kubik has a painted surface of steel grey anthracite .
[ via : edilkamin ]
12 . Cyclone :
A mesmerizing cross between a natural and synthetic fire , the Cyclone Gas Fireplace makes the fire a key decorative element of the home .
Emitting only 15,000 BTUs , the Cyclone Gas Fire is both fuel - efficient and practical , while offering a unique twisted flame display at the same time .
Operable by remote control , the Cyclone System comes as a preassembled surround in either a brushed copper or brushed nickel finish and offers a 360 degree view .
[ via : heatnglo ]
13 . Radium & Scandium :
Emulating a plasma television screen , Radium and Scandium catalytic vent - free gas fireplaces are especially designed for lofts or rooms where ventilation ca n’t be installed .
Using catalytic converter technology , which means hot air is cleaned as it leaves the combustion chamber , these slim vent - free gas fireplaces can be installed anywhere where a gas line is available .
[ via : lennoxhearthproducts ]
14 . Planika Fireplace :
An immaculate example of fire without smoke , the portable Planika contains flickering flames in designs of glass to create an inspiring focal point in any room you choose .
Ideal if you do n’t have a chimney or vent , it eliminates odour , soot and smoke and generates little more than carbon dioxide similar to a human ’s breath .
The circular design , which fits into a pre-cut coffee table or trolley , makes an interesting decor item .
[ via : planikafires ]
15 . Home Flame Collection :
Made of double - skin stainless steel , with a ceramic sponge in the middle , this patented combustion chamber creates a large , even set of flames and ensures that the very last drop of bio-ethanol burns .
The ingenious combustion chamber can also be placed in any fireproof container and creates state - of - the - art elegance when placed in objects like Michael Rösing has developed .
[ via : radius design ]
16 . Greed For Quiet :
A glorious indoor take on the campfire , Greed For Quiet is both a fire pit and piece of furniture .
Surrounded by wood planks supporting five chairs , the star - like design creates the impression of floating .
Each “ chair blade ” is able to rotate around the fire pit to a desired position .
The focal point , which does n’t look unlike a giant fondue , is fitted with a chimney piece to ensure all the smoke is eliminated .
[ via : useful fruit ]
By Tim Hirsch
BBC News , Sao Paulo
Brazil 's disappearing rainforests have long been of concern
The Brazilian government has pledged to end net deforestation by 2015 .
It is one of the key commitments in a draft climate change plan , which stops short of setting specific targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions .
The plan - setting out how Brazil will help prevent climate change , and how it will adapt to it - was promised nearly a year ago by President Lula .
But the environmental group Greenpeace criticised it for simply highlighting existing proposals .
It said the draft did not explain how they would be brought into action .
Aggressive plan
In the provisional version which will go for public consultation before being finalised , no specific targets are set for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions amongst Brazil 's industrial sectors .
But with deforestation accounting for 75 % of the country 's emission , it sets out a timetable to reduce forest loss to a point where by 2015 , more Brazilian trees are being planted than are cut down .
According to the Environment Minister Carlos Minc , this will be possible through an aggressive programme of restoring native forests , as well as further crackdowns on illegal logging .
Other measures outlined in the document are incentives to improve energy efficiency and to encourage renewable energy sources such as wind power .
BERLIN , Germany ( CNN ) --
His phone number was published in a German phone directory -- Rafid Alwan , whose claims that Saddam Hussein was producing biological agents helped launch the Iraq war .
Rafid Alwan says he wants to return to Iraq to work for his people and his country .
He was reluctant to speak on the record , initially denying he was Iraqi or that he was the defector dubbed " Curveball " by the CIA .
But eight months after we first contacted him , Alwan agreed to an interview , and we met in an anonymous hotel room in a southern German town .
Trying to get details from him was difficult -- he spoke at length , often launching into a flowery history of Iraq or a description of Hussein 's crimes , and in Arabic , which meant we had to wait after each answer for a translation .
We spoke for more than three hours , Alwan sitting across the room from me , wearing a stylish black suit .
But in the end , he had n't said very much at all .
In the run-up to the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003 , Secretary of State Colin Powell delivered a dramatic presentation to the U.N. Security Council .
The United States had first - hand accounts , he said , detailing how Hussein was secretly creating biological agents using mobile laboratories in " road - trailer units and rail cars . "
As slides depicting drawings of the supposed germ labs flashed on a big screen in the Security Council 's chamber , Powell drove his point home :
" The source is an eyewitness , an Iraqi chemical engineer , who supervised one of these facilities . "
Just days after Powell 's presentation , U.N. weapons inspectors presented evidence they said disproved those claims .
But six weeks later , on March 20 , 2003 , the United States launched its invasion , toppling Hussein 's government in three weeks but locking itself in a war against an insurgency that has cost more than 4,000 American lives .
Do n't Miss
No biological weapons , no germ labs , no weapons of mass destruction of any kind were found in Iraq after the invasion .
Curveball -- Rafid Alwan -- remained in hiding in Germany , where he had been interviewed by the German intelligence service , the BND .
Subsequent U.S. investigations into the intelligence failure around the claims found that German intelligence considered the defector " crazy " and " out of control , " while friends said he was a " liar . "
And , it turned out , the CIA not only never spoke with him , it never even saw transcripts of the German interviews , only the Germans ' analysis of the interviews .
Alwan brought with him to our meeting documents to prove his identity , certificates saying he has a degree in chemical engineering from Technical University in Baghdad and a student ID card from a German college .
Multiple intelligence sources told CNN that the man we spoke with was , indeed , Curveball .
But Alwan told us he never told the BND that Iraq was producing weapons of mass destruction , and he said many other things said about him were false .
" There are many wrong statements made about me , and I want to declare it one by one .
I have documents proving that everything said about me is false , " he said .
" No , " he said , " I never told anyone Saddam Hussein was producing weapons of mass destruction . "
When I pressed him about Powell 's use of his information , Alwan said in German with an Arabic accent , " That is Colin Powell 's problem . "
He said that as long as he is living in Germany , he will never tell the full story of what information he passed on to the BND .
" It is not true that I am the only person who said things about Iraq , " he said .
" There are so many other people who gave information as well .
Right now I am trying to protect my children .
They have been through hard times with me . "
And then Alwan got nervous .
He wiped his face often and lit a new cigarette after almost every question .
He seemed uncomfortable in front of the camera .
Alwan had brought with him a second man , introduced only as " Mr. Ali . "
Mr. Ali was also wearing a flashy suit with a peach - colored shirt , and he seemed to be coaching Alwan , making strange signals behind my back .
As I talked to Alwan , I could feel the wind from Mr. Ali frantically waving his arms .
Whenever Alwan began to offer details , Mr. Ali made a time out signal with his hands , and Alwan stopped talking .
When he was n't prevented from talking by Mr. Ali , Alwan answered questions in a roundabout manner , sometimes backtracking and correcting himself , sometimes telling completely different stories in the same sentence .
Alwan came to Germany in 1999 seeking asylum and was picked up by the German intelligence service , which questioned him .
According to intelligence sources , Alwan told the BND that Hussein had a secret biological weapons program , and that the cover was a seed purification plant in Djerf al Nadaf , a site just north of Baghdad , where mobile weapons labs in truck trailers would pick up the biological agents .
It begs the question : How could the BND and CIA trust Alwan 's information with the stakes so high ?
While he provided little detail during our interview , Alwan insisted that Hussein was producing weapons of mass destruction , and that he had worked on one of the weapons projects .
Norbert Juretzko , a former BND officer who is familiar with the Curveball case , now criticizes the German intelligence service for its handling of the matter .
The BND wanted so badly to believe Alwan , Juretzko said , that the case officers did n't notice inconsistencies in his story .
" He was put under pressure by the BND : ' Tell us something , ' " Juretzko said .
" They were desperate for something .
They gave him money , privileges , a visa and the like .
And so this man used his imagination to get all these things . "
Alwan , however , claims he was never " an agent or spy for any intelligence agencies in the world .
And I never got paid by anyone . "
Tyler Drumheller , the CIA 's station chief in Europe at the time , said he tried to warn his superiors at the agency about using Curveball 's information .
Drumheller said he thinks the Curveball case is one of the lowest points in the history of the CIA , but he does not believe Alwan was at fault .
" He was driven by his own self - preservation , and then he got caught up in the story he was telling , and then he just had to keep going , " Drumheller said .
Bob Drogin , who wrote about the case in " Curveball : Lies , Spies , and a Con Man Who Caused a War , " called the episode " arguably the biggest intelligence failure in history . "
" Never before have we gone to war on the basis of such an utter and complete fraud , " Drogin said .
" After 9/11 , what we heard from the authorities was that they had failed to connect the dots that led to that scandal .
In this case , they made up the dots . "
But Alwan made clear in our meeting that he does not feel remorse .
He said he wants to return to Iraq to work for his people and his country .
And , he said , he feels the Iraq war was justified .
" I feel that America offered to Iraq what no other country can offer to Iraq , " he said near the end of the interview .
" America sacrificed its people and its money and its position to free a dictatorial country . "
All About Iraq War • Saddam Hussein
Let it be known that anyone interested in 8,000 words about Billy Mitchell , the world champion of Pac Man , Donkey Kong , Burgertime , and many other arcade games , need look no further than the July issue of Harper 's , where an article about such appears .
Perhaps you are thinking : but my Harper 's subscription ran out and since it's now August the July issue is long gone from stands !
This is true .
Which is why the article is available HERE AS A PDF .
And my apologies for being about six weeks behind on my mostly non-operative blog .
This article was many years in the making , and was begun long before I wound up working on King of Kong .
( BTW : King of Kong fans , rejoice !
There is another whole dimension to the competitive classic gaming realm to be found here . )
But the article came out while I happened to be out of the country getting married !
This was also many years in the making and even more exciting , and so Billy Mitchell appearing in Harper 's sort of snuck past me .
But do n't let my momentary inattention fool you : this is likely the most readable and entertaining look at the metaphysical implications of competitive Pac Man yet to appear !
Slate 's endorsement : " Best Culture Piece " of the month .
And for whetting appetites , here is a special bonus feature slide show :
Billy in Top Form
Level 256
Galaga 's Kill Screen ( the profundity of which will become clear on page 4 of the article )
The Holy Grail
A cousin of John McCain ’s writes that the Republican candidate has changed of late , and not for the good .
A part of me is made very sad to write this article .
As I ’ve said , my family has followed John ’s life and career with no absence of pride .
If there ever were a Republican we might consider voting for , it would have been my cousin John .
But , as he continually demonstrates in this campaign , my cousin John is long gone .
“ Straight talk ” has been replaced with “ flip - flop . ”
Saddest of all , this is the same man who , when campaigning in 2000 , told a crowd of supporters , “ I do n’t think Bill Gates needs a tax cut .
I think your parents do . ”
My parents , John , need some help after the economic destruction Bush has wrought in the last eight years , but it ’s clear you ’re not the one who ’ll give it to us .
America ’s working families no longer recognize you , nor does your own .
By M Ilyas Khan
BBC News , Karachi
The ' war on terror ' has created fissures between Pakistan and US
" I am not convinced we are winning in Afghanistan .
I am convinced we can , " the US chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Admiral Mike Mullen , said at a Congressional briefing on 10 September .
The statement came less than two weeks after he held a secret meeting with Pakistani army chief , Gen Ashfaq Pervez Kayani , aboard a US aircraft carrier in the Indian Ocean .
It now appears that the military leaderships of the two countries failed in that meeting to evolve a shared vision of where the US - led " war on terror " should be going .
On 3 September , US special forces conducted their first ground assault on a suspected al - Qaeda target in Pakistan 's South Waziristan region .
Since then , suspected US missiles fired either from inside Afghanistan or from CIA - operated Predator drones have hit at least five targets inside Pakistani territory .
This spate of attacks comes amid reports that US President George Bush authorised unilateral ground action in Pakistani tribal areas two months ago .
The Pakistani army has raised questions over this new strategy , stating that the rules of engagement do not allow foreign troops to operate on Pakistani soil .
It has also warned of " retaliation to protect our citizens and soldiers against aggression " .
And now there has been another incident in South Waziristan , with local officials saying Pakistani troops fired warning shots to stop US soldiers crossing the border from Afghanistan .
Coming to blows ?
Meanwhile , talk - show hosts of Pakistan 's powerful electronic media are whipping up anti-US sentiments amid suggestions that war against militancy is not " our war " and that Pakistan should formulate a " matching " response to US attacks .
The ' war on terror ' has brought only misery for many
So are the two top allies in the " war on terror " in danger of coming to blows with each other ?
If unilateral US attacks continue , warns defence analyst Dr Hasan Askari Rizvi , " the military commanders and major political circles will build strong pressure on the civilian government to downgrade cooperation with the US , and target American drones " .
The general view is that if the Pakistani government ever goes to that extreme , it would be on the assumption that the Americans cannot fight Islamic militants without the logistical support offered by Pakistan .
Few in Pakistan believe though , that its political or military leadership would risk an outright confrontation with Washington .
In an editorial comment on Sunday , Pakistan 's influential Dawn newspaper wrote , " we have no choice but to tackle the issue diplomatically " .
But even this will require a hard sell , analysts say .
A core American belief is that elements within the Pakistani intelligence apparatus have been funding the Taleban and offering them intelligence on coalition troop movements .
The new civilian government which took power in March has inherited the problem of extended militant sanctuaries on its north - western borders which mostly emerged due to some questionable policies pursued by the military regime of former president Pervez Musharraf .
" I still have no answers as to why the proposed reforms to religious seminaries were not carried out by the Musharraf regime , or why some religious groups were promoted out of proportion to their political or spiritual clout , " says Najmuddin Shaikh , a former foreign secretary .
Whatever the legacy of President Musharraf , Dr Askari argues that the new government 's efforts " to contain the activities of Islamist groups and parties , which often act as political front for militants , have received a setback due to American raids " .
It is now under pressure to placate anti-American hawks in the political establishment as well as an army which is known to harbour political ambitions at home and security interests in Afghanistan .
' Our problem '
And what about the Americans ?
American attacks on Pakistani soil have angered many
They may give in to their growing impatience to win the war against militants before the US presidential elections later this year by more attacks on Pakistani territory .
The danger is that they may weaken the very forces that could turn the war against extremists into a popular war supported by most Pakistani citizens .
Or they might choose to stand back and give the new government more time to confront the militants on its own terms .
Najmuddin
Shaikh is among those who believe that Pakistanis are only now beginning to realise the magnitude of the threat the militant 's pose to the state of Pakistan .
" For the first time , all centres of power in Pakistan appear to be moving towards a recognition that this is our problem and we have to tackle it , " he says .
" The Americans need to identify this opportunity , and allow it enough time to run its course . "
He also says the Taleban are not as popular in the tribal areas as they are made out to be .
People have accepted them because they were abandoned by the government .
" You need only to assure the people that you are with them , and the change will come much more quickly , " he says .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
We can kind of get behind cats ’ eye contact lenses , and we wonder why nobody has yet invented the mirror contact lens , but this Eye Jewelry from Amsterdamer Eric Klarenbeek can only be described as eye - watering .
Dangly pendants affixed to suction cups , the hanging , tear - like eye - rings creep us out like nothing else we have seen this week .
Klarenbeek actually began this project back in 2005 .
That we have n’t seen any of these in shops shows just how impractical they might be .
The video above features , judging by the excellent Nine Inch Nails soundtrack , a newer version of this ocular torture device .
We ’re pretty sure this would n’t be dangerous — one tug and it would pull right out — but imagine the discomfort of blinking .
A single stray eyelash is enough to have my eyes streaming like those of an emotional mother at a wedding .
A length of fishing line hanging from my mince pies would be insufferable .
Product page [ Eric Klarenbeek via the Giz ]
This month ’s British Journal of Psychiatry has a fascinating essay by psychiatrist Sean Spence who argues that while most attention has been focused on ‘ smart drugs ’ and cognitive enhancement , medication is already been subtly used to improve ethical behaviour and we should prepare for a revolution in ‘ moral pharmacology ’ .
Spence argues that the cognitive enhancement debate has an undertone of smarter = better , but that people with high IQs can still conduct atrocities , so perhaps we need to start thinking about focusing on ‘ humane drugs ’ rather than ‘ smart drugs ’ .
Crucially , the argument does not concern medicating people against their will , an area of constant moral debate .
Spence is talking about people taking medication willingly , knowing that it will improve their future behaviour towards others and improving their social responsibility .
Recent considerations of the ethics of cognitive enhancement have specifically excluded consideration of social cognitions ( such as empathy , revenge or deception ) , on the grounds that they are less amenable to quantification .
Nevertheless , it would be regrettable if this limitation entirely precluded consideration of what must be an important question for humanity : can pharmacology help us enhance human morality ?
Might drugs not only make us smarter but also assist us in becoming more ‚ Äòhumane ‚ Äô ?
When voiced in such a way , this proposal can sound absurd , not least since we may suspect that such mental manipulation would render us ‚ Äòartificially ‚
Äô moral .
Where would be the benefit of being kinder or more humane as a consequence of medication ?
This is an understandable ( though reflexive ) response .
However , if we stop to consider what is actually happening in certain psychiatric settings , then we may begin to interrogate this proposal more systematically .
I shall argue that within many clinical encounters there may already be a subtle form of moral assistance going on , albeit one that we do not choose to describe in these terms .
I argue that we are already deploying certain medications in a way not totally dissimilar to the foregoing proposal : whenever humans knowingly use drugs as a means to improving their future conduct .
For example , someone who may be prone to impulsive actions may take a medication to make them less likely to take irresponsible decisions , or perhaps decides on a drug that reduces their level of aggression .
Indeed , this is part of what psychiatrists assist with at the moment , but Spence suggests that the moral aspect is often couched purely in medical terms when it is clear we need to consider morality to fully make sense of the ethical implications .
Link to essay ‘ Can pharmacology help enhance human morality ?’.
Link to PubMed entry for same .
Inhofe asks if Obama " really loves his country "
The Tulsa World catches global warming skeptic Sen. Jim Inhofe ( R - Okla . ) saying that John McCain will probably win because voters do n't think Obama is a true patriot .
" Do you really want to have a guy as commander in chief of this country when you can question whether or not he really loves his country ? "
Inhofe asked in an interview with the paper .
" That 's the big question . ''
An Obama spokesman did n't like the sound of that , firing back : " Sen . Obama wo n't let anyone question his love of this country .
...
Challenging your opponent 's patriotism to win an election is the type of cynical partisan politics Americans are tired of . "
Inhofe , realizing he may have gone a little too far , issued a written statement on Friday saying he was " not questioning " Obama 's patriotism .
Then he more or less said it again , adding an explanation .
" [ Y ] ou have to question why at times he seems so obviously opposed to public displays of patriotism and national pride , like wearing an American flag lapel pin , " Inhofe added .
This is n't the first time the 73 - year - old conservative has thrown a verbal bomb .
He 's said he 's " outraged by the outrage " over the Abu Ghraib prison scandal and , in 2006 , chalked up the global warming crisis to " the media , Hollywood elites and our pop culture . "
Glenn
Thrush is senior staff writer at Politico Magazine .
I have been a customer of A - Gem Supply for over 40 years .
They have always been the go - to supplier for all of the hard to find parts and pieces for obscure electronic projects .
The staff knows their stuff and they are always very helpful .
They carry an unmatched assortment of hard to find components .
This little " GEM " is one of the few left of the hands on electronic parts suppliers .
With four of the nine Supreme Court justices supporting the Roe vs .
Wade decision , and at least one of those , Justice John Paul Stevens , likely nearing retirement ( he is 88 years old ) , this presidential election may hold the fate of Roe v.
Wade in its hands .
Today , in a fascinating article , the LA Times examines whether now , more than ever , there is a real threat to Roe vs. Wade .
Over the last eight years , reproductive rights advocates and legal scholars have warned of a time when the legal right to abortion on a federal level may soon disappear .
But , as the LA Times reports , this time “ they may be right . ”
With four of the nine Supreme Court justices supporting the Roe vs .
Wade decision , and at least one of those , Justice John Paul Stevens , likely nearing retirement ( he is 88 years old ) , this presidential election may hold the fate of Roe v.
Wade in its hands .
“ Clearly , Roe is on the line this time , ” said Indiana University law professor Dawn Johnsen , a former lawyer for NARAL Pro-Choice America .
“ It is quite clear they have four votes against it .
If the next president appoints one more , the odds are it will be overruled . ”
Sex . Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
As many as three justices who support Roe vs .
Wade may step down during the next presidential administration leaving the fate of the decision hanging by a thread .
However , as the article reports , many just do n’t take the threat seriously :
Some advocates worry that the perennial cries of “ Roe is falling ” has had the effect of muting such claims .
The article goes on to discuss how , despite the potential attack on Roe vs .
Wade , neither presidential candidate has made the issue a central focus of their campaign .
The truth is , while neither of the candidates need to in order to win over the critical uncommitted or undecided voters , they should .
The LA Times quotes Wendy Long , a former Justice Thomas clerk , as stating that overturning Roe vs .
Wade would not automatically criminalize abortion but rather send the decision to the states to legislate the issue :
“ I think the consensus is Roe will fall slowly and incrementally , not in one decision , ” says Wendy Long , a former Thomas clerk and counsel to the Judicial Confirmation Network .
“ And the day after Roe is reversed , abortion still will not be illegal , ” she said , “ since many states would not outlaw it . ”
But , as Donna Crane with NARAL Pro-Choice America has written for this site , as many as 23 states would automatically criminalize abortion if Roe vs .
Wade were overturned .
This would certainly lead to a public health crisis , the blood of which would be on the hands of those responsible for overturning the decision .
As well , Roe vs .
Wade is the basis for all rights of women to autonomy and to control the fate of their lives and their families ’ lives .
The other reason the presidential candidates do n’t highlight Roe vs Wade in their campaigning , however , is because the majority of Americans support the Supreme Court decision .
The decision carefully weighs the interests of the woman and the fetus , ensuring that a pregnant woman holds the right to sever the connection between herself and her fetus until the fetus can live outside of her body .
At that point , the decision is such that the woman may only access an abortion if her life or health are in danger .
Too , Americans already have the opportunity to effectively outlaw abortion in their own states and have attempted to do that to no avail so far .
The truth is , though , that Roe vs .
Wade is a moot point for so many women in this country .
South Dakota , for example , has one abortion provider ( flown in from another state ) for all the women in the state who want or need to access an abortion procedure .
In many cities and towns around the country , abortion is not an option for low income women without health insurance or the means to pay for the procedure .
In yet other states , legislatures acting for supremely political reasons decide that women should not be able to access abortion services unless they sit through government - sponsored speeches ; and physicians are barred from providing medical services unless they recite information with no medical basis , for example .
Tomorrow the U.S. Supreme Court will begin its term , with no abortion related cases on the docket .
But Roe vs.
Wade is a question that may be answered by the next President of the United States .
As the article notes :
Some conservative lawyers agree that a McCain victory would only set the stage for overruling Roe.
Regardless of who wins the White House , Democrats are likely to maintain a majority in the Senate , and they could block a staunchly conservative nominee to the high court .
For a fictional take on what the overturning of Roe vs .
Wade might look like , check out Linda Hirshman ’s , Red State – a serialized novel being published on Tuesdays and Fridays on this site .
The novel explores an imagined post - Roe country and is definitely not a place any of us want to end up .
PM says he is freezing assets of Icelandic companies in the UK in response to ' illegal action they have taken '
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Gordon Brown has told the Icelandic prime minister that he is considering legal action against the country over the collapse of its national banks .
The prime minister said tonight that Iceland 's decision not to recompense those with savings in the bank was " completely unacceptable " and the British government would do " whatever is necessary to recover the money " .
" I 've spoken to the Icelandic prime minister , I have told him this is effectively an illegal action that they have taken .
We are freezing the assets of Icelandic companies in the UK where we can .
We will take further action against the Icelandic authorities where necessary to recover the money .
" We are talking to the local authorities to see what we can do to help them . "
Brown 's comments came after it emerged that the chancellor , Alistair Darling , was to send a team to Iceland to help solve the stricken economy 's financial problems .
The Icelandic PM , Geir Haarde , announced that move after talks with Darling .
He also urged his country to not panic after a third bank toppled today , and he asked the public to hold back from drawing large amounts of money in attempt to salvage their savings .
Such a move would make the country 's situation more difficult , he said .
" I want to emphasise ... that people remain calm and understand that the transaction system is fully functioning and deposits are safe .
" I also ask the public not to withdraw large sums of money from the banks .
It will make things more difficult . "
Haarde also said he had spoken to Darling , who had assured him that transactions between the two countries would return to normal .
Brown said yesterday that the UK government would compensate individual savers with Icesave , and vowed to take legal action against Iceland to recoup any losses .
Unlike Icesave , Kaupthing 's UK accounts were already covered by Britain 's banking guarantee .
But up to 20 UK councils who banked with Icesave could lose millions of pounds because wholesale deposits are not protected .
The Tories have estimated that up to £ 1bn may be at stake .
The LGA has urged the government to guarantee them against any losses , and the prime minister 's official spokesman said the government was willing to discuss the problem with local authorities " to see if we can find a way though " .
" The government does understand the situation that they [ the councils ] are in .
We have had difficulties getting complete clarity from the Icelandic authorities for all UK depositors . "
Pressed on whether the government would extend its guarantee to the Icelandic banks , the spokesman said : " We are trying to extract information from them [ the Icelandic authorities ] about the scale of the deposits .
We need to established what the facts are . "
The financial meltdown in Iceland continued this morning when Kaupthing became the third bank to fall into the hands of the authorities , and trading on the Icelandic stock market was halted .
The Nordic nation 's government also used sweeping new emergency powers to create a new bank that will take over the bulk of the domestic operations of another one of its collapsed banks .
Kaupthing was forced to turn to the country 's financial watchdog after the evaporation of confidence in the Icelandic economy left it unable to keep operating as a private company .
The collapse of Iceland 's biggest bank comes just days after Glitnir and Landsbanki were also nationalised .
Virtually the entire top - heavy Icelandic banking system is now under state control .
Haarde has warned the situation is putting Iceland at risk of " national bankruptcy " .
He acknowledged that the banking sector had " become too big " and said that it will take the tiny Nordic nation of just 320,000 people several years to recover from the current crisis .
Iceland 's whole economy appears on the verge of breakdown , with debts 12 times larger than its GDP .
Its stock exchange was today shut down until Monday , due to the " unusual market conditions " .
Three days ago trading in financial firms was stopped .
Sigurdur Einarsson , executive chairman of Kaupthing , claimed that the company had been performing well just two weeks ago , before the first reports of problems at Glitnir sparked panic .
" Credit rating agencies downgraded their credit ratings for the Icelandic state and the Icelandic banks , and foreign investors unleashed a landslide in which they tried to get rid of Icelandic assets , regardless of how solid they were , " he said .
Einarsson also appeared to lay some of the blame on the UK , claiming that the panic over Landsbanki's Icesave deposit scheme had led to a flood of funds out of Kaupthing Edge , his bank 's UK offering .
Kaupthing 's British operations were placed in administration yesterday by the UK's Financial Services Authority .
Its £ 3bn of deposits were swiftly sold to ING , leaving hundreds of staff fearing for their future .
The crisis at Kaupthing has also forced property tycoon Robert Tchenguiz to sell major stakes in J Sainsbury and Mitchells & Butlers , Britain 's largest pub operator , leaving the billionaire nursing losses estimated to exceed to more than £ 800m .
Ashley Todd Hoax : She Lied , Injuries Self - Inflicted
was THE story of the day on Thursday when the 20 year old McCain volunteer reported that she was robbed near an ATM machine in Bloomfield .
She went on to say that things turned really ugly when the ' perp ' saw the McCain bumper sticker on her car .
That was when she was savagely beaten .
Todd described her attacker as an angry , knife wielding black man and detailed how he beat her and carved a B on her cheek .
Apparently the story did n't pass the smell test with authorities because they began to note some inconsistencies in her story so they administered a polygraph test .
Authorities are now confident in reporting Todd 's story to be a complete hoax .
Pittsburgh police held a news conference this afternoon and reported that Ashley Todd lied about the entire incident and her injuries were self - inflicted .
Check out the story as it was reported yesterday by this website .
One of our writers found the story to be a little ' off ' even when the world was buying into Todd 's saga .
Officials indicate that Ashley Todd faces charges of filing a false report to police .
How To Install OpenOffice.org 3.0.0 On Ubuntu 8.04
Version 1.0
Author : Falko Timme
This guide shows how you can install the new OpenOffice 3.0.0 office suite on your Ubuntu 8.04 desktop .
Your current OpenOffice installation will not be removed unless you uninstall it with Synaptic or on the command line , so you can run both versions in parallel if you like .
I do not issue any guarantee that this will work for you !
1 Installing OpenOffice 3.0.0
Visit http://www.openoffice.org/ and go to the download section ; select the Linux DEB download for your language ...
... and save it to your hard drive ( e.g. on the desktop ) :
After the download has finished , open a terminal ( Applications > Accessories > Terminal ) ...
... and go to the directory where you 've saved OpenOffice 3.0 ( I 've saved it on my desktop , / home / falko / Desktop / ) :
cd /home / falko / Desktop /
Uncompress the archive ...
tar xvfz OOo_3.0.0_LinuxIntel_install_en-US_deb.tar.gz
... and go to the directory that contains all the .deb packages ...
cd OOO300_m9_native_packed-1_en-US.9358/DEBS/
... and install them with one single command :
sudo dpkg - i *.deb
If you have decided to uninstall Ubuntu 's OpenOffice package ( using Synaptic or the command line ) , you can also install the OpenOffice 3.0.0 desktop integration package ( it contains launchers , etc. ) as follows :
cd desktop - integration /
sudo dpkg - i openoffice.org3.0-debian-menus_3.0-9354_all.deb
This works only if you have previously uninstalled Ubuntu's OpenOffice package ( do n't do this if you want to run Ubuntu 's OpenOffice and OpenOffice 3.0.0 in parallel ) !
If you have not , you will see the following error :
[ email protected ] :~/Desktop/OOO300_m9_native_packed-1_en-US.9358/DEBS/desktop-integration$ sudo dpkg - i openoffice.org3.0-debian-menus_3.0-9354_all.deb
[ sudo ] password for falko :
Selecting previously deselected package openoffice.org - debian - menus .
dpkg : regarding openoffice.org3.0-debian-menus_3.0-9354_all.deb containing openoffice.org-debian-menus :
openoffice.org - core conflicts with openoffice.org - unbundled
openoffice.org - debian - menus provides openoffice.org - unbundled and is to be installed .
dpkg : error processing openoffice.org3.0-debian-menus_3.0-9354_all.deb ( -- install ) :
conflicting packages - not installing openoffice.org - debian- menus
Errors were encountered while processing :
openoffice.org3.0-debian-menus_3.0-9354_all.deb
[ email protected ] :~/Desktop/OOO300_m9_native_packed-1_en-US.9358/DEBS/desktop-integration $
After you 've successfully installed the desktop integration package , you can find OpenOffice 3.0.0 launchers under Applications >
Office : AdvertisementAdvertisement
After the installation has finished , you can delete the downloaded archive and the OpenOffice directory :
cd ../../
rm - fr OOO300_m9_native_packed -1_en -US.9358 OOo_3.0.0_LinuxIntel_install_en-US_deb.tar.gz
2 Creating A Launcher
( This is necessary only if you want to run Ubuntu 's OpenOffice package and OpenOffice 3.0.0 in parallel and therefore could not install the OpenOffice desktop integration package ! )
Advertisement
Unfortunately , the installation has n't created a launcher for OpenOffice 3.0.0 in our menus ( the launcher that you see under Applications >
Office is still for your old OpenOffice version ) , therefore we have to create it manually .
Right - click on Applications and select Edit Menus :
Select the Office category and click on New Item :
Fill in a name for the launcher ( e.g. OpenOffice 3.0.0 Writer ) and then click on the Browse button to find the OpenOffice 3.0.0 executable :
Om Malik wrote an interesting post about Google Chrome one month after the public launch .
While I was reading Om ’s post , I realized that I wrote a post for the Google Chrome release that I never published .
I ’ll include it here , and then let ’s meet at the bottom and compare notes . 🙂
Like many Google engineers , I ’ve been running Google Chrome for several months .
When I sat down with a blank piece of paper to write down why you should try Google Chrome , I ended up with several reasons , including speed , security , stability , and openness .
I ’ll run through them for you .
Speed .
Google Chrome is wicked fast , especially if you use AJAX / JavaScript - heavy web applications such as Gmail .
And it ’s not just “ benchmark fast , ” it ’s end - to - end fast .
Google Chrome puts special emphasis on never making the user wait .
Opening a tab is essentially instantaneous , and all the little pauses that would normally interrupt your workflow just do n’t happen .
Of course , sometimes a remote web server is slow to return data–there ’s nothing that a web browser can do about that –but for everything else , the browser speeds along like lightning .
When Gmail came out , it took me months to switch over .
Before Gmail , I used mutt and I had all kinds of crazy customizations and wild procmail rules , so it took quite a while for Gmail to convince me to switch .
In contrast , it took less than a week for me to switch to Google Chrome .
It ’s so scary fast that I felt like I was taking smart pills because of all the extra work and email I could blast through .
Security .
As the head of Google ’s webspam team , I prowl around some pretty hairy places on the internet .
Almost every day I encounter hacked pages , malware , porn , and generally scuzzy pages .
The security model in Google Chrome is much stronger than most other browsers I ’ve used .
I ’ve surfed through hundreds of seedy back alleys of the Internet over the last several months , and Google Chrome has safely kept me from being infected or affected by the junky web pages I encounter .
Stability .
I loved my previous browser ( and still do ! ) , but I got used to killing my browser and restarting it daily to prevent memory leaks from hobbling my machine .
I ’ve run Google Chrome for weeks at a time with bunches of open tabs and it has n’t crashed on me or bloated up my computer ’s memory .
I also love that Google has a “ ChromeBot ” which takes each new browser build and throws ( put your pinky finger to your lips ) one million webpages at the build as a torture test .
That testing virtually guarantees that everyday web pages should n’t crash your browser .
Google Chrome has been rock solid for me .
Openness .
You are n’t locked in to using Google ’s search ; you can choose to use any major search engine in Google Chrome .
Plus , as you click around the web , you do n’t send surfing information to Google .
Google Chrome is open - source under a BSD license , so you can check that for yourself .
The cool bits of Google Chrome , including V8 ( a from - the - ground - up JavaScript virtual machine ) , are open for anyone to take and use .
The comic book .
Still not convinced ?
If you ’re a geek , read the 40 - page comic book about Google Chrome .
It ’s genuinely educational about the design choices that Google made .
It turns out that a comic is one of the best ways to introduce a large piece of new software :
You ’ve all heard the acronym “ RTFM , ” right ?
It stands for Read The * cough * Fine Manual .
The next time someone asks whether Google Chrome uses WebKit or something else , I can say RTFC–Read The Fine Comic . 🙂
Okay , how well does that post hold up after a month ?
On speed , I think Chrome really holds up well .
Om ’s comments are filled with people who got hooked on the speedy and nice Google Chrome browser experience .
A couple people who did n’t like it only tried it for a day ; I really think you need to give Chrome a few days ( maybe a week ) to really notice the end - to - end difference .
On security , I was impressed that so few security holes were found , and most of them required the user to take some additional action or involved social engineering .
I have seen very few ( no ? ) attacks like “ surf to a random page and your browser gets pwned . ”
That ’s really nice to see ; I ’m sure the Chrome team was anxious to see what would happen when the outside world tried to attack Chrome .
Chrome has been quite robust for a web browser that was only recently released into beta .
I continue to surf to really dangerous places with no resulting hijacks or malware .
How about stability ?
I always thought this would be the weakest point of the Chrome launch , and not because of web pages that would crash Chrome , but because it ’s hard to test on a wide variety of real - world hardware when you ’re trying to keep a product secret before releasing it .
And again , I was surprised that so few things broke .
The fact that the Chrome team has released four updates to Chrome in four weeks tells me two things : 1 ) the worst bugs are going to get knocked down pretty quickly and 2 ) the Chrome team is very serious about iterating to improve the browser .
Openness is an interesting one .
I think the EULA issue caused a short - term goodwill hit .
Google corrected the terms in about a day , but it still provided material for the people who dislike the fundamental notion of the Chrome browser .
I have to admit that I was surprised that people objected to the “ Suggest ” feature when you ’re typing into the address bar , but it ’s good that Google reacted quickly on that one as well .
I had a conversation with Danny Sullivan where he urged Google employees to try to look at Google as if they were outside the company and did n’t work for Google .
It ’s excellent advice and definitely provides a helpful perspective .
Ultimately , I think that the open - source nature of Google Chrome ’s code should reassure most people and win over fans with time .
And the comic book ?
I still think it ’s a cool way to explain a lot of complex design decisions . 🙂
I ’ve been watching the Chrome team work , and I believe that they ’re going to earn the respect and loyalty of a lot of surfers over time .
Their ability to execute reminds me of how the Google Reader team won me over a couple years ago .
If you ’re running Windows and have n’t taken it for a spin , if you try Chrome for 5 - 6 days , I think you ’ll like it too .
PRINCETON , NJ -- Gallup Poll Daily tracking from Oct. 1 - 3 finds 50 % of registered voters supporting Barack Obama , and 42 % John McCain , for president .
Obama has now held a statistically significant lead over McCain for the last eight days , one shy of his campaign - best streak of nine days with a lead around the time of the Democratic National Convention .
( To view the complete trend since March 7 , 2008 , click here . )
Voter preferences appear somewhat stable at the moment , as Obama has held similar advantages over McCain in each of the last three individual nights ' polling .
That includes Friday polling , the first interviews conducted following Thursday 's widely viewed vice presidential debate , the passage of the economic rescue bill supported by both Obama and McCain , and Friday 's bleak jobs report .
The presidential candidates are set to square off in round two of the presidential debates on Tuesday , answering questions asked by uncommitted voters .
-- Jeff Jones
( Click here to see how the race currently breaks down by demographic subgroup . )
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The general - election results are based on combined data from Oct. 1 - 3 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 2,703 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a landline telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
Subversion integration for Squeak 16 September , 2008
Michael Perscheid and his colleagues in the Software Architecture Group of the Hasso - Plattner - Institut have just announced the release of SqueakSVN , a tool to give Squeak access to the version control capabilities offered by Subversion , the open - source revision control system .
This will allow Squeak developers take advantage of the benefits of Subversion ’s growing popularity and support , while remaining within the Squeak browser environment .
SqueakSVN supports repositories using the http , file and svn protocols , but there is currently no support for https .
There are more details at the SqueakSVN project home page , including a video of SqueakSVN in use .
The new package was developed in co-operation with CollabNet , the primary corporate sponsor of Subversion .
Winged dinosaurs were ' too heavy to fly '
At the cinema , they swoop through the air and circle ominously overhead with their razor - sharp bills .
But in fact , the flying dinosaurs which feature in King Kong and Jurassic Park would have struggled to get off the ground , researchers believe .
After analysing the flight of 28 birds , scientists from Tokyo University say the pterodactyl , which weighed a quarter of a ton , would not have been able to flap its wings fast enough to stay in the air - and could only glide relatively short distances from clifftops .
Myth ?
Many believed that pterodactyls were the largest animals to ever have flown , but an expert now says they were simply too heavy
But fossil experts say their skeletons did evolve for full flight .
Pterodactyls appeared about 251 million years ago and were still thriving when the dinosaurs became extinct 65 million years ago .
Technically they are not dinosaurs , but prehistoric winged reptiles .
Professor Katsufumi Sato of Tokyo University studied large species of birds in the Crozet Islands , between Madagascar and Antarctica , including the world 's biggest , the wandering albatross .
By attaching accelerometers - devices that measure acceleration and G - force - to the wings of 28 birds , he determined that animals weighing more than 40kg ( 88 lb ) cannot flap their wings fast enough to stay in the air .
This would explain why the wandering albatross weighs only 22kg ( 49lb ) .
Flight of fancy ?
Researchers say the pterodactyl , as seen here in Jurassic Park III , would not have been able to flap its wings fast enough to stay in the air
A bird weighing almost 40kg ' would not have a safety margin to fly in bad weather , ' Dr Sato told New Scientist magazine .
The maximum speed a bird can flap is limited by its muscle strength and decreases for heavier species with longer wings .
Dr Sato presented his findings at the Third Annual Biologging Science Symposium at Stanford University in California .
He calculated that the largest animal capable of soaring flight could not have weighed more than a Labrador dog .
But his conclusions have not endeared him to pterodactyl experts , who believe the animals were dynamic soarers .
Dr Mike Habib , of Johns Hopkins Medical School in Baltimore , Maryland , said : ' His 40 kgs threshold is problematic . '
He added that although some pterosaurs were four times heavier than the wandering albatross , differences in anatomy , physiology and environment all had to be taken into account .
shoulda 2.0.0 , now with gem power
Shoulda has long been available as a plugin .
It ’s core was yanked out at some point , and made available as a gem .
Unfortunately , the codebases diverged , with main development occurring in the plugin .
What was once was divided is now united , as of this day .
Shoulda 2.0.0 .
Check it :
$ gem install thoughtbot - shoulda
Nothing new there , but you can use this gem in a Rails app :
# in config/environment.rb Rails :: Initializer.run do |config| config.gem ' thoughtbot - shoulda ' , : lib => ' shoulda/rails ' , : source => ' http://gems.github.com'
end
Using gems instead of plugins is n’t perfect though , specifically , rake tasks do n’t get loaded yet .
Hopefully that will be fixed eventually , but in the mean time , you can do :
# in Rakefile begin require ' shoulda / tasks ' rescue LoadError end
You can also use this gem in any non-Rails app .
In your test_helper.rb , you ’d just do something like :
require ' shoulda '
So what else is new ?
I ’m not sure exactly what was in the last release , so I ’ll leave that for a more official announcement .
" The Norwegian Nobel Committee has decided to award the Nobel Peace Prize for 2008 to Martti Ahtisaari for his important efforts , on several continents and over more than three decades , to resolve international conflicts .
These efforts have contributed to a more peaceful world and to ' fraternity between nations ' in Alfred Nobel 's spirit , " the committee said in announcing the prize .
› Larger image
This image shows a microscopic view of fine - grained material at the tip of the Robotic Arm scoop aboard NASA 's Phoenix Mars Lander on June 20 , 2008 .
The image shows small clumps of fine , fluffy , red soil particles .
Go to animation
The internet is set for a radical shake - up after the organisation that oversees website names gave the green light to plans for a new way of creating web addresses .
The decision means that as well as millions of existing website addresses which end in .com or .co.uk , surfers will also be able to choose from sites with suffixes such as . bank , . sport or . bet .
A marathon meeting of the board of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ( Icann ) , which administers the development of the internet , ended in unanimous approval for the introduction of a new set of " top level " website addresses , bringing nearly three years of debate and planning to an end .
The process , which will begin in 2009 , was described by the organisation 's chairman , Paul Twomey , as " the biggest change to the way people find each other on the internet since its inception " .
At first it is likely that new suffixes will be limited to businesses and other major organisations such as city councils , with cities such as New York and Berlin keen to create a whole selection of .nyc and . berlin addresses .
Some are concerned that opening the system up could encourage cybersquatting – where people unfairly register brand names in order to make money – or encourage criminals , who could find it easier to pose as banks or other legitimate organisations .
" If the domain name system is completely relaxed , cybersquatting will turn into a far greater problem , with companies struggling to protect their websites and intellectual property , " said Thomas Herbert of Hostway , one of the world 's largest web hosting companies .
" For example , Amazon would have to register many more domain names including Amazon.amazon , amazon .
shopping , amazon.electronics .
The list is practically endless , and the net result would be a much more chaotic and disorganised web . "
However , buying one of this new generation of website addresses will not be cheap – some could cost as much as £ 250,000 – and applications would need to be approved by Icann .
Why is the mainstream media ignoring what might be the most earth - shattering provisions in Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson ’s Bailout Package Version 2.0 ?
If you look at page 180 of the 451 - page monster bailout bill that easily passed the Senate yesterday ( PDF here ) , you will see that it includes at Section 116 language about the tax treatment of “ industrial source carbon dioxide . ”
It also provides , at Section 117 , for a “ carbon audit of the tax code . ”
What could a provision about the tax treatment of “ industrial source carbon dioxide ” and another provision about doing a “ carbon audit ” of the tax code possibly have to do with restoring confidence in Wall Street ’s troubled credit markets ?
The answer : NOTHING .
This appears to be an attempt by global warming fanatics to lay the foundation for an economy - killing carbon tax just like the “ cap - and - tax ” system that is now destroying European industry .
If you think the Mother of All Bailouts is bad , just wait till you see the carbon tax .
Get ready to reduce your standard of living drastically .
It really should n’t be a surprise that these non-germane provisions are included in legislation that is supposed to save all of us from economic Armageddon .
After all , Henry Paulson is a confirmed environmentalist and global warming true - believer who abused his power at Goldman Sachs .
While Paulson headed Goldman Sachs he simultaneously headed the Nature Conservancy and his wife was a former Conservancy board member .
( See “ In Goldman Sachs We Trust : How the Left ’s Favorite Bank Influences Public Policy , ” by Fred Lucas , Foundation Watch , October 2008 . )
Henry Paulson presided over Goldman Sachs ’s donation of 680,000 acres of land it owned in Tierra del Fuego , Chile to the New York - based Wildlife Conservation Society .
One of the trustees of the Wildlife Conservation Society was H. Merritt Paulson , the son of Henry Paulson .
As green critic Paul Driessen observed , at no time did anyone “ assess the vast area ’s potential value for timber , oil or metals , so that locals and [ Goldman Sachs ] shareholders would at least know the true cost of the giveaway . ”
And the media tells Americans to trust Henry Paulson to do the right thing when doling out taxpayer dollars to his former colleagues on Wall Street ?
The media needs to start asking hard questions .
Update :
An expert offers a better explanation of one of the carbon - related provisions that is in the Bailout 2.0 bill .
According to this wizard of Wall Street , one provision provides preferential tax treatment for publicly - traded partnerships when they trade so - called carbon offsets .
It was reportedly already passed in another bill :
What ’s so urgent about that tax provision that it absolutely had to go into another bill that aims to deal with a financial emergency ?
So , you can see it ’s a little more complex than explained above .
However , it ’s still bad because it gives legitimacy to these strange indulgences known as carbon offsets and provides a tax incentive for trading them .
I am also informed by this source that Henry Paulson did not push to insert these two carbon - related provisions , but he certainly did n’t object to them , and his track record strongly suggests he would support them .
When he ran Goldman Sachs , Paulson released a statement specifically endorsing carbon trading .
As the Washington Post reported ( June 1 , 2006 ) reported :
Last year under Paulson ’s direction , Goldman Sachs issued an eight - page position paper on environmental policy , saying it accepts a scientific consensus , led by United Nations climate experts , that global warming poses one of the greatest threats this century .
Like Bush , the Goldman Sachs statement endorsed a market for businesses to buy and sell rights to emit greenhouse gases , saying it will spur technology advances by companies “ that lead to a less carbon - intensive economy . ”
But , it added , “ Voluntary action alone cannot solve the climate change problem , ” a position contrary to the Bush administration ’s view .
( Hat tip to Paul Chesser , of Center for Climate Strategies Watch , as posted at AmSpecBlog )
( Crossposted at NewsBusters here )
Amy Goodman and producers arrested at RNC RAW STORY
Published : Monday September 1 , 2008
Print This Email This ** UPDATE :
Goodman has been charged with " obstruction " and released .
Her producers , Sharif Abdel Kouddous and Nicole Salazar , have also been released with pending felony riot charges .
By SCOTT BAUER Associated Press Writer
Associated Press photographer Matt Rourke and Democracy Now !
TV and radio show host Amy Goodman were among those arrested Monday at an anti-war march coinciding with the first day of the Republican National Convention .
Rourke was swept up as police moved in on a group of protesters in downtown St. Paul , the scene of scattered violence and vandalism by protesters , some of whom described themselves as anarchists .
Goodman was arrested as she tried to prevent two colleagues from being arrested , a producer for her show said .
David Ake , an AP assistant chief of bureau in Washington , said he was concerned by the arrest of Rourke , a Philadelphia - based photographer .
" Covering news is a constitutionally protected activity , and covering a riot is part of that coverage , " Ake said .
" Photographers should not be detained for covering breaking news . "
Democracy Now !
producers Sharif Abdel Kouddous and Nicole Salazar were arrested while they carried out their journalistic duties , Democracy Now ! said in a statement .
Ramsey County Sheriff 's Department spokeswoman Holli Drinkwine said Goodman was arrested on a misdemeanor but she did n't know the charge .
She did not immediately have any information about the other three .
Police said late Monday they had arrested 163 people at the march , with more expected .
Most of the estimated 10,000 people in the march were peaceful , but small groups totaling about 200 broke windows , taunted police , slashed tires and harassed delegates .
Rourke took photos throughout the day showing police shooting tear gas at protesters .
Evan Vucci , another AP photographer , was with Rourke but did not see him get arrested .
" The police had pushed the protesters into a parking lot where they had police coming from all sides to encircle one area , " Vucci said .
" Once they got all the protesters into this one parking lot they kind of rushed and arrested all the protesters in there . "
Vucci said he was picked up from behind , thrown down , and kicked in the ribs by police before being handcuffed .
He said he avoided being arrested after showing an officer his press credentials .
" I do n't think the police officers were targeting journalists , " Vucci said .
" The group they were going after was a pretty aggressive group , and I think they 'd had enough of them .
... I think the cops were amped up . "
A video of Goodman 's arrest posted on YouTube shows her begging police not to arrest her before being taken away in handcuffs .
Democracy Now ! said they were told that by Ramsey County Sheriff Bob Fletcher that Kouddous and Salazar were arrested on suspicion of rioting .
Elizabeth Press , also with Democracy Now ! , was among independent reporters staying in a house who were detained and released by police during a raid on Saturday .
Democracy Now ! said the arrests were a clear violation of the freedom of the press and the First Amendment rights of those arrested .
The syndicated show airs on over 700 radio and TV stations across the world , it said in its release .
PRESS RELEASE FROM DEMOCRACY NOW !:
UPDATE
Democracy Now !s Amy Goodman , Sharif Abdel Kouddous and Nicole Salazar Released After Illegal Arrest at RNC
Goodman Charged with Obstruction ; Felony Riot Charges Pending Against Kouddous and Salazar
ST . PAUL -- Democracy Now ! host Amy Goodman and producers Sharif Abdel Kouddous and Nicole Salazar have all been released from police custody in St. Paul following their illegal arrest by Minneapolis Police on Monday afternoon .
All three were violently manhandled by law enforcement officers .
Abdel Kouddous was slammed against a wall and the ground , leaving his arms scraped and bloodied .
He sustained other injuries to his chest and back .
Salazars violent arrest by baton - wielding officers , during which she was slammed to the ground while yelling ,  Im Press !
Press ! ,  resulted in her nose bleeding , as well as causing facial pain .
Goodmans arm was violently yanked by police as she was arrested .
On Tuesday , Democracy Now ! will broadcast video of these arrests , as well as the broader police action .
These will also be available on : www.democracynow.org
Goodman was arrested while questioning police about the unlawful detention of Kouddous and Salazar who were arrested while they carried out their journalistic duties in covering street demonstrations at the Republican National Convention .
Goodmans crime appears to have been defending her colleagues and the freedom of the press .
Ramsey County Sheriff Bob Fletcher told Democracy Now ! that Kouddous and Salazar were arrested on suspicion of rioting , a felony .
While the three have been released , they all still face charges stemming from their unlawful arrest .
Kouddous and Salazar face pending charges of suspicion of felony riot , while Goodman has been officially charged with obstruction of a legal process and interference with a peace officer . 
Democracy Now !
forcefully rejects all of these charges as false and an attempt at intimidation of these journalists .
We demand that the charges be immediately and completely dropped .
Democracy Now ! stands by Goodman , Kouddous and Salazar and condemns this action by Twin Cities  law enforcement as a clear violation of the freedom of the press and the First Amendment rights of these journalists .
During the demonstration in which the Democracy Now ! team was arrested , law enforcement officers used pepper spray , rubber bullets , concussion grenades and excessive force against protesters and journalists .
Several dozen demonstrators were also arrested during this action , including a photographer for the Associated Press .
Amy Goodman is one of the most well - known and well - respected journalists in the United States .
She has received journalisms top honors for her reporting and has a distinguished reputation of bravery and courage .
The arrest of Goodman , Kouddous and Salazar and the subsequent criminal charges and threat of charges are a transparent attempt to intimidate journalists .
Democracy Now ! is a nationally - syndicated public TV and radio program that airs on over 700 radio and TV stations across the US and the globe .
Watch Goodman being arrested :
The Presidents Ranked and Graded : A Q&A With the Author of The Leaders We Deserved
Alvin Felzenberg , author of The Leaders We Deserved ( and a Few We Didn’t ) , was n’t satisfied with how vaguely , in his opinion , success and failure are defined in presidential evaluations .
So he attempted his own ranking system ( which we ’ve mentioned before on this blog ) , grading U.S. presidents based on three criteria : character , vision , and competence ; and their handling of three policy areas : management of the economy , approach to national security , and expansion of freedom .
Felzenberg says his intention with grading the presidents and writing a book based on his findings is “ not to fix their reputations in concrete , but to provoke discussion . ”
He did n’t disclose whom he voted for , but after observing the 2008 campaign , he ’d add physical endurance as a grading category .
Felzenberg teaches at the Annenberg School for Communication at the University of Pennsylvania and the Elliott School of International Affairs at George Washington University .
He was the principal spokesman for the 9/11 Commission , and served as an adviser to the U.S. Departments of Defense and State , in several senior staff positions at the U.S. House of Representatives , and as New Jersey ’s Assistant Secretary of State .
He has agreed to answer our questions about the book .
But first , here ’s his presidential report card :
Q : In the process of writing this book , what did you learn about other presidential rating methods ?
A : In assessing previous “ ratings ” of the presidents , I was struck by all the uniformity in the rankings .
With the exception of Eisenhower , who has moved up considerably in each poll attempted since 1962 on , most presidents see their reputations all but placed in cement for eternity .
Given the plethora of new information that continues to come to light every day , I found this peculiar .
I was less bothered by the partisanship that was evident among past graders than I was bothered by their failure to define terms .
What do analysts have in mind when they ascribe the terms “ great , ” “ near great , ” or “ failure ” besides a name of a president ?
Past graders have not said .
I try , in this book , to compensate for this weakness .
Q : If you had to add another category for ranking the presidents after this upcoming election , what would it be ?
A : If the long campaign of 2008 has persuaded me to add a new category to the six against which I evaluate presidents ( character , vision , competence , along with their management of the economy , their handling of national security , and their record on extending freedom ) , it would be physical endurance .
The endless 24/7 cycle of appearances , interviews , fundraising , and all the rest that goes along with running for president that the two top contenders have endured reminds us that the job of president almost demands superhuman qualities .
Q : What past president do you predict President Bush ‘s economic policy ranking will most resemble ?
A : Good question .
The situation in which Bush and the rest of us find ourselves may be truly unique .
His critics on the Democratic side of the aisle and in the media did history a great disservice when they likened Bush ’s policies to those of Hoover‘s .
First , they were wrong to assert that Hoover sat idly by as the nation plunged into the Great Depression on his watch .
He was exceptionally active , promoting precisely the wrong policies .
He raised taxes , causing employers to lay people off ; increased tariffs , thereby turning what would have been a steep recession into a world - wide depression ; and went along with the Federal Reserve ’s practice of restricting credit when it should have increased the money supply substantially .
Bush has been no passive bystander .
Not only has he avoided these three Hooverian mistakes , but he has followed the opposite course .
The Federal Reserve is injecting nearly a trillion dollars to ease the credit crunch .
Bush has also held the line against new taxes and restrictive trade policies .
Historians will be spending much time assessing to what extent Bush ’s free spending practices contributed to the casino - like atmosphere that has characterized the housing and other markets , and whether all that talk about establishing an “ ownership society ” enticed banks to lend to people who could not afford the costs of mortgages .
I this area , Republican and Democratic Congresses , as well as Bill Clinton will share in any blame assigned Bush .
In the aftermath of Bush , conservatives will have to reassess whether it makes sense any longer to advocate “ smaller government ” at a time of global terrorism and world - wide financial havoc .
I expect some to assert that the question is not “ big ” vs. “ small , ” but “ what should the federal government not attempt at all ? ”
Cuts in those areas might free up funds to allow it to perform tasks it takes on well .
During the Bush years , the impression has grown that government has simply failed at too many things and at too many levels .
Given the rate of spending , one can readily understand why so many say the nation is heading in the “ wrong direction . ”
Q : How do rankings bestowed upon presidents affect history ?
How can the ranking of one president affect the election of a subsequent president ?
A : Rankings — of the kind we have seen in the past — have done little to advance the public ’s knowledge of the past ; they have actually diminished it by freezing the debates about the achievements of past presidents and whether they were beneficial to the country .
They have also , on occasion , mistaken consequence for greatness and failure to attain stated ends as incompetence .
Jackson , for instance , was a president of great consequence .
Yet his success in destroying the Second Bank of the United States plunged the country into a major depression , while his unchecked insistence on removing Native Americans from lands to which they had been given title by his predecessors remains one of the most sordid acts in all of American history .
In some respects , the nation would have been better off had he been less competent in attaining his objectives .
Yet Jackson places among the “ near - greats ” in virtually every survey of historians .
He ranks lower in mine .
In selecting presidents , voters more often base their decision on their assessment of the incumbent president than by how historians rank past presidents .
Q : What are the top traits of the best and worst presidents ?
A : The best presidents were intellectually curious , were good communicators , advanced a vision that proved beneficial for the nation , availed themselves of the technological innovations of their times to advance their agendas , drew upon the best talent available , and related to people from all walks of life .
The worst presidents were “ been there , done that ” know - it - alls , were set in their ways , bore grudges , grumbled in public about all the burdens of office , had a limited world - view , and stretched the powers of their office for power ’s sake .
Q : What ’s the most surprising correlation in presidential traits and ranking you found ?
A : The surprises were not in the correlations , but in my research .
I found some of the “ old favorites ” such as Jackson to be particularly wanting , according to my criteria , and others , such as Grant , who has had particularly bad press among presidential historians , to be rather ennobling , if not endearing .
My delving into these two presidencies persuaded me that past surveys told us more about those who evaluated the presidents than they did about the presidents .
Q : You mention in the book that the least successful presidents tended to be the most intelligent ; how do you explain this ?
A : I would put it in a slightly different way .
While the most successful presidents were certainly people with above - average intelligence , the presidency has not been a place where intellectuals or ideologues have excelled .
Fortunately , we have had relatively few such people as president .
The ones we have had met with frustration when those over whom they governed or with whom they were destined to share power did not perform in ways these presidents anticipated they would .
Human nature had a way of getting in their way .
Woodrow Wilson and Herbert Hoover , for instance , found themselves ( or thought themselves ) incapable of finding advisers as smart as they ; nor were they particularly good at bringing out the best in those they considered their intellectual inferiors .
Each could have been said to have consulted his “ brain trust ” each morning while shaving before a mirror .
Jefferson was at his best when he set his ideological predilections aside ( as during the Louisiana Purchase ) , and at his worst when he set out to prove himself in the right ( as he did during the Embargo Crisis ) .
Madison , perhaps the most intellectual of the presidents and the most brilliant , put ideological consistency over common sense — to the great misfortune of the nation he led .
( On his watch , the strongest power on earth torched the White House . )
Q : How has your rating system been received so far ?
A : Quite well .
I have been successful in starting a prolonged discussion as to what it means to be a great , or even a successful , president .
While some may quarrel with the grades I assign particular presidents , most who have read the book have welcomed the invitation to assess the presidents themselves , rather than blindly accept the conclusion of the “ experts , ” which was , after all , the intention of many surveys .
Q : Who are you voting for ?
A : As a writer and as a public official , I have taken many stands on issues of the day over the years .
Readers can easily discern where I came out on them by hitting a few buttons on their computers .
Having already voted , I would be happy to defend my choice either here or in some other venue at another time .
For our purposes here , I will confine my answers to what I had to say in the book , in which I make every attempt to be even handed .
Readers should know that of the post - World War II presidents , I rate Truman , Eisenhower , Kennedy , and Reagan the highest — although not in this order .
Q : You discuss F.D.R. ’s policies in the book :
What was his smartest move ?
His worst ?
A : On the economic front , there were really two Franklin D. Roosevelts .
First , there was the Roosevelt who rallied public confidence ; restored faith in the nation ’s political , economic , and banking systems ; and used the economic crisis as a catalyst to enact beneficial public policies ( such as TVA and infrastructure repairs ) and safeguards against what he termed the “ vicissitude ” of life .
In the latter category would fall programs with which he is most associated today : social security , unemployment compensation , and other , including some more controversial , entitlements .
Then there was the second Roosevelt .
As he would have wanted , we will call him F.D.R. , the “ great experimenter . ”
This Roosevelt ’s zigging and zagging often exacerbated the problems before him .
Under F.D.R. , the Federal Reserve , save for a short interval , continued the tight money policies it had imposed under Hoover .
F.D.R. never completely abandoned his ideological preference for balanced budgets ; well after Keynes ‘s writings about the occasional need for deficits as a means of stimulating economic growth had become well known well into World War II ; when heavy spending and increased borrowing finally lifted the nation from the Great Depression ; and well after other nations had begun to recover .
Moreover , F.D.R.’s heavy intervention into the economy — often on behalf of organized labor — did not sufficiently cause overall unemployment rates to fall .
The downturn in the economy late in F.D.R. ’s second term , after a slight uplift in his first , caused F.D.R. to doubt whether his first seven years in office had been a success .
I will not quarrel with that assessment .
Finally , it is time presidential evaluators took F.D.R. to task for his failure to admit more refugees into the United States when there was time ( and some political support ) to do so , his callous ordering of the internment of Japanese Americans , and his refusal to support Congressional efforts to make lynching a federal crime .
I do .
All said , the point should be made that at a time when freedom and democracy were in retreat in so many corners of the world ( the U.S.S.R. , Italy , Germany , Spain , etc. ) , the American people turned to Franklin D. Roosevelt , while their counterparts , echoed by some within the United States , were flirting with or embracing fascism or communism .
Faults and all , Franklin D. Roosevelt never lost his faith in democracy or in the good sense of the American people .
His greatest achievements , of course , were his handling of world events leading up to World War II and his performance as commander in chief during that war .
Q : You mention that a good indicator of a good president is life experience .
What experience / hardship would you want your ideal candidate to have had and why ?
A : This is the easiest of all your questions to answer .
In order to be a successful leader of a nation as diverse as the U.S. , a president must be able to empathize with those in whose name he exercises power .
Truman ’s experience as a captain of an unruly unit during the World War I and as a haberdasher afterwards helped shape his character .
( Some say he spent too much time talking politics with customers , when he could have been selling them suits . )
Lincoln learned much about his fellow citizens as a postmaster , grocer , and especially as a lawyer , riding circuit and mesmerizing his fellow travelers at taverns and inns with jokes and stories .
F.D.R. found his polio to be the great “ equalizer ” between himself and the afflicted .
What matters most is not the hardship any particular president encountered , but how he responded to it and the impact it had on him .
Some , like F.D.R. , emerged stronger from it .
Others , like Jackson , were permanently scarred by it — emotionally as well as physically .
Click to view
As a tech writer , one of my biggest pet peeves is the plethora of bad advice littered across almost every web site dedicated to system tweaking .
Besides the tweaks that simply do n't work , some of them will actually cause your computer to run even slower — or worse .
Let 's examine some of the most offensive myths out there regarding PC performance tweaking , and debunk them once and for all .
Advertisement
Disabling QoS to Free Up 20 % of Bandwidth
This tip made the rounds with people believing that Microsoft always allocates 20 % of your bandwidth for Windows Update .
According to the instructions , you were supposed to disable QoS in order to free up bandwidth .
Unfortunately this tip was not only wrong , but disabling QoS will cause problems with applications that rely on it , like some streaming media or VoIP applications .
Rather than taking my word for it , you can read the official Microsoft response : " There have been claims in various published technical articles and newsgroup postings that Windows XP always reserves 20 percent of the available bandwidth for QoS .
These claims are incorrect ...
One hundred percent of the network bandwidth is available to be shared by all programs unless a program specifically requests priority bandwidth . "
Advertisement
Make Vista Use Multiple Cores to Speed Up Boot Time
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
This bogus tip made the rounds recently and almost everybody got caught including Lifehacker and big brother site Gizmodo ... although commenters called it out quickly on both sides , and the editors updated the posts .
( That 's yet another reason to always participate in the comments here . )
According to this tip , you were supposed to use MS Config to modify the " Number of processors " drop - down on the Boot tab .
The problem is that this setting is only used for troubleshooting and debugging , to be able to determine if there is a problem with a single processor , or for a programmer to test their code against a single core while running on a multi- core system .
Windows will use all your processors by default without this setting .
Clearing Out Windows Prefetch for Faster Startup
The Prefetch feature in Windows XP caches parts of applications that you frequently use and tries to optimize the loading process to speed up application start time , so when a number of sites started suggesting that you clean it out regularly to speed up boot time it seemed like good advice ... but sadly that 's not the case , as pointed out by many Lifehacker commenters .
The Prefetch feature is actually used as a sort of index , to tell Windows which parts of an application should be loaded into memory in which order to speed up application load time , but Windows does n't use the information unless it 's actually starting an application .
There 's also a limit of 128 files that can be stored in the prefetch folder at any point , and Windows cleans out the folder automatically , removing information for applications that have n't been run as frequently .
Not only that , but a well - written defrag utility will use the prefetch information to optimize the position of the files on the disk , speeding up access even further .
Windows expert Ed Bott explains it :
The .pf files do n't get used at all until you run a program .
What actually happens when you click an icon is that Windows uses the information in the Prefetch folder to decide which program segments to load and in what order to load those pages .
Advertisement
Cleaning the Registry Improves Performance
Advertisement
The Windows registry is a massive database of almost every setting imaginable for every application on your system .
It only makes sense that cleaning it out would improve performance , right ?
Sadly it 's just a marketing gimmick designed to sell registry cleaner products , as the reality is quite different ... registry cleaners only remove a very small number of unused keys , which wo n't help performance when you consider the hundreds of thousands of keys in the registry .
This is n't to say they are completely useless , of course .
I 'd still recommend cleaning the registry when you are trying to troubleshoot a problem caused by uninstalling buggy software that leaves entries behind , but even then you should be very careful to use a reputable application like previously mentioned CCleaner and review the entries before deleting anything .
Ed Bott weighs in with a stronger opinion :
I 'd go a step further :
Do n't run registry cleaner programs , period .
I wo n't go so far as to call them snake oil , but what possible performance benefits can you get from " cleaning up " unneeded registry entries and eliminating a few stray DLL files ?
Advertisement
Clear Memory by Processing Idle Tasks
By this point you should be starting to get the picture ... if something sounds too good to be true , it likely is .
This well - traveled tip usually claims that you can create an " undocumented " shortcut to Rundll32.exe advapi32.dll , ProcessIdleTasks that will clear out memory by processing all of the idle tasks wasting memory in the background .
What 's the problem ?
Those idle tasks are n't actually waiting in the background ... what you are effectively doing is telling the computer that you 've walked away so it can now do other processing while you are idle .
Except you are n't .
The real purpose of this functionality is to finish all processing before running benchmarks to ensure consistent times , and according to the Microsoft documentation there 's a whole different story :
When called from the command line , the ProcessIdleTasks work is done in the background asynchronously .
It can take 10 to 15 minutes for idle tasks to complete .
Task Manager will report processes running , and the disk will likely be active during this time .
Advertisement
Read more at The Life of a Techno - Guru blog in a post called Response to Digg Article Claiming to Free up Memory .
Clean , Defrag and Boost Your RAM With SnakeOil Memory Optimizer
Advertisement
Just take a quick look at any download site , and you 'll find hundreds of products that claim to " optimize RAM to make your computer run faster " .
Give me a break !
Almost all of these products do the same things : they call a Windows API function that forces applications to write out their memory to the pagefile , or they allocate and then deallocate a ton of memory quickly so that Windows will be forced to page everything else .
Both of the techniques make it appear that you 've suddenly freed up memory , when in reality all you 've done is trade in your blazing fast RAM for a much slower hard drive .
Once you have to switch back to an application that has been moved to the pagefile , it 'll be so slow you 'll be likely to go all Office Space on your machine .
Windows expert Mark Russinovich agrees :
At best , RAM optimizers have no effect , and at worst , they seriously degrade performance .
Advertisement
Disabling Shadow Copy / System Restore Improves Performance
Advertisement
I 've barely come across a Windows Vista tips site that does n't tell you to disable System Restore to speed up performance , because it takes up to 15 % of your hard drive by default , which sounds like good advice .
Except it 's not .
The reality is that System Restore only actually kicks in when you are installing updates or applications , or at pre-scheduled times in the day , and the automatic checkpoints will only happen when your computer is not being used .
These checkpoints allow you to easily roll back your system to a pre-crash state , and I can tell you from experience that System Restore is a critical feature when your Vista machine has problems , allowing you to easily get back to a working state .
Instead of disabling System Restore to free up space , Ed Bott suggests that you simply use Disk Cleanup to remove all but the most recent restore point .
( Under the More Options tab , you 'll find a Clean up button ) .
Enable SuperFetch in Windows XP
Advertisement
Somebody decided to start spreading the myth that you could enable SuperFetch in Windows XP by adding the same EnableSuperfetch key into the registry that Windows Vista has , and it spread like wildfire .
Naturally , this tip was completely bogus .
The good news is that this tip is one of the few that will not harm your system in any way , as long as you do n't break something while editing the registry .
If you insist on using it , I wo n't complain .
If you want some proof , you can use the strings .
exe utility to see that " superfetch " does n't exist anywhere in the XP kernel , or you can believe Ed Bott and Mark Russinovich , who have already debunked this myth .
Disabling Services to Speed Up the Computer
Perhaps the most common myth is the advice to disable all services that you are n't using .
I realize this will generate some controversy , so let me clarify : Disabling non-essential services that are NOT part of Windows will sometimes yield a performance gain if you have identified those services as causing a problem .
You can identify or disable those services by opening msconfig.exe and checking the box for " Hide all Microsoft services " on the Services tab :
Advertisement
The problem with disabling services is that your devices will often not work once you do : for instance , I disabled the " Unknown " dlbt_device service in the list above , and could no longer print to my Dell printer ... disabling the VMware services made VMware unable to run , and so forth .
You should be even more careful to not disable built - in Microsoft services in Windows , except for a select few under certain circumstances :
Advertisement
SuperFetch — This caching service preloads applications into memory , and actually does work .
The problem is that it can cause your hard drive to do a lot of grinding while it 's working , which is especially irritating on a laptop .
— This caching service preloads applications into memory , and actually does work .
The problem is that it can cause your hard drive to do a lot of grinding while it 's working , which is especially irritating on a laptop .
Windows Search — If you do n't use the Vista search or you use an alternate desktop search engine , you really do n't need this service and can increase performance quite a bit by disabling it .
— If you do n't use the Vista search or you use an alternate desktop search engine , you really do n't need this service and can increase performance quite a bit by disabling it .
Windows Defender -
If you are already using another anti-malware product , you really do n't need this running as well .
Advertisement
Ed Bott 's summary speaks for itself :
If someone tries to talk you into disabling a bunch of other services , ask them what you stand to gain .
I 'll bet they can't tell you .
Advertisement
Editor : Readers should note that a recent Windows Vista tweaking guide , offered for download by Microsoft , does suggest disabling unneeded services .
When it comes to performance tweaking , a very large amount of testing is required each and every time you make a change .
The better option is to simply install more RAM and clean up your PC if you are having performance problems , and perhaps demand a little more proof before applying secret hacks .
The How - To Geek is a tech writer and geek enthusiast who loves to tinker with hidden settings that actually work .
More of his tips and tweaks can be found daily at Howtogeek.com .
It did n’t take long .
We ’ve already brought you news of the official investigation into Gov. Palin ’s firing of Public Safety Commissioner Walt Monegan .
Steve Branchflower , the lead investigator , began trying to arrange a deposition of the governor days before her veep selection .
And despite claiming executive privilege to shield requested emails , up until that point Palin had promised full cooperation with the probe .
Now , however , she is refusing to submit to questioning by Branchflower unless he and the legislative committee that appointed him agree to relinquish control of the investigation and turn it over to a state review board made up of three Palin appointees .
Yesterday , Palin took the unusual step of having her lawyer , Thomas van Flein , file an ethics complaint against her with the state ’s Attorney General .
This , she hopes , will lead the AG to give the investigation to the aforementioned state personnel board .
Unless that happens , and Branchflower agrees to close down his investigation , she will refuse to testify .
Jeremiah Grossman and Robert " Rsnake " Hansen initially planned to reveal details on a new browser - agnostic clickjacking exploit at the Open Web Application Security Project ( OWASP ) in New York City this week , but voluntarily pulled the presentation after discovering that the 0 - day flaw affected an Adobe product .
The term " clickjacking " refers to a process by which a user is forced to click on a link without his or her knowledge — the link itself may be nearly invisible or visible for only a fraction of a second .
Clickjacking is n't a new attack vector , but according to Grossman and Hansen , it 's one that is " severely underappreciated and largely undefended . "
What makes the attack noteworthy , in this case , is that it appears to be completely browser - agnostic , and affects both Firefox 2 and 3 , all versions of IE ( including 8 ) , and presumably all versions of Opera , Konquerer , Safari , and whatever other extremely marginalized and / or FailCat type of browser one might use to surf the web .
The only browsers currently immune to whatever it is the two men discovered are text - based products , such as Lynx .
In this case , " whatever it is , " actually is the only appropriate label for this new attack method ; Grossman and Hansen have released virtually no information on how one would actually exploit the vulnerability .
Grossman and his teammate appear to have held off publishing after Adobe requested they do so , rather than as a favor to the browser market .
In his blog , Grossman writes : " At the time , we believed our discoveries were more in line with generic Web browsers behavior , not traditional “ exploits , ” and that guarding against clickjacking was largely the browser vendors ' responsibility . "
Yeah , it 's kinda like that
Grossman and Hansen have , however , released a bit of information on what wo n't protect a user from the exploit .
Turning Javascript off is apparently useless — the attack does n't use it .
Instead , it takes advantage of what the two call a " fundamental flaw " inherent to all modern browsers , and an issue that can not be fixed with a quick patch .
Using a frame buster script will protect a person from assaults that utilize cross - domain scripting , but will not prevent the attack from operating normally if it's on a page the user is visiting .
As exploits go , this particular one seems a tempest in a teapot .
The vulnerability in question may affect all web browsers , but the total dearth of publicly available data means anyone wanting to utilize it has their work cut out for them .
Grossman states that this particular attack is capable of some " pretty spooky , " things , but that 's all the detail we get .
I 'm not a fan of security through obscurity , but that 's not what anyone is advocating — Adobe has acknowledged the problem , and the dev teams on both Firefox and IE are undoubtedly aware of the flaw 's existence .
Hopefully they also received a bit more information than the public did .
Further reading
I do n't like to speculate - but the reported suicide of Deborah Jeane Palfrey , the " DC Madam , " is difficult for me to fathom .
The suspicion I hold , that the " suicide " of this 52 year old seemingly vibrant woman , who could reveal the identities of powerful Washingtonians who used her " escort " services , may have not been a suicide at all , causes me sadness - over the tragic death of Palfrey herself , and over my distrust of the powerful who have proven time and again that they will do anything to protect their fortunes and their " good " names .
According to the HuffingtonPost , reporting on the suicide click here , Palfrey had spoken out on suicide in the past when she reflected on the death of one of her former escorts , University of Maryland Professor , Brandy Britton .
Palfrey said of Britton 's suicide ,
" This is a woman who was divorced , who was trying to raise two , ah , high - school children , college - age children ... [ Britton had ] the great job title , the great position , all the respect in the world , but she was n't making enough money .
So she decided to do a little moonlighting ...
And she was publicly outed , is a good way to put it , she was absolutely humiliated .
Ah , she could n't take the humiliation .
Her whole life was destroyed .
And she , she just , ah , ultimately committed suicide . "
From the tone of Palfrey 's words , she seemed to view Britton 's suicide as an unfortunate and tragic response to personal degradation and humiliation .
Palfrey , herself , was feisty and outspoken in her defense of her escort service - claiming the services rendered were adult fantasies and within the realm of legality .
She also believed the purchasers of the services should be subjected to public scrutiny and bear culpability if there was culpability to bear .
Palfrey wanted to make public the names of her clients , which she claimed were contained in an infamous " black book . "
Moments ago I spoke with Arizona - based progressive radio host , Meria Heller ( meria.net ) , who interviewed Palfrey in July .
Heller said Palfrey was " vibrant and filled with future plans . "
Heller finds it inconceivable that Palfrey would have taken her own life .
The Florida police and Palfrey 's mother have confirmed Palfrey 's death .
According to Florida police officer , Captain Jeffrey Young , Palfrey was found hanging from a nylon rope in a storage shed close to the home of her 76 year old mother , Blanche Palfrey , who discovered her daughter 's body .
I , for one , am hopeful the public - particularly the blogger community - will hold the authorities accountable for a thorough , open and honest investigation of this bizarre and tragic occurrence .
In this highly political year , egregious acts are possible - if not probable - particularly when the futures and fortunes of the powerful are at stake .
Addendum : May 2 , 2008
I read the following smoking gun article , as provided by a commenter on another site .
http://www.thesmokinggun.com/archive/years/2008/0501081palfrey1.html
The documents are important to review .
In thinking it through ( absent supportive statistics ) , I wonder how many potential inmates state they have had thoughts of suicide prior to their incarceration to garner sympathy from the court .
Perhaps this is a common ploy .
I 'll contact defense attorneys to try to find out .
Any attorneys out there who can shed some light ?
Secondly , to Drew Terry , who commented below , thank you .
I read the same Time.com article earlier today click here and sent Dan Moldea an email .
I 'm attempting to correspond with Moldea , who worked with Palfrey , knew her personally , and who stated ( see below ) that he categorically accepts Palfrey 's suicide as true absent any investigation of his own .
I 've asked Moldea for an interview to discuss his conclusion prior to investigation .
According to the Time.com article , Moldea " last year examined Palfrey 's phone records and discovered the name of Vitter , a Republican , as a client of Palfrey 's escort service — Pamela Martin & Associates — the last time he saw Palfrey in person was less than week before her conviction on prostitution charges on April 15 . "
Moldea said :
" A friend and I met with Jeanne and we had a sushi lunch near the courtroom . "
She was upbeat and hopeful .
She felt the prosecution had not made the case and that she was going to walk .
She was hopeful to the end .
But , when the jury came in with her conviction , she reportedly was taken aback .
When I heard that I knew that , for her , it was all over .
There is no question in my mind that she took her own life . "
Much thanks for all the responses here and for the valuable information everyone 's provided .
I tend to shy away from conjecture .
This article was an effort to engage the vast brain - trust of the blogger community , of which I am a part .
As we know all too well in cases and issues of greater import than this , corporate media cannot be trusted to report the truth .
It lives in the land of Reverend Wright and flag pins .
Interesting that a story with potential salacious interest like the " suicide " of " the DC Madam " has led to no investigative reporting on the part of corporate media .
That for me is an indicator that corporate media has been told be " hush . "
They 're not speculating at all about Ms. Palfrey 's death - which would likely draw an audience .
Unusual for a media that thrives on speculation , innuendo , and inflammatory " news . "
They 've quietly buried Ms. Palfrey - along with her list .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
The Old Crown is located in the picturesque Cumbrian village of Hesket Newmarket , on the northern edge of the Lake District National Park .
The pub is owned by a co-operative of some 150 customers and supporters from the local and wider community .
It is England ’s first registered co-operatively owned pub .
Find out more about The Old Crown
Tennis Australia has decided not to pay the ball boys and girls at this year 's Australian Open .
The children used to be paid $ 40 .
Instead , they will be given gifts from sponsors of the event .
Camberwell mother Pauline Steedman is angry about the decision .
She the conditions of employment have changed after her 14 - year - old son signed up .
" But you can't move the goalposts to these kids who have applied and signed up and already undertaken training and then change the employment status two months before the event , " she said .
She is urging Tennis Australia to change the decision .
" They give up their holidays .
They 're up there in sometimes 30 to 40 degree heat , at the end of January and my son is happy to do that , but $ 40 is not a lot to be paid , " she said .
Wile E. Coyote has nothing on this guy .
Yves Rossy , aka Jet Man , zoomed into the record books this morning , flying across the English Channel strapped to a single jet - powered wing , with only a helmet and flight suit for protection .
The 22 - mile ( 35 - kilometer ) France - to - England journey took 13 minutes .
Bad weather had twice postponed the event this week .
But this morning — with clear blue skies and a nice tailwind — turned out to be an ideal flight day for the Swiss airline pilot .
Around 2 p.m. , local time , Rossy leaped from a plane abound 8,200 feet ( 2,500 meters ) above a beach near Calais .
Within seconds he had opened his wing , fired up his four miniature jet turbines , and pointed his nose toward Britain .
Cruising at speeds of over 125 miles ( 200 kilometers ) an hour , Rossy steered by just moving his head and back .
After a smooth crossing — followed by a few celebratory loops —
Rossy opened his parachute system and floated down to a green field not far from the White Cliffs of Dover .
To Infinity And Beyond !
" With that crossing I showed it is possible to fly a little bit like a bird .
I am full of hope there will be many in the near future , " Rossy said after landing , according to Britain 's Guardian newspaper .
The full story of the flight will be broadcast Friday night at 8 p.m. ET / PT on the U.S. National Geographic Channel .
( The Channel is partly owned by the National Geographic Society , which owns National Geographic News . )
NOT Yves Rossy
Failure was not an option , as the Channel is one of the world 's busiest shipping lanes , and Rossy 's jet wing is not designed for landing on water .
Speaking earlier this week , NASA aeronautical engineer Tom Benson said , " He will be wearing a fireproof flight suit [ and ] 120 pounds [ 54 kilograms ] of wings , fuel , engines , and parachutes , so staying afloat for any length of time could be difficult . "
Markus Zipperer , an engineer with the German company JetCat , which helped build the machine , said , " The biggest challenge for him is to get into a stable flying configuration once he has left the plane . "
Like many other aviation enthusiasts before him , Rossy — also known as Fusion Man — wanted to find a way for people to get as close as possible to flying like birds .
He started working on the project about 15 years ago , building prototypes in his garage .
He first created an inflatable wing that enabled him to glide , but Rossy was really after powered flight .
With the help of JetCat and Swiss firm ACT Composites , Rossy built a prototype and began improving upon his jet - wing design .
Rossy is both the first person to build , and the first person successfully to fly , a jet engine - powered wing strapped to the back .
His first flight occurred in November 2006 , lasting nearly six minutes .
While work with jet packs to propel humans dates back as far as World War II , his is the first one to have wings .
A few weeks ago he carried out his longest flight yet , covering 22 miles ( 35 kilometers ) in 12 minutes , but today 's flight was the first time he tried to cross a major body of water .
The 49 - year - old Swiss pilot will be following the route taken by French inventor Louis Blériot 99 years ago , when he became the first person to fly an airplane across the English Channel .
How the Jet Wing Is Made
In the version of the craft Rossy will use for the Channel crossing , the wing 's jet engines are linked by digital processing equipment .
" If one engine fails , the digital signal ensures that its opposite pair is shut down in half a millisecond , " JetCat 's Zipperer said .
" Otherwise his wing would go into a flat spin . "
At 5 inches ( 13 centimeters ) across , Jet Man 's turbines are much smaller than conventional jet engines , although the mini-turbines use the same type of fuel .
" We use very fast motors and have developed special parts to ensure that the jet fuel is vaporized and burned completely , " Zipperer said .
The craft is constructed from three main materials : carbon fiber to provide a lightweight but strong wing , glass fiber to mold it into an aerodynamic shape , and Kevlar to protect Rossy , should an engine explode .
" The turbines run at a very high revolution per minute .
If there was a fracture , there is a danger that metal parts would leave the engine and hit Rossy , " Zipperer said .
" The Kevlar encases the engines and acts like a bulletproof vest . "
Video from a previous flight over the Swiss Alps
In flight , Rossy uses his shoulders , head , and arms to steer the wing .
To land , he has to deploy a series of parachutes while at a height of at least 1,800 feet ( 550 meters ) .
The first parachute is a small one that reduces Jet Man 's speed .
The next is a large one that stops him from going forward and enables him and his wing to float safely to the ground .
This dual parachute system prevents a sudden halt .
"
On one of the previous prototypes , Rossy used only one parachute , " Alain Ray of ACT Composites said .
" Afterward he said , Never again .
" More info on Jet Man :
Howie Kurtz 's piece in the Washington Post today reprints two emails I sent McCain campaign spokesman Michael Goldfarb privately last week .
Kurtz got the emails because Goldfarb sent them to him , after sending them to other reporters to goad them into doing a story on me .
Kurtz published my confidential emails to Goldfarb , having been contacted by Goldfarb to write the story .
I should reiterate two critical things : I have never claimed that Trig Palin is not Sarah Palin 's biological son .
In fact , I have gone to enormous lengths never to say that , going silent for two days to figure it out and decided to leave it alone .
Why ?
Because I had no proof of anything , only questions .
Since then , I have raised legitimate policy questions about what is undisputed in the public record , but I have not made any statements of fact I do not know to be true .
That 's my job .
But I also expected the McCain campaign to do their job and at some point to provide evidence or a public statement setting the record straight , which they could persumably very easily do .
So I waited three weeks , watched two interviews , scanned Nexis and Google for any confirmation of actual evidence , and then privately asked Goldfarb and two other people I know and like in the McCain campaign to confirm the evidentiary truth on the record .
I did not raise this issue in public .
I asked a question in private .
But it has now been made public by Goldfarb and Kurtz , and since they are now in the public domain , here are the two emails I sent Goldfarb and he got Kurtz to reprint :
" I 'm very sorry to say , it 's come to this : can you confirm on the record that Trig Palin is Sarah Palin 's biological son ? . . .
Since this is a crazy idea , it should be easy for you or someone to let me know , the most popular one - man political blog site in the world , what the truth is . "
" " I asked a simple question akin to asking whether you can confirm that the sky is blue .
Here 's the question in case it got lost : can you confirm on the record that Trig Palin is Sarah Palin 's biological son ?
Can I please get a response of some sort , even if it is that you will not respond ? "
I got no response , so I let it drop .
Like everyone else , I have been trying to get some answers to some factual questions from the McCain campaign but they refuse to provide them .
But for the McCain campaign to go to these lengths , violating core confidentiality of private good - faith questions , is something that has never happened to me before in journalism .
I am also amazed that a fellow journalist would publish such emails in full .
But since this is now all in the open , you deserve to know what your blogger has been trying to do in private for three weeks : just get a factual answer to a factual question on the record .
They wo n't .
They cannot take the time to confirm on the record that Trig is Sarah 's biological son , but they will try to smear the person asking .
What does that tell you ?
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Georgia 's attack on the breakaway region of South Ossetia was unnecessary and unprovoked and was encouraged by the United States , Russia 's president , Dmitry Medvedev , said in an interview yesterday .
" For Russia , August 8 was like September 11 for the United States , " he told a group of foreign journalists and academics .
" I would like to see major lessons from it for the world . "
He made clear that the lessons , as Russia sees them , are that the post - cold war " illusion " that a world with one super power is a safe and predictable place is now over .
The 42 - year - old president said George Bush had phoned him shortly after he had ordered Russian forces to drive the Georgians back .
" ' You 're a young president with a liberal background .
Why do you need this ? '
Medvedev quoted Bush as saying .
" I told him we had no choice , " he said .
The Russian president 's interview followed a day after a similar interview with the prime minister , Vladimir Putin .
He seemed to be talking from the same script , though there were important differences between the two .
The president was more blunt about his Georgian counterpart , Mikheil Saakashvili , calling him " burdened with a host of pathologies " and alleging he often appeared in public under the influence of drugs .
" Russia had to recognise South Ossetia as an independent state - a move widely criticised in the west - because otherwise Georgia might attack again .
" If he takes this blood once he would try again if he was not muzzled , " he said .
Medvedev accused the US secretary of state , Condoleezza Rice , of blocking a tentative deal made between Russia and Georgia to sign an agreement on the use of force .
" Rice met him and the boy changed miraculously afterwards .
He started to postpone the agreement .
He started preparations for war . "
The Russian president rejected Georgia 's argument that if Nato had given it a membership action plan , as Bush wanted to do earlier this year ( the move was blocked by France and Germany ) , Russia would not have dared to use force .
" I can assure you that as president I would not have wavered for a second to make the same decisions that I made back then , " he said .
He was firmer than Putin in disowning any parallels between today 's Russia and the Soviet Union .
Putin once described the Soviet collapse as the greatest geopolitical tragedy of the 20th century .
Medvedev , 13 years younger than his predecessor , said he felt no nostalgia .
" I do n't want to live in a militarised country behind an iron curtain .
It 's boring .
Been there and seen the movie .
I 've done that , " he said .
He took a more optimistic position on the effects of the crisis on Russia 's relations with the US and the EU .
" I do n't think this phase of confrontation will be lengthy , " he asserted .
Both men made it clear that Russia was not planning to take South Ossetia into the Russian Federation .
Eduard Kokoity , the region 's president , said on Thursday that he wanted his republic to join Russia now that it had declared independence from Georgia .
Within an hour he had come under pressure to change his position , telling the Russian news agency Interfax that he had been " misunderstood " .
Nato is to review its relationship with the Georgian and Ukrainian governments at a summit in December and discuss whether to let them start membership proceedings .
The issue is likely to sharpen divisions within the alliance and the Russians hope the advocates of delay will be stronger after Georgia 's attack on South Ossetia .
Starting the process of letting Georgia and Ukraine join Nato would be " a seriously destabilising factor " , the Russian president said .
" We do n't understand what Nato can gain by drawing in nations that are still at a crossroads , where the elites and people are split , where there has been no referendum , and where there is a major risk of separatism , " he said .
Editor 's note : Campbell Brown anchors CNN's " Campbell Brown : No Bias , No Bull " at 8 p.m. ET Mondays through Fridays .
She delivered this commentary during the " Cutting through the Bull " segment of Thursday night 's broadcast .
CNN 's Campbell Brown says she 's eager to find out if young voters will really turn out in droves Tuesday .
( CNN ) --
In this election , young voters have been the toast of the town .
As pundits have told us , they will be turning out this year in record numbers .
And if Democratic candidate Barack Obama wins , it will be the youth of this country who gave him the presidency .
Or it wo n't -- because early evidence suggests that young voters just might do what they always do : blow it off , stay home , space out and get a better offer .
In Florida , where early voting has been under way for 11 days , The Orlando Sentinel has been crunching the numbers .
And guess what they found : People younger than 35 are so far the worst performing demographic group among the early voters .
Watch Campbell Brown talk about the youth vote »
It 's not just Florida .
Gallup 's daily tracking poll shows a similar trend nationally .
Based on interviews they 've conducted over the last few weeks , Gallup concluded there is scant evidence to suggest we are going to see a real game - changing youth turnout .
So what is happening here ?
All those seemingly hyper-enthusiastic stars of Youtube.com videos pledging to change the world , where are you ?
Are you really going to own this election ?
iReport.com : Young voters head to the polls
Quite possibly , says one political scientist .
Think back to your college days .
You 're cramming for a final , you procrastinate .
But in the end , on exam day , you will show up .
Or will you ?
We can't wait to find out .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Campbell Brown .
All About Election Campaigns
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
10/03/2008
They ' agree ' ?
Yea , Gwen ?
by Jeremy Hooper
We 've already shown you the clip of Biden and Palin 's take on gay equality , and given you our thoughts on the matter .
But we want to look at one particular moment from last night 's debate just a little more closely .
The point we want to look at is how moderator Gwen Ifil wrapped up the gay discussion :
Okay , so yes , both Biden and Palin voiced non-support for the word marriage .
But prior to this , Joe Biden had just given a passionate call for parity in terms of benefits , saying he " absolutely , positively " supports that notion .
He also had stated , with emphasis , that " in an Obama - Biden administration , there will be absolutely no distinction from a constitutional standpoint or a legal standpoint between a same - sex and a heterosexual couple . "
Plus he said that he and Sen.
Obama are dedicated to ensuring " that committed couples in a same - sex marriage are guaranteed the same constitutional benefits as it relates to their property rights , their rights of visitation , their rights to insurance , their rights of ownership as heterosexual couples do . "
Gov. Palin , on the other hand , cited a fear that benefits are a step " towards redefining the traditional definition of marriage between one man and one woman . "
She also cited a belief that gays are " choosing " their love lives .
And not only did her speech , seemingly filled with code - worded winks to the anti-gay side , contain a bare minimum of concern for gay couples ' welfare , it also drove yet another stake in the flawed idea that Sarah Palin , in vetoing legislation to stop them , was in any way supportive of the DP benefits that came to her state under her tenure .
Now back to the initial point , which is the way Gwen Ifil wrapped up the conversation .
She basically said that the two candidates agree on same - sex marriage , and then quickly moved on .
End of story .
Only problem ?
It 's not even close to the end of this story , nor is it an accurate assessment of what came before it !
While on some matters we do n't know Biden and Palin 's specific nuance , we do have some concrete information of the differences in these tickets and potential administrations .
We know that the McCain ticket ( and the Republican party ) is in support of the marriage amendments that are up at the polls in Arizona , Florida , and California , while the Obama ticket ( and the Democratic Party ) is NOT .
Emphatically not , in fact .
And in terms of marriage , this is a MAJOR distinction .
Whereas the McCain ticket is in hopes that California 's court - mandated marriage equality is eliminated on 11/4 at the hand of majority tyranny , the Obama ticket recognizes the reality of the situation and defers to the court 's judgement .
The Dems ' pragmatic approach may lead to a reluctance to support the word marriage , but it is not reluctant to support the California Supreme Court 's reasoned judgement on constitutional equality !
Also , the Obama ticket is in favor of ridding the world of the Defense of Marriage Act .
The McCain ticket is supportive of the same .
Not to mention that John McCain , even though he voted against the Federal Marriage Amendment , has specifically indicated that he would back such a measure if certain variables ( like DOMA 's elimination and more states obtaining marriage equality ) made it " necessary . "
He even used the word " Armageddon " to describe the potential advancement of marriage equality .
Again , this is vastly different the Democratic ticket 's stance !
So yes , both Sarah P and Joey B said " NO ! " on giving gays the word marriage .
But did they and do they " agree " ?
We say no , not even close .
And we sincerely wish Gwen Ifil would have refrained from giving the American public the impression that they did and do .
Your thoughts
Per a comment on PHB I understand that AWFUL AWFUL IFILL was leaned on heavily by the right not to make any waves during the debate ... and so she did n't .. They should have thrown her out right when Palin stated she was not going to answer any of her questions , just read off her little note pad !
Let alont teh gay marriage fiasco ... how about the fact that she thinks the VP 's job is to RUN THE SENATE !
IFILL was AWFULLL !
and that 's all there is to it .
It should have been KCouric running it ...
or better yet Pam Spaulding !
Posted by : LOrion | Oct 3 , 2008 11:29:40 AM
Honestly , along with so many other aspects of responsible journalism , it seems that we have thrown out the very definition of " debate . "
Neither Lehrer nor Ifil conducted a true debate , and neither were in any semblance of control .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Oct 3 , 2008 11:52:26 AM
I think that Ifil's , " Wonderful , you agree ! " was more tongue - in - cheek , and not meant to suggest that the two actually agreed .
And , from the laughter of the crowd , they seemed to get the joke too .
Granted , it may have seemed to be in bad taste , but on a more cynical level it seemed that she was mocking the moose terminator .
My big problem was that Palin was asked whether she agreed that the rights of same - sex couples should be exactly the same as those of opposite - sex couples , and Palin reframed the question so that she could dodge it .
Either that , or she was n't paying attention when Biden asked the question ?
Or she could n't remember his question ?
Either way , it does n't speak well for her .
Posted by : Dick Mills | Oct 3 , 2008 1:12:55 PM
Hmm .. I do n't see it at all tongue - in - cheek , Dick .
I see any laughter attached to it as like , " Oh wow -- you two can finally agree on something ! "
Posted by : G - A - Y | Oct 3 , 2008 1:43:47 PM
I 'll just say briefly that Jeremy saw clues and winks and code words and stuff that that I just did n't see .
And as much as it may serve a partisan purpose to claim that McCain is a die - hard supporter of the marriage propositions and Obama a valiant warriar against their passage , the truth is that neither is involved .
McCain sent an email to Prop 8 ( and has taken a position Prop 102 or Amendment 2 , as far as I know , though we can presume it would be favorable if he did ) and Obama has sent a letter of opposition on Prop 8 ( and nothing on the others , I believe , though he no doubt opposes them ) .
Yes , Obama 's position is better .
But I 'd certainly not see " hopes " or " emphatically " on either side .
OK , sidetrack over .
In NO WAY were Palin and Biden in agreement .
It may be a bit dangerous to say this ... but Palin was masterful in avoiding the question or debating the details .
Much smarter than I would have expected - we should not underestimate this woman .
Behind that folksy exterior is a woman who is fully aware that she avoided a direct question and got away with it .
And Ifel should NOT have allowed it to happen , much less parrot the response Palin wanted .
Biden supports ( limited , ugh ) civil equality .
Palin opposes even partner medical benefits .
It 's NOT the same .
Posted by : Timothy | Oct 3 , 2008 3:28:41 PM
" And as much as it may serve a partisan purpose to claim that McCain is a die - hard supporter of the marriage propositions and Obama a valiant warriar against their passage , the truth is that neither is involved . "
Alright , Timothy , I 'm getting a little tired of this .
I 'm hardly a partisan who would make claims only to serve the Dems !
Die -hard or not , MCCAIN SUPPORTS STATE -LEVEL MARRIAGE BANS .
AND HE ONLY OPPOSED THE FMA WITH THE CAVEAT THAT THE WOULD SUPPORT IT IF CONDITIONS GOT WORSE !
You have run cover for him on this issue for the past year or so , and at times attempted to paint me as unreasonable for presenting McCain as anti-marriage equality .
That is simply unfair .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Oct 3 , 2008 3:47:04 PM
Jeremy ,
Yes I know that they came down on opposite sides on Prop 8 .
And by all means , say so .
Repeatedly and regularly .
But you do make it seem as though McCain is campaigning or making some effort to get Prop 8 passed .
Other than an email , that is not factually correct .
Nor is it correct that Obama is emphatically opposing Prop 8 .
His opposition is limited to a letter .
Those are facts .
And while it is absolutely fair to state that the candidates are not in agreement and that Obama has opposed Prop 8 , it is not fair to create a false impression .
I live in CA .
I would WELCOME Obama 's support .
I 'm annoyed as heck that it has been limited to a single statement .
Trust me , I worry about the vote .
And I think that in our state Obama could be very influential in encouraging Africa Americans ( and many others ) to vote " No " .
And I 'm not carrying water for McCain .
I do n't want to give a false notion about his lack of support for basic civil equalities .
But it is NOT true to say that he would support FMA " if the conditions got worse " .
That 's just not factually correct .
He said that if the states were forced to recognize another state 's standards , he would support an amendment TO REMOVE THAT REQUIREMENT .
He 's NEVER said he 'd support an amendment to dictate heterosexual marriage only .
There is a HUGE difference and if we check the record we 'll see that Hillary Clinton did not want to dissolve the whole DOMA for just that reason .
( I tend to agree with her at this point ) Yes , McCain is opposed to marriage equality .
Yes , he supports state - level bans .
That is an accurate presentation .
But we do need to keep our declarations about him within the confines of factual reporting .
His positions are bad enough .
We do n't need to exagerate them or extrapolate from them or say that he's " in hopes " of something he 's put zero effort towards .
Do n't you agree ?
Posted by : Timothy | Oct 3 , 2008 4:52:23 PM
" But you do make it seem as though McCain is campaigning or making some effort to get Prop 8 passed . "
That is absolute hogwash !
I have done nothing of the sort !
All I have said , repeatedly , is that John McCain supports state - level bans , and that he would support the FMA if we get some of the progress that we are seeking ( DOMA elimination , more states with full marriage , etc ) .
To me that is MORE than enough reason for gays to be wary .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Oct 3 , 2008 5:00:18 PM
It is inexcusable that Palin was able to dodge that question the way she did .
Biden 's answer was far from perfect , but it was still in our corner and consistent with previous statements from the Obama campaign .
On a side note , I wonder how long it will take the LCR 's to jump on this .
Posted by : Rainbow Phoenix | Oct 3 , 2008 5:01:52 PM
McCain said he 'd support AN AMENDMENT , but as best I can tell it would be to allow states to each define their own marriages .
I hate being put in the position of having to defend John McCain .
But is it really right to say " he would support the FMA if we get some of the progress that we are seeking " , when he did n't say that ?
If you have a link , please share it .
But will you please please just consider not making this claim unless you can back it up ?
That would be fair , right ?
Posted by : Timothy | Oct 3 , 2008 7:13:10 PM
Oh PLEASE .
Timothy , just listen to his floor speech on the day of the FMA vote : http://www.goodasyou.org/mccainfloor.mp3
I 'm sorry , but to me those conditions are still not an acceptable basis to support a federal measure .
Quite the contrary .
So I think it is 100 % fair to say that " he would support the FMA if we get some of the progress that we are seeking . "
And I think you are being 100 % UNfair to say he " did n't say that , " as if I 'm misquoting him or something !
But then again , you did once directly compare to Peter LaBarbera on here ( with virtually no apology ) , so .. whatever .
Also , there have been more and more social conservatives indicating that McCain has expressed more of a willingness on an FMA .
On Signorile 's show today , Bishop Harry Jackson gave just such an indication .
And let 's not forget that Jerry Falwell indicated as much before he died :
http://www.newsadvance.com/lna/news/local/article/mccain_to_speak_at_liberty_graduation/2382/
And why do YOU think his version of an FMA would be his own creation ?
Where is your link ?
Posted by : G - A - Y | Oct 3 , 2008 7:40:25 PM
Jeremy ,
Go listen again .
He says : " If ... list of conditions ... then and only then should we consider quite appropriately amending the Constitution of the United States " .
He does NOT - I repeat NOT - say amending it to ban gay marriage .
It 's not in there .
He does n't say amend the Constitution with the FMA .
Again , not in there .
Setting a federal marriage definition and imposing it on the states is contrary to his idealogy .
He WOULD be in favor of those states banning marriage for themselves and if the courts forced them to recognize marriage he 'd support an amendment TO allow THEMSELVES to self determination about marriage .
He 's never said anything ever at any point which supports the accusation that he would support FMA .
As for the newspaper account ( not quote ) from Jerry Falwell 's repeating the gist of a conversation , well we were n't there .
But rather than go by what Brown said that Falwell said that McCain said , let 's go to the source : " As a Republican , I am a strong advocate for federalism .
States should be able to decide as many issues as possible .
That ’s certainly the case on the definition of marriage .
My home state of Arizona should n’t be compelled to recognize a marriage from California or Massachusetts .
Those states can decide that issue by themselves . "
Does that sound to you like he wants to impose a federal definition of marriage on California or Massachusetts ?
We can disagree with him about whether states should be able to ban marriage equality at all .
But I do not think that you have provided evidence that McCain wants a federal definition .
Posted by : Timothy | Oct 3 , 2008 8:28:26 PM
NRO " Bench Memos " : McCain's " federalism " view could someday soon become the reason why he reverses course on the FMA .
For McCain has long said — and said so again yesterday , in Philadelphia — that if any state is made to accept out - of - state " gay marriages , " then he is all for an FMA .
He said yesterday : " [ I ] f some federal judge rules that all the states must recognize the [ gay ] marriages in Massachusetts , I would be in favor of pursuing a Constitutional amendment . "
When California recognizes same - sex " marriages " next Tuesday —- and with state authorities saying they will not limit it to California residents — the likelihood of SSM 's involuntary transmission to another state will increase exponentially .
http://bench.nationalreview.com/post/?q=ZGY0MWU0Yjk4MzNiNDIzYTczZWI3ZDU3N2IwNDcwMjQ=
This is fruitless .
It 's Friday .
I 'm done .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Oct 3 , 2008 8:58:37 PM
" Yes , McCain is opposed to marriage equality .
Yes , he supports state - level bans .
That is an accurate presentation . "
Actually , that 's pretty much what Obama has consistently said .
The Jim Crow staples of separate - but - equal ( civil unions but do n't use the M - word !!! ) and States Rights ( the familiar " leave it up to the states " schtick ) make that pretty clear .
What that part of the debate , and Ifill 's dismissive response , should tell people dedicated to equal rights is that while an Obama - Biden administration would be more approachable than a McCain - Palin one , no one can take anything for granted .
They 're politicians .
They 'd sell their granddaughters to a Singapore whorehouse if they thought it would get them elected .
We all need to be realistic about that .
Posted by : Bobs Friend | Oct 4 , 2008 1:16:56 PM
Yes .
They 're all politicians .
But with an Obama / Biden administration there is a chance of acheiving full equality -- with McCain / Palin , think snowball and Hell .
It ca n't be said any better than that .
Obama 's campaign is one that tip - toes on egg shells .
He can't be TOO anything if he ever hopes to see the White House .
McCain can be angry and he's the crotchety maverick , if Obama does the same thing , he 's the scary black man and unelectable .
There are double standards all around that we just have to suck up and deal with .
Like Biden and Palin .
He could have easily made her look stupid , but it would have backfired and America would have felt sorry for the folksy governor .
More egg shells .
One more month .
Hopefully Obama can keep his cool that long .
Posted by : Taylor Siluwé | Oct 4 , 2008 5:47:48 PM
Jeremy , I hear " an amendment " and you hear " an amendment to ban gay marriage in the states that have it " .
OK .
I think it might be best if I held off on my comments for about another month .
We should be back into agreement on most things by that time .
Posted by : Timothy | Oct 4 , 2008 10:41:28 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
" Oh , well , actually Jesus was n't really crucified .
He was fixed to a tree , because ... they did n't have the technology to make crosses back then "
This is an ample opportunity to tell the short story of one woman 's ignorance of history .
I was in hospital ( visiting ) and vaguely listening to the visitors at the next bed , one of whom was trying to convert a male muslim nurse to Christianity .
The guy politely explained that , yes Jesus is revered under Islam - but he is not given the same consideration as he is by Christian s. Sadly , this did not seem to deter the evangelical visitor ( " have you ever considered .... Jesus " ) - it also prompted a nearby female nurse to say :
I know this is a small point , but it seems to exemplify ignorance of many subjects , not just religion .
Jesus was crucified by the Romans !
The same people that made huge catapults , ballistae , forts , and so on .
One of the most technologically advanced people around at the time .
How could they fail to fix two pieces of wood together ?
I do n't think that theologians or scientists consider the kind of wilful ignorance some people would have to wade through to grasp the arguments they make .
Uninformed opinion will only ever be swayed by emotion , not facts or reason .
Perhaps we are entering a new ' twilight age ' where half the people are in a self - imposed dark age and the rest are n't .
Despite freely available information and relatively high literacy , many just do n't bother .
The decision to make public a presidential order of last July authorizing American strikes inside Pakistan without seeking the approval of the Pakistani government ends a long debate within , and on the periphery of , the Bush administration .
Senator Barack Obama , aware of this ongoing debate during his own long battle with Hillary Clinton , tried to outflank her by supporting a policy of U.S. strikes into Pakistan .
Senator John McCain and Vice Presidential candidate Sarah Palin have now echoed this view and so it has become , by consensus , official U.S. policy .
Its effects on Pakistan could be catastrophic , creating a severe crisis within the army and in the country at large .
The overwhelming majority of Pakistanis are opposed to the U.S. presence in the region , viewing it as the most serious threat to peace .
Why , then , has the U.S. decided to destabilize a crucial ally ?
Within Pakistan , some analysts argue that this is a carefully coordinated move to weaken the Pakistani state yet further by creating a crisis that extends way beyond the badlands on the frontier with Afghanistan .
Its ultimate aim , they claim , would be the extraction of the Pakistani military ’s nuclear fangs .
If this were the case , it would imply that Washington was indeed determined to break up the Pakistani state , since the country would very simply not survive a disaster on that scale .
In my view , however , the expansion of the war relates far more to the Bush administration ’s disastrous occupation in Afghanistan .
It is hardly a secret that the regime of President Hamid Karzai is becoming more isolated with each passing day , as Taliban guerrillas move ever closer to Kabul .
When in doubt , escalate the war is an old imperial motto .
The strikes against Pakistan represent — like the decisions of President Richard Nixon and his National Security Adviser Henry Kissinger to bomb and then invade Cambodia ( acts that , in the end , empowered Pol Pot and his monsters ) — a desperate bid to salvage a war that was never good , but has now gone badly wrong .
It is true that those resisting the NATO occupation cross the Pakistan - Afghan border with ease .
However , the U.S. has often engaged in quiet negotiations with them .
Several feelers have been put out to the Taliban in Pakistan , while U.S. intelligence experts regularly check into the Serena Hotel in Swat to discuss possibilities with Mullah Fazlullah , a local pro-Taliban leader .
The same is true inside Afghanistan .
After the U.S. invasion of Afghanistan in 2001 , a whole layer of the Taliban ’s middle - level leadership crossed the border into Pakistan to regroup and plan for what lay ahead .
By 2003 , their guerrilla factions were starting to harass the occupying forces in Afghanistan and , during 2004 , they began to be joined by a new generation of local recruits , by no means all jihadists , who were being radicalized by the occupation itself .
Though , in the world of the Western media , the Taliban has been entirely conflated with al - Qaeda , most of their supporters are , in fact , driven by quite local concerns .
If NATO and the U.S. were to leave Afghanistan , their political evolution would most likely parallel that of Pakistan ’s domesticated Islamists .
The neo -Taliban now control at least twenty Afghan districts in Kandahar , Helmand , and Uruzgan provinces .
It is hardly a secret that many officials in these zones are closet supporters of the guerrilla fighters .
Though often characterized as a rural jacquerie they have won significant support in southern towns and they even led a Tet - style offensive in Kandahar in 2006 .
Elsewhere , mullahs who had initially supported President Karzai ’s allies are now railing against the foreigners and the government in Kabul .
For the first time , calls for jihad against the occupation are even being heard in the non-Pashtun northeast border provinces of Takhar and Badakhshan .
The neo -Taliban have said that they will not join any government until " the foreigners " have left their country , which raises the question of the strategic aims of the United States .
Is it the case , as NATO Secretary - General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer suggested to an audience at the Brookings Institution earlier this year , that the war in Afghanistan has little to do with spreading good governance in Afghanistan or even destroying the remnants of al - Qaeda ?
Is it part of a master plan , as outlined by a strategist in NATO Review in the Winter of 2005 , to expand the focus of NATO from the Euro - Atlantic zone , because " in the 21st century NATO must become an alliance designed to project systemic stability beyond its borders " ?
As that strategist went on to write : " The centre of gravity of power on this planet is moving inexorably eastward .
As it does , the nature of power itself is changing .
The Asia - Pacific region brings much that is dynamic and positive to this world , but as yet the rapid change therein is neither stable nor embedded in stable institutions .
Until this is achieved , it is the strategic responsibility of Europeans and North Americans , and the institutions they have built , to lead the way [ S ] ecurity effectiveness in such a world is impossible without both legitimacy and capability . "
Such a strategy implies a permanent military presence on the borders of both China and Iran .
Given that this is unacceptable to most Pakistanis and Afghans , it will only create a state of permanent mayhem in the region , resulting in ever more violence and terror , as well as heightened support for jihadi extremism , which , in turn , will but further stretch an already over - extended empire .
Globalizers often speak as though U.S. hegemony and the spread of capitalism were the same thing .
This was certainly the case during the Cold War , but the twin aims of yesteryear now stand in something closer to an inverse relationship .
For , in certain ways , it is the very spread of capitalism that is gradually eroding U.S. hegemony in the world .
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin ’s triumph in Georgia was a dramatic signal of this fact .
The American push into the Greater Middle East in recent years , designed to demonstrate Washington ’s primacy over the Eurasian powers , has descended into remarkable chaos , necessitating support from the very powers it was meant to put on notice .
Pakistan ’s new , indirectly elected President , Asif Zardari , the husband of the assassinated Benazir Bhutto and a Pakistani " godfather " of the first order , indicated his support for U.S. strategy by inviting Afghanistan ’s Hamid Karzai to attend his inauguration , the only foreign leader to do so .
Twinning himself with a discredited satrap in Kabul may have impressed some in Washington , but it only further decreased support for the widower Bhutto in his own country .
The key in Pakistan , as always , is the army .
If the already heightened U.S. raids inside the country continue to escalate , the much - vaunted unity of the military High Command might come under real strain .
At a meeting of corps commanders in Rawalpindi on September 12th , Pakistani Chief of Staff General Ashfaq Kayani received unanimous support for his relatively mild public denunciation of the recent U.S. strikes inside Pakistan in which he said the country ’s borders and sovereignty would be defended " at all costs " .
Saying , however , that the Army will safeguard the country ’s sovereignty is different from doing so in practice .
This is the heart of the contradiction .
Perhaps the attacks will cease on November 4th .
Perhaps pigs ( with or without lipstick ) will fly .
What is really required in the region is an American / NATO exit strategy from Afghanistan , which should entail a regional solution involving Pakistan , Iran , India , and Russia .
These four states could guarantee a national government and massive social reconstruction in that country .
No matter what , NATO and the Americans have failed abysmally .
First published at Tom Dispatch
Tariq
Ali ’s new book is The Duel : Pakistan on the Flight Path of American Power
5
The Best Bag On Earth
Roger Runningen
Bloomberg
September 22 , 2008
President George W. Bush said the administration ’s $ 700 billion plan to buy troubled financial assets must be enacted quickly and that failure to act would spread damage to the entire country .
“ Failure to act would have broad consequences far beyond Wall Street , ” Bush said in a statement today before leaving the White House for a three - day annual meeting of the United Nations General Assembly in New York .
“ It would threaten small business owners and homeowners on Main Street . ”
The three - page rescue plan sent to Congress Sept. 20 empowers Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson to purchase mortgage - related securities from U.S. financial companies .
The administration widened the scope of bad loans that may be acquired , potentially including car loans , credit - card debt and other devalued assets held by banks .
Read article
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Their financial payback time is much longer than their life expectancy and in urban areas they will not even deliver as much energy as was needed to produce them .
Sad , but true .
A small windmill on your roof or in the garden is an attractive idea .
Unfortunately , commercially available micro wind turbines deliver hardly enough energy to power a light bulb .
Small windmills have been around for some decades , but in recent years the focus has shifted on developing their potential use in an urban environment ( where most of us live ) .
It ’s difficult to keep track of the numerous proposed new designs , meant to be placed on the roof or on a mast in the garden .
Small windmills in built - up environments are a remarkable trend .
Through the ages , windmills have always demanded a free flow of strong wind .
They are preferably placed on an open plain , as high as possible , with no obstacles around .
In cities , however , this is not the case .
Yet , the designers of urban windmills all claim to have invented a “ revolutionary ” windmill , especially created for the low wind speeds in those environments .
Most of these windmills are not yet commercially available , which makes it hard to verify whether or not the claims of the designers are justified .
The few that are include the “ Energy Ball ” , a product from the Netherlands which is also sold in the neighbouring country of Belgium .
The windmill is made by a company named “ Home Energy ” ( read a snippet of their website in English , French and Swedish ) .
The Energy Ball , which can be placed on a roof or on a mast in the garden , is said to deliver more energy than a traditional windmill , and to generate electricity at a very low wind speed of 2 metres per second ( Beaufort 2 ) .
The secret of these results is the “ Venturi - effect ” , inspired by river currents .
Thanks to the “ unusual and exceptional aerodynamic characteristics ” , the machine creates a wind flow pattern that “ converges first and is then accelerated through the rotor ” .
Furthermore , Home Energy labels the Energy Ball as " beautiful " and " noiseless " , addressing two important objections against urban windmills : noise pollution and visual intrusion .
Energy output : 100 kWh per year
All this sounds promising , but do the numbers add up ?
Home Energy states that the Energy Ball can deliver 500 kilowatt - hours of electricity per year , or 15 to 20 percent of the electricity use of an average Dutch household ( which consumes 3,567 kWh per year ) .
But these claims are based on an average wind speed of 7 metres per second ( Beaufort 4 ) – highly optimistic .
If you look at the wind map of the Netherlands below ( this data is nowhere to be found on the Home Energy website ) you can see that the average wind speed on land ( at a height of 10 meters ) is only 4.3 metres per second .
Holland is also a notoriously windy country .
Only a small part of the coastline receives an average wind speed of 7 metres per second .
In Belgium , the average wind speed at the coastline is nowhere higher than 6 metres per second .
At an average wind speed of 4 metres per second , the yearly electricity output of the Energy Ball only amounts to 100 kilowatt - hours ( this figure comes from their website ) .
This is not 15 to 20 percent , but just 3 to 4 percent of the yearly electricity use of an average Dutch household ( 100 kilowatt - hours corresponds to a continuous power consumption of 11 watts ) .
Obstacles like trees and buildings can make the yields in specific locations even lower than that .
Payback time : 50 to 750 years
The very low power output of the Energy Ball would not be such a problem if the machine was cheap .
After all , as Home Energy states , the windmills can be placed in series .
However , the price of one Energy Ball , everything included , is around 5,000 euro ( 7,300 dollar ) .
If our average Dutch household wants to cover 15 percent of their energy use by wind energy , it needs at least 5 Energy Balls .
Total cost : 25,000 euro ( 36,500 dollar ) .
If the household wants to cover all its needs by wind energy , it needs to buy 30 Energy Balls for a price of 150,000 euro ( 219,500 dollar ) .
" The energy output of the Energy Ball is based on an average wind speed of 7 metres per second , which is unrealistic in cities "
How much time does it take to earn back the initial investment of an Energy Ball ?
Home Energy is careful enough to state on their website that the payback time depends on “ the initial investment , the yearly yield and the prevailing price per kilowatt - hour ” .
However , it would be fairer to state that the Energy Ball will never pay itself back .
Rates per kilowatt - hour of electricity fluctuate largely around the world and even within countries , but let ’s assume a price of 0.20 euro , the relatively high average electricity price in the Netherlands ( that ’s 0.29 dollar – three times the price of electricity in the US ) .
If you also assume Home Energy ’s optimistic average wind speed of 7 metres per second ( which corresponds to an output of 500 kilowatt - hours ) then the payback time is 50 years .
Take a more realistic average wind speed of 4 metres per second and the payback time becomes 250 years .
At the average US electricity price , payback time is 750 years .
Warranty of 2 years
Of course , electricity prices may rise , and the Energy Ball may become cheaper to produce .
If you assume an electricity rate of 1 euro ( 1.46 dollar ) per kWh , then the Energy Ball pays itself back in 10 years ( at the most optimistic wind speed of 7 m /s ) or in 50 years ( at a more realistic wind speed of 4 m /s ) .
If Home Energy can also cut the selling price in half , then we are talking about a payback time of 5 years ( at high average wind speed ) or 25 years ( at realistic average wind speed ) .
Even in these hypothetic cases , however , payback time is speculative .
According to the manufacturer , the life expectancy of the Energy Ball is 20 years .
That ’s just a promise .
The machine comes with a warranty of only 2 years .
Solar panels have a warranty of at least 20 years .
Contrary to solar panels , windmills consist of mechanically moving parts , which means that there are more breakage possibilities .
Embodied energy
Advocates of personal windmills sometimes admit that yields are not very impressive .
But they state that buying a small windmill can still be a good choice from an ecological viewpoint , even if it is crazy from a financial perspective .
This sounds rather reasonable , but something is forgotten here : the energy needed to manufacture and install these machines .
Urban windmills are not as energy - intensive to produce as solar panels , but since they also have much lower yields and much lower life expectancies than solar panels , their energy footprint is even worse .
According to a recent report by the UK Carbon Trust , windmills in urban environments will almost always have an energy payback of more than 20 years .
In other words : small windmills in cities will never deliver as much energy as was needed to manufacture and install them .
Installing an urban windmill will actually harm the environment .
On the other hand , the energy payback time of a large windmill is less than one year .
Wind physics
Ecotech boffins will be fast to reply that the Energy Ball might be a failure , but that it does not mean that other concepts can not do better .
Unfortunately , the problem is not the windmill – it is the wind .
The Dutch have a long tradition of designing windmills , so there is a big chance that the Energy Ball does better than its competitors .
" Doubling the wind speed increases wind power 8 times .
How you design a windmill hardly makes any difference "
Wind speed has a much larger influence on energy output than the design of a windmill .
To calculate wind power you have to multiply the density of air , the swept area and the cube of wind speed .
Doubling the rotor radius of a wind turbine increases wind power 4 times .
Doubling the wind speed increases wind power 8 times .
At an average wind speed of 7 metres per second , a windmill delivers 5.36 times more energy than at an average wind speed of 4 metres per second .
How you design your windmill hardly makes any difference .
Cut - in speed
At lower average wind speeds , even very small changes can make a huge difference .
According to the Carbon Trust the cut - in speed of a small wind turbine ( the moment it starts producing energy ) is between 3 and 4 metres per second .
This is close to the average wind speed on land in rather windy countries like Belgium and the Netherlands .
A test by the Carbon Trust ( see graphics below ) showed that a windmill receiving an average wind speed of 4.5 metres per second produced 7 times more energy than a windmill receiving an average wind speed of 3 metres per second – because the latter is not operating most of the time since it does not reach its cut - in speed .
While large wind turbines have an average capacity factor of 28 to 35 percent , small windmills only achieve 15 to 20 percent of their capacity in rural areas and only 10 percent in urban areas .
Home Energy claims a lower cut - in speed of 2 metres per second , but that ’s just bogus .
And they know it : in the Q&A section of their Dutch website they admit that the windmill starts rotating at 2 metres per second , but only starts delivering energy at 3 metres per second .
Height
An important factor to do with wind speed is height : wind speed rises and is more constant the higher you go , which is the reason why traditional windmills are built ever larger and why the concept of floating windmills is attracting so much interest .
It is also the reason why the potential of small windmills is generally overestimated .
When you are shown a wind map , the chance is big that it concerns a map of wind speeds at a height of 75 metres or more , indicating the potential of traditional windmills .
Wind maps showing the wind speed at a height of 10 metres are much harder to find .
Urban windmills are - by definition - located close to ground level , where wind speed is as low as it can be .
Of course , you can place your urban windmill on a mast of 100 metres , but such a construction would make the carbon footprint of the machine even worse .
Placing windmills on a skyscraper is of not much help either : in this case you have much higher wind speeds but the roof is way too small to set up a windmill for every household that lives in the building .
What we need
The fundamental problem of urban windmills is that they harvest electricity from an inferior energy source .
On a rooftop in a built - up environment , wind speed is low and freakish .
And while you can think of a thousand ways to change the design of an urban windmill , it is impossible to change the wind itself .
" Most wind maps show wind speed at a height of 75 metres or more "
Installing one big windmill will therefore always be a better choice ( economically as well as ecologically ) than installing many more small wind turbines instead .
Sad , but true .
This is not the case with solar panels .
Other buildings ( or trees ) might cast shadows on solar panels in a city , but if that can be avoided , capturing solar energy from your roof is not less efficient than capturing solar energy from a larger solar plant .
Since it is impossible to substantially improve the power output of urban windmills , the only hope for decentralised wind energy is to produce machines which are much cheaper and more importantly leave a much smaller carbon footprint and / or have a much longer service life .
Kris De Decker ( edited by Shameez Joubert )
Update : Small windmills put to the test
It seems that we have been too friendly for the Energy Ball .
A real - world test by the Dutch province of Zeeland ( a very windy place ) confirms our analysis that small windmills are a fundamentally flawed technology .
The Energy Ball has the worst score of all , with an energy yield of only 73 kWh per year , even less than our worst case scenario .
Other micro wind turbines did not do much better .
Read the article here .
Related articles :
Advertisements
It seems that the savior of the Republican Party , Sarah Palin was stupid enough to actually still be using her personal Yahoo email account , and she got herself hacked .
This led to shock and outrage by the McCain campaign over the invasion of the potential vice president ’s privacy .
McCain campaign manager Rick Davis said , “ This is a shocking invasion of the Governor ’s privacy and a violation of law .
The matter has been turned over to the appropriate authorities and we hope that anyone in possession of these emails will destroy them .
We will have no further comment . ”
Before I get into the politics of this I think we all can agree that no one should have their personal email account hacked , and that it is an invasion of privacy .
That being said , why in the heck was a sitting governor using a public email service like Yahoo , when she has an official secure email account with the state ?
Any public figure who takes the security risk of using an unsecure email service is asking to be hacked .
It is a symptom of how out of touch the McCain campaign truly is , if they are shocked at all by this development , especially with the trooper gate investigation going on and a lot of curious eyes on Palin and her email .
At very best , she was using her email account for personal reasons , and having said email posted all over the Internet will only cause personal embarrassment .
At worst , there is something in that account that could harm the campaign .
Advertisements
Either way , both Palin and the McCain campaign should have known better .
If Palin did n’t know better , then somebody with the McCain campaign should have closed down her Yahoo account as soon as she became his running mate , but if the McCain campaign is n’t even organized enough to keep Palin ’s email out of public hands , how can they be trusted with actual state secrets ?
It is only Wednesday and this week has been a disaster for McCain .
His bounce is gone , the buzz around his running mate has been knocked off the front pages , and he has advisors claiming that he helped create the Blackberry .
The last thing they needed was Palin ’s private email being displayed all over the Internet .
McCain likes to tout his experience , but Obama is running the tighter campaign .
If his campaign is any indication of his governing style , a President McCain might cause America to yearn for the good old days of George W. Bush
In a previous post I ran into some problems with Buildr ’s support for Specs in combination with JUnit .
I googled a bit and came up with nothing so I did what all newbies do .
Ask the pros on the mailinglist :)
( I stayed away from “ plz help ” and “ could you plz send me a patch ” ) .
I was ( of course ) suggested to try the latest from head and I felt an unpleasant resistance towards downloading archives , figuring out how to point gems to the latest version etc .
All of those things are probably simple but I just want to develop some Scala code and did not look forward to it .
Well , boy was I worrying in vain !
Side - note : After years of pre-switch anxiety I recently just got over myself and converted to Linux from Windows .
I am a very happy Ubuntu user and I think that this post will illuminate some of the advantages I experience when it comes to software development .
The scala - support is relatively new in Buildr so it seems like a good idea to make it easy to use the latest development version of Buildr .
Buildr makes it ’s source available via GitHub .
With my recent experiences with Mercurial I had the feeling that I would much prefer Git over Svn .
Ok , let ’s get started …
Keep in mind that most of the console - text you see below is output .
It is actually 3 very simple steps followed by a 4th to actually test it .
For your convenience I have marked everything you actually need to type in red .
Step 1 – install git
jocke@euroblok:~/dev/3rd/buildr-head$ sudo apt - get install git-core
3 seconds later :
... ( Reading database ... 222430 files and directories currently installed . )
Unpacking git-core ( from .../git-core_1%3a1.5.4.3-1ubuntu2_i386.deb ) ...
Setting up git-core ( 1:1.5.4.3-1ubuntu2 ) ...
That ’s how hard it is to install git :)
Step 2 – cloning the buildr repository
Now lets clone Buildr ’s repository :
jocke@euroblok:~/dev/3rd/buildr-head$ git clone git://github.com/vic/buildr.git
And git starts getting the Buildr code :
Initialized empty Git repository in /home / jocke / dev/3rd/buildr-head/buildr/.git/ remote : Counting objects : 4075 , done .
remote : Compressing objects : 100 % ( 945/945 ) , done .
remote : Total 4075 ( delta 3061 ) , reused 4075 ( delta 3061 )
Receiving objects : 100 % ( 4075/4075 ) , 2.04 MiB | 554 KiB/s , done .
Resolving deltas : 100 % ( 3061/3061 ) , done .
That only took a few seconds .
Step 3 – adding your repository to the path
I look in the fetched repository and in the root there is a script named _buildr that according to it ’s comments should be used if you want to run buildr from source without having to do a rake install .
Not having to do stuff is exactly what I ’m after , let ’s make the final touch so I can use alternate between using buildr from my repository and running the latest stable version .
I create a launch - script on my source - path , in my case have ~ / bin on my path so I create it there like this :
jocke@euroblok:~/bin$ cat > _buildr #!/bin/sh /home/jocke/dev/3rd/buildr-head/buildr/_buildr jocke@euroblok:~/bin$ chmod +x _buildr
Just end the cat > _buildr command with ctrl+c when done typing or just use vim or whatever you prefer instead .
I used cat from stdin here just to be able to show all relevant information in the post .
Step 4 – test it !
Now I can use buildr from source whenever I want by using _buildr instead of buildr when I build :
jocke@euroblok:~/dev/publisher/scala-core$ _buildr test ( in / home / jocke / dev/ publisher , development ) Building publisher : scala- core Compiling publisher : scala - core into /home / jocke/dev/publisher / scala-core/target/classes Compiling publisher : scala-core: test into /home / jocke/dev/publisher/scala-core/target/test/classes
Running tests in publisher : scala- core Running java com.agical.publisher.content.site.PublishSiteGraphSpec
Specification " PublishSiteGraphSpec " specifies o directories are nodes
Wo n't work until MemoryResourceRepository adds resources for directories .
( PublishSiteGraphSpec.scala:19 )
Total for specification " PublishSiteGraphSpec " : Finished in 0 second , 58 ms 1 example ( 1 skipped ) , 0 assertion , 0 failure , 0 error [ Completed ]
Your build has completed : / home / jocke / dev / publisher buildr default Completed in 7.667s
That was not so hard and from now on I can pull the latest code from the repository whenever I like by running …
jocke@euroblok:~/dev/3rd/buildr-head/buildr$ git pull Already up - to - date .
… from my repository .
Sweet !
Written by Rachel Barron
The amount of wind power that the United States can generate has doubled to more than 20 gigawatts in the last two years , the American Wind Energy Association said Wednesday .
Renewable - energy policies , such as state mandates that require utilities to get a certain amount of their energy from renewable sources , have helped drive the growth of U.S. wind from 10 gigawatts in 2006 .
The wind association , also known as AWEA , attributes part of the success of wind specifically to its lower production cost compared with other renewables , such as solar power .
Earlier this year , the association said the United States had passed Germany as the world 's biggest wind - energy generator .
Germany still wears the crown for having the most installed wind - power capacity , but the United States generated more wind power due to stronger winds .
AWEA expects the U.S. wind industry to reach a total capacity of about 24.3 gigawatts by the year 's end .
Such expansion would mark wind as one of the fastest - growing electricity sources in the nation , second only to natural gas , in terms of production capacity .
Wind made up 35 percent of the total electricity capacity installed in 2007 , according to AWEA .
But capacity does n't equal production .
Wind power only provides about 1.5 percent of the nation 's electricity .
The U.S. Department of Energy in May forecast that wind power could reach 20 percent of the nation 's power supply by 2030 .
AWEA said it is concerned that wind power might not realize its full potential if the federal government does not extend a production tax credit , which is set to expire at the end of this year .
The credit pays 2 cents per kilowatt - hour of wind electricity generated from utility - scale wind projects .
China also is attracting more wind power .
On Wednesday , Canadian greentech project developer Global 8 Environmental Technologies said it would form a joint venture with China Tong Liao Baolong New Energy Ltd. to build more wind farms in the Asian country .
The two companies plan to build a research center focused on converting the wind blowing through the Tongliao region of China into energy .
The new company will be called Tong Liao Wind Energy Production Ltd .
The venture hopes to develop $ 1 billion of wind farms with the capacity to generate a total of 1 gigawatt of electricity annually .
The first phase of the project calls for 33 wind turbines with an annual capacity of 49.5 megawatts , according to Global 8 .
China ranks fifth in the world when it comes to installed wind - energy capacity , according to the council , with more than 6 gigawatts installed by the end of 2007 .
The country holds the potential to lead the world in wind - energy development , according to the Global Wind Energy Council .
China 's installed wind - power capacity could reach 122 gigawatts by 2020 , the council predicted in a 2007 study .
Editor 's note :
Do you need investment exposure to the wind industry , but do n't know where to start ?
In " How to Outperform the Market and Manage Risk With ETFs , " Scott Rothbort writes that you can use an industry - specific exchange - traded fund ( ETF ) as a " placeholder " as you do the necessary homework on individual stocks .
The First Trust ISE Global Wind Energy Index Fund ( FAN ) - Get Report and the PowerShares Global Wind Energy Portfolio ( PWND ) are two wind - focused ETFs .
To hear about the First Trust wind ETF from Robert Carey , chief investment officer at First Trust , play the video below :
var config = new Array ( ) ; config< BRACKET >" videoId " </ BRACKET > = 1634719279 ; config< BRACKET >" playerTag " </ BRACKET > = " TSCM Embedded Video Player " ; config< BRACKET >" autoStart " </ BRACKET > = false ; config< BRACKET >" preloadBackColor " </ BRACKET > = " # FFFFFF " ; config < BRACKET>"useOverlayMenu "</ BRACKET > = " false " ; config < BRACKET >" width " </ BRACKET > = 265 ; config< BRACKET >" height " </ BRACKET > = 255 ; config< BRACKET >" playerId "</ BRACKET > = 1243645856 ; createExperience ( config , 8 ) ;
For more information about how to invest in wind , read " All You Need to Know About Wind Energy . "
Plus , on MainStreet , do n't miss " How To Decide if Wind Power Is Right for You . "
For more information about Greentech Media , please visit
www.greentechmedia.com
.
There is still a welcome mat outside A Touch of Class , and its website promises visitors " sumptuous earthly delights " .
But gentleman callers will be disappointed .
After nearly 40 years of serving the local community , Sydney 's most infamous brothel has shut up shop .
Politicians , judges and the late media magnate Kerry Packer were , reportedly , among those who frequented " Toucha " , as it was fondly known .
Mr Packer , Australia 's richest man for nearly two decades , once hired the entire venue , it was rumoured , so that his polo - playing friends could enjoy themselves with " some good , clean girls " .
Now the brothel , which operated out of three Victorian terraces in an unassuming residential street , is up for auction .
The manager , Peter Lazaris , blamed competition from a rapidly proliferating number of cheaper establishments .
He declined to comment on whether a raid by tax investigators had also played a role .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
While the fixtures and fittings – including Roman fountains , crushed velvet furnishings and themed rooms complete with silk sheets and ensuite spa baths – are not included in the package , the bricks and mortar come replete with decades of colourful history .
A Touch of Class has been a Sydney landmark since 1972 , but enjoyed its heyday in the 1980s , under the watchful eye of its most flamboyant madame , Zara Powell .
Mrs Powell , a former convent girl , wrote a book about it , after leaving to found her own establishment , Zazzi's .
But to the relief , no doubt , of many a pillar of society , she betrayed few secrets .
The brothel prided itself on its discreet image ; according to the Sydney Morning Herald , the adjoining terraces were known as the Three Wise Monkeys .
For several years , there was a large truck parked permanently outside , ensuring that coming and goings were protected from prying eyes , including people sitting in a popular beer garden directly opposite .
Rowdy drinkers , it was said , would heckle patrons on approach .
The truck collected a legendary number of parking tickets , and was replaced in the 1990s by a high wooden fence , which the local council declared illegal .
In recent years , a dark green wrought - iron screen has shielded the premises .
The brothel , located in a semi - gentrified neighbourhood near the city centre , was one of many local establishments – a search on Google lists 41 others within two miles .
But none had the same cachet , nor the same notoriety , nor the same knack of getting themselves into the papers .
When someone was caught behaving badly , or using their company credit card to pay for services , it always seemed to be at " Toucha " .
The brothel , which could fetch more than A$ 6 m ( £ 2.3 m ) , also featured in a 2006 Australian film , Candy , starring the late Heath Ledger .
The brothel was popular with visiting sailors , but had been open only intermittently of late , and missed out on what other establishments say was one of their busiest periods : World Youth Day in July , when thousands of Catholic pilgrims descended on Sydney for a week - long celebration .
The Bush Regime ’s " terrorist " protection schemes have reached the height of total incompetence and utter absurdity .
According to the American Civil Liberties Union , a private organization that defends the US Constitution that inattentive Americans neglect , there are now one million names on the " terrorist " watch list .
One of them is that of former Assistant US Attorney General Jim Robinson , whose top security clearances are current .
Every time Mr. Robinson flies away on business , he is delayed by a totally incompetent " terrorist " protection racket that cannot tell a person named Jim Robinson , who served in the highest echelons of the US government , from a Muslim terrorist .
What confidence can we have in a regime that is incapable of differentiating an Assistant US Attorney General from a terrorist ?
Mr. Robinson said : " If I were convinced that America is a safer place because I get hassled at the airport , I might put up with it , but I doubt it .
I expect my story is similar to hundreds of thousands of people who are on this list and find themselves inconvenienced . "
" Hundreds of thousands of people " on a watch list that they have no business being on ?
Yes .
" Members of Congress , nuns , war heroes and other ‘ suspicious characters , ’ with names like Robert Johnson and Gary Smith , have become trapped in the Kafkaesque clutches of this list , with little hope of escape , " said Caroline Fredrickson , director of the ACLU Washington Legislative Office .
And this is America , not Nazi Germany ?
How can Airport " Security " possibly protect anyone when the idiots cannot differentiate a high level American government official from a terrorist ?
Do you really believe there are one million terrorists and nothing has blown up in the US since September 11 , 2001 ( assuming you believe the government ’s account of that episode ) ?
How can there possibly be 1,000,000 terrorists and America still be in one piece ?
If there were 1,000,000 terrorists , America would be in ruins .
According to the Bush Regime ’s line , it only took a handful of terrorists to destroy America ’s tallest skyscrapers and a section of the Pentagon and to send the President of the United States scurrying to a hiding place .
One million terrorists could bring America to its knees , and they would n’t need to fly on airplanes to accomplish this .
What we are witnessing with the one million person " watch list " is bureaucracy run amok .
One Million Terrorists makes the danger seem overwhelming .
Such overwhelming danger rationalizes the aggressive behavior of the bullies and thugs attracted by the power of confiscating your toothpaste and bottled water and riffling your belongings in your luggage .
Show your ID .
Take off your shoes .
Take off your belt .
Take off your jacket .
Empty your pockets .
Do n’t complain about being searched without a warrant or you will miss your flight .
You might be arrested , handcuffed , kicked and otherwise abused  the fate of many American citizens .
The morons who comprise the US government call the " watch list " one of the government ’s " most effective tools in the fight against terrorism . "
What an effective tool it is !
It cannot tell the difference between Jim Robinson and a Muslim terrorist .
The " watch list " has not apprehended a single terrorist , but thousands of American citizens have been inconvenienced and arrested .
The ACLU says that " putting a million names on a watch list is a guarantee that the list will do more harm than good by interfering with the travel of innocent people and wasting huge amounts of our limited security resources on bureaucratic wheel - spinning . "
It is worse than that .
What the " watch list " or " no - fly list " is doing is training Americans to submit to warrantless searches , to abandon their constitutional rights , and to submit to humiliation by thugs and bullies .
A Gestapo is being trained to have no qualms about searching and intimidating fellow citizens , using any excuse to delay or arrest them .
Americans are being taught to use arbitrary power and to submit to arbitrary power .
In the false name of " safety from terrorists , " Americans are being made the least safe people on earth .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Foreign investors are still showing a voracious appetite for U.S. Treasury bonds ... but they 're selling everything else the United States has to offer .
According to the Treasury Department 's latest report - released Thursday - overseas investors bought a total of nearly $ 35 billion in Treasury bonds in August .
But they dumped other securities , including corporate bonds , U.S. stocks and government - agency bonds , such as those from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
The Treasury report showed that foreign investors - mostly private investors , not central banks - sold a net $ 29.4 billion in agency debt and $ 13.1 billion in corporate bonds .
The outflow from equities was less pronounced with overseas investors selling only about $ 1 billion in stocks .
There was similar movement in July .
And the latest weekly report from the Federal Reserve overseas showed investors trimming back on agency debt and increasing their holdings in Treasurys .
The selling is a possible sign of foreign investors becoming increasingly wary of any U.S. asset that is n't fully backed by the government .
And keep in mind that this latest report does n't yet reflect the full panic that came in September .
" There have been two consecutive months of overseas investors shying away and seeking Treasurys as safe havens .
I suspect this is just a preview of what we will see in September and October , " said Ward McCarthy , managing director with Stone & McCarthy Research Associates in Princeton , N.J .
Another bond expert agreed that the figures for the next few months could very well show even more outflows from everything but Treasurys , despite the fact that the government essentially nationalized Fannie and Freddie last month and announced earlier this week that it is taking ownership stakes in nine of the nation 's largest banks .
" It 's a little bit of a concern .
This is a reflection of investors panicking , " said Stephen Cooke , director of credit research with SMH Capital Advisors , a Fort Worth , Tx. - based firm that primarily invests in high - yield bonds .
" There is a flight to quality and complete aversion to risk right now even though it seems the government is guaranteeing almost everything these days , " Cooke added .
To be sure , it is encouraging that Treasurys are still perceived by the rest of the world as among the safest fixed - income investments out there .
Despite the mess that the nation 's economy is in , overseas investors have n't lost faith in the ability of the government to make due on its bonds , particularly longer - term ones .
And that 's crucial considering that the United States is likely to issue more Treasurys to finance the $ 700 billion bank bailout plan .
Still , McCarthy said it 's worrisome that foreign investors do n't appear to have faith in U.S. corporations .
He said that when the corporate bond market finally turns around , businesses are going to probably have to offer much higher yields than they had in the past to attract investors .
That translates to higher borrowing costs at a time when many businesses are already having financial difficulties .
But there 's an even bigger concern .
Investors from abroad may lose interest in the corporate bond market entirely as a result of this crisis .
" If this were to persist , there could be a significant problem , especially in the corporate bond market , " McCarthy said .
" Overseas investors , having been burned once , may shy away from the U.S. fixed income markets in the future . "
That would be terrible news .
As much as many in the United States hate having to depend on foreign investments , let 's face it : this is a global economy and few companies can afford to turn away much needed capital at a time like this .
Obsession is a Clarion Project film about the threat of radical Islam to Western civilization .
Using unique footage from Arab television and expert interviews , it reveals an “ insider view ” of the hatred the Islamists are teaching , their incitement of global jihad , and their goal of world domination .
The film also traces the parallels between the Nazi movement of World War II and the Islamic radicals of today and the Western world ’s response to both threats .
The film features experts Sir Martin Gilbert , Khaled abu Toameh , Nonie Darwish , and Professor Salim Mansur and others .
UPDATE : His personal site has been updated .
It was with great sadness that we learned of [ Mark Hoekstra ] ’s death this morning .
Earlier this week , the 34 year old hacker suffered a heart attack while riding his bicycle and was admitted to the hospital in a coma .
[ Markie ] has been a Hack a Day commenter for much of our existence and a project contributor for nearly as long .
It started simply with things like his bright green Hack a Day iPod sock and a hand crank iPod charger .
He did an excellent job documenting his projects ; many people had built IR cameras , but none were nearly as thorough as him .
He also enjoyed sharing his love for obsolete hardware with the community .
He built a wireless eMate , turned two Mac SE / 30 ’s into audio viualizers , and wired shutter glasses to an old SGI .
It was always a treat to hear about [ Mark ] ’s latest project and he ’ll be missed greatly .
[ photo : Bram Belloni ]
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A federal appeals court on Wednesday temporarily blocked the release of 17 Chinese Muslims held at the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba .
A view of a control tower building for an abandoned airport at the Guantanamo Bay U.S. Naval Base , July 27 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Randall Mikkelsen
The appeals court granted the Bush administration ’s emergency request for a stay of a federal judge ’s order that the members of the Uighur ethnic group be released into the United States at the end of this week .
In a sharp rebuke for the Bush administration , U.S. District Judge Ricardo Urbina ruled Tuesday there was no evidence the detainees , who have been held at Guantanamo for nearly seven years , were “ enemy combatants ” or a security risk .
He ordered that the prisoners be brought to his courtroom for a hearing Friday morning , when they would be freed and allowed to live with Uighur families in the area .
The administration immediately asked for a stay of the judge ’s order while it appeals the case before the U.S. appeals court .
The three - judge panel said it granted the stay only to give the appeals court more time to consider the dispute .
The court ordered that briefs be filed by both sides on various dates through October 16 .
It then will have decide whether the stay should remain in place .
The court said the temporary , administrative stay “ should not be construed in any way as a ruling on the merits ” of the government ’s request .
Although the U.S. military no longer considers the Uighurs “ enemy combatants , ” they have remained at Guantanamo because the United States has been unable to find a country willing to take them .
In seeking a stay , the Justice Department told the appeals court that diplomatic negotiations were continuing in an effort to find an appropriate country to which the detainees could be sent .
Lawyers for the detainees opposed the request and said granting the stay would prolong the imprisonment of the Uighurs “ by months and perhaps years . ”
They said , “ The government has delayed long enough . ”
In 2006 , the United States allowed five Chinese Muslims released from Guantanamo to go to Albania .
The U.S. government has said it cannot return the Uighurs to China because they would face persecution there .
Many Muslim Uighurs , who are from Xinjiang in far western China , seek greater autonomy for the region and some want independence .
Beijing has waged a relentless campaign against what it calls their violent separatist activities .
The Uighurs had been living in a camp in Afghanistan during the U.S. - led bombing campaign that began in October 2001 .
They fled into the mountains and were detained by Pakistani authorities , who handed them over to the United States .
There are about 255 detainees at Guantanamo , which was set up in January 2002 to hold terrorism suspects captured after the September 11 attacks on the United States by al Qaeda militants .
Most have been held for years without being charged and many have complained of abuse .
The year is 2019 , and a report has just come out proving that the Earth 's population is likely to suffer catastrophic collapse by the 2040s .
Energy costs are rising , a new pandemic called ReDS is devastating the globe , homelessness has reached epic proportions , and the internet has become a miasma of spam that prevents everyone from communicating .
Now it 's up to you and a few thousand other futurists to save the planet by quickly inventing new social structures that can stop all our civilizational " superthreats " before it 's too late .
This is just a broad outline of the rewardingly complex plot of a new MMO called Superstruct that the Institute for the Future launched last week .
On the game design team are futurist Jamais Cascio ( we 've got an interview with him below ) and celebrated game innovator Jane McGonigal , among many others .
They helped shape Superstruct into an experimental game that asks you to do the opposite of what most MMOs do .
Instead of inventing a character to play , you have to play yourself — 11 years into the future .
Though it launched just last week , Superstruct is already getting raves from mainstream outlets like CBS news , as well as obsessive gamer sites like ARGNet .
As much an experiment with futurism as it is an engrossing game , Superstruct is designed to teach people to prepare for a worse future — and to come up with realistic ways to fix it .
Each player must do a series of tasks , beginning with a detailed description of what you think you 'll be doing in 11 years and ending by working with other players to create new social / political / economic superstructures that could save the world before the 2040s collapse .
In the process , you 'll read news headlines about the future world , immerse yourself in the life stories of your future neighbors , and participate in detailed world - building with thousands of other players .
Your tools will be familiar : blogs , wikis , websites .
And you 'll gain points by completing tasks , as well as earning " raves " from your fellow players .
Superstruct will only last six weeks , but you still have plenty of time to sign up and join the serious fun .
Essentially , the game is an act of collective world - building with a specific , ethical purpose in mind .
We recently had a chance to talk about this purpose with one of the game 's creators , Jamais Cascio , a futurist and writer .
Here 's what he told us .
It seems as if Superstruct came along at the right time , when the globe is in the middle of a massive crisis and governments are reevaluating what to do in the future .
After 9/11 , interest in the market for foresight thinking collapsed .
Companies went out of business , and I did n't get any work doing this stuff for over a year .
Nobody wanted to think about the future .
But this time , with a bigger crisis , the financial crisis , thinking about future is what a lot of people want to do .
Superstruct hit at the right time .
A population is out there who want to think about future but do n't have a lot of practice at it .
A lot of people think the future is too big to think about and it does n't matter if they think about it anyway .
We 're trying to say that your choices do matter , even the small choices you make in daily life – everything we do casts a shadow into the future .
So in the future you 've created for 2019 , we 're dealing with what you call superthreats .
This is n't a happy world .
It 's important to remember that the five superthreats are n't five separate futures .
They 're five overlapping crises .
Like today 's financial crisis overlaps with the war in Iraq , and with AIDS , and the election .
All these things you can look at in narrow silos and look at as overlapping .
Advertisement
Why did n't you offer the possibility of a happy future where we 've made the right choices ?
Right now I 'm working on a section of the game called 21st Century Ideas , which is a page where we talk about the toolkit of solutions [ to the superthreats ] .
We chose to start by focusing on the negative aspects of the foresight experience because [ the game ] is following a dramatic arc .
When you go to the movies and see an adventure it usually stars with the bad stuff before you see the heroic team put together a solution .
If you start with all the great stuff , then go to the crisis , you do n't really see the crisis at all .
It seems like it 's already been solved .
There was an early consensus among the design team that we needed to give players a sense of terror and fear , and a sense of hope that it can be changed .
We 're not saying , " Here 's the rock slamming into planet — it 's too late . "
We 're saying collapse is not inevitable .
This is not the singularity or the rapture .
Advertisement
Did any science fiction stories influence the world you created for Superstruct ?
I can tell you that one movie that influenced my thinking about how this world looks and feels is Children of Men .
There 's a short subject on DVD that talks about how they developed their [ near future ] scenario , and that 's what we did too .
We were world building .
Setting aside narrow plot , think about how that world in Children of Men looks – that was what came to mind immediately .
The US in Superstruct 's 2019 has that look of being advanced but exhausted .
It 's important to remember that we are not doing prediction , here .
The Superstruct world that we built is not our or IFTF 's vision of what 2019 will look like .
It 's not about us telling you what will happen , but you running through a scenario and figuring out if this world is where you want to go .
It 's also about clarifying and demystifying capacities for changing the world .
Everybody in the game has to choose a superthreat to focus on .
What 's the most popular superthreat so far ?
Outlaw Planet [ the world of information scams , surveillance , and data overload ] seems to be most popular .
Even if this game is nothing like World of Warcraft , I think we have a wave of people who were conversant in that world who picked it .
Of the 5 it 's also the one that seems to be the least depressing .
The others would clearly make people 's lives miserable : starvation , lack of health care and housing .
Outlaw Planet , at least superficially , is about making people 's lives annoying .
The threat is more about how easy it is to endanger the sinews and communication networks of society .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
What are some of your favorite creations you 've seen in the game from participants ?
People are making interesting videos and flickr streams of photoshopped 2019 images [ many of which we 've used to illustrate this post ] .
One person is gathering air samples from around the world — sending a jar around , having people open it and send it back .
It 's metaphorical rather than scientific , but it 's about creativity in the creation of artifacts .
There is a lot of artifact creation going on here .
Many people have set up websites for organizations that will exist in 2019 .
There 's definitely a strong scifi narrative aspect to this , but it 's more like a game than a novel because we 're creating the board where people play .
There 's no lead story running through .
The parallel here would be scenario books , a module in an RPG .
that 's a better analogy than you might think because IFTF is planning to spin out the process to other areas .
Businesses and organizations will use this same platform as a collaborative idea testing process .
Advertisement
When people are asked to describe their future selves , which is the first task in the game , did you find people were inventing fantasy futures for themselves or were trying to be honest and realistic ?
I was expecting scifi exaggeration and wish - fulfillment .
But most people seem to be thinking seriously about what they would be like in this world .
Some of the most powerful have been focused on little stories , family stories .
One person wrote about how they would tell their kids they only have 23 years left .
That 's a big question .
For me , the notion of telling someone , “ Here are the constraints and challenges you 'll face , ” is the first step to thinking about what you can do about it .
You 're not just saying , " The world is ending — good luck . ”
That would be unethical .
I think a lot about being an ethical futurist and I think it has to do with making clear the responsibilities people have .
And that 's what we hope to do with Superstruct .
We want to say , " This is in your hands . "
Ignoring that is also making a choice .
Post - industrial building via Mita .
Thames rising via Elaine Alhadeff .
Condo boom via reBang2019 .
ReDS poster via lhall .
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
Scientists think they have uncovered conclusive proof that human activity is responsible for rising temperatures in both polar regions .
Changes in polar temperatures are not consistent with natural climate changes say scientists .
Research carried out at the Climatic Research Unit at the UK's University of East Anglia ( UEA ) demonstrates for the first time that anthropogenic climate change is responsible for warming at the Arctic and Antarctic .
Previous studies have observed rises in temperature at both poles , but none , until now , have formally attributed the cause to human activity .
Using up - to - date gridded data sets , scientists led by the UEA observed mean land surface temperatures in the Arctic over a 100 year period .
For the Antarctic the observation period was shorter -- 50 years -- as there is no station data available before 1945 .
They then applied an average simulated response using two models .
The first examined natural forcings -- events like solar cycles and volcanic activity which can affect temperatures .
The second model simulated natural combined with anthropogenic forcings -- which included greenhouse gases , stratospheric ozone depletion and sulphate aerosol .
Scientists discovered that the observed changes in Arctic and Antarctic temperatures are not consistent with internal climate variability or natural climate drivers alone .
One of the report authors , Dr Alexey Karpechko told CNN : " In both cases the accelerations are not consistent with natural forcing , which means that natural forcing alone cannot produce such a warming .
So in a sense , we can say conclusively that this [ warming trend at the poles ] is due to human influence . "
The paper " Attribution of polar warming to human influence " is published in the science journal Nature Geoscience .
The Antarctic data is of particular interest given that the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 's Fourth Assessment Report in 2007 notes that anthropogenic climate change had been detected in every continent except Antarctica .
This new data appears to demonstrate that man-made warming is indeed happening on the continent as well .
The report may go some way towards silencing climate skeptics who point to evidence that most of Antarctica has been cooling for some time .
" There is strong warming in the Antarctic peninsula , " Karpechko said .
" But for several decades there has been a slight cooling of the rest of the continent .
This slight cooling is due to circulation changes which are partly caused by ozone depletion .
" This is why there has been a bit of confusion as to what is happening in Antarctica .
But we expect a recovery of the ozone layer in the future .
We may also expect that the Antarctic warming trends will emerge more clearly . "
Commenting on the study conducted by the UEA , Professor David Vaughan , a Glaciologist at the British Antarctic Survey told CNN : " This is exactly the sort of study we need .
The poles are extremely important in the climate change debate and the rapid warming in the Arctic is one of the icons . "
Professor Vaughan , who is studying the patches of warming happening in Antarctica , concedes that the cooling that 's occurred in the past 30 to 50 years is " a little perplexing " .
But he agrees with Dr Karpechko over the effects of the ozone hole .
" The likelihood is that over the next century the ozone hole will be substantially reduced , " Professor Vaughan said , " And it may mean that the Antarctic warming becomes much more apparent in that period . "
Climate modeling might not convince everyone that warming is taking place , but as Professor Vaughan points out : " Simulations are built around physical principles and an understanding of the physical world " .
Climate modeling is a relatively new area of expertise but Professor Vaughan said that the UEA is widely recognized as one of the world leaders in this field .
As previous IPCC reports have pointed out , the effects of warming at the poles are already being felt by indigenous polar species and communities .
This new report is confirmation of the culpability of humans in contributing to these rising temperatures .
" I 'm afraid that there will always be people that do n't believe that we are making all these changes , " Dr Karpechko said .
" Some people are waiting for the science to say that a particular heat wave is caused by humans .
But attributing specific effects to human activities is much more difficult than attributing global changes .
I do n't know if we should wait for that because it will be too late .
" I see from the data that there is warming .
This is really frightening . "
All About Arctic Circle • Antarctica • Nature and the Environment • Climatology
Set SMART goals and stay on track
Finally a comprehensive solution to keep all your goals together and motivate you to make progress everyday .
GoalsOnTrack can help you set SMART goals , break down long term goals into milestones or sub goals , and organize them with your own categories .
Flexible and accurate progress tracking supports both personal and business goals .
One morning last month , a 28 - year - old woman was struggling up the stairs at the Dyckman Street elevated station on her way to work .
Normally , she would hold her skirt around her legs , but that day she was juggling a cup of coffee , a gym bag and her purse .
She sensed the presence of someone too close to her on the stairs .
She turned and saw a man peering into his cellphone .
A passer - by confirmed her suspicion :
The man had taken photographs under her skirt .
“ I said I had to do something , ” the woman said on Thursday .
“ Since he is taking pictures of me , I am going to take pictures of him . ”
She said she followed the man onto the southbound No. 1 train , walked through several cars and found him on a seat .
She prepared her cellphone camera .
He looked at her and mumbled something .
“ And I told him ‘ smile ’ because I am going to the police , ” she said .
Faith under Attack
Halloween : A Return to Paganism
Marian T. Horvat , Ph.D .
Every year around this time , a challenge is raised by the sorcerers against the saints .
It does n’t take an astute mind to figure out which side is holding the upper ground these days .
Halloween skeletons , witches , ghosts , spiders and crows along with pumpkins decorate windows and lawns with almost the same regularity as Christmas lights and crèches .
Adults and children discuss and prepare costumes for their cheery trick - or - treating and parties .
Youths visit haunted houses ; television networks sponsor monster feasts featuring every kind of horror show ; real witches and warlocks give interviews explaining the significance and importance of their special holiday .
Restaurants and cafes decorate for the feast of Halloween .
A return to paganism ?
Each year , at the same time , some Catholic churches , schools , and families bravely counter with festivals of Saints .
Children dress up as their patron or favorite saints to celebrate All Saints Day , November 1 , a solemn feast and holyday of obligation to honor all those – known and unknown – who already are in the glory of God .
The next day , November 2 , is All Souls Day , when Catholics pray for the relief of the souls suffering in Purgatory , especially their family members .
I can remember the Sisters of Charity instructing us to visit a Church to pray six Our Fathers , Hail Mary ’s and Glory Be ’s for the intentions of the Pope to receive a plenary indulgence for a soul in Purgatory .
You could exit and re-enter the Church to offer the prayers for another soul .
My mother would tell about the “ holy contests ” she and her friends had in the little town of St. Mary ’s , KS , to see who could get the most souls out of Purgatory .
In Mexico el dia de los muertos , the day of the dead , was a major holiday , with families making elaborate home altars where they offered special prayers for members who had died .
These good Catholic customs and practices have been largely forgotten and put aside with the increasing decline of Christianity and corresponding rise of Paganism .
Even the holyday of obligation has been abrogated , and many Catholics no longer think of the religious significance of Halloween , which means a holy eve , from the Old English all hallow E'en .
Unfortunately there is reason for that negligence .
In the media and classrooms , all the attention is paid to pumpkins , monsters , blood and gore .
In the Church , those holy customs of years past are ridiculed as pre-Vatican II anachronisms and priests no longer preach about Purgatory .
Pagan origins
The Celts adopted many Druid ceremonies and religious customs .
Above , a mid-summer solstice ceremony carried out today Halloween ’s origins date back to the ancient Celtic festival of Samhein which marked the end of harvest and the beginning of winter , a time of year associated with death .
The pagan Celts believed that on that night , the boundary between the worlds of the living and dead blurred , and the ghosts of the dead returned to the earth .
It was a night for preternatural communication with the dead , various forms of divination and prophecy , and sexual rituals .
By the 800s , the influence of the Catholic Church entered into Celtic lands .
In the seventh century , Pope Boniface IV had already designated November 1 All Saints ' Day , a time to honor saints and martyrs .
Later , the Church would make November 2 All Souls ' Day , a day to honor the dead .
The eve of All Saints ' , All Saints ' , and All Souls were celebrated with big bonfires , parades , and dressing up in costumes as saints , angels , and devils .
This was the wise way the missionary Church acted in face of this pagan feast that she transformed .
She ordered the customs and habits that existed among a people to the Catholic Religion .
A reverse process – the return to Paganism
How can we interpret the great emphasis today on the ghoulish and occult aspects of Halloween ?
Is it simply a process of secularization ?
A night to exploit the credulousness of children and their fears of spirits and ghosts ?
I think there is something more .
Instead of the Church wisely instituting sound traditions to replace the pagan customs , we are witnessing a reverse process today .
A pagan society is wiping out the very memory of our Catholic feasts .
Halloween , once used to designate the eve of the Feast of All Saints , has become a strictly secular holiday in the minds of most people .
The Feast of All Souls is all but wiped out of the minds of society at large .
Haunted houses like the Creatures Crypt in Bloomington ( IL ) offer chills and thrills - the nervous excitement of paganism The Catholic feasts aimed to show that the just soul who believes in the Resurrection and an eternal reward need not fear death .
It commemorates the dead and doing so , invites the faithful to make a healthful meditation on death .
Exploiting the skeletons , ghosts , vampires and demons , even in the ludicrous form of costumes and masks , the modern Halloween does more than obliterate the memory of death – it is a kind of invitation for our children to be accustomed to the worst side of Paganism , which is its familiarity with horror and the devil .
The very fact that Catholics are n’t more disturbed over this rampant neo-paganism and the effacement of our religious feasts is a sign of how much Catholic vigilance has been weakened .
Through the years most parents have stopped transmitting Catholic customs to children , the nuns and priests in Catholic schools no longer pass along the Catholic heritage and traditions .
The result is generations of children without the memory of religious holidays and traditions .
What is taking their place ?
It is not just secular values and materialism .
What we see is the return to the demoniac rituals of Paganism .
For example , today Halloween stresses aggression , the macabre , blood , death , monsters and even immoral figures .
What horizons do these sinister and grotesque figures open up for children and youth ?
Not the marvelous , but the horrendous .
What kind of emotions do they stimulate ?
Not the temperate and serene bereavement over death of Catholic celebrations , but the fear and nervous excitement of pagan rituals .
The grotesque and monstrous are becoming co-natural to the modern spirit , a typical product of neo-paganism .
So what should we do about Halloween ?
In principle , what is presented to a child should tend to make him more mature if it is healthy in its influence .
The Church , in her wisdom , stimulated the festival of Saints , to form children by stimulating their imaginations as well as opening their horizons to the great and gallant deeds of the heroes and heroines of her History .
She encouraged prayers and celebrations for the souls of the faithful departed so her children would be balanced and serene , instead of frenzied and fearful , in face of the specter of death .
In face of this , here is my advice : Avoid entering into the neo-pagan commemorations of Halloween .
Reinstitute the Catholic customs and celebrate happy and holy All Saints and All Souls feast days .
Posted October 26 , 2004
Faith under Attack | Religious | Home | Books | CDs | Search | Contact Us
© 2002 - Tradition in Action , Inc. All Rights Reserved
SAN FRANCISCO  Microsoft on Thursday plans to introduce a Web - based service for driving directions that incorporates complex software models to help users avoid traffic jams .
The new service ’s software technology , called Clearflow , was developed over the last five years by a group of artificial - intelligence researchers at the company ’s Microsoft Research laboratories .
It is an ambitious attempt to apply machine - learning techniques to the problem of traffic congestion .
The system is intended to reflect the complex traffic interactions that occur as traffic backs up on freeways and spills over onto city streets .
The Clearflow system will be freely available as part of the company ’s Live.com site ( maps.live.com ) for 72 cities in the United States .
Microsoft says it will give drivers alternative route information that is more accurate and attuned to current traffic patterns on both freeways and side streets .
A system for driving directions that Microsoft introduced last fall was limited , because without Clearflow there was no information available about traffic conditions on city streets adjacent to the highways .
Because the system assumed that those routes would be clear , drivers were on occasion sent into areas that were more congested than the freeways .
Despite surging crude oil prices , petroleum imports rose
Rising oil prices saw the US trade gap swell in July to its widest level since March 2007 , government figures show .
The trade deficit widened to $ 62.2 bn ( £ 35.4bn ) in the month from an upwardly revised estimate of $ 58.84bn in June .
As crude prices have soared this year , oil imports also increased by about 15 % in the month - taking the petroleum deficit to a record $ 43.3bn .
Excluding petroleum products the US trade deficit shrank to its lowest level since October 2002 .
Oil prices are currently around the $ 100 a barrel mark after surging as high as $ 147 in July .
Export boost
Meanwhile , US exports got a boost from the weakening of the dollar as it made US goods more attractive to other countries .
As a result exports of goods and services rose 3.3 % to a record $ 168.1bn .
Analysts said that exports should remain strong despite fears the dollar 's recent strength against the euro and other major currencies would make US - made goods less competitive on international markets .
" People are concerned that the dollar 's going to change what 's going on with exports , " said Marc Pado , US market strategist at Cantor Fitzgerald .
" I really disagree with that .
It takes years to build up a relationship and to build a business for exports .
It does n't change with the first tick of the dollar . "
Here ’s a sign that things have really hit rock bottom with the economy .
The digital counter near New York 's Times Square that tracks the U.S. government ’s debt has run out of space to display the current total which has now surpassed the $ 10 trillion mark .
Aa a temporary solution , the digital dollar sign has been replaced with a cheaper , non-digital version to make room for the extra number .
The Durst Organization which designed the clock , plans to add two more digits to the sign in the near future to make room for a quadrillion dollar amount , according to AP .
Yikes .
The board was origianly constructed in 1989 to highlight that year 's debt level of $ 2.7 trillion .
The Republicans ’ odd - couple ticket does n’t look so odd when you consider the shifting populations of the battleground states that will decide the presidential election .
The top of the ticket , Sen .
John McCain , accepted his nomination Thursday night with a speech laying out the broad theme of his campaign : the deeply patriotic , gutsy ex-prisoner of war against a well - meaning but hopelessly inexperienced Sen.
Barack Obama .
This is putting a nice face on a reprehensible strategy that is likely to fail .
Without actually invoking race , the Republicans are expected to remind uncommitted voters of the historic step they would be taking by voting for an African - American for president .
Inexperience becomes one of the excuses for declining to make such a choice .
McCain ’s years of service become a reason for voting for him .
What had been unexpected by the faithful at the Republican National Convention , of course , was McCain ’s choice of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin as the vice presidential nominee .
McCain ’s decision was cited as an example of his willingness to take a chance , to gamble everything on a hunch .
It was much more than that .
In her speech , Palin was grating , sarcastic — and misleading about her record .
As Dahlia Lithwick , comparing Palin to an offensive right - wing commentator , wrote in Slate , “ What we saw last night was the mainstreaming of Ann Coulter , the normalization of the principle that it is n’t bile when it ’s spoken by a pretty woman . ”
It ’s hard to believe that Palin will wear well .
Bile will be difficult to swallow for the remaining 60 days of the presidential campaign .
But for the brief time of the Republican convention , the elevation of Palin seemed to make sense , at least to the McCain team .
First of all , she cowed the national media , now emerging as a top Republican target .
With investigative reporters up in Alaska digging furiously into Palin ’s governorship and family life , Palin went on the offensive .
“ Here ’s a little news for all those reporters and commentators , ” she said .
“ I ’m not going to Washington to seek their good opinion .
I ’m going to Washington to serve the people of this great country . ”
Along with this salvo , McCain ’s aides relentlessly beat up on the media for questioning the official version of the Palin story .
It worked , at least for that night .
Palin ended up as not only a heroine of the right but of the star - struck commentators she had scornfully kicked around .
“ A star is born , ” said CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer .
“ A star is born , ” said his CNN colleague , Anderson Cooper .
“ A star is born , ” said Fox ’s Chris Wallace .
“ A very auspicious debut , ” said Tom Brokaw of NBC .
Or as the Associated Press ’ Tom Raum and Liz Sidoti wrote : “ Sarah Palin delivered .
An embattled vice presidential candidate , a novice on the national stage , the head of a family suffering its ‘ups and downs , ’ the first - term Alaska governor rocked the GOP convention with a star - turning performance . ”
More important than the Republican ’s success in humbling the big - time media was her place in the party ’s long - shot strategy to win the states that Pollster.com , a compiler of public opinion surveys , considers to be tossups .
They are Montana , North Dakota , Nevada , Colorado , Ohio , Virginia , North Carolina , Florida and New Hampshire .
Winning these states , where polling shows McCain and Obama running just about even , was the real reason for the Palin gamble .
An important theme of Palin ’s speech was her praise of small - town America .
“ I grew up with those people , ” she said .
“ They are the ones who do some of the hardest work in America … who grow our food , run our factories , and fight our wars .
They love their country , in good times and bad , and they ’re always proud of America .
I had the privilege of living most of my life in a small town . ”
But Palin , whose speech was written by top Republican strategists , was not really talking about small towns in the traditional sense .
The Republican speechwriters know that this is no longer the America of the early - and mid-20th century , when the rural vote dominated national elections .
Rather , they are targeting the fast - growing “ exurbs , ” the far suburbs , where first - time home buyers have been creating communities and raising families .
Important tossup states have such exurbs .
Exurbanites do n’t really live a rural life , but they sort of do in the sense they are many miles from the city and are divorced from its concerns .
They ’ve tried to get away from it all .
Republicans hope they will welcome the message from Palin , mother of five .
A conservative journalist , Steve Sailer , wrote an analysis in the American Conservative that helps explain her value in winning the exurban vote .
Sailer analyzes population through the prism of race , which offends liberals but is useful for this election , for that ’s undoubtedly how Republicans look at it .
He found that the states with the highest white fertility rates tend to vote Republican .
And those growing families are moving into the exurbs .
While the exurban strategy of targeting fertile white families worked for President George Bush , it is likely to fail for McCain - Palin because of the sinking economy .
The exurbs have been hard hit by foreclosures .
Before the mortgage collapse , land developers were ripping up rural land in Florida , Virginia , Nevada , California and other states .
Homes are now vacant .
Those living there face high gas prices for their long commutes — and the ever - present fear of losing their jobs .
Friday morning , the day after the Republican convention ended , the government reported that the national unemployment rate rose to 6.1 percent , the highest in five years .
The New York Times said : “ So far , 605,000 jobs have disappeared since January .
The unemployment rate , which rose from 5.7 percent in July , is now at its highest level since September 2003 . ”
A star was not born at the Republican convention .
Palin ’s mean - spirited , smug performance may have pleased her right - wing audience , but it was not what the country wants to hear .
Barack Obama ’s message is much more suited for these tough times .
Wife killed after split announced on Facebook
A mother of two murdered by her husband who then took his own life had recently told friends on a social networking site that their marriage was over .
If the current polls hold , Barack Obama will win the White House on November 4 and Democrats will consolidate their Congressional majorities , probably with a filibuster - proof Senate or very close to it .
Without the ability to filibuster , the Senate would become like the House , able to pass whatever the majority wants .
Though we doubt most Americans realize it , this would be one of the most profound political and ideological shifts in U.S. history .
Liberals would dominate the entire government in a way they have n't since 1965 , ...
In an interview with the Washington Times , Israeli Ambassador Sallai Meridor warned Russia that selling armaments to Syria and Iran is “ destabilizing and dangerous for Israel and for peace in the region ” .
After Syrian President Bashar Assad expressed support for Russia in last month ’s Georgia conflict , Russia expressed a willingness to sell further arms to Syria .
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov assured that the sales would be strictly of “ a defensive character ” .
The move is seen by some as retaliation for Israel ’s strong military ties to Georgia .
Another ongoing concern for Israel is Iran ’s rumored acquisition of Russia ’s highly advanced S - 300 anti-aircraft system .
Though Iran has denied purchasing the system , and the Pentagon has said they do n’t expect Iran to acquire it “ any time soon , ” Israel has continually warned Russia about the potential sale .
Last month , they threatened to develop an “ electronic warfare device ” which would neutralize the system , which is also the backbone of Russia ’s air defense .
Russia has been critical of Israel ’s role in arming Georgia before their attack on South Ossetia .
Ambassador Meridor sees no reason why this should be , saying “ I do n’t see why anybody would perceive our relationship with Georgia to be in any way threatening or destabilizing ” .
But between providing arms to the Georgian military which were used in an attack on a separatist enclave in which more than half of residents held Russian citizenship , providing that military with training which a Georgian Minister publicly credited with the destruction of an entire Russian military division , and a reported agreement between the two nations which would have allowed Israeli bombers to use Georgian airfields in an attack on an Iranian nuclear plant being built by a Russian state - run company , it seems clear Russia does perceive a threat .
Russia says it views any arms sales to Georgia as unacceptable , and a Russian embassy spokesman said they “ would like to see that country demilitarized ” .
Yesterday , Russia presented a draft resolution before the United Nations Security Council which called for an arms embargo against Georgia .
CHICAGO :
The troubled financial arm of auto giant General Motors is seeking to become a federally regulated bank holding company in a move which would give it access to a share of a 700 billion dollar bailout package , GMAC said Thursday .
GMAC said it intends to launch a private offer to " exchange a significant amount of its outstanding indebtedness for a reduced principal amount of new indebtedness " in order to raise the capital it will need to meet the new regulatory requirements .
GMAC , which diversified beyond auto loans into mortgages , commercial lending , insurance and online banking , has been badly hit by the subprime lending crisis and resulting credit crunch .
While it would face much tighter regulation as a bank holding company than it does under its current status as an industrial bank , switching status would have significant benefits .
GMAC would be able to have its debt guaranteed by a federal banking insurance program , would be able to get cheap , short - term loans from the Federal Reserve and could be able to sell some of its bad loans to the government under a rescue plan approved earlier this month .
GMAC said it " would obtain increased flexibility and stability " as a bank holding company and " also expects to have expanded opportunities for funding and for access to capital . "
" The benefits of this type of restructuring would allow us to put additional capital and liquidity resources immediately to work in financing consumers and automotive dealers , " GMAC chief executive officer Alvaro de Molina said in a statement .
Cleaning up GMAC 's books could also help facilitate a merger between GM and Chrysler .
Chrysler 's owner , Cerberus Capital Management , currently holds a 51 percent stake in GMAC , which will have to raise an additional one billion dollars to cover bonds that will mature in January , 2009 .
Sources close to the negotiations have said Cerberus would like to swap Chrysler for GM 's remaining 49 percent stake in GMAC .
Activist claims unmarked police vans abducted protesters David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday September 5 , 2008
Print This Email
This A half - dozen representatives of the so - called Republican National Convention Welcoming Committee met with the media in a St. Paul , MN press conference on Thursday to condemn the widescale police raids and arrests that have targeted protesters in that city this week .
The strongest accusations were made by RNC Welcoming Committee co-founder William Gillis , who has been among those planning the protests for the last two years .
" Police kicked down doors with guns drawn on families with their children at dinnertime , " Gillis charged .
" Reporters and the media at large have been repeatedly targeted for repression .
Activists have been abducted off the street in unmarked vans and political prisoners held without access to medical attention . "
The allegation about police use of unmarked vans was apparently first made on August 31 by RAW STORY contributor Lindsay Beyerstein , who was reporting on the convention for FireDogLake .
She wrote that " ColdSnap is reporting 9 arrests downtown near the Excel center " and then added in an update , " One of the 9 protesters arrested was a nun , seen being loaded into an unmarked blue van .
The 9 were apparently trying to climb a fence near a church . "
All nine were released later that day .
Other representatives of the protesters used the press conference to affirm that they were not terrorists .
Betsy Raash - Gilman , a twenty - year veteran ( doc ) of non-violent activism , stated , " There are no terrorists up here .
There are no terrorists in the Ramsey County jail .
There are terrorists in the Xcel Center .
There are terrorists in the White House . "
This video is from the Associated Press .
Download video
Ron Dexter , ASC
Straight answers to frequent and seldom - asked film and video questions you will not find answered anywhere else
Introduction
Questions ?
Comments ?
Contributions ?
Ron Dexter 's No Camera Camera Course Try This !
Monday , 04 Aug , 2008 Offbeat
The United States Legal and Policy Centre ( NLPC ) has purportedly taken the pictures of the house of Google co-founder Larry Page using the mapping service of his own company .
The exposure of images , where one can view " a top Google executive 's address " , is as a response to a recent court case held in Pennsylvania .
The case is linked to privacy issues regarding the Google Street View .
Photos made using Google Street View unveiled the license plate of a Lexus and a Mercedes that were parked outside the property of Mr Page .
At the same time using Google Earth 's measure instrument , an aerial picture was taken , calculating the distance from the gate of the Californian mansion to the front door .
The NLPC also managed to map a driving route starting with the home of Larry Page and to Google offices nearby , including street - level images of every intersection on the route .
" There is no better evidence that individual privacy simply does not exist in Google ’s world than by the chilling amount of detailed visual information Google now collects on all of us , information that any internet user can now compile in a dossier in less than 30 minutes , " said in a statement accompanying the presentation of the photos the NLPC .
The NLPC document did not disclose the name and address of Google 's co-founder , but according to a tech blog called Valleywag , the censorship could be uncovered quite easy with just a simple workaround .
According to a spokesman for Google Australia , the Street View service of Google features strong privacy safeguards , but did not give any comments regarding the issue .
" Anyone can flag imagery that they consider sensitive for removal , at the click of a mouse .
Street View only contains imagery already visible from any public road and is not real - time , " said the spokesman .
Source : News.com.au
Powered by www.infoniac.com
The Washington Post ’s Dana Milbank found many former Hillary Clinton supporters in Pennsylvania who had a hard time switching to Barack Obama — until Sarah Palin joined the Republican ticket .
One Gail Silverberg captures the sentiment : “ Hockey moms and lipstick on a pig and six - packs ?
I do n’t want that stuff . ”
Another interesting observation from Milbank ’s travels :
The men in Clinton ’s life seem to have a harder time than she does letting go of her candidacy .
At one point , the columnist describes a long - winded Ed Rendell recounting the glory days of the primary and attempting an awkward “ Hillary ! ” chant while the New York senator tries to wrestle the mike from him .
The event was meant to be an Obama rally , after all .
10 Steps To Nintendo Domination
Nintendo is currently enjoying the kind of victory that comes with deciding existing competition is n’t challenging enough , inventing a new sport ten times as big , and winning that as well .
PS3 fans mutter darkly about it not being a “ real ” gaming system : somehow under the impression that Sony is some kind of experimental organisation that does n’t care about selling units ( though that would explain a lot of their business decisions … ) .
There is no “ true ” gaming , no Bible of Consoles , and no path to success other than “ selling the most units ” – a pant which Nintendo has not only run down but probably bought with the profits .
It ’s taken a long time for Nintendo to reach the all - dominating heights of Mount Wii , though : here we look at various highs and lows along the way .
1. NES
It makes sense that Nintendo would develop the console that brings millions of the previously - apathetic into the fold – they ’ve done it before .
In 1983 the Nintendo Entertainment System went all CPR - style on an industry which had been killed by a glut of offensively bad calculator - grade consoles , and whose grave had been pissed in by games like Pacman on the Atari 2600 .
The NES invented and dominated an entire new market share ( sound familiar ? ) , reigning undisputed until the next generation of hardware .
Oh , and if any of you commenters want to mention the Sega Master System , make sure you brush your teeth of the filthy stains even uttering the words cause .
2. R.O.B .
Many try to dismiss the Wii as a gimmick , because the way the “ actually fun ” tactic is beating ten kinds of hell out of their multi-megaflop monstrosities is kind of embarrassing .
For reference , this is what a gimmick looks like :
R.O.B. , the Robotic Operating Buddy , was every bit as tragic as you ’d expect something which says “ Videogamers have to buy artificial friends ” to be .
Filling the niche of expensive and horrifically tragic plastic items twenty years before PVC anime dolls came on the market , ROB worked with only two games .
Precisely both of which sucked .
He ’s also a warning that Nintendo are n’t the electronic angels the more obsessive fans make them out to be – the toy was aggressively marketed in North America after it was already deader than a Bond villain henchman in Japan .
Nintendo Of America ’s entire profits that quarter were filed under “ Ruining the Christmases of Children with plastic rubbish ”
3. Zapper
Luckily Nintendo would learn the benefits of peripherals which do n’t suck with the Zapper , otherwise known as “ the best light gun ever ” .
Companies would spend the next ten years trying to improve on the formula , coming up with abortions like the SuperScope and the Menacer .
Generally agreed to be less effective fake guns than the average pointed stick , and slightly less fun .
The Super Mario Bros / Duck
Hunt bundle converted an entire generation of dedicated Nintendo fans .
Another light gun would n’t even come close to the Zapper until the PlayStation G - Con – but without another hundred years in sheer Buck Rogerian style refinement , none will ever be as iconic as the orange - grey masterpiece .
4. Power Glove
Motion control is n’t a new idea – it ’s only the technology that we had to wait for , as Nintendo proved with this Ode to Spastic Flailing in 1989 .
The Power Glove took the can ’t - miss fantasy of physical interaction with video games , the star power of The Wizard , and technology which would have worked better if you ’d replaced all the sensors with random number generators .
The Power Glove was slightly less sensitive than a block of granite that had improbably suffered a stroke , and went on to star in every “ Top X Peripherals Ever ” from then on .
5. Game Boy
Inventing and dominating an entire market , take 2 . Nintendo has owned the handheld gaming market since they started it in 1989 , and anyone who says different did n’t understand the question or works for Sony .
The clunky white box shot to first place in a field of one and just stayed there .
It helped that the competitors tried to outshine it with hideously overpowered and expensive hardware ( feel free to start seeing a parallel around now ) .
Systems with color displays looked better , but you ’d get longer battery life just throwing AAs into a wood chipper .
Some Game Gear games were actually impossible to finish as they took longer than the power could possibly last .
It also helped that the Game Boy launched with Tetris , a serious contender for most popular game of all time .
6. SNES
The modern generation of Halo p3wn3rs might not know there was a time when Nintendo were the undisputed technical kings , and that time was from 1990 to 1994 .
The Super Nintendo was the most powerful console ever released at the time ( but bear in mind this was a time when “ Number of colors possible ” was still a major advertising point ) .
The SNES pads were a revolution for gamers used to cramped claws from the Genesis batarangs or just cutting furrows in themselves with aggressively organic - incompatible NES rectangles .
The SNES did n’t just dominate the 16 - bit era – it kicked lumps out of the embarrassingly crude initial forays into 32 - bits and CDs , with highly experienced teams maxing out SNES performance with gaming masterpieces which embarrassed the faces off competitors whose main selling point was “ Look !
Some grainy video ! ”
7. Virtual Boy
Another failed experiment in revolutionarity ( you can use that word if you like ) , this time from 1995 .
The Virtual Boy was n’t so much a Nintendo mistake as a symptom of the 90s as a whole : you could n’t move for promises that virtual reality would promise a fantastic , if highly polygonal , future .
Understand : this was a decade with Disclosure – a film where a sex scene with Demi Moore is what leads to a virtual reality experience .
The exact reverse of the real use of that technology .
That said , we can only assume it was opposite day in Nintendo Quality Control and the entire management board had suffered simultaneous head injuries the day this ungainly mess of monochrome headaches was let out the door .
8. Nintendo64
Nintendo skipped the entire 32 - bit generation .
Unfortunately they did n’t use the extra development time to advance technologically .
The N64 continued to innovate , but the radically different trident controller did n’t take off – almost every game but “ Blast Corps ” reduced it to the regular “ Analog stick and buttons ” functionality , making it a standard controller with an extra 50 % of pointless weight .
This meant that there was nothing distracting from the fact that the N64 was deeply underpowered in comparison to the competition .
A few stellar games like Mario 64 , the genre - advancing GoldenEye and the absolutely definitive Perfect Dark were n’t enough to save the console from a deserved loss against the PlayStation .
It could n’t even take consolation from defeating their mortal SEGA enemies , as there have been roadkill smears which defeated the Saturn .
Even Mario Kart sucked on the 64 – and Mario Kart never sucks .
9. GameCube
Ah , the GameCube .
Still fun , still cheap and cheerful , and still losing .
The Cube lost out to both the PS2 and the XBox .
Affordable pricing and Nintendo ’s incomparable 1st - party work meant it was still worth buying if only for games like Mario , Zelda and F - Zero , while Metroid Prime remains one of the best things ever to happen to gaming .
But the pattern was clear – Nintendo ’s refusal to engage in the “ My processors are bigger than yours ” pissing contest , or feature games based on large half naked men eviscerating things with blade or bullet , was costing them .
Only something Revolutionary could save them :
10 . The Wii
Finally , their powers combined .
The vision of the Power Glove , the sharp accessible design of the Zapper , the pricepoint / power balance of the GameCube and the family - friendliness they ’ve wanted since the NES brought to the fore ( but without banning violent games like in their stupider SNES days ) .
The expensive lessons of ROB and the Virtual Boy were learned well – the motion - sensing controls work exactly as people hoped , and innovative design makes them more than a one trick pony .
And everyone but everyone either has one or is still trying to buy one , a full year and a half after release .
When five FBI agents arrested Kevin Cogill at his Culver City apartment , it marked the newest weapon in the entertainment industry ’s war on piracy : felony charges against small - time bootleggers .
Cogill posted nine leaked songs from an unreleased Guns N’ Roses album , which has been in the works for more than a decade , on his music blog in June .
The site crashed under the traffic , and he removed the songs after a few hours when the Los Angeles - based rock band ’s lawyers complained .
Now he faces up to three years in prison and $ 250,000 in fines .
On Wednesday he became the first Californian charged under a 3 - year - old federal anti-piracy law that makes it a felony to distribute a copyrighted work on computer networks before its release .
“ In the past , these may have been viewed as victimless crimes , ” said Craig Missakian , an assistant U.S. attorney in Los Angeles who built the case with the FBI and recording - industry investigators .
“ But in reality , there ’s significant damage .
This law allows us to prosecute these cases . ”
Advertisement
Cogill , 27 , was arrested Wednesday and released on $ 10,000 bond .
He was not required to enter a plea .
His public defender , Anthony Eaglin , declined to comment .
“ I hope he rots in jail , ” said Slash , the former Guns N’ Roses lead guitarist .
“ It ’s going to affect the sales of the record , and it ’s not fair .
The Internet is what it is , and you have to deal with it accordingly , but I think if someone goes and steals something , it ’s theft . ”
The entertainment industry has long fought to protect official release dates .
It contends that sales are lost when a movie or song is available free on the Internet before it hits stores .
Leaked songs are often unfinished and of poor sound quality .
Pre-release piracy “ pops the balloon , ” said Eric German , a partner with Mitchell , Silberberg & Knupp who has represented the recording industry in piracy cases .
“ It rips up the lottery ticket .
It takes the wind out of everything . ”
Advertisement
The Recording Industry Assn. of America has long relied on civil lawsuits to combat piracy .
But the Family Entertainment and Copyright Act of 2005 gave it a new hammer -- felony charges with stiff penalties for posting even one song before its release .
The law has been used only a few times , mostly to tackle big commercial piracy rings .
But in 2006 , two people were charged with distributing a version of a Ryan Adams & the Cardinals album , “ Jacksonville City Nights , ” on the Internet before it hit stores .
They were sentenced to two months of house arrest and two years ’ probation .
Fans of Guns N’ Roses have experienced a long drought of new recorded material .
Led by lead singer Axl Rose , the rockers have been working on their album , “ Chinese Democracy , ” on and off since the 1990s .
Cogill used to work for Universal Music and now works at entertainment site Crave Online .
Writing under the name “ Skwerl , ” he uses his blog , Antiquiet , to talk about American politics and the music industry .
Advertisement
In early June , he expressed his appreciation for Guns N’ Roses , noting that he had waited half his life for a new album .
“ The more you [ mess ] around with the details , the more likely the album is to leak on the Internet , spoiling whatever big plans you ’re cooking up anyway , ” he wrote , addressing Geffen Records , the band ’s label and a unit of Universal .
On June 18 , he said he had received nine “ Chinese Democracy ” tracks from an unnamed source and made them available for streaming , but not download , on Antiquiet .
He contended that if the album was good -- and he thought it was -- it would do well financially , in spite of any leaks .
After he removed the tracks , the FBI interviewed Cogill at his office and home , seeking the source of the leaked songs .
Advertisement
“ I ’ve been asked if my legal troubles are over , ” he wrote after the FBI ’s visit .
“ The answer is that they have n’t begun . ”
No one came to the door at Cogill ’s home Thursday .
A man who answered his phone declined to identify himself but said Cogill was n’t granting interviews .
In an e-mail , fellow Antiquiet blogger Britney Bernstein said Cogill ’s case was building buzz for “ Chinese Democracy . ”
“ Any publicity this album gets is good publicity , ” she said .
The band released a statement : “ Presently , though we do n’t support this guy ’s actions at that level , our interest is in the original source .
We ca n’t comment publicly at this time as the investigation is ongoing . ”
Advertisement
Missakian , the assistant U.S. attorney , said his office would bring more cases like this in the future .
“ Prosecution like this makes others think twice , ” he said .
John Malcolm , executive vice president and director of worldwide anti-piracy operations for the Motion Picture Assn. of America , applauded the arrest , saying he expected the movie industry too would pursue criminal charges to stop leaked movies .
“ Getting the federal authorities involved in the Guns N’ Roses leak was absolutely appropriate , ” he said .
Advertisement
Ronald Rosen , an entertainment industry lawyer , said record labels lost the public relations battle when they sued people who distributed music over file - sharing networks , with stories emerging of single mothers defending cases over songs they could have bought for 99 cents .
“ But the public is going to have much less sympathy with pirates ” who trade in pre-released material , he said .
But Corynne McSherry , staff attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation , said the arrest of Cogill was troubling for many reasons .
It raises the prospect of eager fans going to jail for posting a handful of songs .
“ Bringing that hammer down on an individual music fan strikes me as entirely inappropriate , ” she said .
“ Taxpayers should be concerned that they are picking up Hollywood and the music industry ’s legal costs , particularly when you are going after an individual like this . ”
Advertisement
--
michelle.quinn@latimes.com
swati.pandey@latimes.com
--
Advertisement
Times staff writer Charlie Amter contributed to this report .
Last winter , as Barbara Howes watched her beloved husband of 56 years wage a losing battle with cancer , she risked her own health to ensure his comfort .
Howes , who has diabetes , went without her prescription medications to buy the oil needed to heat their apartment .
" Everything fell apart all at once , " recalled Howes , 73 , who had moved to Haverhill from Florida when just a teenager after falling for a local boy .
She married Ernest Howes when she was 17 .
" We had never asked anyone for anything , but I learned my lesson the hard way - I can't go without my medications .
I ended up in the hospital last year . "
Patch the leaky roof or pay the rent ?
Buy needed medications or send the local utility company a check ?
Advocates for the poor fear thousands of area seniors , crushed by the latest economic downturn , will be forced to make gut - wrenching choices this year .
Already , social service agencies are being flooded with calls from frail elders who are worried about how they 'll make ends meet on Social Security checks and meager savings during the cold winter months .
" We 're getting hundreds of phone calls each month from seniors who need help with medical bills , heating bills , shelter , even clothing , " said Rosanne DiStefano , executive director of Elder Services of the Merrimack Valley , Inc. , a nonprofit agency that strives to help elders remain in their homes .
The agency serves seniors in 23 communities , from Dunstable to Amesbury .
" The people we serve are not living off retirement plans , " said DiStefano .
" These are people who get by on Social Security and scant savings .
Until now , they 've managed to keep their heads above water , but as the costs of basic necessities continue to escalate , we 're seeing unprecedented levels of fear and anxiety . "
Such fears are driving many seniors back into the labor force .
Today , more than 6 million workers are 65 or older , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
And over the next decade , the number of workers age 55 and up is expected to rise at more than five times the rate of the overall workforce , the bureau reported .
" Years ago , folks would retire and six months later they 'd go out and get part - time jobs to have something to do , " said Susan Cripps , a counselor with SHINE ( Serving the Health Information Needs of Elders ) who helps seniors navigate the complex world of Medicare .
" Now , we 're seeing a lot of seniors getting jobs to supplement their income .
This seems to be especially true for older women who typically stayed home to raise their children and did n't put much into their retirement plans or did n't have retirement plans at all . "
But for elders like Howes with serious health problems , returning to the 9 to 5 grind is not an option .
Instead , they 're being forced to delay home repairs or rethink their lifestyle .
Some seniors are curbing out - of - town travel to save money at the gas pump .
Others are finding they must change their eating habits to rein in costs at the supermarket .
A giant panda cub is seen in an incubator in Chengdu , China , where researchers ultimately aim to reintroduce giant pandas into the wild .
An Afghan woman waits for the start of a ceremony marking the anniversary of the death of Ahmad Shah Massoud , an opponent of the Taleban who was murdered in 2001 .
Thailand is renowned for its massages - even anti-government protesters break their vigil to indulge in some kneading and twisting .
A cyclist competes in the women 's 500 m time - trial , on day two of the Paralympic Games in Beijing .
Members of the press photograph a work by British artist Damien Hirst , which is expected to fetch up to £ 3 m ( $ 5.93 m ) at auction .
A jet - fighter is pushed to the limits during deep - freeze tests conducted by South Korea 's air force .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy visits Moscow to discuss the crisis in Georgia with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev , whose shadow is seen on the right .
Monsoon rain falls in the southern Indian city of Hyderabad .
Heavy rains have caused severe damage in some parts of India .
Back 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next
E-mail this to a friend Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
“ Wasteland ” conjures up visions of dusty desolation where life is fleeting and harsh — if it exists at all .
Oceans , too , have their inhospitable pockets .
Scientists are discovering that climate change — and not just fertilizer from farm use — may be spurring the emergence of barren underwater landscapes in coastal waters .
Expanding dead zones not only spell trouble for biodiversity , but they also threaten the commercial fisheries of many nations .
Dead zones are not new ; they form seasonally in economically vital ecoystems worldwide , including the Gulf of Mexico and Chesapeake Bay .
Agricultural runoff sparks many of these die - offs ; increased use of nitrogen fertilizers has doubled the number of lifeless pockets every decade since the 1960s , resulting in 405 dead zones now dotting coastlines globally .
But lesser - known wastelands are also emerging — without nutrient input from farms .
Alarms about such dead zones first sounded in Oregon during the summer of 2002 .
Usually “ we see many schools of fish and lots of different species , ” says David Fox of the Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife , but surveys revealed dead fish and invertebrates littering the seafloor .
The culprit was hypoxia — low - oxygen conditions , which can occur after the decomposition of organic matter in areas where deep waters well up to the surface .
The emergence of hypoxic areas so close to shore has startled researchers , comments Jack Barth , a physical oceanographer at Oregon State University .
A decade ago scientists needed to sail out 50 miles or more to find hypoxic water off Oregon , but he says , the zone was now so close that “ a long baseball homer hit off of highway 101 ” could land in it .
To scientists ’ surprise and dismay , “ hypoxia has become a feature of the coast , ” with its reemergence near shore every summer , states Francis Chan , a marine ecologist , also at Oregon State .
Ordinarily upwelling systems such as that off Oregon teem with life .
As coastal winds push surface waters offshore , cold , nutrient - rich waters from below replace them , stimulating plankton blooms that serve as food for many marine organisms .
In fact , upwelling systems lead to such productive ecosystems that they support some 20 percent of the world ’s fisheries ’ yield while making up just 1 percent of the ocean surface .
Dead zones can form , however , when these systems become supercharged , either because of fertilizer runoff or , as in the case of Oregon , because of changes in ocean circulation .
When upwelling intensifies , more nutrients go to the surface , where plankton growth skyrockets .
Those that are not eaten eventually die and rain down into deeper waters , where bacteria use available oxygen to decompose them .
Hypoxia results when the rate of this widespread organic decay outpaces fresh supplies of oxygenated surface water .
Besides Oregon , other regions are seeing signs of enlarging dead zones .
In South Africa , shifts in the upwelling ecosystem have been documented since the early 1990s .
Recurring episodes of hypoxia along the coast have resulted in an increased frequency of commercially valuable rock lobsters traveling closer to shore in search of oxygenated waters , only to become stranded when the tide recedes .
Along the coasts of Chile and Peru , where hypoxic episodes have taken place for thousands of years , changes may be brewing as reports of huge numbers of Humboldt squid and fish washing up on beaches after low - oxygen events have increased in recent decades .
Prolonged hypoxia in these systems could precipitate “ a drop in species diversity , with some groups , such as crustaceans , disappearing more quickly , ” says Lisa Levin , a marine ecologist at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography .
Andrew Bakun of the University of Miami thinks that global warming may be driving the changes in upwelling , an idea he first proposed in 1990 .
As continents heat up , the pressure difference between air over warmer landmasses and that over the cooler ocean increases , which could strengthen coastal winds that drive the upwelling process .
Short periods of unusually strong winds , for example , preceded each hypoxic event in Oregon .
Although long - term wind data have proved difficult to analyze , coastal winds in Chile and South Africa appear to have intensified in recent decades .
Climate models have also predicted large - scale declines in oceanic oxygen .
As surface waters warm up , they become less efficient at absorbing oxygen and act as a cap , preventing the mixing of oxygen into deeper layers .
If upwelled into coastal regions , these deep waters — depleted in oxygen but rich in nutrients — may prime local areas for hypoxia .
Studies have documented a drop in oxygen levels across the Pacific Ocean , possibly contributing to the emergence of hypoxia in Oregon .
The primary challenge facing scientists is lack of sufficient long - term data for upwelling systems , states Jane Lubchenco , an Oregon State marine ecologist .
A recent symposium highlighted the urgent need for more monitoring , as well as the importance of continued communication among scientists .
“ It is clear that these systems are not exactly alike , ” Lubchenco notes , but comparing them may help researchers figure out how hypoxia develops .
Ultimately , predicting future changes will be crucial in determining if — or more likely , when — expanding low - oxygen zones might choke fisheries worldwide .
Note :
This article was originally printed with the title , " Suffocating Seas " .
McCain to Politico : " Excuse me , you 're bothering me "
We just followed McCain down the steps following the vote to ask him about the reaction of House Republicans to the vote .
He did n't appreciate the company .
McCain : " Excuse me , you 're bothering me . "
Politico : " I 'm bothering you ? "
McCain : " Excuse me , I have to go . "
Despite all the constraints Congress supposedly wrapped around him , Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson is about to become the most powerful mortgage financier of the modern era -- most likely of any era .
Buried beneath the 100 - plus pages of detail that Paulson ’s financial rescue plan has picked up during its 10 - day journey from a Bush administration wish list to a bipartisan congressional compromise is the striking fact that the Treasury secretary got almost everything he sought -- an eventual $ 700 billion and the authority to spend it largely as he sees fit .
To be sure , congressional bargainers did make one huge change .
And in the process , they created a potential stumbling block as the Treasury tries to stabilize the deeply damaged financial system by acquiring toxic mortgage - backed securities .
Advertisement
Under terms of the compromise announced Sunday , any firm selling troubled assets to the government would have to give Washington the right to take an ownership stake in the firm -- a more sweeping requirement than had been expected .
While the aim is to let taxpayers profit when the financial system eventually recovers , administration officials worry that generally healthy companies may be discouraged from getting involved -- thereby reducing the effectiveness of the rescue effort .
Whether that turns out to be a big problem remains to be seen , however , and for the rest , Paulson ’s new powers will be almost breathtaking in their scope .
He and his successor will have the right to buy not just mortgage - related securities at the heart of the crisis , according to the language of the bill , but under some conditions could buy any financial instrument “ the purchase of which is necessary to promote financial market stability . ”
Moreover , the legislation encourages him -- in fact , requires him -- to combat the nationwide wave of home foreclosures by pushing mortgage service companies to rewrite some loans and to cut the interest rates or even the principal for financially strapped homeowners .
Advertisement
It even gives him the politically explosive power to cut deals with foreign , not just U.S. , banks in some cases .
“ This is unquestionably the biggest bailout in American history , ” said Wesleyan University economist Richard S. Grossman , a scholar of financial crises .
“ I ’m as nervous as everybody else about Paulson having all this power , but who else are you going to give it to ?
“ This is n’t something that can be done by committee , ” he said .
Congressional leaders sought to drive home the idea that they have added so many protections to the original 2 1/2 - page blueprint Paulson sent to Capitol Hill on Sept. 20 that the final plan is no longer an undeserved sop to a mismanaged financial industry .
Instead , proponents say , it now represents ordinary Americans ’ best bet for preserving their savings , jobs and economic well - being .
Advertisement
And indeed , the compromise language of what ’s now called the Emergency Economic Stabilization
Act does include huge changes from Treasury ’s original proposal .
Among them : breaking the $ 700 billion into three installments , with only the first $ 350 billion quickly available ; establishing no fewer than four oversight bodies to keep an eye on the Treasury secretary ; and the addition of a limited right for people to sue over the program -- something Paulson initially sought to prohibit .
“ This is not about a bailout of Wall Street , ” declared House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - San Francisco ) .
“ It ’s a ‘ buy - in ’ so we can turn our economy around . ”
“ This is about Main Street .
It ’s about America .
It ’s really about the fabric of American life , ” echoed Sen. Judd Gregg ( R - N.H. ) , the ranking GOP member of the Senate Budge Committee .
Advertisement
Despite all of the added protections , a late Sunday draft of the measure was replete with delegations of all sorts of powers to Paulson , even in areas where lawmakers said they had made their biggest mark .
For example , in setting up the measure ’s centerpiece -- its “ troubled asset relief program ” -- Paulson “ is authorized to take such actions as the secretary deems necessary ” to carry out the effort , including hiring , contracting and assigning companies to act as agents of the government , as well as buying , holding and selling assets .
Or again , in splitting up the $ 700 billion , the measure makes the first $ 250 billion immediately available and simply requires President Bush or his successor to declare that additional sums are needed in order to get the next $ 100 billion .
When it comes to the final $ 350 billion , it does n’t require congressional approval , but instead gives lawmakers 15 days to vote their disapproval or the money starts flowing .
Still another example : House Republicans nearly derailed the whole effort late last week , claiming they had uncovered a cheaper alternative , a plan to have Washington offer companies a kind of insurance for their troubled mortgage - backed securities .
By Sunday night , proponents of the scheme were saying that they had scored a major victory .
Advertisement
“ My colleagues are much happier with this bill now , ” said Rep. James T. Walsh ( R - N.Y . ) .
“ The insurance proposal is very popular . ”
But while the compromise requires Paulson to set up such an insurance program , it goes out of its way to avoid requiring him to use it , saying only that the Treasury secretary “ may develop guarantees of troubled assets and the associated premiums . ”
Treasury officials and many independent analysts have expressed deep skepticism that the insurance program could save Washington any money unless it set a price for coverage that was so high no one could afford it .
“ Normally you buy insurance before something bad happens , ” said Brookings Institution economist Douglas Elmendorf .
“ You ca n’t really buy afterward . ”
House and Senate Democrats will likely see some of their own most cherished provisions treated much like the insurance measure -- with Paulson deciding how to handle them .
Advertisement
For example , while Democratic lawmakers declared that the final bill would ban companies selling troubled assets to the government from giving their executives multimillion - dollar salaries and “ golden parachute ” severance packages , Treasury officials briefing reporters on background late Sunday said the actual provisions were extraordinarily narrow .
The ban would generally apply only to severance packages , not salaries , and then only to packages negotiated in the future , not ones already in place .
In addition , the bans would only affect companies that sell large blocks of assets to Washington , and only when the executive is fired or the company had gone bust .
“ We want to encourage all institutions , including healthy institutions , to participate ” in the program , said one of the Treasury briefers .
“ We ’re not abrogating existing [ compensation ] contracts . ”
A similar fate almost certainly awaits Democrat - drafted provisions to have the Treasury help financially stretched homeowners by jawboning mortgage servicers into renegotiating their mortgages .
Advertisement
The measure requires Paulson to “ maximize assistance for homeowners . . . and minimize foreclosures . ”
But in the very same sentence , it says the Treasury has to make sure that taxpayers are not stuck with any additional costs , which makes any substantial additional aid to homeowners unlikely .
Even before unveiling the original plan , Paulson exercised sweeping influence over the nation ’s mortgage market , having orchestrated the government ’s Sept. 7 seizure of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , which between them owned or guaranteed nearly half of the mortgages in the U.S .
If the compromise measure is approved , the Treasury secretary will extend the government ’s reach into the one area of housing finance where it has thus far tread only lightly , the market for the kind of exotic financial instruments that Wall Street built atop the once - simple mortgage .
No company or other government agency would have anything close to so large a portfolio of mortgages and mortgage - related securities -- and none ever has in American history .
Advertisement
While House and Senate leaders of both parties confidently predicted swift approval of the compromise measure Sunday , rank - and - file lawmakers were not quite as sure of the final outcome .
“ I think it ’s up in the air , ” said Rep. Christopher Shays ( R - Conn . ) , who described himself as a “ lean ‘ yes , ’ but not a committed ‘ yes . ’ ”
He and many other lawmakers fear the political backlash if the plan does n’t work and financial markets continue to spiral downward .
“ This is a legacy vote ; these are the votes you have to live with for the rest of your life , ” Shays said .
Advertisement
--
peter.gosselin@latimes.com
Over on Boing Boing Gadgets , our John notes that watching Sleeping Beauty on Blu - Ray requires that you accede to over 120 pages of legal garbage in various EULAs before you can start the movie .
Disney has a sickness when it comes to abusive EULAs and contracts .
I once had to cancel a speech at Imagineering because the legal department wanted me to sign something saying that I 'd never use the word " Disney " in print again without permission .
The Laugh Factory attraction at Disney World 's Tomorrowland had a ridiculous EULA on a sign ( you agreed to the terms by passing under the sign ) (! ) in which you promised that any jokes you suggested were your own and that you would indemnify Disney from any copyright suits arising from the telling of the jokes ( the sign was not a joke ) .
As though eight year olds can form contracts ( they can 't ) , by standing under signs ( they can 't ) , and as though most jokes people tell are original ( they are n't ) .
People worry that Disney trains their kids to grow up to be princesses and whatnot , but that 's nothing next to the risk that watching Sleeping Beauty on Blu - Ray will lead your kids to believe that it 's normal to have to agree to hundreds of pages of garbage every time you want to experience culture .
Imagine how awful their dinner - parties will be !
Sleeping Beauty Blu - Ray requires viewers to agree to 57 page EULA
Discuss this on Boing Boing Gadgets
Have you seen this image before ?
You know you have .
It ’s probably right on the tip of your tongue .
This is the image for this week ’s “ Where In The Universe ? ” challenge .
The goal of this challenge is to test your skills and visual knowledge of our universe .
Guess the name of this image , and give yourself extra points if you can guess the telescope or project that this image came from ( is that a clue ?
It ’s not from a spacecraft … ) .
As always , do n’t peek below before you make your guess .
Comments on how you did are welcome .
This image is of “ Hanny ’s Voorwerp ” from the Galaxy Zoo project , which in turn , is part of the Sloan Digital Sky Survey , which uses a 2.5 - meter telescope on Apache Point , NM , to scan the sky .
‘ Voorwerp ’ is Dutch for ‘ object ’ , and ‘ Hanny ’ refers to Hanny van Arkel , a Dutch school teacher .
The voorwerp is the blue blob just below the big galaxy .
Hanny found the object as she was classifying galaxies from astronomical images as part Galaxy Zoo ’s “ citizen science ” project , where volunteers classify galaxies as spiral or eliptical .
As for what the blob is , no one knows for sure .
Yet .
Other spectral images show the blob as green , which is probably closer to how our eyes would actually see it if we were close enough .
It ’s about 700 million light years from Earth and the Voorwerp itself is about 65,000 light years across .
Hanny ’s Voorwerp has been of interest to lots of folks , and an astronomer at the William Herschel telescope at La Palma took a spectrum of the Voorwerp , in an effort to help figure out what it is .
The spectrum showed that the Voorwerp is at the same distance as the big galaxy .
This implies that it ’s really big and luminous .
The the best explanation might be that the Voorwerp got its energy from light that was once emitted by a bright quasar .
The big galaxy , called IC 2497 is thought to have once hosted the quasar that lit up Hanny ’s Voorwerp .
From the Galaxy Zoo Blog : “ What is the Voorwerp ?
That ’s not too clear yet .
We have to properly analyse the spectrum to understand what exactly is going on .
It ’s likely forming stars at a huge rate , ionising lots of gas and making it shine .
We ’re also trying to get a deeper image to see if there ’s evidence of an interaction between the big galaxy and the Voorwerp . ”
If you ’re not familiar with Galaxy Zoo , check it out .
It ’s a lot of fun .
If you ’re good at this challenge , you ’d be a great help over at Galaxy Zoo .
And who knows ?
Maybe you could find the next unusual object !
Food prices have been causing problems throughout Asia
Food and oil inflation and volatility in financial markets will cut growth in Asia to 7.6 % this year from 9 % in 2007 , says the Asian Development Bank ( ADB ) .
The Manila - based organisation said inflation in the region was expected to rise to 6.3 % , more than double the average rate of the past 10 years .
Inflation has been rising in countries across the region , where half of family expenditure is on food and fuel .
To tackle inflation fiscal authorities have been tightening credit recently .
" Rising inflation is a serious threat to the region 's sustained , strong growth as high import costs of food and fuel threaten to trigger a price / wage spiral , unleashing more inflation , " ADB economist Jong - Wha Lee said in the bank 's semi-annual report .
Economic growth in China is expected to slow to 9.9 % in 2008 and 9.7 % in 2009 , from a growth rate of 11.9 % in 2007 .
The slowdown in China is seen as being due to a gradual appreciation of the yuan , monetary tightening policies and weakening external demand , the bank said .
Growth in the 10 - member Association of Southeast Asian Nations ( Asean ) is forecast to ease by 1 percentage point to 5.5 % in 2008 , the bank said .
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev ( R ) and German Chancellor Angela Merkel walk together at St Petersburg University on October 2 , 2008 .
Merkel told her Russian hosts during her visit on Thursday that Georgia 's territorial integrity was non-negotiable , implicitly rebuking Moscow for recognizing two Georgian regions as independent states .
( UPI Photo / Anatoli Zhdanov ) | License Photo
MOSCOW , Oct. 3 ( UPI ) --
The U.S. financial crisis should be taken as a sign that America 's global economic leadership is on the wane , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said .
Along with other European leaders , Medvedev said poorly regulated U.S. markets caused the current crisis , as he urged greater multilateralism in financial regulation , The New York Times reported Friday .
Advertisement
" The times when one economy and one country dominated are gone for good , " the Russian leader said Thursday at St. Petersburg State University during the eighth annual Petersburger Dialog , a forum on developing relations with Germany .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said her country would " always support a multilateral approach " to market regulation .
Russians also are facing a financial system that has been in such turmoil that regulators suspended trading on the stock market three times last month , the Times said .
The Russian finance minister said the global credit crisis could cut about 1 percent from Russian growth next year .
21 Most Used Fonts By Professional Designers
The fonts are one of the most important parts of every web Project .
All though there have been many other selective collection font posts around which most of the time leads to big confusions
Like which typefaces is really useful for your project or how to choose your font from the list of hundred fonts .
We spent last whole week reviewing dozens of font reservoirs and typography articles about fonts usability and popularity .
Finally we end up with a list of 21 Most Used Fonts by Professional Designers in Web Designing World .
All the screenshots made in such a way that there is no point of confusion .
You can directly check the actual preview and corresponding font type .
The basic purpose behind this post is to show popular font types .
there is no direct download link available for any font .
You can find some related references at the end of the post .
1. Helvetica
2. Frutiger
3. Myriad Pro
4. Avenir Std
5. Trajan
6. Optima Std
7. ITC Franklin Gothic Std
8. Futura
9. Bickham Script
10 . Univers
11 . Eurostile
12 . Interstate
13 . Trade Gothic
14 . Gill Sans
15 . Warnock
16 . Kepler
17 . Bodoni
18 . Bembo
19 . Rockwell
20 . Meta
21 . Gotham
Other References
Nicht nur heute ist Wohnraum in Deutschland echte Mangelware , sondern auch vor über 100 Jahren kämpften die Menschen schon mit ähnlichen Problemen : Damals zog etwa jeder dritte Mieter in Berlin nach spätestens einem Jahr wieder um , da die Arbeiter besonders während der Industrialisierung des späten 19 .
Jahrhunderts in unsicheren Verhältnissen lebten .
Während dieser Zeit wuchsen die Städte so stark , dass es überall an Wohnraum fehlte – an Eigentum war damals nicht zu denken .
Für die Menschen kam nur das Wohnen zur Miete in Frage .
Aus dieser
Not heraus , entwickelte sich eine starke Miettradition in den Städten , die bis heute das Wohnverhalten in Deutschland prägt .
So lebt noch immer jeder Zweite in Deutschland zur Miete .
Vergleicht man dieses Ergebnis international , ist festzustellen , dass es sich hierbei um einen hohen Anteil handelt .
In Südeuropa sind hingegen dreiviertel der Wohnungen Privateigentum .
1920er - Jahre : „ Goldenes Zeitalter der Wohnungspolitik ”
Doch es fehlte nicht nur während der Industrialisierung an ausreichend Wohnraum , sondern auch nach dem Ersten Weltkrieg war die Wohnungsnot noch groß .
Damals entstanden dank der demokratischen Organisation des Staates zahlreiche Initiativen .
So gelten bis heute die 1920er - Jahre als das „ goldene Zeitalter ” der Wohnungspolitik .
In dieser Zeit wurden neue Siedlungsformen entwickelt , in denen Ideen von besseren Häusern verwirklicht werden sollten : Licht , Luft und Sonne sollten fortan die Wohnarchitektur bestimmen .
Neue Konzepte der Finanzierung wurden zu diesem Zeitpunkt ebenfalls realisiert , um die Großprojekte bauen zu können .
Folglich gab es bis Mitte der 1920er - Jahre bereits 4.000 Genossenschaften in Deutschland .
Diese bauten oft ohne staatliche Unterstützung neue Siedlungen , da sie auf der Idee der Gemeinnützigkeit beruhten .
Wiederaufbau in Ost und West
Über 500.000 Wohnungen wurden in Deutschland zu Beginn der 1950er - Jahre fertig gestellt .
Davon wurde der Großteil im Rahmen des öffentlich geförderten Wohnungsbaus errichtet .
Allerdings entwickelte sich die Wohnungspolitik nach der deutschen Teilung in den beiden deutschen Staaten in konträre Richtungen :
Als Bestandteil der staatlichen Planwirtschaft wurde in der DDR der Wohnungs - und Städtebau als Bestandteil definiert .
Wohnungen gab es damals nur auf Zuteilung .
Während in der DDR Grundstückseigentümer enteignet wurden , erhielt hingegen in der BRD das Privateigentum absoluten Vorrang in der Wohnungspolitik .
Seit der Industrialisierung waren Lösungen gegen die Wohnungsnot eine hochrangige gesellschaftspolitische Frage , die bis heute kontrovers diskutiert wird .
Denn beim
Wohnen geht es in erster Linie immer darum , inwieweit die Politik in den Wohnungsmarkt eingreift .
Das heutige Leben in den Großstädten
Auch heute zieht es immer mehr Menschen in die wirtschaftsstarken Städte :
So hat sich nach Angaben des statistischen Bundesamtes der Anteil an Ein-Personen - Haushalten in den vergangenen Jahren von 20 auf 40 Prozent verdoppelt .
Demnach fehlt es auch an ausreichend Wohnraum !
Laut den Berechnungen des Deutschen Mieterbunds ( DMB ) werden heute in den Ballungsräumen schätzungsweise über 250.000 Wohnungen benötigt
Hingegen in anderen Regionen Deutschlands , beispielsweise in Städten wie Essen , Bochum oder auch Chemnitz und Leipzig Wohnungen leer stehen , da hier die Zahl der Einwohner sinkt .
externer Link zum Artikel :
news.immobilo.de/2015/01/09
Russia : Poland Risks Attack Because of US Missiles Russian general says Poland 's cooperation exposes it to attack , possibly nuclear
Aug 15 , 2008  --
A top Russian general said Friday that Poland 's agreement to accept a U.S. missile interceptor base exposes the ex-communist nation to attack , possibly by nuclear weapons , the Interfax news agency reported .
The statement by Gen. Anatoly Nogovitsyn is the strongest threat that Russia has issued against the plans to put missile defense elements in former Soviet satellite nations .
Poland and the United States on Thursday signed a deal for Poland to accept a missile interceptor base as part of a system the United States says is aimed at blocking attacks by rogue nations .
Moscow , however , feels it is aimed at Russia 's missile force .
" Poland , by deploying ( the system ) is exposing itself to a strike — 100 percent , " Nogovitsyn , the deputy chief of staff , was quoted as saying .
Meanwhile , Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili agreed to changes to the tenuous cease - fire agreement with Russia today , despite some concessions to Moscow 's interests in the conflict .
At a joint appearance with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice in Tiblisi after signing the accord , Saakashvili lashed out again at Russia and the West .
We will " never , ever surrender " he said about the conflict with Russia .
He then accused the West of triggering Russian aggression by denying his country membership in NATO .
Rice defended the new cease - fire document , saying it requires that the Soviets leave Georgia immediately adding that the time has come " to begin a discussion of the consequences of what Russia has done . "
Saakashvili used the opportunity to again criticize the West .
He says he warned the world about a Russian military buildup for months .
He says that Russia mobilized 1,200 tanks within hours to invade Georgian territory .
" This whole thing could of been prevented , " Saakashvili said .
" We are today looking evil directly in the eye , " a visibly emotional Saakashvili told reporters .
He said Georgia would never reconcile itself to any occupation of its territory by Russia .
Earlier President Bush also lashed out at Moscow saying that " bullying and intimidation are not acceptable ways to conduct foreign policy in the 21st century . "
" Georgia 's sovereignty and territorial integrity must be respected .
Moscow must honor its commitment to withdraw its invading forces from all Georgian territory , " Bush said before leaving for a vacation in Texas .
In a day marked by diplomacy , Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany met with the Russian president , Dmitri Medvedev , to discuss the situation in Georgia .
Another sign of the deteriorating relations between Russia and the U.S. flared up Friday over the proposed U.S. missiles defense system that will be placed in Poland .
Rice announced this week that final details have been worked out and she hopes to sign the agreement with Poland soon .
Senior Russian defense official , Col. Gen. Anatoly Nogovitsyn , suggested that Poland was making itself a target by agreeing to host the anti-missile system .
Such an action " cannot go unpunished , " he warned .
In the Caucasus Friday , there are continued reports of Russian military maneuvers within Georgia , and U.S. intelligence reports indicate that for the last few days Russian soldiers have been steadily dismantling the Georgian military infrastructure , most recently blowing up several vessels in the Black Sea port of Poti .
These actions are in direct contradiction to the second point of the cease - fire plan that Saakashvili has just signed and is now awaiting a Russian signature .
It calls for " an immediate halt to all military action . "
It also demands that " Russian troops return to the lines they held before the start of the military operation . "
But their presence is still apparent in several Georgian towns , most notably the flashpoint of Gori , where Russia maintains they are working with the Georgian police to establish law and order .
When ABC News visited Gori yesterday Russian troops were blocking the roads with tanks and refusing to allow journalists access .
Today they are continuing the blockade but have allowed in some humanitarian aid .
" It 's quiet there , but now there are problems with food , " said Alexander Lomaia , the head of Georgia 's national security council .
But the most contentious point of the six - part peace plan is the last one , which calls for " The start of an international discussion over the future status of South Ossetia and Abkhazia . "
This is where the diplomatic war is really being fought .
Speaking at a joint press conference with Merkel , Russian President Medvedev said , " Unfortunately after what has happened it is unlikely that the Ossetians and the Abkhazians will be able to live in one state together with the Georgians .
Medvedev added that Russian peacekeepers would guarantee the " will of the people " of the two regions .
As Bush made clear in his statement this morning , the United States wants to see the text refer to respect for Georgia 's " territorial integrity , " an oft - repeated phrase that was noticeably absent from the six - point plan , according to officials .
The United States is also concerned about the fifth point in the agreement , added at the urging of the Russians , which allows in vague terms for Russian troops to act in a peacekeeping role even outside of South Ossetia .
" Before an international solution is worked out Russian peacekeepers are to take up an additional security role , " the clause says .
Russia is using the clause to explain its continued military presence within Georgia , saying that its role in places like Gori is necessary after looting and armed robbery broke out upon Georgian troops ' departure .
Point five allows for a holdover force until an international peacekeeping force replaces them , but that may take some time , perhaps even months .
The United States may try to punish Russia , or at least hold punitive measures over Moscow 's head in order to push a deal through .
The Russians succeeded in adding the contentious points by bargaining from a strong position , and the United States is trying to take back the high ground , observers say .
Namely , the United States is threatening to block Russia 's accession into the World Trade Organization , something it has coveted for years with American backing .
Similarly , the United States may try to block future meetings of the NATO - Russia council .
Just this week the United States boycotted such a meeting , and Russia refused to attend without the United States at the table .
" There are a lot of signals being sent , " said one senior American official .
Russia 's membership in the G - 8 may also be in jeopardy , but officials note that this option may not be actively pursued .
For now , Rice is focused on resolving the conflict diplomatically and showing America 's " unwavering support " of Georgia .
As President Bush put it today , " The people of Georgia have cast their lot with the free world , and we will not cast them aside . "
However Rice has a difficult task proving this to the Georgian people many of whom feel abandoned by their super - power ally .
As one newspaper headline in Tblisi put it this morning .
" Georgia .
All alone in standoff with Russia " .
The word Georgia written is in red and the picture is of a man on the ground cradling a dead body and reaching out in anguish , his face distorted .
The Associated Press and Clarissa Ward in Tblisi contributed to this report .
Bush has been the most
disastrous president of modern times .
Just count the days till we
can cheer his departure
End of a destructive era : Outgoing President Bush
TV viewers will know it as the oldest sitcom joke in the world : a relative from hell arrives on the doorstep , demanding to stay the night .
Cue the children fleeing to the neighbours for refuge , while dad stomps off to the pub .
Well , that is the jape that the President of the United States has been playing on every major capital in Europe .
In Rome , Paris , Berlin and most recently London , George W. Bush 's farewell tour has drawn less welcoming crowds than a Russian Eurovision song contestant .
It is a tragic irony .
Whether people admit this or not , America remains the focus of much of the world 's attention , hopes , admiration , envy .
Yet Bush , seven months away from leaving office , has become its least loved leader of modern times .
Does he care ?
' Only to the extent that it affects people 's views of the citizens I represent , ' he shrugged to a British interviewer at the weekend .
' Do I care about my personal standing ?
Not really .'
This is probably true .
Throughout his political career , Bush has been driven by a profound sense of his own rightness .
One of his shrewdest recent biographers , a fellow Texan named Robert Draper , entitled his study of the President , Dead Certain .
George W. has always been dead certain .
Of Iraq today , he says : ' Democracy is succeeding there .
We 're beginning to see progress …
The Iraqi people are living in a free society . '
He perceives himself , as he has done since 9/11 , as a war president who has simply done the necessary things in response to the evil people who threaten his country .
We foreigners , of course , see it somewhat differently .
We perceive a president who has transformed overwhelming global support for the United States after the terrorist attacks of 2001 - his first year of office - into the situation of 2008 in which Bush 's country is widely unloved , even hated , around the world , and has lost the trust of some of its oldest allies .
In the wake of 9/11 , some ignorant , powerful and thus dangerous men in Bush 's administration saw an opportunity to pursue their own cherished ambitions .
Vice - President Dick Cheney , Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and Assistant Secretary Paul Wolfowitz , like the President himself , were neo-conservatives .
Top of their agenda was the toppling of Saddam Hussein .
They cared nothing for the fact that the CIA could find no evidence that Iraq had anything to do with the attacks on the Twin Towers and the Pentagon .
They saw only that the American people would support military action against the nation 's enemies .
This gave the neo-cons their break : they could start by Max Hastings their very own all - singing , all - shooting war .
Afghanistan came first .
That cause possessed legitimacy in the eyes of the UN and much of the world , because the Taliban had provided Al Qaeda with safe havens from which to attack America .
Kabul fell swiftly to the warlords of the Northern Alliance , backed by the CIA and U.S. air power , in December 2001 .
But the moment the campaign seemed won , Bush and his people walked away from the Afghans .
Descent Into Chaos , a fine new book by a Pakistani journalist named Ahmed Rashid , details the manner in which Afghanistan was allowed to fall apart , because the Bush Administration said without apology as it left in 2002 : ' We do n't do nation - building . '
All the Stealth bombers , special forces and cruise missile launchers were hurried away to attend Bush 's banquet , the war which he really cared about - against Iraq .
We do not need to repeat that story .
What matters is what we are left with .
In fairness to the U.S. , a lot of lessons have been learned since 2003 .
Outside the White House , at least , in the State Department and the U.S. Army , there is understanding of past mistakes .
The past few years in Iraq and Afghanistan have been spent attempting to undo the consequences of all the foolish things done at the outset .
Levels of violence in Iraq have now fallen .
Al Qaeda fighters in the country ( there were none there , of course , before Bush came ) have suffered heavy defeat .
But there is still little sign that the Iraqi national government is working .
The Iraqis might eventually be able to stand on their own feet .
But it remains unlikely that they will do so as part of an integrated nation with freedoms we would recognise .
Bush has made another big mistake , by identifying the security interests of the U.S. entirely with those of Israel .
At the weekend , Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice belatedly criticised Israel 's new settlements on Palestinian territory as ' unhelpful ' to peace .
Yet , throughout this administration , Israel has been able to do pretty much as it chose to the Palestinians , with the assurance of support from Washington .
It is nonsense today to talk about a ' Middle East peace process ' .
There is no such thing .
Progress in the region can come only when the U.S. is ready to lean on Israel as well as the Palestinians .
Bush 's policies towards Israel , as well as towards Saddam , have made it much more difficult for the West to handle Iran , always a graver threat to global stability than Iraq .
We take less notice of Bush 's economic policies than of what he does abroad .
But American bankers regard the failure of these at least as seriously as Iraq .
One of them said to me at dinner last week : ' He had the chance to fix the problems , including our huge budget deficit .
He never took it .'
Bush 's big economic pitch was to cut taxes for the rich , his favourite constituents .
By doing so , he deepened social divisions inside the U.S. , and worsened the problems of a nation spending a fortune on its foreign wars .
His successor will inherit an economy in recession , together with precious little scope for imaginative action .
Bush , like Blair and Brown here , has spent all the money .
His reputation among his own people is not only as a war - maker , but as a bungler .
Most Americans were at least as dismayed by the failure of Washington 's response to Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans three years ago as they were by Iraq .
But the sorriest aspect of Bush 's legacy is his destruction of one of America 's most priceless assets , its moral authority .
U.S. policy is always driven by self - interest .
But for most of modern times , that self - interest has been perceived by many other societies as enlightened .
America 's values are also ours .
What has served U.S. purposes has also served us , especially through the Cold War .
Today , by contrast , much of the globe feels alienated from American goals , whether on trade , climate change ( Bush is a sceptic ) , economics or war .
The great challenge for this president 's successor is to rebuild not only alliances abroad , but trust .
This can be done , especially with the surge of global goodwill that would greet an Obama victory .
But it will be tough , because Bush will leave such a mess .
Pity the Queen at the weekend , obliged to make small talk with George W. on his final lap of dishonour .
Spare a crumb of sympathy for Gordon Brown , committed to exchange platitudes with this discredited , almost time - expired leader of the greatest nation on earth - and even to send a few more British soldiers to Afghanistan to please him .
Bush has been the most disastrous U.S. president of modern times .
It will take years to repair the damage he has inflicted .
We should start counting the days until January , when we can celebrate his departure .
Bob Chapman | October 8 , 2008
Indeed , the party is over .
You have all watched in horror as five years worth of stock market gains have been vaporized since the peak on October 9 , 2007 , almost exactly one year ago , when the Dow closed at a bogus 14,164.53 .
Yesterday , on October 7 , 2008 , the Dow closed at 9,447.11 , a loss of an astonishing 4,717.42 points , or 33.3 % , precisely a one third loss in only one year .
The last time the Dow closed at a lower level than this was September 30 , 2003 , when the Dow closed at 9,275.06 .
As astonishing as these losses are , they should come as no surprise , especially to our subscribers , who have been warned that this was coming for several years running .
All the gains for the past 8 plus years have been illusory , and the losses suffered over the past year are the direct outcome of an economy that has been based on nothing but smoke and mirrors ever since the dot.com collapse in 2000 .
All of our financial markets have been propped up falsely by the illegal manipulators who comprise the Plunge Protection Team ( PPT ) , also known as the President 's Working Group on Financial Markets , and by false economic statistics so warped and inaccurate by virtue of hedonics that they read more like a fiction novel than the official statistics of what was once the world 's greatest economic power .
Hey Congress .
Guess what ?
You have all just been purchased , compromised , threatened and / or duped by the same satanic trillionaires who manipulate your puppet strings from their ivory towers in our evil shadow government .
You have sold out the American people , who you falsely purport to represent , by approving the Paulson Ponzi Plunder Plan ( PPPP ) , a gift of $ 700 billion to the same elitist scum who have intentionally and malevolently ruined our economy to pave the way for their precious New World Disorder , after packing this traitorous piece of legislation with $ 150 billion of pork , no less .
The approval even occurred contrary to well established Constitutional procedure .
You all had myocardial infarctions when the PPT took the Dow down 777 points on the day of your first vote on September 29 to extort your approval of their filthy bailout money , scaring your constituents by trashing their savings and pension plans .
You then turned the plan down only because you thought you might be lynched by constituents in November .
Then the PPT did this to you again , after pushing the Dow up almost 500 points the following day , by trimming off almost 500 points in the two days leading up to your second vote on October 3 .
The Dow was again pushed up about 300 points in the early going in anticipation of a positive vote on October 3 , making you believe that you had to pass the plan to save the markets .
Then surprise , surprise , the markets get trashed , after you approve the PPPP .
This was the plan all along .
They led you to believe that the markets would recover if you passed the PPPP , but they had no intention of supporting the stock markets , which are now being sacrificed once again to support the dollar and the bond markets , and to suppress precious metals , all in anticipation of a worldwide reduction in interest rates .
The Fed is going to lower rates again , and they said as much in their most recently released statement .
And the world is going to follow suit very soon .
Some , like Australia , have gotten a jump on the Fed .
That is why gold and silver have been trashed the way they were .
They wanted to do as much technical damage to gold , silver and their related shares as they could , thus lowering the bar and forcing the precious metals to rally from a much lower vantage point than would have been set by free and fair markets , without interference by the fascist players in the PPT .
Yes folks , that 's right , the stock markets have yellow fever once again .
You would think they would have become immune by now after having several severe cases over the past couple of years .
We suspect that stock markets do not function quite like human bodies , unfortunately .
We have told you all along the gold suppression is JOB ONE at the Fed , and that the bond and derivative market is their source of power .
The bond market includes treasuries , the perceived quality of which is directly related to the performance of the dollar .
And that perceived quality is all - important in order to maintain the successful auction of treasuries to foreigners , and to keep their exports to the US competitive , which is especially important as trade slows due to a worldwide credit - crunch and recession .
Knowing these priorities of the Illuminati makes it quite easy to figure out what they are up to .
So here is what they are doing :
The idea is to boost the dollar to support the treasury market by instilling confidence in these dollar - denominated assets , increase the value of bonds by strengthening the dollar and by lowering rates , thereby improving balance sheets of financial institutions which own such bonds , and to simultaneously suppress precious metals by virtue of the strengthening of the dollar and the liquidations of metals and other commodities positions to cover margins generated by crashing stock values .
By falsely suppressing precious metals and boosting the dollar , the Illuminist hope is that the real damage that has been done to our economy and to our dollar by inflation of the money supply by the Fed , and by free trade , globalization , off - shoring , outsourcing and both legal and illegal immigration , will be successfully hidden until it no longer matters whether such damages remain hidden or not .
This is also why they wo n't admit to a recession .
The strategy then , is to use the stock markets and the oil and commodity markets as the sacrificial lambs for the bond and derivative markets , and as support for the dollar .
To accomplish this , the US stock markets are allowed to crash by the PPT which withdraws its support , allowing the stocks to fall based on horrendous negative fundamentals and de-leveraging .
Everyone runs for treasuries , pushing bond prices up and rates of return down .
The US stock markets then usually cause a sympathetic explosion in the Japanese markets , and everyone in the Japanese and Asian stock markets start to sell their stock and run for the cover of Japanese bonds in much the same way as we run ( stupidly ) for US treasury paper in the event of a crisis .
The non -yen currencies , which are obtained via these stock liquidations are then converted to yen and used to purchase Japanese bonds and treasuries .
This process strengthens the yen , thus starting the cascade of losses as carry traders run to cover their margins .
As the carry traders bail out of foreign stock holdings , they convert the proceeds , which are in foreign currencies , into dollars , so that they can purchase US treasuries , where the money is then temporarily and ( they think ) safely parked .
In the current case , the PPT withdrew its support on Friday after the PPPP was approved .
This , together with a worldwide banking and liquidity crisis caused Japanese markets on Monday to react badly to the US markets ' treatment of the PPPP on Friday , and the yen became super yen once again , soaring from 105.76 yen per dollar to 101.26 yen per dollar , and from 146.118 yen per euro to a stupefying 136.782 yen per euro ( that 's almost 10 yen per euro in one day ! )
With the bloodied carry traders in full retreat , the European and US markets also got taken to the cleaners on both Monday and Tuesday .
So what happens as a result of all this financial carnage is that many traders located abroad , or even here in the US , liquidate their foreign stock holdings into whatever currencies they are denominated in , and then use that currency to purchase dollars which are then parked in US treasuries for perceived safety .
That process bids up the value of the dollar , thus suppressing precious metals and increasing the attractiveness of US treasuries .
The increased demand for US treasuries also boosts their value , thus strengthening the balance sheets of Wall Street fraudsters , who now own a considerable number of treasuries , which they have received in exchange for their toxic waste .
Meanwhile , institutional carry traders are also in a mad dash to cover their margins as well , and precious metals and commodities get liquidated to raise the cash needed to cover .
This is why we have recommended for over a year now that those dealing in precious metals and commodities maintain un-leveraged , long - term , stock index puts and yen calls , to counteract these PPT maneuvers by maintaining liquidity via these puts and calls without selling off their metals and commodities .
The oil market is a special case , not only due to its vast size , but because the hammering of oil prices is the only financial manipulation available to the Illuminati which has the effect of simultaneously suppressing precious metals while supporting the value of the dollar and boosting the economy .
No other manipulation can accomplish all three objectives simultaneously as powerfully as oil can .
Take a rate change by the Fed for example .
If the Fed hikes , precious metals are suppressed and the dollar is boosted , but the economy suffers .
If the Fed cuts , the economy gets some relief , but the dollar gets hit and precious metals rally .
This special case for oil is due to the euro effect of petrodollars and the extensive use of oil in the production of goods and services .
Because OPEC nations tend to spend their money in Europe , as opposed to spending it in the US , they take their gargantuan sums of petrodollars and convert them to euros , thus weakening the dollar .
When oil prices decline , the flow of petrodollars is slowed and there are less petrodollars to convert .
This process supports the dollar by lessening the number of dollars that are being sold to purchase euros .
The resulting stronger dollar then has the effect of suppressing precious metals .
Any decline in the price of oil also decreases the cost of goods and services , thus supporting the economy and giving the appearance of less inflation .
The perceived diminution of inflation also suppresses precious metals , which are often bought as a hedge against soaring oil costs .
Due to the special case for oil described above , we see oil going much lower unless some new military conflict to keep the phony " War on Terror " going is in the cards , such as an October surprise .
If you are long oil , we strongly suggest hedging your positions .
The coming decline in oil will help to boost resource stocks substantially by reducing the cost of production .
Lindsey Williams could still be right about $ 50 per barrel oil , but for reasons different from those he was told , although we do not yet see oil going quite that low .
We also ask Mr. Chavez of Venezuela what he is going to do now that oil is in the process of being slaughtered , considering that he has stopped all the gold and silver projects in his country just when gold and silver are due to explode to new highs .
We warned these governments about having one dimensional economies .
Russia and the Middle East will have similar problems if oil continues to drop as we enter recession and depression on a global scale .
Also note that a dramatic decline in commodities in general would have an impact similar to a decline in the price of oil , but with less power due to the smaller size of the non-oil commodity markets compared to the oil market and due to the lack of a pronounced euro effect .
That is why the commodities sector has taken such a pounding recently , in furtherance of these elitist objectives .
Now hear this .
The dollar petered out when it hit 82 , and that will be the last hurrah as planned rate cuts are implemented by the Fed .
The commercials have reduced their short positions in precious metals drastically in anticipation of these rate cuts and soaring safe - haven / inflation - hedge investment demand , coupled with physical shortages , decreased or sluggish production , a cessation of central bank selling , hyperinflation from bailouts , monetizations of treasuries and further increases to the money supply by the Fed .
And in case you did not notice it , lease rates for both gold and silver have soared to multi- year highs .
Gold lease rates are in the 2.42 % to 2.88 % range , while silver lease rates are somewhere between 1.35 % and 1.68 % .
When you consider that some of the shorter - term rates were negative not too long ago , these new higher rates speak volumes for what the elitists anticipate for gold and silver prices in the future .
If you want their gold and silver , you are going to have to pay some serious money for it , and also risk having to return it later at much higher prices if you sell it .
What this means is that the use of leasing as a method of precious metals suppression is now history , at least for the time being .
The ability to suppress gold and silver in this meltdown financial environment has become impossible , and soon the elitists will be joining us in our quest to acquire more gold , silver and their related shares .
Congress was told by hundreds of economists that the PPPP would not work and that there were many far better , and far less expensive , alterative plans that could and should be tried before resorting to bailouts dripping with moral hazard .
But did they listen to the people who predicted that the current bloodbath would happen ?
Nooooooo !
Instead , they listened to the same people who created this debacle to begin with , and who have denied that anything was seriously wrong for over a year now .
These miscreants still to this day can not bring themselves to admit that we are in a recession !
They were all hot and bothered when the Dow fell 777 points .
And now the Dow has plunged 1696 points from its September 26 level !
What do ya think of them apples , Congress ?!
Apparently , everyone in the world , with the exception of our members of Congress , can see through the subterfuge of the PPPP , which attempts to use fairytale sales to overvalue cesspool sewage paper so everyone can pretend that the killer subprime and credit - crunch debacles never happened .
Everyone will now be expected to play the ostrich .
This is the most ridiculous thing we have ever heard in our over 40 years of financial analysis and commentary .
It 's the credit default swaps , stupid !
Confidence will not return to the credit markets until the counterparty risk for credit default swaps and interest rate swaps is completely sorted out , which could take years , assuming it is even possible in such an opaque , unregulated environment .
If you were wondering what the PPPP is really all about , since the plan otherwise makes no sense as a mark - to - market value enhancer , this plan , coupled with another plan that the Fed and Treasury have put together , known as the Supplementary Financing Program , is , in essence , a stealth bailout of the Federal Reserve Bank itself , which was almost bankrupt .
Due to its various lending facilities , and especially its Term Securities Lending Facility for Primary Dealers where toxic waste is swapped for treasury paper , its balance sheet was either composed almost exclusively of toxic waste , or was on its way to becoming such in the very near future .
It could be that the PPPP was not so much a partial solution to the subprime debacle to improve bank balance sheets by the Treasury 's purchase of toxic waste , as it was a convoluted bailout of the Federal Reserve .
The debt ceiling had to be raised by Congress to accommodate all the new programs the Fed had in mind , and $ 700 billion , a figure supposedly pulled out of the air , apparently is serving that purpose .
We may be mere inches from having the Fed nationalized , thus jump - starting our transition to a corporatist , fascist police state .
And look at the almost god - like powers being given to the Fed .
They can make you or break you if you need their largesse to survive .
Remember , this is a private bank , totally unregulated by our government , which has been given this power via taxpayer funds , and this is probably unconstitutional .
Already the Fed has increased its Monetary Base by $ 150 billion over the past two weeks , and the Reserve Balances with Federal Reserve Banks also increased by a like amount over the same period of time , meaning that the Fed may be monetizing bank assets .
If so , this could be a true helicopter drop , which could produce hyperinflation , especially if it is loaned out to other banks and multiplied to $ 1.5 trillion of credit extended through the fractional reserve banking system .
These funds might also be used to help stem the tide of silent bank - runs .
These increases in the Monetary Base and Reserve Balances were apparently made possible by use of the new Supplementary Financing Program , a program similar to what the Weimar Republic used , which allows the Fed to create cash assets out of thin air by auctioning off treasuries to fund its various facilities , which now include the purchase of unsecured commercial paper for non-banks and banks alike .
Such increases to the Monetary Base and to Reserve Balances are unheard of , and what they may have done here is they may have attempted to re-capitalized the banks , putting them in a position to start speculating all over again .
The confidence problem still remains , however , so this is unlikely to work .
Search engines 10 years from now will be a lot better than the ones we have now .
We know this because Google itself gets a little better each day .
We ’re constantly writing and revising new notions of search relevance , and we release improvements almost daily .
Those improvements add up for us and for other search engines , so it follows that search engines 10 years from now will be markedly better .
Therefore , the real question is not will search be better , but rather how will it be better ?
Location
Social
Language
Conclusion
Your location is one potentially useful facet of personalized information .
Looking at my questions , the answers to a number of them ( What time does J.C. Penney open ?
How much power does that hydroelectric dam generate ?
What time doesplay ? ) require the search engine to know that I was in Yankton , South Dakota and Crofton , Nebraska when I asked .
Since location is relevant to a lot of searches , incorporating user location and context will be pivotal in increasing the relevance and ease of search in the future .
Another element of personalization is social context .
Who am I friends with , and how do I relate to them ?
How can I harness their knowledge more efficiently ?
For example , I have a friend who works at a store called LF in Los Angeles ( hence , the question about LF in San Francisco ) .
By itself , “ LF ” is a very ambiguous acronym .
According to the first page of search results on Google , it could refer to my friend ’s trendy fashion store , but it could also refer to Leapfrog Enterprises , low frequency , Lebhar - Friedman , Li & Fung Investment Group , LF Driscoll Construction Management , large format , or a future concept car design from Lexus .
Today , the person typing “ LF ” has to figure out which is the right result – to “ disambiguate ” the ambiguous term – but this is something that the search engine needs to get better at .
Perhaps we ’ll understand the semantics of the question about where LF in San Francisco is , and infer that LF is a store .
Or maybe , search could analyze my social graph and realize that one of my friends works at LF , that I saw that friend this weekend , and that in that context “ LF ” refers to her place of employment .
Algorithmic analysis of the user ’s social graph to further refine a query or disambiguate it could prove very useful in the future .
In addition , there are searches where actually asking a friend helps .
I was having a hard time finding out the answer to the question about aspirin versus Coumadin because I was spelling it ‘ cumitin ’ and Google was n’t correcting me .
A quick email to a doctor friend , and I was back on the right track - equipped with the right spelling and his explanation of the difference , so I could search and learn even more about how these two drugs are used to thin blood .
There ’s a lot of expertise , knowledge , and context in users ’ social graphs , so putting tools in place to make “ friend - augmented " search easy could make search more efficient and more relevant .
The above examples show how modes , media , and various forms of personalization have the potential to vastly improve search – but what about language ?
We know there are cases where an answer exists on the web , but not in a language you read .
This is why Google is investing in machine translation .
We want to be able to unlock the power of web search for anyone speaking any language .
The basic concept is – if the answer exists online anywhere in any language , we ’ll go get it for you , translate it and bring it back in your native tongue .
This is an incredibly empowering idea that could really change the way that users experience the web and communicate with each other , particularly in languages where not a lot of native content is available .
You can see our early explorations in this space here , by visiting our cross-language information retrieval tool
We ’re all familiar with 80 - 20 problems , where the last 20 % of the solution is 80 % of the work .
Search is a 90 - 10 problem .
Today , we have a 90 % solution : I could answer all of my unanswered Saturday questions , not ideally or easily , but I could get it done with today ’s search tool .
( If you ’re curious , the answers are below . )
However , that remaining 10 % of the problem really represents 90 % ( in fact , more than 90 % ) of the work .
Coming up with elegant , fitting and relevant solutions to meet the challenges of mobility , modes , media , personalization , location , socialization , and language will take decades .
Search is a science that will develop and advance over hundreds of years .
Think of it like biology and physics in the 1500s or 1600s : it ’s a new science where we make big and exciting breakthroughs all the time .
However , it could be a hundred years or more before we have microscopes and an understanding of the proverbial molecules and atoms of search .
Just like biology and physics several hundred years ago , the biggest advances are yet to come .
That ’s what makes the field of Internet search so exciting .
So what 's our straightforward definition of the ideal search engine ?
Your best friend with instant access to all the world ’s facts and a photographic memory of everything you ’ve seen and know .
That search engine could tailor answers to you based on your preferences , your existing knowledge and the best available information ; it could ask for clarification and present the answers in whatever setting or media worked best .
That ideal search engine could have easily and elegantly quenched my withdrawal and fueled my addiction on Saturday .
I ’m very proud that Google in its first 10 years has changed expectations around information and how quickly and easily it should be able to be retrieved .
But I ’m even more excited about what Google search can achieve in the future .
And here , in order , are the answers to my Saturday questions .
Are fab , goy , and eely words ?
Yes , yes , and yes , according to Merriam - Webster : Search : [ fab site :m-w.com ] Result : http://dev.m-w.com/dictionary/fab
Search : [ goy site : m-w.com ]
Result :
McCain Returns to Washington
John McCain is the only man who can impulsively overreact to something 10 days old .
In the previous post I talked about encoding general recursion in Agda using a coinductive monad .
One oddity was that Agda does not automatically unfold coinductive definitions , and a solution was to manually unfold them when we need .
Therefore , instead of proving , for example , for coinductively defined f :
n < k⇒fkn↓=k : forall k n -> n< ′′ k -> f k n ↓= k
we prove a pair of ( possibly mutually recursive ) properties :
n < k⇒⟨fkn⟩↓=k : forall k n -> n< ′′ k -> unfold ( f k n ) ↓= k
n< k⇒fkn↓=k : forall k n -> n <′′ k -> f k n ↓= k
where unfold ( a user - defined function ) performs the unfolding , and the second property follows from the first by ≡-subst and the fact that unfold ( f k n ) ≡ f k n .
While the use of unfold appears to be a direct work around , one may argue that this is merely treating the symptom .
To resolve this and some other oddities , Anton Setzer argued in his letter “ Getting codata right ” ( hence the title of this post ) to the Agda mailing list that we should go back to a category theoretical view of codata , and Dan Doel soon successfully experimented the ideas .
The following , however , are based on my current understanding of their work , which may not be matured yet .
What codata Really Is
Inductive datatypes are defined by describing how a value is constructed .
The following inductive definition :
data List ( a : Set ) :
Set where
[ ] : List a
_∷_ : a -> List a ->
List a
states that [ ] is a list and , given an element x and a list xs , one can construct a list x ∷ xs .
Coinductive datatypes , on the other hand , are specified by how a covalue can be observed .
The following definition of stream :
codata Stream ( a : Set ) :
Set where
[ ] : Stream a
_∷_ : a -> Stream a ->
Stream a
while looking almost identical to List apart from the use of keyword codata , is in fact a definition very different from that of List in nature .
Setzer suggests seeing it as a short - hand for the following collection of definitions ( in Setzer ’s proposed notation but my naming scheme ) :
mutual coalg Stream ( a : Set ) :
Set where
_* : Stream a -> StObserve a data StObserve ( a : Set ) :
Set where
empty : StObserve a
nonempty : a -> Stream a -> StObserve a
Notice that Stream a appears in the domain , rather than the range of _* because we are defining a coalgebra and _* is a deconstructor .
My interpretation is that _* triggers an obserivation .
Given a stream xs , an observation xs * yields two possible results .
Either it is empty , or nonempty x xs ' , in the latter case we get its head x and tail xs ' .
The stream “ constructors ” , on the other hand , can be defined by :
[ ] : {a : Set} ->
Stream a
[ ] * = empty _∷_ : {a : Set} -> a -> Stream a ->
Stream a
( x ∷ xs ) * = nonempty x xs
which states that [ ] is the stream which , when observed , yields empty and x ∷ xs is the stream whose observation is nonempty x xs .
A coinductive definition :
f x ~ e
is a shorthand for
( f x ) * = e *
That is , f x defines an coinductive object whose observation shall be the same as that of e .
Setzer proposes explicit notation ( e.g. ~ ( x ∷ xs ) ) for pattern matching covalue .
Back to current Agda , we may seen pattern matching covalue as implicitly applying _* and pattern - match the result .
For example , the Agda program :
f : {a : Set} -> Stream a -> ...
f [ ] = ...
f ( x ∷ xs ) = ...
can be seen as syntax sugar for :
f : {a : Set} -> Stream a -> ...
f ys with ys *
... | empty = ...
... | nonempty x xs = ...
Covalue - Indexed Types
What about ( co ) datatypes that are indexed by covalues ?
Take , for example , the codatatype Comp a for possibly non-terminating computation , define in my previous post :
codata Comp ( a : Set ) :
Set where
return : a ->
Comp a
_⟩⟩=_ : Comp a -> ( a -> Comp a ) ->
Comp a
and the datatype _↓=_ claiming that certain computation terminates and yields a value :
data _↓=_ {a : Set} : Comp a -> a ->
Set where
↓= -return : forall {x} -> ( return x ) ↓= x
↓= -bind : forall {m f x y} ->
m ↓= x -> ( f x ) ↓= y -> ( m ⟩⟩= f ) ↓= y
What is the definition actually trying to say ?
Given m : Comp a and x , m ↓= x is a type .
In the case that m is return x , there is an immediate proof , denoted by ↓= - return , of ( return x ) ↓= x ( that is , return x terminates with value x ) .
For the case m ⟩⟩= f , we can construct its termination proof , denoted by constructor ↓= - bind , from termination proofs of m and f x .
Setzer suggests the following definition , which corresponds more literally to the verbal description above :
mutual
_↓=_ : {a : Set} -> Comp a -> a ->
Set
return x ↓= y = ↓= - Return x y
( m ⟩⟩= f ) ↓= x = ↓= - Bind m f x data ↓= - Return {a : Set} : a -> a ->
Set where
↓=-return : forall {x} -> ↓= - Return x x data ↓= - Bind {a : Set} : Comp a -> ( a -> Comp a ) -> a ->
Set where
↓= -bind : forall {m f x y} ->
m ↓= x -> ( f x ) ↓= y -> ↓= - Bind m f y
Now ↓= - return and ↓=- bind are the only constructors of their own types , and _↓=_ maps Comp a typed covalues to their termination proofs according to their observations .
Notice that ↓= - Return is exactly the built - in identity type _≡_ : return x terminates with y if and only if x equals y .
For more examples , compare the valueless termination type _↓ in the previous post :
data _↓ {a : Set} : Comp a ->
Set where
↓ - return : forall {x} -> ( return x ) ↓
↓ - bind : forall {m f} ->
m ↓ -> ( forall x -> m ↓= x -> f x ↓ ) -> ( m ⟩⟩= f ) ↓
and its “ correct ” representation :
mutual data _↓ : {a : Set} -> Comp a ->
Set
return x ↓ = ↓- Return x
( m ⟩⟩= f ) ↓ = ↓- Bind m f data ↓- Return {a : Set} : a ->
Set where
↓-return : forall {x} -> ↓- Return x data ↓- Bind {a : Set} : Comp a -> ( a -> Comp a ) ->
Set where
↓ - bind : forall {m f} ->
m ↓ -> ( forall x -> m ↓= x -> f x ↓ ) ->
↓- Bind m f
Here is a non-recursive example .
The datatype Invoked - By characterising sub-computation relation is written :
data Invoked - By {a : Set} : Comp a -> Comp a ->
Set where
invokes - prev : forall {m f} ->
Invoked - By m ( m ⟩⟩= f )
invokes - fun : forall {m f x} -> m ↓= x ->
Invoked - By ( f x ) ( m ⟩⟩= f )
Like above , we define a function for dispatching Comp a covalues according to their observation :
data Invoked - By - Bind {a : Set} : Comp a -> Comp a -> ( a -> Comp a ) ->
Set where
invokes - prev : forall {m f} ->
Invoked - By - Bind m m f
invokes - fun : forall {m f x} -> m ↓= x ->
Invoked - By - Bind ( f x ) m f invoked - by : {a : Set} -> Comp a -> Comp a ->
Set
invoked - by m ( return x ) = ⊥
invoked - by m ( n ⟩⟩= f ) = Invoked - By - Bind m n f
Indeed , return x consists of no sub-computations , therefore invoked - by m ( return x ) is an empty relation .
On the other hand , there are two possibilities invoked - by m ( n ⟩⟩= f ) , represented by the two cases of Invoked - By .
Termination Proof
The lengthy discussion above is of more than pedantic interest .
While the mutually exclusive indexed type definitions may look rather confusing to some , the effort pays off when we prove properties about them .
Redoing the exercises in the previous post using the new definitions , the first good news is that the definitions of Safe , ↓- safe , eval - safe , and eval stay almost the same .
Second , we no longer have to split the termination proofs into pairs .
Take for example the McCarthian Maximum function :
f : ℕ -> ℕ -> Comp ℕ
f k n with k ≤′′ ?
n
... | inj₁ k≤n ~ return n
... | inj₂ n<k ~ f k ( suc n ) ⟩⟩= \x -> f k x
Its termination proof is based on two lemmas , together they state that f k n terminates with the maximum of k and n :
k≤n⇒fkn↓=n : forall k n -> k ≤′′ n -> f k n ↓= n
k ≤n⇒fkn↓=n k n k≤n with k ≤′′ ?
n
... | inj₁ _ = ↓=-return
... | inj₂ n<k = ⊥ - elim ( ¬[ m< n∧n≤m ] ( n < k , k≤n ) ) n< k⇒fkn↓=k : forall k n -> n <′′ k -> f k n ↓= k
n < k⇒fkn↓=k k n n<k with k ≤′′ ?
n
n < k⇒fkn↓=k k n n<k | inj₁ k≤n = ⊥ - elim ( ¬[ m< n∧n≤m ] ( n < k , k≤n ) )
n < k⇒fkn↓=k ._ n _ | inj₂ ≤′′ -refl =
↓= - bind {_}{f ( suc n ) ( suc n ) }{\x -> f ( suc n ) x}{suc n}
( k≤n⇒fkn↓=n ( suc n ) ( suc n ) ≤′′ - refl )
( k≤n⇒fkn↓=n ( suc n ) ( suc n ) ≤′′ - refl )
n < k⇒fkn↓=k ._ n ≤′′-refl | inj₂ ( ≤′′-step 2+n≤n ) =
⊥-elim ( ¬1+n≤n 2+n≤n )
n < k⇒fkn↓=k k n ( ≤′′- step 2+n≤k ) | inj₂ ( ≤′′-step _ ) =
↓= - bind {_}{f k ( suc n ) }{\x -> f k x}{k}
( n< k⇒fkn↓=k k ( suc n ) 2+n≤k )
( k≤n⇒fkn↓=n k k ≤′′ - refl )
Divergence Proof
For some reason ( lack of space , perhaps ? ) , Megacz did not talk about divergence in his PLPV paper .
For completeness , let us give it a try .
A return command always terminates .
On the other hand , m ⟩⟩= f diverges if either m does , or m ↓= x and f x diverges .
This is expressed as :
mutual
_↑ : {a : Set} -> Comp a ->
Set
return x ↑ = ⊥
( m ⟩⟩= f ) ↑ = ↑- Bind m f codata ↑- Bind {a : Set} : Comp a -> ( a -> Comp a ) ->
Set where
↑- prev : forall {m f} -> m ↑ ->
↑- Bind m f
↑ - fun : forall {m f} ->
( forall x -> m ↓= x -> f x ↑ ) ->
↑- Bind m f
For an example , the following is a proof that length diverges when applied to an infinite stream :
length : {a : Set} -> Stream a -> Comp ℕ
length [ ] ~ return zero
length ( x ∷ xs ) ~ length xs ⟩⟩=
-> return ( suc n ) ones : Stream ℕ
ones ~ 1 ∷ ones length - ones↑ : length ones ↑
length - ones↑ ~ ↑- prev {_}{length ones} length - ones ↑
The implicit argument length ones must be given .
Otherwise length - ones↑ fails to typecheck when the file is loaded , although it does typecheck when length - ones↑ was stepwisely constructed using the “ Give ” command .
I do not know whether it is a bug in Agda .
Programs
A disturbing report published this week highlights yet another facet of Israel 's regime in the occupied territories that is seeing Palestinian lives ruined and families torn apart .
As if the alienation of the Palestinians from their pre-1948 homelands was n't crushing enough to those affected , the Hamoked - B'Tselem study reveals an alarming increase in forcible transfers of West Bank residents to the Gaza Strip , effectively making refugees twice over of those falling victim to this punitive policy .
Palestinians whose registered address is in Gaza are now prohibited from living in the West Bank , regardless of how long ago they made the move eastwards .
Thanks to Israel 's flouting of the Oslo agreements , the process of updating Palestinians ' addresses on the population registry has been indefinitely frozen , making criminals of everyone who falls foul of the rule .
The effect has been to separate husbands from their wives and parents from their children , and to add yet another layer of hardship to the already gruelling circumstances in which the Palestinians live .
According to the authors of the paper , the reason behind the Israel authorities ' recent escalation of enforcing this law is based on a desire to do everything within their power to drive a wedge between the West Bank and Gaza , and to turn them into separate entities .
This is , again , in direct contravention of the Oslo Accords , which state that the two areas are to be treated as one geographical unit ; but at the same time it is entirely in keeping with Israel 's strategy of cutting off Gaza as a way of punishing the Hamas government .
B'Tselem 's Jessica Montell , who presented the findings at a press conference on Wednesday , pointed out that Israel is not acting alone when attempting to isolate and demonise Hamas : " The United States and Europe worked closely with Israel to form a united position towards the Hamas government , and the siege on Gaza [ which ] stemmed from that " .
Montell described the latest moves to clamp down on so - called " illegal aliens " in the West Bank as an " exacerbation " of this ostracising approach towards the Hamas leadership .
However , as was shown by way of written and video testimony from Palestinians affected by Israel 's increasingly heavy - handed tactics , it is ordinary civilians who are suffering the most .
Hadeel al - Bardawil , a 22 - year - old mother of two , has been forcibly separated from her husband for over a year , during which time their second child ( whom her husband Jamal has never seen ) was born .
Neither she nor her husband can convince the Israeli authorities to grant them permits to visit one another in either the West Bank or Gaza , and the impact on the entire family has been immense .
" My children now run to their uncles and call them ' daddy ' " , she said .
" I want them to be with their father like other children ; all that I ask for is to live my life in dignity with my family " .
Her story is by no means unique .
Another man described his plight as " abnormal – I have n't seen my daughter for over a year " .
When asked by the interviewer whether he had phone contact with her , he replied bitterly " We 're sick of the phone ; everyone always cries " .
Dozens of similar cases have been brought to the attention of Hamoked although , according to Montell , the number of people affected by the policy could run into " many thousands " .
On top of the denial of permits for families to be reunited , there has been a spate of forcible transfers of Gaza - registered civilians out of the West Bank and into the Gaza Strip , by way of house - to - house searches and other methods of tracking down so - called " illegals " .
Article 49 of the Geneva conventions expressly forbids occupying powers from " forcible transfers , as well as deportation of protected persons [ to anywhere else ] … regardless of the motive " .
Amnesty International go further in their condemnation of the practice , stating that forcible transfer also violates article 33 of the Geneva conventions , which prohibits collective punishment .
However , Israel 's penchant for ignoring the statutes of international law is nothing new ; the current policy being only the latest in a long line of contraventions , and those enforcing it are unlikely to be swayed by censure from human rights groups and NGOs .
Instead , pressure should be brought to bear by those who , at present , are bankrolling and rubberstamping Israel 's ever - more exacting regime in the occupied territories .
Governments that declare themselves champions of human rights and staunch defenders of victims of abuse are , in effect , giving Israel carte blanche to proceed at will in their denial of basic freedoms to the Palestinians .
As one desperate Palestinian mother put it during her testimony , " [ Why do n't they just ] put me in a cage ?
At least I 'll know I 'm in prison , and that I 've got a problem ; and then I 'll give up .
Where [ else ] in the world does a wife have to live apart from her husband for no reason ? "
Her life in limbo is a constant nightmare , and every government cosying up to Israel , while it attempts permanently to divide the West Bank and Gaza , is just as responsible for her plight as the Israeli authorities themselves .
Arnold Schwarzenegger testified in the early 80 ’s that he gets all his strength and vitality from his faith .
In an interview he said “ I feel like a tool in the hands of Jesus , and I do my best cos I have his spirit inside of me .
Each day I wake up and thank him for giving me another day to serve , another day to do good , another day to praise him ” .
Schwarzenegger often was quoted to say that he often achieved ecstasy ( almost physical and often very erotic ) from working out , and if he works out to please the Lord , and does that to better the tool that he is , the instrument in God ’s hands , than his ecstasy is obviously faith related .
My hair is neither curly nor straight , nor even wavy , really .
Just really fine and foofy .
So I do n't really have the option to just leave it as it is , and still look professional and put together .
Just like I always wished I were short - and - adorable or tall - and - statuesque , I wish my hair would decide to be one or the other .
I do n't care which ; I think I look better with straight hair but my mother had glorious curls .
For the record , I think the lady in the clip looks a million times better with curly hair - or at least not like a cookie - cutter version of what is supposed to be " attractive " .
Last week Spectrum Online ran my profile of Andasol 1 , a solar thermal power plant that ’s set to startup in Andalucia with the largest installation built expressly for storing renewable energy : a set of molten salt storage tanks that will hold enough heat energy to run its 50 MW steam turbine for 7.5 hours after dark .
This week brought decisive evidence that another solar thermal design that makes even better use of energy storage — a so - called ‘ power tower ’ whereby sunlight is focused on a central tower — will also have its moment in the Andalucian sun .
The project , dubbed Gemasolar , will employ sun-tracking mirrors covering an area equal to 40 soccer fields to focus light at the top of a roughly 120 - meter - high tower .
There the sunlight will heat a solar receiver full of molten salt .
In contrast , Andasol 1 ( like most of the solar thermal plants under construction in the U.S. , Spain , North Africa and the Gulf ) uses thousands of square meters of trough - shaped mirrors to focus light on a synthetic oil ; energy is stored via heat exchangers that transfer the synthetic oil ’s heat to a molten salt .
One advantage of the power tower is thus obvious : heating salt directly eliminates the need for heat exchangers , reducing installation and operating costs .
Another lies in the fortuitous thermodynamics of heating molten salts , whose maximum safe temperature of 565 C is about 165 C higher than the synthetic oil’s .
Sandia National Lab researchers verified these power tower advantages in the second half of the 90s , but also suffered through a series of operational difficulties .
Five years ago the European Commission provided funding for the Gemasolar project ( then known as the Solar Tres ) to demonstrate that the difficulties could be overcome , but the project foundered on legal issues and changes in Spain ’s renewable energy law .
But engineering continued and this March the project sprung back to life when its lead proponent , Spanish engineering firm Sener , clinched a solar thermal joint venture with Abu Dabi ’s alternative energy program .
With Abu Dabi ’s deep pockets Gemasolar ’s financing just might survive the current financial crisis .
Siemens confirmed that the tower was moving forward this week by disclosing that it would supply the steam turbine to convert the tower ’s solar - generated heat into up to 19 MW of electricity for the Spanish grid .
For further details on Gemasolar , see this frank telling of its origins , design and goals on Sener ’s website .
For details on a competing power tower design that directly produces steam , see this white paper from Spains ’ Abengoa Solar .
: : : : : : : : : :
This post was created for Tech Talk – Insights into tomorrow ’s technology from the editors of IEEE Spectrum .
The Golden State 's penchant for tough laws to protect its residents from flammable furniture and other products may be among the reasons that flame - retardant chemicals are showing up in record levels in bloodstreams and in household dust here , Environmental Health News reports .
This week , a study in the journal Environmental Science and Technology showed levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers , or PBDEs , were higher in blood samples taken here than anywhere else in the country .
Levels found in household dust were highest in predominantly working - class Richmond , but even in more affluent Bolinas , where residents are less exposed to pollutants from highways and factories , they remained well above benchmarks in other parts of the country .
“ It ’s sobering to realize that this one well - intended regulation in California has resulted in the global contamination of a persistent toxic pollutant , ” Ami Zota , a scientist at the Silent Spring Institute , a Massachusetts - based institution , told Environmental Health News .
“ These chemicals have been detected in nearly every species across the globe . ”
Studies on animals have shown PBDEs can alter development of the brain and reproductive systems and disrupt thyroid hormones .
Previous reporting showed the compounds were accumulating in human breast milk , as well as in children , wildlife , food and pets .
-- Geoffrey Mohan
Graphic courtesy of Environmental Health News , published by Environmental Health Sciences
Mr. Dodd , looking tired and annoyed , complained that the late complications were making the episode sound more like “ a rescue plan for John McCain , ” the Republican presidential candidate , than one for the financial system .
It does no good , Mr. Dodd said , “ to be distracted for two or three hours by political theater . ”
The senator was apparently alluding to a growing revolt by conservative Republicans , and the fact that Mr. McCain had not yet endorsed the plan , whose concept runs contrary to the policy positions he has taken .
Mr. McCain and his Democratic opponent , Senator Barack Obama , left the White House by a side entrance without commenting .
The initial silence of the presidential candidates reinforced the impression that thorny issues still need to be addressed .
Shortly afterward , Mr. Obama said in an interview on CNN that he was confident that a deal would be reached “ eventually , ” but he said , “ I think there ’s still some work that needs to be done . ”
Mr. McCain said he , too , was optimistic , at least in the long run .
“ I am confident that we will reach an agreement that gets a majority of my colleagues on my side of the aisle as well as a majority on the other side , ” he said on CBS .
Don Foley
What 's down there ?
Never have we looked at the ocean , from the surface through the depths to the miles - deep seafloor , in one long gaze .
Next fall , Emory Kristof will do just that .
The 62 - year - old photographer , along with an A - team of biologists , oceanographers , and two of Jacques Cousteau 's grandchildren , will venture to the Mariana Trench , just off the coast of Guam in the Pacific Ocean .
There they will drop a remotely operated camera system 7 miles down to the bottom of the deepest spot on Earth .
The result : the first photographic core sample of the ocean .
Kristof hopes the mission will help scientists understand how the undersea food chain works .
Here 's a virtual descent to 36,201 feet .
0 FEET : EPIPELAGIC ZONE
Ample sunlight penetrates down to 650 feet , making photosynthesis possible .
With abundant plant life ( read : food ) , this zone is the most densely populated with fish .
220 feet : Depth at which compressed air becomes toxic and can cause seizures in divers .
558 feet :
Only two people have held their breath to this depth : Audrey Mestre , who died in 2002 when her equipment failed ; and her husband , Pipin Ferreras , who tied her unofficial dive record one year later .
656 FEET : MESOPELAGIC ZONE
Too deep to support photosynthesis :
The fish that survive here are sit-and - wait predators that tend to have large mouths and specialized retinas to increase light reception .
660 feet : Maximum diving depth of the Pacific white - sided dolphin .
1,010 feet : Scuba - diving record set by Brit diver John Bennett in 2001 .
1,640 feet : Maximum diving depth of the blue whale .
1,969 feet : The Deep Sound Channel , a layer in which acoustic signals travel far and fast .
1,969 feet : Maximum diving depth of nuclear - powered attack subs .
3281 FEET : BATHYPELAGIC ZONE
The ocean is dark at this level ; the only glow is from bioluminescent animals .
There are no living plants , and creatures subsist by eating the debris that falls from the levels above , including dead or dying fish and plankton .
3,281 feet : Maximum diving depth of the sperm whale .
To navigate in the darkness , these whales emit high pitched sounds and use echoes to determine the location of prey .
3,937 feet : Maximum diving depth of the leatherback sea turtle .
4,000 feet :
The domain of the Pacific sleeper shark , the largest toothed shark ever photographed .
It can reach lengths of 28 feet .
5,000 feet : A new species of jellyfish , about the size of a thumbnail , was caught at this depth during Emory Kristof 's 2002 Arctic expedition .
5,187 feet : Maximum diving depth of the elephant seal .
6,562 feet : Maximum operating depth of the research submersibles Pisces IV and Pisces V .
8,038 feet : Depth of the hydrothermal vents at the Galapagos Rift , discovered in 1977 .
8,500 feet : Kristof discovered a new species of octopus living at this depth , 500 miles west of Acapulco , Mexico .
10,500 feet :
The largest cusk eel , at a mammoth 7 feet long , was observed at this depth .
12,434 feet : Average ocean depth .
12,500 feet : Depth of the wreck of the Titanic discovered by a US - French team headed by Woods Hole researcher Robert Ballard in 1985 .
13,123 FEET : ABYSSOPELAGIC ZONE
In the pitch - dark of the abyss , there is no light at all , the water temperature is near freezing .
Of the few creatures found at these crushing depths , most are blind and have long tentacles - tiny invertebrates such as shrimp , basket stars , and small squids .
13,123 feet : Depth of the first transatlantic cable , laid in August 1858 .
The 2,500 - mile cable connected Ireland and Newfoundland .
13,123 feet : Maximum operating depth of the ROV Tiburon .
14,000 feet : A lone 8 - inch - long shrimp spotted at this depth in 1979 may be all we know about the deep - sea biology of the North Pole .
14,764 feet : Maximum operating depth of the research submersible Alvin .
In use since 1964 , Alvin was the first deep - sea sub to successfully carry passengers .
15,420 feet : Some of the deepest photos Kristof has taken are of anemones on the wreck of the Bismarck in the Atlantic Ocean .
19,685 FEET : HADOLPELAGIC ZONE
Despite the intense pressure and frigid temperature in the deepwater trenches and canyons , life still exists here , especially near hydrothermal vents on the ocean floor .
Invertebrates such as starfish actually thrive .
19,685 feet : Maximum operating depth of the three - person Russian submersibles Mir I and Mir II .
26,850 feet : Deepest depth reading taken by HMS Challenger at the Mariana Trench in 1875 during the world 's first oceanographic expedition .
The measurement was made by lowering a weighted line to the seafloor .
The Challenger stocked 144 miles of rope for this purpose .
27,460 feet : Depth of deepest - living fish ever recorded .
The 8 - inch - long Abyssobrotula galatheae , a species of cusk eel , was collected from the Puerto Rico Trench .
35,800 feet : Depth of the deepest manned dive .
Jacques Piccard and US Navy lieutenant Don Walsh visited the Mariana Trench in the submersible Trieste on January 23 , 1960 .
Through their porthole , Piccard and Walsh reportedly observed an animal resembling a type of flatfish that was about a foot long .
The Japan Marine Science and Technology Center revisited the site with an ROV in 1995 , setting a new official unmanned submersible depth record .
36,201 feet : Deepest recorded ocean depth , taken by the Soviet submersible Vityaz in 1957 .
ELI LILLY CANNABIS POWDER :
ELI LILLY CANNABIS POWDER :
One Ounce Eli Lilly Powdered Extract # 28 Cannabis - Scarce , empty Cannabis bottle .
Labeled Poison .
Label says Exhilarant , Antispasmodic and Powerful Narcotic .
Label has dark stains but is 98 % legible .
BACK TO
CHAPTER 5
Citing ongoing quality problems , Electronic Arts has terminated its in - progress FPS set in theuniverse , , which had been in development at EA Los Angeles .
"
The game was not on track to meet the high quality standards set by the team and by the EA Games Label , " says EA spokesperson Mariam Sughayer in an official statement to Gamasutra , commenting that " ... there were fundamental problems with the design of the game that the team struggled to correct .
" She added : " A lower quality game is not in the best interest of the consumers and would not succeed in this market .
" When EA Games boss Frank Gibeau recently spoke to Gamasutra about EALA , he told us a strategy was in place to address the studio's past quality issues , and specifically mentioned " evaluating " , along with thebrand .
EALA is also developingand the titles resulting from the publisher 's deal with Steven Spielberg , and has just signed a deal with 300 director Zack Snyder .
The company says that further delayingto resolve its issues was not an option , as it had already delayed the title out to fiscal year 2010 .
The company also declined to specify the financial investment in the game and says it has no plans to do so .
Google blurring out high security sites in Google Maps is n’t new , but photoshopping such sites poorly is definitely new .
This location is Holland has a bad case of Photoshop Blues , complete with 2007 Google remnants on the copy :
Photoshop Disasters suggests it ’s an Alien Landing site .
What ever it is , it needed to be covered up fast and without due care and attention .
( via Chris Nixon on FriendFeed )
The Romans spread their influence far and wide The spread of the Roman Empire through Europe could help explain why those living in its former colonies are more vulnerable to HIV .
The claim , by French researchers , is that people once ruled by Rome are less likely to have a gene variant which protects against HIV .
This includes England , France , Greece and Spain , New Scientist reports .
Others argue the difference is linked to a far larger event , such as the spread of bubonic plague or smallpox .
We 're waiting for the big piece of evidence which will solve this
Dr Susan Scott
Liverpool University
The idea that something carried by the occupying Romans could have a widespread influence on the genes of modern Europeans comes from researchers at the University of Provence .
They say that the frequency of the variant corresponds closely with the shifting boundaries of the thousand - year empire .
In countries inside the borders of the empire for longer periods , such as Spain , Italy and Greece , the frequency of the CCR5 - delta32 gene , which offers some protection against HIV , is between 0 % and 6 % .
Countries at the fringe of the empire , such as Germany , and modern England , the rate is between 8 % and 11.8 % , while in countries never conquered by Rome , the rate is greater than this .
However , the researchers do not believe that the genetic difference is due to Roman soldiers or officials breeding within the local population - history suggests this was not particularly widespread , and that invading and occupying armies could have been drawn not just from Italy but from other parts of the empire .
Instead , they say that the Romans may have introduced an unknown disease to which people with the CCR5 - Delta 32 variant were particularly susceptible .
Disease protection
However , some researchers believe that infections may have played a role - but in reverse - increasing rather than decreasing the frequency of the variant .
Researchers at the University of Liverpool suggested that the variant may have offered protection against pandemics such as the Black Death which swept Europe on a regular basis during and after the Roman era .
These , said the Liverpool researchers , were illnesses which may have been lethal to people without the gene variant , raising its frequency from one in 20,000 people to approximately 10 % in Northern Europe .
Dr Susan Scott , one of the researchers , said that the idea of Roman occupation being the driving force behind this was another theory to be considered .
" We just do n't know .
This is just another piece of the jigsaw , but we 're waiting for the big piece of evidence which will solve this . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
LED Hard Drive Clock 3.5 "
( Click on any thumbnail for a larger version ) or go back to Ian .
Org's Homepage
An Idea ... ... in March 2008
After seeing the hard drive clock at Alan Parekhs Electronic Projects I just had to make my own .
I have plenty of old hard drives , microcontrollers and a programmer so it was easy to get started .
All the drive needs to do is be able to spin , so this is a perfect project for drives that have read / write errors or have otherwise failed .
Special thanks to the PICList guys for suggesting the PICkit 2 as a replacement for my old , unsupported programmer and other technical questions I had .
The mailing list is a great resource for anyone wanting to get into the world of microcontrollers .
The clock works by removing the top of the hard drive and cutting a slot into the platter .
Then lights are mounted underneath and flashed as it spins .
By timing it right you can create the illusion of clock hands , color bars or other designs .
What really decided me on building this was coming across this LED strip from Super Bright LEDs .
An 18 " strip with 30 tri-color LEDs for $ 20 was just too good for me to pass up .
It runs on 12v which was perfect since the hard drive needs both 5v and a 12 v supply , so it hooked up nicely .
When I make the next version I will replace the reistors with lower values so I can run it off 5v and reduce the number of wires by a few .
It comes with a self adhesive strip on the back , so putting it on was easy too .
I wish I had a whole roll of this stuff , very fun to play with .
This meant I did not have to drill holes in the sides of the case , and could do the wiring internally .
Theory
I have quite a few magnets lying around so my first thought was I could eliminate 2 of the three platters by using a magnet on the top platter and a magnetic sensor to detect it .
The one disadvantage to this method is I now have to cover the entire bottom of the drive case in white instead of just one strip of white tape .
If everything is flat it works well .
If things stick up at weird angles you get shadows .
My second change was using a led strip I came across while browsing .
This upped the colors to three , and means I have 7 to work with my mixing them together .
I had hoped to have a much brighter image but the LED 's focus is straight out , not angled down like it should be .
A cone shaped white surface to project them onto would be a big improvement .
The clock works because the human eye does not see frequencies above 60 or so as blinking , but as a solid color .
This is how we see a TV picture as a full image and not a series of lines being drawn across it .
At 5400 RPM this drive spins just over 90 times a second , plenty fast enough to fool the eye into thinking it sees solid hands and not a spinning bar of light .
And the last change is using a 3.5 inch drive .
I simply do n't have a bigger one , and I wanted something somewhat quiet as well .
Eventually I hope to cover the top with plexiglass and have a quieter clock once it is all sealed up .
The code I wrote myself , as I wanted to be able to add new types of displays and patterns to it .
It does not assume the drive spins at a fixed rate , but times each revolution and calculates the delays needed to flash the display correctly .
I use a timer interupt to decide when to turn on or off the LEDs .
I had used a loop comparing the timer value and it worked , sort of .
Every few seconds it would glitch and the hands would quiver annoyingly .
I was never sure what caused it , but switching to timer based interupts made it rock solid .
It 's fun to slow the disk down with a finger and watch it still maintain the image until the disk goes too slow for the 16 bit timer to handle and starts overflowing .
Bookmark on Delicious
Construction
I cut a slit into the platter with a dremmel and glued a magnet to what will be the underside of the drive .
This will trigger a Hall - Effect magnetic switch that lets the PIC know the disk has made a rotation .
This is used both to align the clock hands and time the rotation so it knows when to flash for the hands .
Here is the Hall - Effect sensor .
I stuck it in the end of a hand cable with a convienent connector , bent it up at a 90 degree angle and glued it in place .
If it is not secured well it can vibrate and make the clock hands jitter and shift .
I used a DN6852N from Digi - Key but any Hall - Effect Switch will work .
I used a flexable LED strip that is taped to the inside rim of the platter .
There is just enough clearance for the very thin strip to fit in the space between the platter and the rim of the case , and the LEDs themselves are below the platter so they do not get in the way .
The strip I used runs on 12v with one wire for common and the other three to control the red , green and blue led 's in each package .
You can see the seperate LEDs in each white case as the three dots in a triangle .
I also put some white paper underneath for the LEDs to shine on .
White paint would work better .
The strip is self adhesive and sticks well .
Once assembled and tested I mounted it all in a 5 - 1/ 4 external drive case with the USB interface removed , leaving just the power supply .
At some point I plan to make a small circuit board and try and fit all the electronics inside the drive itself .
There is JUST enough room .
I added a LCD first to print some debugging information when I was troubleshooting my code and the hardware , and later as an interface used by the three buttons to set the time and change various display paramaters .
Much more fun to hit buttons than to recompile and re-flash the chip every time I wanted to make it do something else .
You can see it showing the RPM of the drive , 5419 .
And they said it was a 5400 RPM drive , liars ! :-)
The circuit is fairly simple .
One pin on the PIC18F252 is used as an input to watch for the platter rotation , and three output pins are used to turn on and off the LEDs .
Since there are so many LEDs in the strip and it also runs on 12 v , I use a ULN2003A darlington transistor array to supply the current .
The bottom three connections on this chip are the TTL inputs , the top left three are the outputs and the rightmost pin is the +12 v supply current for the LEDs .
A serial LCD header and a few buttons to select display modes and options complete the hardware .
Sadly the drive shown is a replacement for my dirst drive which shorted out due to some metal sneaking in under the drive while it was on .
The current drive is not well suited , and I had to raise the hard drive motor and elivate the disk above the spindle to make room .
But it works until I can find a new drive .
Below are two shots of the project , one while I was still working on getting it up and running , and the second aftter cleaning up the design .
Nothing is worse than dozens of little wires running all over your desk just WAITING to short out , come unclipped or get snagged by your < censored > cat .
The third is the ' finished ' product .
I switched from the 16F88 to the 18F252 for the speed and additional timers the bigger part offers .
Success !
So what does it look like ?
Here is video from my YouTube page of the drive in action .
Pictures
Click on a thumbnail to view the full sized image ...
Links and References
Alan Parekhs Hard Drive Clock -
This is the first POV hard drive clock .
It 's what got me interested in making one myself .
What a great idea .
Clock by Jason Amsel and Konstantin Klitenik -
A pair of students made this one using a 3.5 " drive and RGB LEDs , and a nice big touchscreen !
Everything is better with a touchscreen .
A German Clock -
This is a very cool mechanical design and is also a clock you could actually have on your desk .
You can translate it to english if you can't read german .
I am also building a 2.5 " Hard Drive Clock from a laptop drive with good progress so far .
Updates ...
A New Hope !
- I found a new drive with a better interior and moved the electronics to it .
I also had a small circuit board made by BatchPCB that will fit inside the drive .
It all works , but I still have to do some final work to get the wiring under control , secure the board to the drive , make a clear cover for the drive and run some wires for power and switches .
A Well - Balanced Project
- I finally did some work to quiet this thing down .
First I balanced the disk with the help of an accelerometer and oscilliscope to measure the vibration and added and subtracted balance weighting on the drive until it ran smooth .
Then I built a plexiglass enclosure .
I need to re-wire it with smaller wires so I can fit all the electronics inside .
It 's louder than the average hard drive , but not by much !
And that is far better than the ear splitting noise it produced before .
Once I do n't need to run wires ouside the case it will be a bit quieter as well , as noise escapes from the gap currently .
But I am quite happy with the results .
Re-Wired and Slimmed
- I still need to find some nice , tiny connectors to make it easier to swap stuff around , but it now all fits inside the case at last .
It 's nice to see it the way I first envisioned it without all the wires and proto - boards and components sticking out all over the place !
I also thinned it out in the last three photos .
Reversing the platter so the magnet was on top let me lower the disk , and supergluing counterweights let me remove the screws in the spindle which stuck up high .
So the top is now just one rectangle of acrylic and a strip of vinyl underneath .
It makes it easier to see how it all works too , with the magnet visible on the top of the disk .
A bit more reworking and I now have all the connectors re-wired to the pins on the side of the drive .
I just used a sharp edge to scrape away the traces to disconnect the pins from the driver board and ran the small wire wrap wire through a convienent hole .
Now I can run it with the top closed and still reprogram it , press buttons and hook up the LCD .
I also got rid of the counterweights on the disk and put them in the spindle itself , which has holes just for that purpose .
You know that 17 year old kid who thinks Obama is Muslim and Europe is a country and any girl that does n't sleep with him is a slut ?
I found someone dumber than him .
Was n't hard , either .
asks ,
Is Google Making Us Stupid ?
Just asking : could the real culprit beNicholas Carr says Google is , because along with the massiveness of the available information comes an avoidance -- or simply lack of time -- for contemplation and concentration .
Or , to borrow a metaphor ( I can't remember who said it ) such knowledge is a " mile wide and an inch deep . "
Oh , Artemus Ward said it about the Platte River .
Thanks Google , I feel smarter .
Carr also finds he is less able to read deeply , to concentrate ; and he can't read novels anymore .
It 's changed not just what he knows , but how he thinks .
He thinks in internet - style .
I 'll generalize : it has changed how most people think .
The effect on medicine is noted by Carr , and by me : doctors almost never read an entire article , and rarely even abstracts .
Title , keywords , or title / keywords of shorter summaries written by someone else .
Inappears Electronic Publication and the Narrowing of Science and Scholarship , in which a now not surprising finding is revealed : the more articles are available online , the less they are read .
It also shifts the age of the cited articles up to the past ten months .
Recent reviews get read ; original studies do n't , even to verify the claims .
Anything in science that 's not " hot " now wo n't even get read .
It 's groupthink reinforced by a research diameter of 2 years .
Electronic subscriptions means even less awareness of the contents .
At least when you got the print journal , you flipped through it .
If you want to know why doctors seem always to be hashing the same ground , it 's because they are .
As I 've noted elsewhere , there are two important effects : 1 .
As Socrates said , people become " filled with the conceit of wisdom instead of real wisdom " ( e.g. Artemus Ward ? ) 2. you really only know what someone else wants you to know But there 's an another effect , and it has to do with the medium .
Nicholas Carr writes that Nietzsche ( title of this blog , BTW ) stopped writing because of eyestrain -- until he bought a typewriter and learned to touch type with his eyes closed .
His style changed ; his already tight prose got tighter .
Nietzsche himself noted it , and quickly gave up on it ; and , according to Carr , a later scholar observed that the writing " changed from arguments to aphorisms , from thoughts to puns , from rhetoric to telegram style .
" Anyone who writes for a living understands this ; Neal Stephenson ( ) writes with a fountain pen ; I can only write on a computer .
But -- and you should try this -- using any other medium makes one think differently .
I have used this technique to generate new ideas ; my post on The Wrong Lessons of Iraq and the other on We Are All Mercantilists
Now were both generated on my Blackberry .
It felt immediate , important , urgent , political .
I could never have written the Wanted humor piece that way .
I could n't have even conceived it .
It was part me , part Movable Type .
So the internet allows the delusion that you know things that you really do n't ; the mistake that the thoughts you do have are your own , and not someone else 's ; and then changes the way you think , reinforcing this style of thinking .
Enter Mark Bauerlein'sBottom line : kids today have ( access to ) lots of information , but no wisdom .
And , rather than the internet bringing diverse people together , it seems to foster tribes of the like - minded , who never closely examine anything different ( ly ) .
We do n't know much , and we stick to those who who are like us , who provide our much needed affirmation .
If that 's not a recipe for narcissism , I do n't know what is .
Sounds much like the book by former assistant secretary of education Charles Finn , with Diane Ravitch , You can guess the answer .
8000 seventeen year olds : half thought he bookis about the end of the human race in a nuclear war ; 35 % did n't know Watergate was after 1950 .
30 % did n't know Aesop wrote fables .
They thought Jim Crow laws were good for blacks .
Etc. Except it is n't all their fault .
Kids are only as dumb as they 're allowed to be .
Here 's an example : introductory " survey " courses in state colleges are universally accepted to be a joke .
But why not simply change that ?
You cankeep the grade inflation and " everyone passes " ideology ; but why not just have a professor who cares with rigorous content ?
Well , because he does n't care , and the school does n't care .
They have other things to worry about then oversexed freshmen .
So how can you blame students for not knowing anything ?
The college does not even allow them an opportunity for knowledge that they could lazily opt out of .
The system offersno knowledge .
" Kids today " may be the Dumbest Generation , but the parents and teachers of the Dumbest Generation are themselves so dumb they not only do n't know the information themselves , they do n't even know what knowledgethat is important to pass on . : the above bookwas written in 1987 .
Those dumb 17 year olds are 40 now .
Say what you want about the " elitist " conclusions ofbut it was also written in 1987 , about 1987 college kids -- who are now adults .
The adults are dumb , all right ; but they do n't know it .
They have a unsettling feeling thatis lacking .
The general narcissism and insecurity of parents today -- even / especially the " good " parents , is visible in their parenting .
At a birthday party , the kids are running Lord of The Flies while their parents completely ignore them , socializing ; meanwhile , they hover over them at the store , at the playground -- " no bicycle without a helmet . "
They secretly read their kid's email and Facebook accounts , but have never once read the kid 's math book .
" Oh , ha ha , I do n't remember all that math ! "
Idiot , could you at leastit 's important ?
If you do your kid's math homework with them every night , I swear to you that you wo n't need to worry about Facebook .
I will concede that monitoring their Facebook is easier .
Manyparents and teachers I know fall back on empty words -- " classical education " or " the use of primary texts " but they do n't know what those terms mean .
They nod respectfully at Aeschylus , but they do n't have the first clue whether he fought for the Greeks or the Trojans .
You think these parents and teachers are going to know to tell the kids to read Werner Jaeger ?
They 're not .
They 're going to buy them a Leapster .
Simply put : adults today do n't know what 's important to know .
So they make things up to care about .
No one won the culture wars ; we forgot who the enemy was .
In 1987 , when Allan Bloom or William Ayers argued for or against a " classical " education , they were arguing its importance , not the definition .
Now ?
That 's why there is so much noise about school vouchers for private schools -- it 's a proxy for the culture war without having to know exactly what you 're fighting for .
There is a vague feeling that private schools are " better , " that the surrounding students are " better , " that it is more " rigorous , " without really knowing what they are pushing towards or away from .
It is also evident that it is a fall back ; it makes up for their own shortcomings .
Secretly : " Hopefully a good school will teach them better than I can . "
Well , you'd be right on that point , anyway .
I 'm not advocating a " return to the classics " ( I 'm not not advocating it either ) , but I am observing that the Dumbest Generation of Narcissists In The History of The World is not even remotely conscious of their ignorance or their narcissism , and the technology lets them get away with it -- they actually think they think they know , they actually believe they havewhat they think is important .
And they are now parents and teachers and doctors and leaders .
As far as I can tell , this simultaneous conjunction of ignoranceunconsciousness has never happened before in history .
I have every hope and faith in the youth of today , because otherwise we are doomed .
" Do n't trust anyone over 30 " turns out , after all , to be very sound advice .----------
The new findings have implications for our understanding of Stonehenge New findings at Stonehenge suggest its stones were erected much earlier than thought , challenging the site 's conventional history .
A new excavation puts the stones ' arrival at 3000 BC - almost 500 years earlier than originally thought - and suggests it was mainly a burial site .
The latest results are from a dig by the Stonehenge Riverside Project .
It is in conflict with recent research dating construction to 2300 BC and suggesting it was a healing centre .
The 2300 BC date was arrived at by carbon dating and was the major finding from an excavation inside the henge by professors Tim Darvill and Geoff Wainwright .
That dig was the subject of a BBC Timewatch documentary .
The latest theories , putting construction much earlier , result from an excavation at Aubrey Hole 7 - one of a circle of pits surrounding the stones - in August 2008 .
The researchers believe the pit probably held a standing stone .
The team suggests the 2300 BC date relates to the time when the stones were moved from the outer pits to the centre of the site .
The dig was directed by archaeologists Mike Parker - Pearson , Mike Pitts and Julian Richards for the Stonehenge Riverside Project .
The Aubrey Hole has already been excavated twice .
The first time , when discovered in 1920 , and again in 1935 .
' Very exciting ' Mike Parker - Pearson , professor of archaeology at Sheffield University , revived an earlier theory that the holes had held bluestones as the evidence of crushed and compacted chalk had been recorded in 1920 in three of the pits .
Professor Parker - Pearson said : " It 's very exciting that we have evidence for stones right from its beginnings around 3000 BC .
" That 's almost 500 years earlier than anyone had thought .
" These stones were very closely associated with the remains of the dead .
There were cremation burials from inside the holes holding the stones and also the areas around them . "
The archaeologists suggest that very early in Stonehenge 's history there were 56 Welsh bluestones standing in a ring - 87 m ( 285 ft ) across .
The Stonehenge Riverside Project has been responsible for major excavation within the Stonehenge world heritage site over the past five years .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Alicia Granstedt , a Las Vegas - based hair stylist who works for private clients and on movie sets , never worried about conducting most of her business through email .
Ms. Granstedt regularly receives emails from customers containing payment details , such as credit - card numbers and bank - account transfers .
Since she travels frequently , she often stores the emails on her iPhone .
But ...
If Sarah Palin becomes vice president , she will presumably have meetings with people who are scarier than Michael Cooper , the Times reporter who seems to have the misfortune of covering her today .
I know Michael Cooper ; he 's a good reporter , but not very mean at all .
So why would the McCain campaign want to keep him -- and other print reporters -- from watching Sarah Palin shake hands with Hamid Karzai , who is also , by the way , a very nice person ?
What will happen , God forbid , if Sarah Palin is forced into a position where she will have to meet someone who is not so nice ?
Such as , say , the prime minister of Spain ?
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
My sister accidentally left her phone in a McDonald ’s in LA the other weekend .
When she went back , someone had taken it and not given it to the lost and found .
When she called her number they would answer and then immediately hang up .
So she called Verizon and reported it as stolen .
Soon after a woman name Sheila called my mom and said she found my sister ’s phone out side a Food For Less store in Santa Clarita .
My mom asked if she would mind mailing the phone back down to us so that she could avoid making a 140 mile round trip to pick it up .
Sheila balked ( it was way too much trouble for her ) and so my mom offered to mail a self addressed , stamped shipping envelope to her .
She grudgingly decided that would be OK .
Today they got the phone in the mail ( yay ! ) along with a folded up note .
Here ’s what it said :
Oh yes , Sheila , I think we do .
Obama - mania spreads to France as a row breaks out over publication of his private prayer
An Israeli newspaper is under fire after publishing a private prayer which Barack Obama left at Judaism 's holiest site .
The row broke out as the U.S. Presidential candidate visited France as part of his whistlestop tour .
Obama had tucked his prayer into the cracks of the Western Wall early yesterday morning .
' Lord - Protect my family and me , ' read the note , published in the newspaper Maariv today .
' Forgive me my sins , and help me guard against pride and despair .
Give me the wisdom to do what is right and just .
And make me an instrument of your will .'
' Protect my family ' : the prayer left by Barack Obama
Many visitors to the 2,000 - year - old Western Wall leave notes bearing requests and prayers .
But the rabbi in charge of the Western Wall , Shmuel Rabinovitz , said publishing the note intruded into Obama 's relationship with God .
' The notes placed between the stones of the Western Wall are between a person and his maker .
It is forbidden to read them or make any use of them , ' he said .
The publication ' damages the Western Wall and damages the personal , deep part of every one of us that we keep to ourselves , ' he added .
The handwriting appeared to match a message Obama had left in the guest book at Yad Vashem , Israel 's official Holocaust memorial , and was written on stationery from the King David Hotel , where Obama stayed while in Israel .
Old friends : France 's President Nicolas Sarkozy welcomes Barack Obama at the Elysee Palace in Paris
Ignoring the row tonight Obama instead spoke out about Iran , at a joint press conference with French President Nicolas Sarkozy .
Speaking with reporters Obama said Iran should accept European Union proposals made by Sarkozy and other Western leaders to freeze its uranium enrichment program .
He urged Iran 's leaders not to wait for the next U.S. president to pressure them ' because the pressure , I think , is only going to build . '
The United States and other Western nations accuse Iran of seeking to acquire nuclear weapons .
Iran says its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes .
Sarkozy , a conservative , had rushed back from a summit in southwestern France to meet Obama .
And instead of a rousing speech before thousands of fans at a historic site , the Democratic candidate stopped just long enough to chat with the French president .
One newspaper claimed that Obama would rather keep quiet about his very solid popularity with the French .
After Berlin , where Obama drew some 200,000 enthusiastic spectators for a speech last night , the conservative newspaper Le Figaro wrote that Obama was not looking to draw crowds in Paris ' because he knows his huge popularity in our country could ill - serve him with a part of the American centrist electorate ' .
That was a reference to the negative image France had for years among some Americans because of Paris ' vocal opposition to the invasion of Iraq .
Long and short of it : Mr Sarkozy and Mr Obama return inside the palace after greeting the media
Although Sarkozy and Obama are technically on different sides of the political fence , the French leader seems to have a softspot for the U.S. senator .
' Obama ?
He 's my buddy , ' Le Figaro quoted the president as saying before Obama 's arrival .
' I am the only Frenchman who knows him . '
Sarkozy , elected in 2007 , first met Obama in 2006 in Washington while a candidate for the French presidency .
He offered considerably less to Obama 's Republican rival , John McCain , during a March visit to Paris .
After 45 minutes of talks , McCain was left on his own , fielding questions from reporters in the courtyard of the Elysee .
Obama clearly chalked up a success in Germany , where not only the crowd and the press but Chancellor Angela Merkel gave him good marks .
' From the point of view of the chancellor and the government , the speech ( Thursday ) is a positive signal for Europe and to Europe , ' Merkel spokesman Ulrich Wilhelm told reporters in Berlin .
Wilhelm said Obama 's priorities matched those of Germany .
' A common resolution of international conflicts , a common fight against climate change , a clear initiative on the question of disarmament , dealing with the challenges of international terrorism - all these questions can no longer be resolved by one country alone , but only in close international cooperation , ' Wilhelm said .
After his brief trip to Paris , Obama travels to London , the last stop of a tour of the Middle East and Europe designed to reassure voters in the United States about Obama 's ability to lead the country and make his way with aplomb through world diplomacy .
Relaxed : Barack Obama talks with President Sarkozy before this afternoon 's press conference
French supporters of Obama were excited about the visit .
' He is young , not from the establishment .
It 's a change of U.S. politics , of the U.S. image in the world , ' said Samuel Solvit , the 22 - year - old head of a Paris - based Obama committee .
The visit comes a little under 24 hours after his historic speech in Berlin .
In the end Barack Obama had no need to break into German to leave the 200,000 crowd roaring with delight .
The man the German media has dubbed the ' Black JFK ' stuck to English - but his welcome in Berlin last night stood comparison with the rapturous reception given to John F. Kennedy 's famous 1963 ' Ich bin ein Berliner ' address at the height of the Cold War .
Mr Obama opened his speech at the Victory Column in the capital 's Tiergarten park with the words : ' I come to Berlin as so many of my countrymen have come before , although tonight I speak to you not as a candidate for president of the United States , but as a proud citizen of the United States and a proud citizen of the world . '
German triumph : Barack Obama stakes his claim to be the new JKF as 250,00 delirious Berliners greet him like a rock star
High hopes : Democratic presidential candidate Senator Barack Obama waves after speaking at the Victory Column in Berlin
He told the crowd that he knew he did not look much like the Americans who had addressed Berlin before , emphasising his Kenyan roots to the delight of the thousands cheering his every word as ' Obamamania ' took over .
Mr Obama , who arrives in London tomorrow at the end of a week - long overseas tour to boost his foreign policy credentials as the Democrat opponent of Republican John McCain , chose Berlin for the only formal speech of the trip .
He urged Europe to stand by the U.S. in bringing stability to Afghanistan and confronting other threats , from climate change to nuclear proliferation
And he said America had no better partner than Europe .
Mr Obama , who is hugely popular in Germany where polls show President George Bush is loathed , spoke in front of the 230ft column built to celebrate 19th - century Prussian military victories over Denmark , France and Austria
Historic : John F. Kennedy giving his famous speech at the Schoeneberg Town Hall during his visit to Berlin in 1963
Addressing many world issues , Obama said : ' a new generation , our generation , must make our mark on history ' .
He spoke of tearing down walls between countries , between races and between religions - that the ' walls ' between Christians , Muslims and Jews cannot stand .
' Let us build on our common history , and seize our common destiny , and once again engage in that noble struggle to bring justice and peace to our world . '
He also spoke on the Iraq war , saying : ' This is the moment when the world should support the millions of Iraqis who seek to rebuild their lives , even as we pass responsibility to the Iraqi government and finally bring this war to a close . '
Young and old : A boy looks at a photo of Obama during his speech
Crowd control : Obama leaves the stage after his speech last night
He dwelt at length on the historic ties between the U.S. and Germany - touching on the Berlin Airlift 60 years ago and the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 .
He said the fall of the Wall had brought hope but also dangers .
' No one nation , no matter how large or powerful , can defeat such challenges alone , ' he said .
America and Europe had grown apart , he said , but it was vital they stood together on such issues , particularly Afghanistan .
' No one welcomes war .
I recognise the enormous difficulties in Afghanistan , ' Mr Obama said .
' But my country and yours have a stake in seeing that NATO 's first mission beyond Europe 's borders is a success .
For the people of Afghanistan , and for our shared security , the work must be done .
America cannot do this alone .'
He acknowledged the differences between Europe and the U.S .
' No doubt , there will be differences in the future .
But the burdens of global citizenship continue to bind us together .
A change of leadership in Washington will not lift this burden .
In this new century , Americans and Europeans alike will be required to do more - not less .
Hands up for Obama :
The Democrat presidential candidate greets members of the audience
' Partnership and cooperation among nations is not a choice ; it is the one way , the only way , to protect our common security and advance our common humanity .
' That is why the greatest danger of all is to allow new walls to divide us from one another . '
Mr Obama this morning said he hopes his visit to Europe and the Middle East will show U.S. voters that he is a safe pair of hands , the Democrat said in an interview on Friday .
' What this trip has done is allowed me to talk about some of the critical issues we face , ' Obama said in an interview broadcast on CNBC television on Friday .
' It has also allowed me to send a message to the American people that the judgments I have made and the judgments I will make are ones that are going to result in them being safer , ' he added .
Big in Berlin : Obama was greted like a rock star by his German audience
Mr Obama is trying to allay concerns among U.S. voters and address accusations from his Republican challenger John McCain that Obama , 46 , a first - term senator from Illinois , lacks the experience in foreign affairs necessary to run the country .
Vietnam war veteran McCain is making national security a central focus of his campaign .
' I have firmly believed since the beginning of this campaign and the last several years that we can't solve the problems we face in the United States alone , " Obama told CNBC .
' We 're going to be more effective if we 've got an international coalition , ' he said .
Echoing the message he gave in his speech on Thursday , Obama named Afghanistan , Iran , climate change and energy policy as areas in which the United States and Europe should work closely together .
Obama , who got a rock - star 's reception in the German capital , goes on to Paris later on Friday .
In the last week , he has visited Afghanistan , Iraq and Israel .
We ’ve had some pretty smart presidents .
James Garfield devised this proof of the Pythagorean theorem in 1876 , while serving in the House of Representatives :
The area of the trapezoid above is
The area of each green triangle is
And the yellow triangle is
So :
The Good , the Bad and the Ugly 10/21/2008
Tony Romo lip - synced to Jessica 's songs at her concert - Amore Magazine
Nick Hogan released from jail - Anything Hollywood
Paris Hilton moving to London - Celeb Warship
Best Photoshop celeb of the day - Celebrity Dirty Laundry
Check out who made the 49 Most Influential Men of 2008 - Daily Stab
Gillian Anderson welcomes another baby boy - Dirty Dirt Dirt
David Banda 's dad thinks he should return to Malawi - Gabby Babble
Mary - Kate
Olsen lets it fly after car crash - Geno's World
Gisele Bundchen and Tom Brady ready to walk down the aisle - Hollywood Backwash
Zac Efron turns the BIG 21 - Hollywood Crap
Lindsay Lohan and Chace Crawford - Where 's Sam ? - Hot Momma Gossip
Tara Reid needs a little tush work - HQ Celebrity
Chevy Chase weighs in on Sarah Palin - Pop on the Pop
Derek Jeter and Minka Kelly together again - Stupid Celebrities
Miranda Kerr 's HOT photo shoot - The Rad Report
Photo : WENN
With the past years rise of web 2.0 , javascript frameworks have developed and made it easy for the average webmaster to make his site more dynamic .
One of those frameworks , jQuery , has become extremely popular due to its ease of use and its incredibly light weight .
Following are ten jQuery scripts to improve your site ’s interface .
Thickbox
Focus on some content , image or webform , through a modal window .
When to use it ?
When do n’t want your user to leave the page and give him more informations , show a bigger version of an image , ask him informations in a form or display a login box .
Script , demo and documentation
WordPress plugin
Tabulations
Create tabbed views of content .
When to use it ?
When you want to save screen space , but still give quick access to the hidden information .
It ’s often used in widgets in WordPress premium themes .
Script , demo and documentation
Coda slider
Create a slider like the one you can see on Coda ’s website .
When to use it ?
Just like in Coda ’s case , this slider script is great to introduce a product or a service by sections .
The user gets a quick overview with intuitive navigation .
Script , demo and documentation
WP Coda : A great WordPress theme that allows you to easily create a Coda - like website with WordPress .
Galleria
Galleria is a javascript image gallery written in jQuery .
It loads the images one by one from an unordered list and displays thumbnails when each image is loaded .
When to use it ?
To show a set of pictures of an event , or to display images of a product .
Script , demo and documentation
jTip
Tooltip solution based on jQuery , flexible and customizable .
When to use it ?
This script is great to give in - context information or help to user , works well in webforms to make sure that users will fill it the right way .
Be careful of not overusing tooltips as they can quickly become annoying if useless .
Script , demo and documentation
WordPress plugin ( not jQuery )
Stylesheet switcher
Allow your website visitors to switch styles with a single click .
When to use it ?
When you want to let your user chose a different font size , let them chose a different stylesheet for a mobile phone or printing , let them chose a more contrasted version of the colours .
Stylesheet switcher can be of real help to improve the accessibility of your site .
Script , demo and documentation
WordPress style switcher plugin
j Query Accordion menu
Create a dynamic accordion menu with jQuery .
When to use it ?
Script , demo and documentation
Accordion wordpress plugin
Slider Gallery
Create a sliding gallery with your images / products .
When to use it ?
When you want the benefits of a normal sidebar menu , but do not have the space to list all options .
When you only have two levels to show in the main navigation .
Script , demo and documentation
Form Validation
Validate your forms with this jQuery plugin to avoid receiving badly filled forms .
When to use it ?
In almost any form , it helps your less tech - saavy users to understand what they ’ve done wrong by highlighting their mistakes .
Script , demo and documentation
jGrowl
Insert unobtrusive messages in your browser , just like Growl does in Mac OSX .
When to use it ?
If you call your user to action but do n’t want him to leave the page , this can be a good way to confirm that his action has been registered .
It can be for an e-commerce site when a user adds something to his cart as well as for confirming a message having been sent .
Script , demo and documentation
Posted on September 16 , 2008 in Uncategorized
“ You know , ” said McCain , “ there ’s been tremendous turmoil in our financial markets and Wall Street and it is — people are frightened by these events .
Our economy , I think , still the fundamentals of our economy are strong .
But these are very , very difficult time .
And I promise you , we will never put America in this position again .
We will clean up Wall Street .
We will reform government . ”
Enjoy what you read ?
Subscribe to Prose Before
Hos via email or via RSS feed .
See Also : Obama Ad Plays on McCain ’s ‘ Fundamentals ’ Comment , Not Landing The Punch , The truth about taxes , Now McCain Is Lying about the Meaning of the Statement , ‘ the Fundamentals of Our Economy Are Strong ’ , Bad Monday On Wall Street , Trifecta of tough new Obama ads , Krugman on Countdown : The Fundamentals are Strong ? , Obama Mocks McCain ’s Computer Skills , Shadow Market , and McCain Talks About The “ Fundamentals ” .
[ tags ] John McCain , economy , fundamentals of economy , American economy , banks , bankruptcy , Lehman Brothers , Merrill Lynch , Bank of America , corruption , Wall Street , Bear Sterns , investment banks [ / tags ]
The Problem
public class Hello {
public static void main ( String [ ] args ) {
java.util .
List list = new java.util.ArrayList ( ) ;
for ( int i = 0 ; i < 5 ; i++ ) {
String newString = args [ 0 ] + i ;
list.add(newString ) ;
}
System .out.println( list ) ;
}
}
public static void main ( java.lang .
String [ ] ) ;
Code :
0 : new # 2 ; //class java/util/ArrayList
3 : dup
4 : invokespecial # 3 ; //Method java/util/ArrayList . " < init > " : () V
7 : astore_1
8 : iconst_0
9 : istore_2
10 : iload_2
11 : iconst_5
12 : if_icmpge 50
15 : new # 4 ; //class java/lang/StringBuilder
18 : dup
19 : invokespecial # 5 ; //Method java/lang/StringBuilder . " < init > " :() V
22 : aload_0
23 : iconst_0
24 : aaload
25 : invokevirtual # 6 ; //Method java/lang/StringBuilder .append :( L java / lang / String ;) Ljava / lang / StringBuilder ;
28 : iload_2
29 : invokevirtual # 7 ; //Method java/lang/StringBuilder .append :( I ) L java / lang / StringBuilder ;
32 : invokevirtual # 8 ; //Method java/lang/StringBuilder .toString :( ) L java / lang / String ;
35 : astore_3
36 : aload_1
37 : aload_3
38 : invokeinterface # 9 , 2 ; //InterfaceMethod java / util / List .add :( L java / lang / Object ;) Z
43 : pop
44 : iinc 2 , 1
47 : goto 10
50 : getstatic # 10 ; // Field java / lang / System .out : L java / io/ PrintStream ;
53 : aload_1
54 : invokevirtual # 11 ; //Method java/io/PrintStream . println : ( L java / lang / Object ;) V
57 : return
The " load " and " store " instructions are all local variable accesses .
" load " retrieves a local variable and pushes it on the stack .
" store " pops a value off the stack and stores it in a local variable .
The prefix indicates whether the value is an object or " reference " type ( denoted by " a " ) or one of the primitive types ( denoted by " i " for integer , " f " for float , and so on ) .
The standard load and store operations take an argument ( embedded along with the operation into the bytecode ) to indicate which indexed local variable to work with , but there are specialized bytecodes ( denoted by a suffixed underscore and digit ) for a " compressed " representation of heavily - used low - index variables .
The " invoke " bytecodes are what you might expect : method invocations .
Method invocations consume zero or more arguments from the stack and in some cases a receiver object as well .
" virtual " refers to a normal call to a non-interface method on an object receiver .
" interface " refers to an interface invocation on an object receiver .
" static " refers to a static invocation , or one that does not require an object to call against .
The " strange quark " of the bunch is " invokespecial " , which is used for calling constructors and superclass implementations of methods .
You 'll notice a couple invokespecials above paired with " new " operations ; " new " instantiates the object and " invokespecial " initializes it .
The " const " instructions are what you might guess : they push a constant on the stack .
Again , the prefix and suffix denote type and " compressed " opcodes for specific values , respectively .
" aaload " and all " * aload " operations are retrievals out of an array .
As with local variables , the first letter indicates the type of the array .
Here , the " aaload " is our retrieval of args [ 0 ] .
" iinc " is an integer increment operation .
The arguments are the index of the local variable and how much to increment it by ( usually 1 ) .
" if_icmpge " performs a conditional jump after testing whether the second - topmost int on the stack ( indicated by the " i " in " icmpge " ) is greater than or equal to the topmost int on the stack ( the >= relationship represented by the " ge " in " icmpge " ) .
This is our " for " loop test i < 5 reversed to act as a loop exit condition rather than a loop continue condition .
The looping itself is provided by the " goto " operation further down ( yes , the JVM has goto ... it's just Java that does n't have goto ) .
Finally , we see the " return " instruction , which represents the void return from main .
If it were a return of a specific value or object type , it would be preceded by the appropriate type character .
The Greatest Trick
Know Thyself
similar
verification
every
Build a Better Mousetrap ?
public org.jruby.runtime.builtin.IRubyObject call(org.jruby.runtime.ThreadContext , org.jruby.runtime.builtin.IRubyObject ,
org.jruby.RubyModule , java.lang.String , org.jruby.runtime.builtin.IRubyObject ) ;
Code :
0 : aload_2
1 : checkcast # 13 ; //class org/jruby/RubyString
4 : aload_1
5 : aload 5
7 : invokevirtual # 17 ; //Method org/jruby/RubyString.split:( Lorg/jruby/runtime/ThreadContext ;
Lorg / jruby / runtime / builtin/IRubyObject ;) Lorg / jruby / RubyArray ;
10 : areturn
public org.jruby.runtime.builtin.IRubyObject call(org.jruby.runtime.ThreadContext , org.jruby.runtime.builtin.IRubyObject ,
org.jruby.RubyModule , java.lang.String , org.jruby.runtime.builtin.IRubyObject ) ;
Code :
0 : aload_2
1 : checkcast # 13 ; //class org/jruby/RubyString
4 : aload_1
5 : aload 5
7 : invokevirtual # 17 ; //Method org/jruby/RubyString.slice_bang:( Lorg/jruby/runtime/ThreadContext ;
Lorg / jruby / runtime / builtin/IRubyObject ;) Lorg / jruby / runtime / builtin/IRubyObject ;
10 : areturn
one thing
Hitting the Wall
Little Billy developer wanted to freely generate bytecode .
He 'd come to recognize the power of code generation , and knew his language implementation was dynamic enough that compiling once would not be optimal .
He also knew his language needed to do dynamic invocation on top of a statically - typed language , and needed lots of little invokers .
So one day , Billy 's happily playing in the sandbox , building invokers and making " vroom , vroom " sounds , when along comes mean old Polly Permgen .
" Get out of my sandbox , Billy , " cried Polly , " you 're taking up too much space , and this is * my * heap ! "
" Oh , but Polly , " said Billy , rising to his feet .
" I 'm having ever so much fun , and there 's lots of room to play on that heap over there .
It 's oh so large , and there 's plenty of open space , " he desperately replied .
" But I told you ... this is MY heap .
I do n't want to play over there , because I like playing * right here * . "
She threw her exceptions at Billy , smashing his invokers to dust .
Satisfied by the look of horror on Billy 's face , she plopped down right where he had been sitting , and smiled terribly up at him .
Dejected , Billy sulked away and became a Lisp programmer , living forever in a land where data is code and code is data and everyone eats butterscotches and rides unicorns .
He was never seen nor heard from again .
recompiling
Generating many classes with similar bytecode and only minor changes is very inefficient , wasting a lot of precious memory .
Generated bytecode must be contained in a class , which must be contained in a ClassLoader , which keeps a hard reference to the class ; as a result , to make even one byte of bytecode garbage - collectable , it must be wrapped in its own class and its own classloader .
public static class Invoker implements InvokerIfc {
public Object doit ( Integer b ) {
return fake ( new Something ( ) ) . target ( b ) ;
}
}
public static Class rewrite ( Class old ) throws IOException , InvalidConstantPoolFormatException {
HashMap constPatchMap = new HashMap ( ) ;
constPatchMap.put (" fake " , " real " ) ;
ConstantPoolPatch patch = new ConstantPoolPatch ( Invoker.class ) ;
patch.putPatches(constPatchMap , null , null , true ) ;
return new AnonymousClassLoader ( Invoker.class).loadClass( patch ) ;
}
Parametric Explosion
public abstract IRubyObject call ( ThreadContext context , IRubyObject self , RubyModule clazz ,
String name , IRubyObject [ ] args , Block block ) ;
public IRubyObject call ( ThreadContext context , IRubyObject self , RubyModule clazz ,
String name , IRubyObject [ ] args ) ;
public IRubyObject call ( ThreadContext context , IRubyObject self , RubyModule klazz , String name , IRubyObject arg ) ;
public IRubyObject call ( ThreadContext context , IRubyObject self , RubyModule klazz , String name , IRubyObject arg1 , IRubyObject arg2 ) ;
public IRubyObject call ( ThreadContext context , IRubyObject self , RubyModule klazz , String name , IRubyObject arg1 , IRubyObject arg2 , IRubyObject arg3 ) ;
public IRubyObject call ( ThreadContext context , IRubyObject self , RubyModule klazz , String name ) ;
public IRubyObject call ( ThreadContext context , IRubyObject self , RubyModule klazz , String name , Block block ) ;
public IRubyObject call ( ThreadContext context , IRubyObject self , RubyModule klazz , String name , IRubyObject arg , Block block ) ;
public IRubyObject call ( ThreadContext context , IRubyObject self , RubyModule klazz , String name , IRubyObject arg1 , IRubyObject arg2 , Block block ) ;
public IRubyObject call ( ThreadContext context , IRubyObject self , RubyModule klazz , String name , IRubyObject arg1 , IRubyObject arg2 , IRubyObject arg3 , Block block ) ;
composable
public class Happy {
public void happyTime ( String arg ) {}
}
MethodHandle happyTimeHandle = MethodHandles.findVirtual( Happy.class , " happyTime " , void.class , String.class ) ;
adapt
compose
currying
MethodHandle curriedHandle = MethodHandles.insertArgument( happyTimeHandle , new Happy ( ) ) ;
bound
Brief History
public class SimpleExample {
public Object doDynamicCall( Object arg ) {
return arg.myDynamicMethod ( ) ;
}
}
public java.lang.Object doDynamicCall(java.lang.Object ) ;
Code :
0 : aload_1
1 : invokevirtual # 3 ; //Method java/lang/Object.myDynamicMethod :( ) V
4 : areturn
public java.lang.Object doDynamicCall(java.lang.Object ) ;
Code :
0 : aload_1
1 : invokeinterface # 3 ; //Method java/dyn/Dynamic.myDynamicMethod :( ) V
4 : areturn
as if it were a normal static - typed invocation .
public class DynamicInvokerThingy {
public static Object bootstrap ( CallSite site , Object ... args ) {
MethodHandle target = MethodHandles.findStatic (
MyDynamicTarget.class ,
" myDynamicMethod " ,
MethodType.make( Object.class , site.type().parameterArray ( ) ) ) ;
site.setTarget( target ) ;
return MyDynamicTarget.myDynamicMethod( args [ 0 ] ) ;
}
}
public class MyDynamicTarget {
public static Object myDynamicMethod( Object receiver ) { ... }
}
static {
Linkage.registerBootstrapMethod(
SimpleExample.class ,
MethodHandles.findStatic(DynamicInvokerThingy.class , " bootstrap " , Linkage .
BOOTSTRAP_METHOD_TYPE ) ) ;
}
Status
already is
More Information
Update :
Greetings , readers !
Over the past couple weeks I 've had a few departures from typical JRuby development .
I consider it a working vacation .
I 'm hoping to report on all of it soon , but for now we 'll focus on one of the most exciting items : JSR - 292 , otherwise known as " InvokeDynamic " .
I 've reported on invokedynamic previously ( InvokeDynamic : Actually Useful ? ) , and of course the technical bits of John Rose 's blog should be required reading for anyone interested in this stuff .
What I 'm going to try to do today is give you an inside picture of the pieces of InvokeDynamic and how they fit together .
It will be technical , but everyone should be able to follow it .
Ready ?
Any description of a solution must first describe the problem .
As you probably know , Java is a statically - typed language .
That means the types of all variables , method arguments , method return values , and so on must be known before runtime .
In Java 's case , this also means all variable types must be declared explicitly , everywhere .
A variable cannot be untyped , and a method cannot accept untyped parameters nor return an untyped value .
Types are pervasive .
The problem , put simply , is this : Because Java is the primary language on the JVM , almost all language implementations on the JVM are written in Java .
When implementing a statically - typed language , especially one with structure and rules similar to Java , this is not much of a problem .
But when implementing a dynamic language that stubbornly refuses to yield type information until runtime , all this static - typing is a real pain in the neck .
Of course this is pretty much the same situation when implementing a dynamic language on top of C or C++ or C# , since they 're all generally statically - typed languages too .
Or is it ?
An example is in order .
Here we see a short , reasonably simple snippit of Java code .
An ArrayList is constructed , populated with five strings based on the incoming first command - line argument and a numeric iteration count , and then displayed as a string on the console .
The type declarations ( shown in bold ) represent a lot of the visual noise , the " ceremony " that dynamic language fans decry .
From a usability perspective , they 're both a positive and negative influence ; they noise up the code and require more typing , but they also make it trivial to determine the type of a variable ( in most cases ) or build tools that safely restructure your code ( so - called " refactoring " ) .
From a technical perspective , they give the " javac " compiler all the information it needs to produce very clean , optimized bytecode , and they give the JVM itself type information it uses to execute and optimize that bytecode at runtime .
Ahh , but what about the bytecode ?
If we peel the Java layer away , the situation changes a bit .
At the JVM bytecode level , types are still visible , but they 're not nearly as prevalent .
Here 's the same code in bytecode , with the type names again in boldface :
Since not everyone reads JVM bytecode like their native language , a description of these operations is in order .
Java provides what 's called an " operand stack " for bytecode it executes .
The stack is analogous to registers in a " real " CPU , acting as temporary storage for values against which operations ( like math , method calls , and so on ) are to be performed .
So most JVM bytecode spends its time either manipulating that stack by pushing , popping , duping , and swapping values , or executing operations that produce or consume values .
It 's a pretty simple mechanism .
So then , with a general understanding of the operand stack , lets look at the bytecode itself :
Now the astute reader may already have noticed that other than being specified as reference or primitive types , the opcodes themselves have no type information .
Even beyond that , there are no actual variable declarations at the bytecode level whatsoever .
The only types we see come in the form of opcode prefixes ( as in aload , iinc , etc ) and the method signatures against which we execute invoke* operations .
The stack itself is also untyped ; we push a reference type ( aload ) one minute and push a primitive type ( iload ) the next ( though values on the stack do not " lose " their types ) .
And when I tell you that the type signatures shown above for each method invocation or object construction are simply strings stuffed into the class 's pool of constants ... well ... now you may start to realize that Java 's sometimes touted , oft - maligned static - typing ... is just a façade .
Let 's dispense with the formality once and for all .
The biggest lie that 's been spread about the JVM ( ok , maybe the biggest after " it 's slow " ) is that it 's never going to be a good host for dynamic languages .
" But look at Java , " people cry , " it 's so staticky and rigid ; it 's far too difficult to implement a dynamic language on top of that ! "
And in a very naive way , they 're partially correct .
Writing a language implementation in Java and following Java 's rules can certainly make life difficult for a dynamic language implementer .
We end up stripping types ( making everything Object , since we do n't know types until runtime ) , boxing types ( stuffing primitives in carrier objects , to simplify passing them through our Object - only code ) , and boxing array arguments ( since many dynamic languages also have flexible " arities " or numbers of arguments , and others allow optional , " rest " , and other special argument types ) .
With each sacrifice we make , we lose many of the benefits static typing provides us , not to mention confounding the JVM 's efforts to optimize .
But it 's not nearly as bad as it seems .
Because much of the rigid , static nature of Java is in the language itself ( and not the JVM ) we can in many cases ignore the rules .
We do n't have to declare local variable types .
We can juggle items on the stack at will .
We can cheat in clever ways , allowing much of normal code execution to proceed with very little type information .
In many cases we can get that code to run nearly as well as statically - typed code of twice the size , because the JVM is so dynamic already at its core .
JVM bytecode is our assembly , and it's a powerful tool in the right hands .
Unfortunately , on current JVMs , there 's one place we absolutely , positively must follow the rules : method invocation .
Question :
In the bytecode above , all invocations came with a formal " signature " representing the type to call against and the types of the method 's arguments and return value .
If we do not know those types until runtime , and they may be variant even then ... how do we support invocation in a dynamic language ?
Answer : Very carefully .
Because we are bound to following Java 's method invocation rules , the once sunny and clear forecast turns rather cloudy .
Every invocation has to be called against a known type .
Its arguments must be known types .
Its return value must be a known type .
Making matters worse , we can't even provide signatures withtypes ; the signatures must exactly match the method we intend to invoke .
So we understand limitation # 1 : invocations are statically typed .
There 's another way this affects dynamic languages , especially those that may not present normal Java types or that run in an interpreted mode for some part of execution : Invocations must be against real methods on real types .
There 's simply no way to tell the JVM that instead of calling method W on type X with param Y and return value Z , I want you to enter this interpreter loop ; do n't mind the types , we 'll figure it out for you .
Oh no , you have to be part of the Java club and present a normal Java type to get invocation privileges .
That 's limitation # 2 : invocations must be against Java methods on Java types .
Adding insult to injury , JVMs even runagainst the bytecode you feed them to make sure you 're following the rules .
One little mistake and zooop ... off to the exception farm you go .
It 's downright unfair .
The traditional way to get around all this rigidity ( a technique used heavily even by normal Java libraries , since everyone wants to bend the rules sometimes ) is to abstract out the act of " invoking " itself , usually by creating " Method " objects that do the call for you .
And oddly enough , the reflection capabilities of the JVM come into heavy play here .
" Method " happens to be one of the types in the java.
lang .
reflect package , and it even has an " invoke " method on it .
Even better , " invoke " returns Object , and accepts as parameters an Object receiver and an array of Object arguments .
Can it truly be this easy ?
Well , yes and no .
Using reflection to invoke methods works great ... except for a few problems .
Method objects must be retrieved from a specific type , and can't be created in a general way .
You ca n't ask the JVM to give you a Method that just represents a signature , or even a name and a signature ; it must be retrieved from a specific type available at runtime .
Oh , but that 's at runtime , right ?
We 're ok , because we do actually have types at runtime , right ?
Well , yes and no .
First off , you 're ignoring the second inconvenience above .
Language implementations like JRuby or Rhino , which have interpreters , often simply do n't * have * normal Java types they can present for reflection .
And if you do n't have normal types , you do n't have normal methods either ; JRuby , for example , has a method object type that represents a parsed bit of Ruby code and logic for interpreting it .
Second , reflected invocation is a lot slower than direct invocation .
Over the years , the JVM has gotten really good at making reflected invocation fast .
Modern JVMs actually generate a bunch of code behind the scenes to avoid a much of the overhead old JVMs dealt with .
But the simple truth is that reflected access through any number of layers will always be slower than a direct call , partially because the completely generified " invoke " method must check and re-check receiver type , argument types , visibility , and other details , but also because arguments must all be objects ( so primitives get object - boxed ) and must be provided as an array to cover all possible arities ( so arguments get array - boxed ) .
The performance difference may not matter for a library doing a few reflected calls , especially if those calls are mostly to dynamically set up a static structure in memory against which it can make normal calls .
But in a dynamic language , wherecall must use these mechanisms , it 's a severe performance hit .
As a result of reflection 's poor ( relative ) performance , language implementers have been forced to come up with new tricks .
In JRuby 's case , this means we generate our own little invoker classes at build time , one per core class method .
So instead of calling through our DynamicMethod to a java.lang .
reflect .
Method object , boxing argument lists and performing type checks along the way , we 're able to create a fast , specialized bit of bytecode that does the trick for us .
Here 's an example of a generated invoker for RubyString .
split , the implementation of String # split , taking one argument .
We pass into the " call " method a ThreadContext ( runtime information for JRuby ) , an IRubyObject receiver ( the String itself ) , a RubyModule target Ruby type ( to track the hierarchy during super calls ) , a String method name ( to allow aliased methods to present an accurate backtrace ) , and the argument .
Out of it we get an IRubyObject return value .
And the bytecode is pretty straightforward ; we prepare our arguments and the receiver and we make the call directly .
What would normally be perhaps a dozen layers of reflected logic has been reduced to 10 bytes of bytecode , plus the size of the class / method metadata like type signatures , method names , and so on .
But there 's still a problem here .
Take a look at this other invoker for RubyString .
slice_bang , the implementation of String # slice !:
Oddly familiar , is n't it ?
What we have here is called " wastefulness " .
In order to provide optimal invocation performance for all core methods , we must generate hundreds of these these tiny methods into tiny classes with everything neatly tied up in a bow so the JVM will pretty please perform that invocation for us as quickly as possible .
And the largest side effect of all this is that we generate the same bytecode , over and over again , with only the tiniest of changes .
In fact , this case only changes : the string name of the method we eventually call on RubyString .
There are dozens of these cases in JRuby 's core classes , and if we attempted to extend this mechanism to all Java types we encountered ( we do n't , for memory - saving purposes ) , there would be hundreds of cases of nearly - complete duplication .
I smell an opportunity .
Our first step is to trim all that fat .
Let me tell you a little story .
This story will be very familiar to anyone who 's tried to push the limits of code generation on the JVM .
The JVM keeps in memory a large , pre-allocated chunk of reserved space called the " heap " .
The heap is maintained as a contiguous area of space to allow the JVM 's garbage collector to move objects around at will .
All objects allocated by the system come out of this heap , which is usually split up into " generations " .
The " young " generation sees the most activity .
Objects that are created and immediately dereferenced ( like , abandoned ? ) , never make it out of this generation .
Objects that persist longer stick around longer .
Some objects live forever and get to the oldest generations , but most objects die an early death .
And when they die , their bodies become the grass , and the antelope eat the grass .
It 's a beautiful circle of life .
But why are there no butterscotches and unicorns ?
The dirty secret of several JVM implementations , Hotspot included , is that there 's a separate heap ( or a separate generation of the heap ) used for special types of data like class definitions , class metadata , and sometimes bytecode or JITted native code .
And it could n't have a scarier name : The Permanent Generation .
Except in rare cases , objects loaded into the PermGen are never garbage collected ( because they 're supposed to be permanent , get it ? ) and if not used very , very carefully , it will fill up , resulting in the dreaded " java.lang.OutOfMemoryError : PermGen space " that ultimately caused little Billy to go live in the clouds and have tea parties with beautiful mermaids .
So it is with great reluctance that we are forced to abandon the idea of generating a lot of fat , wasteful , but speedy invokers .
And it's with even greater reluctance we must abandon the idea of , since we can barely afford to generate all that code once .
If only there were a way to share all that code and decrease the amount of PermGen we consume , or at least make it possible for generated code to be easily garbage collected .
Hmmm .
Now it starts to get cool .
Enter java.dyn.AnonymousClassLoader .
AnonymousClassLoader is the first artifact introduced by the InvokeDynamic work , and it 's designed to solve two problems :
It solves these problems in a number of ways .
First , classes loaded by AnonymousClassLoader are not given full - fledged symbolic names in the global symbol tables ; they 're given rough numeric identifiers .
They are effectively anonymized , allowing much more freedome to generate them at will , since naming conflicts essentially do not happen .
Second , the classes are loaded without a parent ClassLoader , so there 's no overprotective mother keeping them on a short leash .
When the last normal references to the class disappear , it 's eligible for garbage collection like any other object .
Third , it provides a mechanism whereby an existing class can be loaded and slightly modified , producing a new class with those modifications but sharing the rest of its structure and data .
Specifically , AnonymousClassLoader provides a way to alter the class 's constant pool , changing method names , type signatures , and constant values .
Here 's a very simple example of passing an existing class ( Invoker ) through AnonymousClassLoader , translating the method name " fake " in the constant pool into the name " real " .
The resulting class has exactly the same bytecode for its " doIt " method and the same metadata for its fields and methods , but instead of calling the " fake " method it will call the " real " method .
If we needed to adjust the method signature as well , it 's just another entry in the constPatchMap .
So if we put these three items together with our two invokers above , we see first that generating those invokers ends up being a much simpler affairs .
Where before we had to be very cautious about how many invokers we created , and take care to stuff them into their own classloaders ( in case they need to be garbage - collected later ) , now we can load them freely , and we will see neither symbolic collisions nor PermGen leaks .
And where before we ended up generating mostly the same code for dozens of different classes , now we can simply create that code once ( perhaps as normal Java code ) and use that as a template for future classes , sharing the bulk of the class data in the process .
Plus we 're still getting the fastest invocation money can buy , because we do n't have to use reflection .
Who could ask for more ?
I could .
There 's still a problem with our invokers : we have to create the templates .
Let 's consider only Object - typed signatures for a moment .
Even if we accept that everything 's going to be an Object , we still want to avoid stuffing arguments into an Object [ ] every time we want to make a call .
It 's wasteful , because of all those transient Object [ ] we create and collect , and it 's slow , because we need to populate those arrays and read from them on the other side .
So you end up hand - generating many different methods to support signatures that do n't box arguments into Object [ ] .
For example , the many call signatures on JRuby 's DynamicMethod type , which is the supertype of all Ruby method objects in a JRuby runtime :
What was that I said about wasteful ?
And this does n't even consider the fact that ideally we want to move toward calling methods with * specific types * since any good JVM dynlang will eventually have to call a normal Java method with a non-Object - based signature .
Oh , we could certainly generate new versions of " call " into their own little interfaces at runtime , but we'd have to load them , manage them , make sure they can GC , make sure they do n't collide with each other , and so on .
We end up back where we started , because AnonymousClassLoader is only part of the solution .
What we really need is a way to ask the JVM for a lightweight , non-reflected , statically - typed " handle " to a method that 's primitive enough for the JVM to treat it like a function pointer .
Hey !
Let 's call it a MethodHandle !
Brilliant !
MethodHandle is the next major piece of infrastructure added for InvokeDynamic .
Instead of having to pass around java.lang .
reflect .
Method objects , which are slower to invoke and carry all that metadata and reflection bulk with them , we can now instead deal directly with MethodHandle , a very primitive reference type representing a specific method on a specific type with specific parameters .
But wait , did n't you say specifics get in the way ?
Specifics can get in the way if we 're concerned only about invoking dumb dynamic - typed methods that could accept any number of types , as is the case in dynamic languages .
Being forced to specify a specific type means that specific type becomes Object , and so all paths must lead to the same generic code .
And truly , if MethodHandle was no more than a " detachable method " it would n't be particularly useful .
But in order to support the more complex call protocols dynamic languages introduce , with their implicit type conversions , dynamic lookup schemes , and " no such method " hooks , MethodHandles are alsoSay we have a target method on the Happy type that takes a single String argument .
We can capture a method handle for this class in one of two ways .
We can either " unreflect " a java.lang.reflect .
Method object , or we can ask the MethodHandles factory to produce one for us :
Our new happyTimeHandle is a direct reference to the " happyTime " method .
It 's statically typed , with a type signature of " ( Happy , String ) void " ( meaning it accepts a Happy argument and a String argument and returns void , since we must include the receiver type ) .
And the code looks very similar to retrieving a java.
lang .
reflect .
Method instance .
So if all we 're concerned about is calling happyTime on a Happy instance with a String argument , this is basically all there is to it .
But that 's rarely enough for us dynamic types .
No , we need all our " magic " too .
Luckily , MethodHandles also provides a way toandhandles .
Perhaps the simplest adaptation isCurrying a method ( and really when we talk about methods here we 're talking about functions with a leading receiver argument ) means to grab that method reference , stuff a couple values into its argument list , and produce a new method reference that uses those values plus future values you provide at call time to make the target call .
In this case , we 'll insert a Happy instance we want this handle to always invoke against .
The resulting curried handle has a signature of only " ( String ) void " , since we 've curried orthe handle to a specific instance of Happy .
There are also more complicated adaptations .
We may need to have what John Rose calls a " flyby " adapter that examines and possibly coerces arguments in the arg list .
So we grab a handle to the method representing that logic , attach it to our MethodHandle as a flyby argument adapter , and the resulting handle will perform that adaptation as calls pass through it .
We may want to " splat " or " spread " arguments , accepting a variable argument count and automatically stuffing it into an array .
MethodHandles.spreadArguments can return a handle that does what we 're looking for .
Perhaps we need pre and post - call logic , like artificial frame or variable scope allocation .
We just represent the logic as simple functions , produce handles for each , and assemble a new MethodHandle that brackets the call .
Bit by bit , piece by piece , the complex vagaries of our call protocols can be decomposed into functions , referenced by method handles , and composed into fast , efficient , direct calls .
Are we having fun yet ?
We have n't even gotten to the coolest part .
JSR - 292 started out life as a proposal for a new bytecode , " invokedynamic " , to accompany the four other " invoke " bytecodes by allowing for dynamic invocation .
When it was announced , the early concept provided only for invocation without a static - typed signature .
It still required a call to eventually reach a real method on a real type , and it did not provide ( or did not specify ) a way to alter the JVM 's normal logic for looking up what method it should actually invoke .
For languages like JRuby and Groovy , which store method tables in their own structures , this meant the original concept was essentially useless : most dynamic languages have " open " types whose methods can be added , removed , and redefined later , so it was impossible to ever present a normal type invokedynamic could call .
It also included nothing to solve the larger problems of implementing a dynamic language on the JVM , problems like the restrictive , over - pedantic rules for loading new bytecode and the limitations and poor performance of reflected methods .
It was , in essence , dead in the water .
That was mid 2006 .
Fast - forward to September of that year .
Sun Microsystems , after years of promoting Java as the " one true language " on the JVM , has decided to hire on two open - source developers to work on the JRuby project , a JVM implementation of Ruby , a fairly complex dynamically - typed language .
The pair had managed to run the most complicated application framework the Ruby world had to offer , and for the first time in a long time it started to look like directly supporting non-Java languages on the JVM might be a good idea .
Around this time or shortly after , John Rose became the new JSR - 292 lead .
John was a member of the Hotspot VM team , and among his many accomplishments he listed a fast Scheme VM and a bytecode - based regular expression engine .
But perhaps most importantly , John knew Hotspot intimately , knew that the its core was simply * made * for dynamic languages , and had a pretty good idea how to expose that core .
So it began .
The culmination of InvokeDynamic is , of course , the ability to make a dynamic call that the JVM not only recognizes , but also optimizes in the same way it optimizes plain old static - typed calls .
AnonymousClassLoading provides a piece of that puzzle , making it easy to generate lightweight bits of code suitable for use as adapters and method handles .
MethodHandle provides another piece of that puzzle , serving as a direct method reference , allowing fast invocation , argument list manipulation , and functional composability .
The last piece of the puzzle , and probably the coolest one of all , is the bootstrapper .
Now it 's time to blow your mind .
There 's two sides to a invocation .
There 's the call , presumably a chunk of bytecode doing an " invoke " operation , and there 's the target , the actual method it invokes .
Under normal circumstances , targets fall into three categories : static methods , virtual methods , and interface methods .
Because two of these types -- static and virtual -- are explicitly bound to a specific method , they can be verified when the method 's bytecode is loaded .
If the type or method do not exist , the bytecode is considered invalid and an error is thrown .
However the third type of target , an interface method , may have any number of targets at runtime , potentially targets that have not even been loaded into the system yet .
So the JVM gives invokeinterface operations much more flexibility .
Flexibility we can exploit .
Much of the JVM 's optimizations come from it treating what looks like normal code as " special " .
Hotspot , for example , has a large list of " intrinsic " methods ( like System.arraycopy or Object.getClass ) , methods that it always tries to inline directly into the caller , to ensure they have the maximum possible performance and locality .
It turns out that adding bytecodes to the JVM is n't really even necessary , if you have the freedom to define special new behaviors based solely on the methods , types , or operations in play .
And apparently , the Hotspot team has that freedom .
Because of the low probability of a new bytecode being approved , and because it really was n't necessary , John introduced a " special " new interface type called java .
dyn .
Dynamic .
Dynamic does not include any methods , nor is it intended as a marker interface .
You can implement it if you like , but its real purpose comes when paired with the invokeinterface bytecode .
For you see , under InvokeDynamic , an invokeinterface against Dynamic is not really an interface invocation at all .
Here 's a simple example of code that wo n't compile .
Because the incoming argument 's type is Object , we can only call methods that exist on Object .
" myDynamicMethod " is not one of them .
The hypothetical bytecode for that call , if it did compile , would look roughly like this :
In its current state , this bytecode would not even load , because the verifier would see there 's no myDynamicMethod on Object and kick it out .
But we want to make a dynamic call , right ?
So let 's transform that virtual invocation into a dynamic one : Hooray !
We 've set up a dynamic call !
Was n't that easy ?
We 've made it an interface invocation , so the JVM wo n't kick it out and it loads happily .
And we 've provided our " special " marker , the java .
dyn .
Dynamic interface , so the JVM knows not to do a normal interface invocation .
That wraps up the call side ... myDynamicMethod is now recognized as an " invokedynamic " .
But what about the target ?
How do we route this call to the right place ?
Now we finally get to the bootstrap process .
In order to make dynamic languages truly first - class citizens on the JVM , they need to be able to actively participate in method dispatch decisions .
If method lookup and dispatch is forever only in the hands of the JVM , it 's a much more complicated process to do fast dynamic calls .
Believe me , I 've tried .
So John came up with the idea of a " bootstrap " method .
The bootstrap method is simply a piece of code that the JVM can call when it encounters a dynamic invocation .
The bootstrap receives all information about the call directly from the JVM itself , makes a decision about where that call needs to go , and provides that information to the JVM .
As long as that decision remains valid , meaning future calls are against the same type and method tables do n't change , no further calls to the bootstrap are needed .
The JVM proceeds to link and optimize the dynamic callHere 's what this looks like in practice :
This is a simple bootstrap method for the " myDynamicMethod " call above .
When " myDynamicMethod " is invoked , the JVM " upcalls " into this bootstrap method .
It provides the original argument list ( with the receiver first , since invokeinterface always takes a receiver ) , and a CallSite .
CallSite is a representation of the " site " in the original code where the dynamic invocation came from , and it has a type just like a method handle .
In this case , the CallSite.type ( ) is " ( Object ) Object " since we always pass along the receiver ( the one Object argument ) and the method returns an Object .
In this case , we 're just going to bind any dynamic call coming into this bootstrap to the same method , which might look like this :
Notice that now we actually have a formal argument for the receiver ; because we have bound an instance invocation ( invokeinterface ) to a static method ( invokestatic ) the receiver becomes the first argument to the call .
Back in bootstrap , we retrieve a handle to this method and set it into the CallSite .
At this point the CallSite has everything it needs for the JVM to link future calls straight through .
As a final step , we perform the invocation ourselves to provide a return value for the current call .
And the bootstrap method will never be called for this particular call site again ... because the JVM links it straight through .
As I alluded to earlier , we can also invalidate a CallSite by clearing its target .
Clearing the target tells the JVM the originally linked method is no longer the right one , please bootstrap again .
We 're basically a direct participant in the JVM 's method selection and linking process .
So cool .
Oh , there 's one more bit of magic I should show you : how to get from point A to point B , i.e. how to tell the JVM which bootstrap method to use .
Remember our SimpleExample class above ?
The one we coaxed into doing dynamic invocation ?
Here 's how we point SimpleExample 's dynamic calls at our bootstrap method ... we just this code add to SimpleExample itself : Linkage is another class from InvokeDynamic , responsible primarily for wiring up dynamic - invoker classes to their bootstrap logic .
Here we 're registering a bootstrap method for SimpleExample by creating a handle to DynamicInvokerThingy.bootstrap .
Linkage has a convenient BOOTSTRAP_METHOD_TYPE
constant we can use for the type .
And that 's basically it .
What could be easier ?
InvokeDynamic is a work in progress .
It first successfully performed a dynamic invocation on August 26 , 2008 - International InvokeDynamic Day .
John had given me wind of the " imminent " event , so I had already started to look at wiring it into JRuby .
Ultimately , it was into the first week of September before I got all the bits together and working , but after a day or two of back - and - forth emails , a bug report ( I found a bug !
I 'm helping ! ) , and a little JRuby refactoring , I managed to successfully wire InvokeDynamic directly into JRuby 's dispatch process !
Such excitement !
The code is already in JRuby 's trunk , and will ship with JRuby 1.1.5 ( though it obviously will be disabled on JVMs without InvokeDynamic ) .
Now before you go off and get all excited , you should know that I wired it up in probably the most primitive way possible .
A lot of the method - adapting logic is n't fully implemented yet , and what is there is n't wired into Hotspot 's JIT , so it 's still early days .
But I 'm absolutely giddy when I think about the possibilities of MethodHandles alone , much less the entire InvokeDynamic package all together .
It gives me shivers just thinking about it .
( Before you think I 'm some kind of crackpot , imagine how much work it 's taken to get JRuby running as well as it is today and how much work each tiny incremental improvement requires .
The idea that the next round of * major * improvements will be a simple matter of functionally decomposing JRuby 's core -- something we 've wanted to do all along -- is pure butterscotches and unicorns . )
And there 's also the sobering fact that at best this would be a Java 7 feature ; there 's no possibility of backporting it other than as an emulation layer .
So production users looking for InvokeDynamic - enabled JRuby are going to have to be ambitious or at least wait for Java 7 ... and that 's assuming we 're able to get the JSR approved and included ( though I 'm going to do whatever I can to make that happen ) .
But at the end of the day , make no mistake :
The JVM is going to be the best VM for building dynamic languages , because ita dynamic language VM .
And InvokeDynamic , by promoting dynamic languages to first - class JVM citizens , will prove it .
If you 'd like to read more about InvokeDynamic , here 's a few resources :
The JSR - 292 JCP page has a link to the draft document about InvokeDynamic .
It 's starting to get a little aged now but the general concepts are all there .
A good read .
The JRuby SVN repository already contains the early InvokeDynamic work I 've done .
Look for the classes InvokeDynamicInvocationCompiler and InvokeDynamicSupport , both referenced from StandardASMCompiler .
And feel free to email or stop into # jruby on FreeNode IRC if you have questions .
The Multi-Language VM page can get you started with John Rose 's InvokeDynamic patches , along with some other oddities like JVM continuations and something called " quid " .
And you 'll need a good walkthrough on building OpenJDK , so try Volker Simonis 's OpenJDK instructions for now .
Unfortunately the MLVM bits only work on Linux and Solaris builds of OpenJDK at the moment ; that will change in the future .
I can't believe I forgot to do my final plug for the JVM Languages Summit , which is coming up at the end of this month .
I believe there 's still a few seats open .
If you 're in the SF bay area or feel like taking a trip , the slate of talks is going to be awesome .
You will hear John Rose talk about InvokeDynamic , me talk about JRuby past and future , and lots , lots more .
There 's even a couple Microsofties coming down and a Parrot presentation .
Great fun !
And as always , feel free to contact me , comment on this blog , or look me up on IM or IRC .
I 'm keen to see InvokeDynamic put through its paces all the way through its specification and development process , and I could use some help .
Thank you for your time !
City of the future :
The giant glass pyramid that could house one million people
With its sharp angles and its glass walls shimmering in the sunlight it looks like a piece of modern art .
But this innovative design is actually a blueprint for the city of the future - a giant glass pyramid that could house up to one million people .
The development , named the ' Ziggurat ' , will be self sufficient and carbon neutral with power being supplied by wind turbines .
No cars will be allowed inside the 2.3 square kilometre building , with residents being whisked around by a monorail network which operates both horizontally and vertically .
The futuristic pyramid could provide homes for around one million people
Security in the city will be provided by biometrics with residents relying on facial recognition to enter their homes .
Dubai based designer Timelinks has already patented the design and technology incorporated into the project .
They have also applied to the European Union for a grant to carry out more work on the project .
Ridas Matonis , managing director of Timelinks , said the city would work by ' harnessing the power of nature . '
He said : " Ziggurat communities can be almost totally self - sufficient energy - wise .
" Apart from using steam power in the building we will also employ wind turbine technology to harness natural energy resources .
The incredible building will be environmentally friendly with no cars , and will be powered by wind turbines
But it is not just about reducing the carbon footprint - the pyramid has many other benefits .
" Whole cities can be accommodated in complexes which take up less than ten per cent of the original land surface .
" Public and private landscaping will be used for leisure pursuits or irrigated as agricultural land .
" If these projects were realised today the world would see communities that are sustainable , environmentally friendly and in tune with their natural surroundings . "
Om 2008.8
Was the name of the first version of Om 2008 .
It was released on August 08 , 2008 .
Om 2008.8 was superseded by Om 2008.9 / Om 2008.12 which were released later that year .
Known Issues
This is only a subset , and some of the bits reported below may have been fixed by stable updates ( see Alasal 's test reports as well as the " Updates " section below ) .
See all tickets with 2008.8 in the bug tracker .
Suspend
Builds from the last days of August tend to suspend after 30s no matter what you set in settings .
Switching the screensaver off with `xset s off ' disables suspend completely .
Note that this command must be typed into the terminal application on the phone itself ; if you try to run it from an ssh session it fails with the error `xset : unable to open display " " ' .
This is because ssh sessions change the display settings expecting you might want X11 forwarding .
In fact if you are using X11 forwarding with ssh -Y , the command wo n't fail over ssh , but it still wo n't do what you expect , as xset will assume you 're talking about the forwarded X11 session , and thus does n't affect the X11 session on the phone .
Therefore if you use a ssh session you need to enter `xset - display :0 s off ' .
Alex reportedly solved the problem going into Illume Settings , then Power , and setting to OFF the 2 parameters .
He still gets the screensaver , but can reactivate easily just by touching .
If resume breaks audio ( the ringing of the phone or for calling someone ) a very probable reason is that the pulseaudio sound server is installed .
This happens e.G. when openmoko - mediaplayer2 is installed .
There seems to be activity to fix this application already , though .
GSM
WiFi
Audio quality
System Software
QPE high cpu usage
qpe does scan whole filesystem ( including SD card ) for documents , mp3 files , etc .
If you do n't want it you can edit / opt / Qtopia / etc / default / Trolltech / Storage.conf and disable Sd Card scanning ( overwrite 1 by 0 ) , i.e. the section in the file should read like this after aplying the change to Om2008.9 :
[ MountPoint0 ]
Name [ ] = SD Card
Path=/dev/mmcblk0p1
Removable = 1
Applications = 0
Documents = 0
ContentDatabase = 0
Networking
No Updates / Installation are possible or pings to domains because DNS is not working .
This problem occurs because the /etc/ resolv.conf is empty by default .
Add these lines in /etc / network / interfaces :
up echo nameserver 208.67.222.222 >
/etc/resolv.conf up echo nameserver 208.67.220.220 >>
/etc/resolv.conf
This is to be inserted below gateway address and above the bluetooth networking .
After this it will be set on every reboot .
Note that sending all DNS traffic to these servers lets their administrators follow each and every web site you visit .
You might want to consider using the nameservers of your real ISP instead since they can already do such tracking .
For resolving DNS without restarting , run the following commands :
echo nameserver 208.67.222.222 > /etc/resolv.conf echo nameserver 208.67.220.220 >>
/etc/resolv.conf
This should solve most of your moko side networking issues .
If you need any other help please refer to USB Networking
NOTE : resolvconf is installed so should probably be used Problem : parts of resolvconf are missing : without the scripts under / etc / network / if - {up , down}.d , and /etc / resolvconf / run / enable - updates and / lib / resolvconf / list - records it does nothing , and even then , /etc / resolvconf / run should probably be a symlink to / var / run , or /etc/ resolv.conf needs to be pointed at /etc/ resolvconf/run/resolv.conf -- once all that 's done , it seems to work as long as you add something like this to /etc / network / interfaces at the end of the usb0 stanza : dns-nameservers 192.168.0.200 dns-search example.com and add usb * above eth* in /etc/ resolvconf / interface - order
NOTE : Solution : Steps to add missing resolvconf script :
touch /etc/resolvconf/run/enable-updates
cd /etc ; rm resolv.conf ; ln -s /etc/resolvconf/run/resolv.conf .
mkdir / lib / resolvconf / ; cd /lib / resolvconf /
wget http://87.227.108.179/list-records
chmod +x list - records
Edit /etc / network / interfaces and remove the lines :
network 192.168.0.0
gateway 192.168.0.200
If we need to use the usb network more then just locally from the computer in the other end of the USB - cable , login with ssh and add a default route like this :
route add default gateway 192.168.0.200
Usb - networking will not work until rebooted after initial boot .
Usability
The Pin-Dialog by default just shows letters .
You have to slide your finger up / down over the keyboard to make the numbers / uppercase / special characters appear .
The installer app does n't release administrative rights which results in not being able to use opkg .
Solution : run " killall packagekitd " ( on the freerunner or when ssh'ed in ) .
The installer app does n't release administrative rights which results in not being able to use opkg .
Alternate Solution :
On the FreeRunner , use the drop - down menu to close all open applications .
The keyboard may not be adapted for all uses .
See Keyboard Debate for a full discussion and options .
Subsequent upgrades
Posterior to the Om2008.8 release made on 2008/08/08 , development has been split in two branches aiming respectively at the next minor and major releases .
Direct follow - up for 2008.8 occured on the org.openmoko.asu.stable branch , with the short term goal to improve stability and useability , keeping the same features set .
Official updates are available in the 2008.8 packages repository feeds .
Since this repository is already configured in 2008.8 , using ' opkg update ; opkg upgrade ' is sufficient to stay up to date .
Two subsequent " point upgrade " named Om 2008.9 Update and Om 2008.12 Update have been released .
The long - term development branch is named org.openmoko.dev , this is where most activity happens .
This branch has refocused on the base system functionalities , no applications are installed by default .
Critical bugfixes from that branch are eventually ported to the .asu.stable branch .
Using binaries updates from that branch ( or any other non -2008.8 repository ) on a 2008.x stable base is likely to send you in Dependency Hell , you have been warned .
Dedication
From : Openmoko
To : openmoko - community mailing list
Om 2008.8 was designed to be empty , for the very purpose of showcasing your ideas .
Think of our products as galleries .
We 're building the environment .
Each one different from the next .
You 'll get all the free art supplies you could imagine because we want you to add your own meaning .
You choose : consume , create , or both .
Either way you create your own meaning .
It 's about you .
BOSTON ( Reuters ) -
The billionaires and others in the wealthiest strata of U.S. society traditionally vote Republican , but that ’s changing this year , say advisers to the wealthy .
Democratic presidential nominee Senator Barack Obama makes a statement on the economy at the Maumee Bay Resort in Oregon , Ohio October 14 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jim Young
Despite plans to boost tax rates for the wealthiest 5 percent of Americans , Sen. Barack Obama is making the deepest inroads into wealthy voters in more than a decade for any Democratic presidential nominee , suggesting the November 4 election could mark a fundamental shift in voting patterns .
Running out of time to reshape a White House race that appears on the verge of tipping decisively toward Obama , Republican Sen .
John McCain also faces a drop in support from a once - reliably Republican segment of society : the wealthy .
“ McCain does not enjoy the kind of plurality in the wealthy space that Republican candidates have enjoyed in the past , ” said Jim Taylor , vice chairman of the Harrison Group , a market research and strategy firm in Waterbury , Conn .
Taylor , who produces a quarterly “ Survey of Affluence and Wealth in America , ” said the wealthy were once a solid Republican majority .
“ It ’s not anymore , ” he told the Reuters Wealth Management Summit on Tuesday , citing the findings of his latest survey of 614 affluent individuals taken September 19 - 23 .
That showed McCain had 40 percent of the “ affluent and wealth vote , ” compared with 33 percent for Obama , and given the recent stock market slide Taylor says he would be surprised if Obama ’s support had n’t risen further in the past few weeks .
In the 2000 and 2004 presidential elections , in contrast , about 80 percent of the wealthy supported the Republican nominee , Taylor said .
For the wealthiest American households , who have at least $ 1.6 million set aside each year for discretionary spending , McCain was favored over Obama by 49 percent to 28 percent .
“ That may sound like a lot but but there was a time when it was 100 to zero percent , ” Taylor said .
‘ SENSITIVITY TOWARD PEOPLE ’
Obama ’s appeal to the wealthy is complicated by his plan to eliminate personal income tax cuts that benefit the rich : Americans earning more than $ 200,000 a year and married couples earning more than $ 250,000 .
According to Taylor ’s findings , the wealthy view McCain more favorably on foreign policy and even the economy , an area where Obama enjoys a perceived edge in recent national opinion polls during the current turmoil in financial markets .
“ What Obama wins is an understanding of and sensitivity toward people , ” he said .
“ And as a general rule , people have agreed at the wealthy end they can afford some more taxes . ”
Richard Feurtado , head of wealth management at BlackRock Inc , the largest publicly traded U.S. asset management firm , said about 50 percent of his ultra - high net worth clients are Obama supporters .
“ People do things for all sorts of reasons , and maybe one of them is financial but there are many other reasons for the way people vote , ” he said .
Some rich Americans expect taxes to rise regardless of who wins the White House race , and some expect it even if the foundering U.S. economy tips into recession .
“ Everybody believes that taxes are going up ... no matter who gets elected , ” said Timothy Vaill , chairman and chief executive of the wealth management arm of Boston Private Financial Holdings , a money - management firm .
Some wealthy foreign investors with big investments in the United States are unnerved by McCain ’s running - mate , Alaska governor and self - described ‘ hockey mom ’ Sarah Palin , said Charles Lowenhaupt , chairman of St. Louis - based Lowenhaupt Global Advisors , which advises ultra - high - net - worth families .
“ The non-U.S. wealth - holders I ’ve talked to , in India for example , were feeling very negative on Obama .
And all of sudden the Palin thing has flipped that because as naive as Obama looked they think Palin looks more so , ” he said .
He said wealthy individuals in India are highly critical of Obama ’s willingness to strike against terrorists in Pakistan without approval from Islamabad .
“ They would say ‘ oh , Obama is terrible . ’
I just kept running into that when I was there .
But when McCain chose Palin , they said ‘ oh Palin . ’
They just do n’t understand the whole culture around her , the ‘ hockey mom ’ idea . ”
So many times you see a quarterback - center snap issue cost teams a victory .
Ben Roethlisberger is notorious for having issues .
Kurt Warner ?
Do n’t even get us started .
But in the Lingerie Football League it does n’t seem to be an issue .
See , these women practice this part of the game .
They even seem to enjoy it .
Our researchers found that the Los Angeles Temptation will go as far as practicing inside a nightclub as cameras catch the action .
Teams around the LFL are busy getting ready for the season and this is the type of focus that is going to help one of these teams climb to the pinnacle of lingerie football .
Now we ’ll shut up and get to the photos .
12847423802543462
Anyone else notice that Hillary and her staff keep gratuitously mentioning “ San Francisco ” when talking about Obama ’s “ bitter ” comments ?
Markos noticed it too : “ I remember the good ol ’ days when only Republicans used to demonize San Francisco , ” Markos wrote yesterday .
A DailyKos diarist noticed it too , as did the readers at popular gay news and culture site Datalounge .
As did some folks interviewed by the SF Chronicle :
So the most shocking part of the whole incident , he said , has been the appearance that “ Hillary Clinton wants to … throw in with the critique from the far right ” in appearing to feed the image of an out - of - touch “ San Francisco - style Democrat . ”
It suggests “ that the Clintons are so committed to the political tactics that they ’ll do virtually anything to advance a step without regard for the long term implications , ” he said .
“ Most Democrats and most Republicans will not attack their opponent in such a way as to give massive fodder to the other side in the general election . ”
But “ she ’s just writing the playbook for the Republicans in November … ”
And we all know what San Francisco is code for .
Now let ’s examine what Hillary was after .
From the NYT :
Some Clinton advisers also said that the focus on Mr. Obama ’s “ guns or religion ” comment was a way to put him on the spot with so - called values voters …
Value voters .
That ’s PC media slang for the religious right .
Here are a few examples of Hillary dropping the SF - bomb concerning the bitter thing :
Hillary ’s appearance at the Alliance for Manufacturing Forum in PA :
“ I am well aware that at a fundraiser in San Francisco , he said some things that many people in Pennsylvania and beyond Pennsylvania have found offensive .
Then at the Compassion Forum ( irony much ? ) on April 13 , she did it again :
CAMPBELL BROWN : But , senator , you ’ve been out there on the stump attacking him pretty aggressively over this .
And his response has been , and he said it pretty bluntly tonight , shame on you .
You know that he is a man of faith — this is what he ’s saying — and to suggest that he is demeaning religion is you playing politics .
HRC : I do think it raises a lot of concerns and we ’ve seen that exhibited in the last several days by people here in Pennsylvania , in Indiana where I was yesterday , and elsewhere , because it did seem so much in line with what often we are charged with .
Someone goes to a closed door fund - raiser in San Francisco and makes comments that do seem elitist , out of touch and , frankly , patronizing .
Again , why throw in San Francisco ?
Then check out Hillary ’s Web site .
It ’s littered with “ bitter ” San Francisco references , including the last one , that ’s quite damning .
Here , here , here , here , and especially here :
MT Endorsement Watch : “ Yellowstone County Commissioner Bill Kennedy says he is endorsing Hillary Rodham Clinton … [ Kennedy said : ]
‘ In Montana , going to church or going hunting is part of our heritage , not something we ‘ cling to ’ out of bitterness or frustration … Sen. Obama showed a real disconnect with rural Montana .
It might work to look down on us from San Francisco , but it wo n’t sell when he comes back to Montana . ’ ”
Really ?
From San Francisco ?
What is that supposed to mean ?
Oh , and before I have to deal with all the “ Hillary is SUPER pro-gay ” responses , yes she is .
She ’s also super pro-black , pro-gun - control , and pro-NAFTA .
But when it became expedient for her campaign to race - bait , embrace guns , and then claim she was always anti-NAFTA , Hillary flipped on a dime .
As for the gays , yes , the Clintons are very pro-gay , until they ’re not .
Remember DOMA , and Bill Clinton ’s radio ads touting his support for the anti-gay bill ?
Here ’s the NYT coverage of the ads at the time :
In a radio advertisement aimed at religious conservatives , the Clinton campaign is showcasing the President ’s signature on a bill banning gay marriages in spite of earlier White House complaints that the issue amounted to ” gay baiting . ” …
Mr. Clinton signed the law early on a Saturday morning , minimizing news coverage .
He said he had long agreed with the principles in the bill but hoped it would not be used to justify discrimination against homosexuals …
Longtime Clinton friend David Mixner reminds us :
In fact , after proclaiming to the community how painful it was for him to sign it , President Clinton ’s reelection campaign had ads up in the South touting the legislation within two weeks !
Let ’s also revisit my post of last June in which we learned that Bill Clinton was advising John Kerry to endorse the anti-gay Federal Marriage Amendment .
What kind of advice do you think Bill is giving Hillary about how to reach “ values voters ” – well , we already know his advice , throw the gays under the bus – and do you really think she ’s not taking it ?
Let me also share the story of how Hillary ’s people freaked when Joe and I told them we were going to ask Hillary a “ gay ” question at the Democratic National Committee winter meeting a year ago ( I mean , the question was about DOMA and civil unions , hardly anything she has n’t answered before ) .
Joe literally got yelled at for even suggesting that we were going to ask Hillary something about DOMA .
We were told that we had to give Hillary and her people the question in advance .
We refused .
We were then told that we could n’t ask her about DOMA since her husband signed it into law – apparently , it would be embarrassing to her .
You ’ll be surprised to hear that we never got the interview .
And remember that a year ago February , we were one of the only top blogs that even liked Hillary .
Senator Dodd , on the contrary , had no problem answering the same question at the same meeting .
Wesley Clark gave a great answer as well .
There was an article in the USA Today on Aug 22nd that really struck a cord with me – “ Transportation Costs Could Alter World Trade . ”
The article continued the theme of articles that ran in the Money Section for most of the summer about the rapid rise in energy cost that is affecting the world .
Instead of focusing on automobiles in this country , this article is focusing on a section of the transportation grid that has been largely overlooked - shipping by sea .
For the last 20 years , businesses have been moving their manufacturing base to various parts of the world to take advantage of cheap labor , lower environmental laws , lower taxes , etc .
The one key area that has allowed this globalization of the manufacturing base is the availability of cheap oil .
It has been far cheaper to manufacture various goods overseas and ship them back to the USA by containers on ships .
However , since oil has been running above $ 120 a barrel for most of the year , corporations are rethinking portions of this supply chain .
Here is a great example of the increase of shipping costs companies are experience base from the article – “ Shipping a standard 40 - foot container from Shanghai to the U.S. East Cost in May cost about $ 8000 vs. $ 3000 eight years ago when oil was round $ 20 a barrel . ”
That is a 266 % increase in costs !
How can any company sustain those costs over a long period of time ?
They can ’t , so something has to give .
One of two things must happen here .
First companies could raise prices , in turn increasing inflation .
Not the best option as we all know .
The second option is to reverse the trend of the last 20 years and reinvest in this country with new a manufacture base .
In doing so , this will cut their transportation cost by 200 % since the markets are lot closer to distribution points .
In my home state of Virginia we are already seeing that trend with the announcement of Ikea manufacturing plant in Danville along with the opening of Rolls Royce aircraft engines plant in Price George .
Both of these companies see the advantage of being closer to their prime markets and taking advantage of lower transportation costs .
steel , furniture , apparel and other consumer goods are also starting to see this trend is occur .
So what is the net gain here besides lowering the cost of these corporations ?
Good question .
For the U.S. the advantages are huge .
We could very well start to reverse the decline in our manufacturing base , increase jobs , increase tax revenue ( local , state , federal levels ) , and lower the National trade deficit .
Before we all get giddy about this prospect , we as nation will need to realize this trend will not happen overnight nor will it occur on a massive scale .
Not all companies are going this route instead they are looking at other options that will help offset fuel cost .
One option being implemented is slowing the container ships down as they cross the ocean .
Instead of cruising from Asia at 30 + knots , ships will be setting new cruising speed at 20 knots .
The draw back here is that your transit time increases which could potentially cause an increase in shortages at the retail level .
Another way to possible supplement this slowdown is by adding more ships to these lanes .
However you would need to bring ships from retirement and retro fit them to take advantage of fuel efficient technology ( like there is any for ships ) .
This plan would take time and money which could be easily passed onto the consumer who could very well stop buying the products if they get too expensive .
Each company will have to determine what option best fits its balance sheet ; either to invest in new manufacturing plants , distribution centers , labor , etc in the U.S. for the long haul or continue to ship goods from Asia with higher cost and longer transit times .
If companies do go with reinvesting in America then these high oil prices might be a blessing in disguise after all .
Time will only tell .
More developments in the Troopergate story .
Palin has become very fond of the preemptive strike .
Once again , in a less than shocking pre-emptive power play , Governor Palin ’s Personnel Board has concluded Palin ’s investigation of herself .
That ’s right , she decided to just jump right in there and investigate herself , because the bipartisan Legislative investigation just could n’t be impartial .
Like her .
So , drumroll please … … Palin has declared herself INNOCENT !
She ’s done nothing wrong !
Boy that was a nail - biter .
But now , we leave Sarah ’s Fantasy Land and come back to reality .
After overcoming every hurdle , every stonewalling tactic and every flimsy legal challenge imaginable , the report is in the hands of Legislators .
Tomorrow , the Alaska Legislative Council will decide what to do with the results of the real investigation – the one that John McCain and Sarah Palin would rather you not see .
For weeks now , Special Investigator Stephen Branchflower has been investigating Palin ’s firing of the Commissioner of Public Safety , Walt Monegan to see if she abused her power as governor to fire him because he , in turn , would not fire her ex-brother in law because of a family squabble .
Questions were also asked about the Palins ’ role in what appears to be interference in a workers compensation claim filed by the ex-brother - in - law , Trooper Michael Wooten .
But before the report is released , the Legislative Council must vote to do so .
There is EXTREME pressure coming from very high in the Republican Party to keep this report from coming out .
If this report is released to the public tomorrow , it will be because of the principled bravery of a majority of members of the Legislative Council , particularly the Republicans who will have had to stand up to their own party .
And that ’s where we stand .
Meanwhile , on a lighter note …
This brings us to our final installment of the Countdown to Truth , and the Top 10 Reasons the report should be released :
10 : Maybe once the report comes out people will stop naming their pitbulls “ Sarah ” and making them wear lipstick .
Because that is just all kinds of wrong .
9 : It will give Meg Stapleton the opportunity to stop lying about Walt Monegan and Troopergate , and to start lying about why Sarah Palin got her ass handed to her in the debate .
8 : If it does n’t come out then what will Alaska Progressive bloggers write about all weekend ?
7 : This investigation has cost Alaskans $ 100,000 .
The last time Alaskans spent that kind of money with nothing to show for it , was on exotic dancers and cocaine back in the oil drenched 1980 ’s .
6 : Because the McCain campaign does not want the report to be made public , and when was the last time ANYBODY told Alaskans not to do something and we listened ?
5 : Once this report is finally out we can all stop pretending to like Dan Fagan .
4 : The report will undoubtedly convince the Palins that they need to return home where surely they will be inspired to add yet another offspring to their brood , perhaps this one to be named “ Phlegm Wingnut Palin ” ?
3 : It will allow Alaskans to stop focusing on this distraction and get back to watching for Russians trying to come over the border so that we can shoo them back to where they belong .
2 : Once it is released perhaps it can be given as reading material to poor little Bristol Palin who apparently is secreted , along with Cathy Baldwin - Johnson and hockey stud Levi Johnston , in a secret vault deep under the White House , or in a bear cache in the wilds of Wasilla , until her mother ’s doomed run for Vice President comes to an end .
1 : It will clear the name of Walt Monegan and make his mother , possibly the sweetest woman in Alaska , very happy .
So this is the last day to send your emails urging that the report be released .
The Legislative Council will meet tomorrow at 9:00 am Alaska time ( 1:00 pm EST , 10:00 am PST ) .
At this point it really could go either way .
Great forces are at work here , and we ’ll have to just wait and see .
Thanks to all who have been helping from near and far .
Email addresses are in the comments .
( h/t to Gryphen , our Top 10 Guy )
The 4 foot 9 robot , which weighs in at approximately 148 pounds , has built - in artificial intelligence ( AI ) that equips it with a variety of skills .
Mahru comes with an advanced motion capture system , for instance , which allows it to mimic common actions like arm waving .
Like a human , it can also move its lips , eyebrows and pupils , and when it walks , Mahru is able to pull its hands away from any obstacles .
Even better , the robot is programmed to recognize human voices , walk to specific places on demand and respond to simple phrases like : " What is your name ? " and " How tall are you ? "
The latest variant of the robot ( Mahru - M ) has sensors that can differentiate between faces and objects and deliver things to humans on demand , but is limited to a tricycle wheel to move about .
The Information for Financial Aid Professionals ( IFAP ) website consolidates guidance , resources , and information related to the administration and processing of Title IV federal student aid into one online site for use by the entire financial aid community .
The most recent postings to the site are listed in the What 's New section .
introduction · watch online · forum · interviews · analysis
neuromarketing · shaping a new brand · join the discussion · links & readings
teacher 's guide · producer 's chat · press reaction · tapes & transcripts · credits · privacy policy
FRONTLINE home · wgbh · pbsi
The Persuaders
FRONTLINE takes an in - depth look at the multibillion - dollar " persuasion industries " of advertising and public relations and how marketers have developed new ways of integrating their messages deeper into the fabric of our lives .
Through sophisticated market research methods to better understand consumers and by turning to the little - understood techniques of public relations to make sure their messages come from sources we trust , marketers are crafting messages that resonate with an increasingly cynical public .
In this documentary essay , correspondent Douglas Rushkoff ( correspondent for FRONTLINE 's " The Merchants of Cool " ) also explores how the culture of marketing has come to shape the way Americans understand the world and themselves and how the techniques of the persuasion industries have migrated to politics , shaping the way our leaders formulate policy , influence public opinion , make decisions , and stay in power .
Scientists have confirmed the second - ever case of a ' virgin birth ' in a shark , further confirming that female sharks can reproduce without mating and that many female sharks may have this incredible capacity .
Lead author Dr. Demian Chapman , shark scientist with the Institute for Ocean Conservation Science at Stony Brook University , Beth Firchau of the Virginia Aquarium & Marine Science Center , and Dr. Mahmood Shivji , Director of the Guy Harvey Research Institute and Professor at Nova Southeastern University in Florida , have proven through DNA testing that the offspring of a female blacktip shark named ' Tidbit ' contained no genetic material from a father .
Tidbit , the blacktip shark from the Virginia Aquarium & Marine Science Center .
The phenomenon of ' virgin birth ' occurs when a baby is conceived without male sperm having first fertilized the female 's eggs , and has been proven in some bony fish , amphibians , reptiles , and birds .
In the type of parthenogenesis seen in these sharks , known as automictic parthenogenesis , the newly forming pup acquires one set of chromosomes when the mother 's chromosomes split during egg development .
But instead of uniting with similarly split chromosomes from sperm , as occurs in sexual reproduction , the mother 's set is paired with a copy of itself .
This results in offspring of reduced genetic diversity who may be at a disadvantage for surviving in the wild .
There have been nearly a dozen reports of suspected virgin births in sharks in recent years , but scientists largely assumed these cases were the result of long - term sperm storage by females after mating with males .
Virgin birth is now the more probable explanation , and DNA testing is underway to confirm it in additional sharks .
Tidbit had lived at the Virginia Aquarium in the Norfolk Canyon Aquarium for eight years since shortly after her birth in the wild .
Just last May , Chapman and Shivji were part of a team that made the groundbreaking scientific discovery confirming -– for the first time ever -- a virgin birth in a female shark .
That shark was a hammerhead residing at an Omaha , Nebraska zoo and had not been in contact with male sharks for at least three years .
That study was published in the journal Biology Letters and captured global media and scientific attention .
The DNA - fingerprinting techniques used to prove both cases of virgin birth ( scientifically known as ' parthenogenesis' ) are identical to those used in human paternity testing .
" It is now clear that parthenogenesis occurs in sharks other than just hammerheads , " Chapman said .
" The first case was no fluke .
It is quite possible that this is something female sharks of many species can do on occasion . " 
Sharks ' ability to reproduce alone should not be viewed as an adequate replacement for normal sexual reproduction , Chapman cautioned .
For one , the blacktip and hammerhead sharks that reproduced without mating both only produced one pup , rather than an entire litter .
Shark litters can contain anywhere from a few to more than a hundred shark pups , depending upon the species .
" The revelation that female sharks can reproduce alone should n't stop us from worrying about driving shark populations to very low levels through overfishing , "  said Chapman .
" It is very unlikely that a small number of female survivors could build their numbers up very quickly by undergoing virgin birth . " 
The new paper is entitled ' Parthenogenesis in a large - bodied requiem shark , the blacktip Carcharhinus limbatus . '
Tidbit was an Atlantic blacktip shark whom Virginia Aquarium biologists believe had only just reached sexual maturity .
" We have never observed her in reproductive behavior or showing typical signs of having been bred , " said Firchau .
Scientists did not even know that Tidbit was pregnant until after she unfortunately died and an autopsy ( called a necropsy for animals ) was performed .
" Sadness turned to surprise during the necropsy when we found that she was pregnant , " Firchau said .
" There were no male blacktips in the tank for the past eight years ! "
Chapman is currently analyzing the DNA of yet another shark species with Dr. Kevin Feldheim of the Field Museum in Chicago .
" The finding of parthenogenesis in blacktip sharks , which are close relatives of some of the larger predatory sharks in the ocean including the tiger , bull and dusky sharks , raises intriguing questions about how frequently parthenogenesis may occur in the wild in this group of heavily fished sharks , "  said Shivji .
" It is possible that parthenogenesis could become more common in these sharks if population densities become so low that females have trouble finding mates . "
Populations of all of these sharks have declined in the past twenty years due to overexploitation , mainly to supply the shark fin markets .
The new study was published today in the latest issue of the Journal of Fish Biology .
Big Difference in Post - Debate Spin .
I watched a bit of the post - debate spin at FOX News , CBS , and ABC .
CBS and ABC could n't have been more different from FOX .
The spin from commentators was pro-Palin at FOX and pro-Biden at CBS and ABC .
The Frank Luntz focus group results were stunningly strong for Palin .
At CBS , on the other hand , the instant poll of " uncommitted " voters showed 2 - to - 1 reporting that Biden won .
Once again , we need to integrate newsrooms politically to get truly balanced reporting .
By the way , I thought that , by conventional measures , Biden won the first third fairly clearly , while Palin was even or ahead in the last two thirds of the debate .
If I had to pick an overall winner , I would lean slightly toward Biden , though Palin exceeded expectations more clearly than Biden .
So if pundits ' evaluation of the first presidential debate as a near - tie was spun as a win for Obama , then if pundits end up evaluating the vice presidential debate as a near - tie should that be spun as a win for Palin ?
Or should we stop declaring a winner at all and talk more about what we 've learned ?
Perhaps if Sarah Palin does not drool and fall unconscious during the debate , the media will credit her with a good performance .
Then again , maybe not .
Then again , maybe she will babble incoherently with ridiculous bromides that do n’t make sense , which is what happened in the few interviews she has given .
McCain should have chosen Tina Fey for vice president .
What is truly amazing is that Fey 's brilliant spoofs of Palin use her exact words as comedy .
John McCain made the blunder of the century picking someone he did not even know , whose knowledge base falls below that of freshman members of Congress on simple issues , let alone hard issues .
Her mumbling and bumbling about how her national security experience with Alaska close to Russia was weird , incoherent and ridiculous .
Her mumbling and bumbling about the economic crisis was a jumble of clichés and talking points that did n't fit together or make even minimal sense .
She sounded like the village idiot , even on 100 percent predictable and easy questions .
To be devastated by Katie Couric is ridiculous .
My biggest concern is her repeated lie that she killed the Bridge to Nowhere when it is now documented , with proof positive , from every source , that her claim is , indeed , a lie .
It is alarming that anyone who could succeed to the presidency would have such contempt for the truth , and for voters , that she keeps repeating a proven , demonstrable lie .
Just what America needs in a president , right ?
Palin's false claims about earmarks , Palin 's extreme abuse of power in Alaska followed by Nixon - like claims of executive privilege and Rove - like vendettas and cover-ups make her a walking parody of Dick Cheney .
The Sarah Palin choice was a fiasco , a mega - disaster , rapidly turning into a farce .
This person is so manifestly unqualified and so obviously ignorant even on major issues that have been on the front page for years , that it is nothing short of alarming that she could succeed to the presidency .
Of course , the lunatic right - wing base of the Republican Party adores her , but for everyone else , from independent voters to Reagan Democrats , from high - level Republicans to a growing list of conservative commentators , the Palin choice was a ridiculous farce and a genuine danger to the nation .
John McCain increasingly looks like an angry , emotional , hyper - partisan and reckless gambler who could be even more dangerous than George Bush as president .
His ridiculous intervention in the bailout talks was a farce .
His claiming credit for the bill passing at the moment it was being defeated was comic opera .
His choice of Sarah Palin was a farce for his campaign and an insult to men and women alike .
[ Please crosspost your comments to The Hill , where this blog entry also apppears . ]
_______
About author Brent Budowsky served as Legislative Assistant to U.S. Senator Lloyd Bentsen , responsible for commerce and intelligence matters , including one of the core drafters of the CIA Identities Law .
Served as Legislative Director to Congressman Bill Alexander , then Chief Deputy Whip , House of Representatives .
Currently a member of the International Advisory Council of the Intelligence Summit .
Left goverment in 1990 for marketing and public affairs business including major corporate entertainment and talent management .
He can be reached at Brent Budowsky served as Legislative Assistant to U.S. Senator Lloyd Bentsen , responsible for commerce and intelligence matters , including one of the core drafters of the CIA Identities Law .
Served as Legislative Director to Congressman Bill Alexander , then Chief Deputy Whip , House of Representatives .
Currently a member of the International Advisory Council of the Intelligence Summit .
Left goverment in 1990 for marketing and public affairs business including major corporate entertainment and talent management .
He can be reached at brentbbi@webtv.net
What happens when corporations stop greenwashing … and start being real ?
MTV wants to find out .
The NYC - based network just launched a global marketing push to tackle climate change with TV ads attacking those guilty of greenwashing .
All of this is part of their youth - targeted climate change initiative called MTV Switch .
The launch includes not only TV ads , but also a series of five short films .
With the short films , the network will expose greenwashing to half a billion MTV viewers from around the world .
The short films urge corporations and young people to move towards a greener lifestyle .
One TV ad , created by ad agency 180 Amsterdam , features an animated character singing a “ green song ” .
“ The MTV Green Song simply asks you to do your bit for the environment by switching off your lights , computers and TV sets , ” said the 180 Amsterdam creative director , Sean Thompson .
The short film series will appear on Switch ’s sister site Element .
It will be pioneered by five young innovators seeking to fight the climate crisis with their videos .
“ In Element , we ’ve worked to confront both the skeptics who think that climate change is just too big to tackle — and those who hope that just changing their light bulbs is enough , ” said Mark Harvey , Internews Europe ’s Head of Development , who with Emily McDowell is the co-founder and co-producer of Element .
He added , “ Our five characters are from a new generation of climate activists who will connect with young people looking for those who embody lifestyle change , rather than preach about it . ”
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/Bg0QminAPMM&color1=0xb1b1b1&color2=0xcfcfcf&hl=en&fs=1]
Image source MTV Switch
A player can feel it during a game when they hit a game - changing home run or when they go 0 for 4 at the plate .
A team can feel it when they come back from a deficit late in the game or when their lead in the division vanishes .
A fan can feel it as their team " catches fire " or goes " as cold as ice " .
And , play - by - play announcers love to talk about it .
We know it as the " Big Mo " , the " Hot Hand " , and being " In The Zone " while the psychologists call it Psychological Momentum .
But , does it really exist ?
Is it just a temporary shift in confidence and mood or does it actually change the outcome of a game or a season ?
As expected , there are lots of opinions available .
The Oxford Dictionary of Sports Science defines psychological momentum as , " the positive or negative change in cognition , affect , physiology , and behavior caused by an event or series of events that affects either the perceptions of the competitors or , perhaps , the quality of performance and the outcome of the competition .
Positive momentum is associated with periods of competition , such as a winning streak , in which everything seems to ‘ go right ’ for the competitors .
In contrast , negative momentum is associated with periods , such as a losing streak , when everything seems to ‘ go wrong ’ . "
The interesting phrase in this definition is that Psychological Momentum ( PM ) " affects either the perceptions of the competitors or , perhaps , the quality of performance and the outcome of the competition . "
Most of the analyses on PM focus on the quantitative side to try to prove or disprove PM 's affect on individual stats or team wins and losses .
Regarding PM in baseball , a Wall St. Journal article looked at last year 's MLB playoffs , only to conclude there was no affect on postseason play coming from team momentum at the end of the regular season .
More recently , Another Cubs Blog also looked at momentum into this year 's playoffs including opinion from baseball stats guru , Bill James , another PM buster .
For basketball , Thomas Gilovich 's 1985 research into streaky , " hot hand " NBA shooting is the foundation for most of today 's arguments against the existence of PM , or at least its affect on outcomes .
This view that if we can't see it in the numbers , more than would be expected , then PM does not exist may not capture the whole picture .
Lee Crust and Mark Nesti have recommended that researchers look at psychological momentum more from the qualitative side .
Maybe there are more subjective measures of athlete or team confidence that contribute to success that do n't show up in individual stats or account for teams wins and losses .
As Jeff Greenwald put it in his article , Riding the Wave of Momentum , " The reason momentum is so powerful is because of the heightened sense of confidence it gives us -- the most important aspect of peak performance .
There is a term in sport psychology known as self - efficacy , which is simply a player 's belief in his / her ability to perform a specific task or shot .
Typically , a player ’s success depends on this efficacy .
During a momentum shift , self - efficacy is very high and players have immediate proof their ability matches the challenge .
As stated earlier , they then experience subsequent increases in energy and motivation , and gain a feeling of control .
In addition , during a positive momentum shift , a player ’s self - image also changes .
He / she feels invincible and this takes the " performer self " to a higher level . "
There would seem to be three distinct areas of focus for PM ; an individual 's performance within a game , a team 's performance within a game and a team 's performance across a series of games .
So , what are the relationships between these three scenarios ?
Does one player 's scoring streak or key play lift the team 's PM , or does a close , hard - fought team win rally the players ' morale and confidence for the next game ?
Seeing the need for a conceptual framework to cover all of these bases , Jim Taylor and Andrew Demick created their Multidimensional Model of Momentum in Sports , which is still the most widely cited model for PM .
Their definition of PM , " a positive or negative change in cognition , affect , physiology , and behavior caused by an event or series of events that will result in a commensurate shift in performance and competitive outcome " , leads to the six key elements to what they call the " momentum chain " .
First , momentum shifts begin with a " precipitating event " , like an interception or fumble recovery in football or a dramatic 3 - point shot in basketball .
The effect that this event has on each athlete varies depending on their own perception of the game situation , their self - confidence and level of self - efficacy to control the situation .
Second , this event leads to " changes in cognition , physiology , and affect . "
Again , depending on the athlete , his or her base confidence will determine how strongly they react to the events , to the point of having physiological changes like tightness and panic in negative situations or a feeling of renewed energy after positive events .
Third , a " change in behavior " would come from all of these internal perceptions .
Coaches and fans would be able to see real changes in the style of play from the players as they react to the positive or negative momentum chain .
Fourth , the next logical step after behavior changes is to notice a " change in performance . "
Taylor and Demick note that momentum is the exception not the norm during a game .
Without the precipitating event , there should not be noticeable momentum shifts .
Fifth , for sports with head to head competition , momentum is a two - way street and needs a " contiguous and opposing change for the opponent . "
So , if after a goal , the attacking team celebrates some increased PM , but the defending team does not experience an equal negative PM , then the immediate flow of the game should remain the same .
Its only when the balance of momentum shifts from one team to the other .
Levels of experience in athletes has been shown to mitigate the effects of momentum , as veteran players can handle the ups and downs of a game better than novices .
Finally , at the end of the chain , if momentum makes it that far , there should be an immediate outcome change .
When the pressure of a precipitating event occurs against a team , the players may begin to get out of their normal , confident flow and start to overanalyze their own performance and skills .
We saw this in Dr. Sian Beilock 's research in our article , Putt With Your Brain - Part 2 .
As an athlete 's skills improve they do n't need to consciously focus on them during a game .
But pressure brought on by a negative event can take them out of this " automatic " mode as they start to focus on their mechanics to fix or reverse the problem .
As Patrick Cohn , a sport psychologist , pointed out in a recent USA Today article on momentum , " You stop playing the game you played to be in that position .
And the moment you switch to trying not to screw up , you go from a very offensive mind - set to a very defensive mind - set .
If you 're focusing too much on the outcome , it 's difficult to play freely .
And now they 're worried more about the consequences and what 's going to happen than what they need to do right now . "
There is no doubt that we will continue to hear references to momentum swings during games .
When you do , you can conduct your own mini experiment and watch the reactions of the players and the teams over the next section of the game to see if that " precipitating event " actually leads to a game - changing moment .
I ’d love to have a shirt that says , “ Nice try , Diaper Guy . ”
But I think I ’m the only one .
And right behind xkcd , Cyanide and Happiness was the second most requested webcomic for a What if …?
strip .
I love Cyanide and Happiness .
Granted the comic is not family friendly ( unless you ’re talking about the Manson Family ) , but it is clever .
And you never really know where they will go next either .
Especially since four different guys create the comics and seem that their only intentions are to make each other laugh .
Which really works for them .
That ’s how the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles were created after all .
Neither of the comics this week appeared at right at midnight EST .
But both of them did come out on the days they were supposed to .
It ’s progress .
I ’m getting better .
Give me a little more time and it will all be in sync .
Until Monday …
ZANESVILLE , Ohio ( Reuters ) - Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama promised a more active approach to faith - based social programs on Tuesday in a bid to bolster his support among evangelical and religious voters .
Obama visited a community ministry in a conservative region of the election battleground state of Ohio to unveil a plan to reinvigorate faith - based community programs first pioneered by President George W. Bush .
The Illinois senator , who will face Republican John McCain in November ’s presidential election , said he would put more money and emphasis on strengthening the link between government and community faith programs .
“ The fact is , the challenges we face today -- from saving our planet to ending poverty -- are simply too big for government to solve alone , ” Obama said .
“ We need an all - hands - on - deck approach . ”
McCain and Obama are gearing up for a pitched battle for evangelical support in November ’s election .
Neither candidate has inspired strong enthusiasm in the religious community , normally a core Republican bloc .
Most polls show McCain beating Obama by 3 - to - 1 or more among evangelicals , but Obama hopes to do better among the group than Democrat John Kerry did in 2004 , when Bush won four of every five evangelicals .
Obama has been hindered by the controversy about the incendiary comments of his former pastor , the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , and by false Internet rumors that he is a Muslim , as well as Internet whisper campaigns about his patriotism .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
But Obama hopes growing concerns among evangelicals about issues like global warming and poverty , and unhappiness with the war and the leadership of Bush and Republicans , give him an opening to court an electorate that accounted for more than 20 percent of voters in 2004 .
“ I want this to be central to our White House mission , ” he told reporters in Zanesville .
Obama , who stressed his religious faith during the 16 - month nominating battle with Democratic rival Hillary Clinton , said he learned early on as a community organizer in Chicago the value of acting on his faith .
“ I came to see my faith as being both a personal commitment to Christ and a commitment to my community -- while I could sit in church and pray all I want , I would n’t be fulfilling God ’s will unless I went out and did the Lord ’s work , ” he said .
Obama said the office of Faith - Based and Community Initiatives set up by Bush as part of his “ compassionate conservative ” agenda never lived up to its early promise and social service programs for the poor had been underfunded .
He proposed a new Council for Faith - based and Neighborhood Partnerships to reinvigorate the effort .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
“ The new name will reflect a new commitment , ” he said after a tour of a ministry that provides food , clothing and services for the needy in Zanesville .
His proposal would launch a training program to offer instruction to community faith - based organizations on how to teach smaller groups to take advantage of government programs , and he would provide new summer opportunities for up to 1 million children .
The new summer learning program would cost $ 500 million a year -- financed by cutting wasteful spending in federal procurement and management .
He stressed that recipients of government funds in the program would be prohibited from discrimination on religious grounds in hiring and from proselytizing with public funds , and the money could only be directed to nonreligious programs .
“ I believe deeply in the separation of church and state , but I do n’t believe this partnership will endanger that idea , ” Obama said .
Obama begins a three - day campaign swing to the West on Wednesday , visiting Colorado , North Dakota and winding up in Montana on the July 4th Independence Day holiday .
( Editing by David Wiessler )
In 2003 , in the aftermath of 9/11 , the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) was placed under the Department of Homeland Security .
The disastrous aftermath of Hurricane Katrina two years later marked the first test of the new FEMA , and there is widespread agreement that the agency utterly failed .
Much of the tragedy following Katrina was exacerbated by or would not have occurred at all had FEMA not displayed gross incompetence , in stark contrast with private , voluntary efforts .
I have detailed these differences and their implications in “ Public and Private Responses to Katrina , What Can We Learn ? ” , and further insight is provided in “ The Long Road Back : Signal Noise in the Post - Katrina Context , ” by Emily Chamlee - Wright ( The Independent Review , Fall 2007 ) .
Of course , precious few government agencies are ever shut down for failure — each is instead almost always , and generally significantly , expanded .
In the case of FEMA , the extent and danger of this expansion is only now coming to light , in the aftermath of the first significant hurricanes since Katrina , Gustav and Ike this year .
Apparently , since private charities have been repeatedly shown to be so effective , FEMA has now chosen to avoid the embarrassment and simply eliminate the competition .
Unlike Katrina , which was a media bonanza , FEMA took inordinate control of media access following Gustav and Ike , greatly diminishing awareness among Americans of the true extent of the aid needed in the affected areas .
In fact , significant aid is needed and is being provided by the traditional responders to such disasters such as The Salvation Army and Red Cross .
Yet the viability of these agencies — which have been efficiently and effectively providing disaster relief since the 19th century — is now threatened by FEMA ’s deliberate move to de-fund those life - saving private charities that have been so effective through the establishment of its own agency , the Aidmatrix Foundation , to intercept disaster relief contributions from private donors and divert them to government efforts .
The Salvation Army first became aware of these efforts during the Republican National Convention , when word came that Cindy McCain and Laura Bush were going to make a joint appeal for donations for hurricane relief .
Salvation Army personnel quickly made calls to make sure the Salvation Army would be among the agencies listed , and received assurances it would be .
During the event however , the screen behind Mrs. McCain and Mrs. Bush during their appeal , directed concerned viewers wanting to assist hurricane victims instead to Aidmatrix ’s toll - free phone number , four state government websites ( www.servealabama.gov; www.floridadisasterfund.org; www.mississippirelief.com; and www.texasresponds.org), and Aidmatrix ’s own website .
Each of these state websites in turn links to Aidmatrix ’s site for making contributions .
The Aidmatrix Foundation was created by FEMA , and FEMA and 27 states have in turn signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Aidmatrix , designating it as the approved solicitor for disaster relief contributions .
While claiming that Aidmatrix only targets “ unaffiliated ” donors , in practice , Aidmatrix has broken the traditional link between private donors and private charity , by diverting those seeking to provide contributions in aid of victims of natural disasters to FEMA ’s Aidmatrix site .
The flow of money out of Aidmatrix is completely intransparent , and will , by definition , be determined politically by inside interest groups .
In the case of the aforementioned Gustav appeal , for example , websites for the four states ruled by Republican governors were displayed on the convention ’s screens ; relief for the one state ruled by a Democrat — Louisiana — was referred directly to Aidmatrix ’s site .
And the resulting influx of funds can only provide attendant political benefits to those Republican governors .
And thus , the politicization of charitable disaster relief .
Meanwhile , the impact to The Salvation Army and others has been dramatic :
The Salvation Army received $ 399 million in private contributions for the relief it provided following Katrina
It has received $ 1/2 million following Ike .
The Red Cross has been similarly severely impacted , and last week asked Congress for $ 150 million in emergency funding to replenish its disaster relief reserves .
Paul C. Light , a professor of nonprofit groups and the federal bureaucracy at New York University , warns that by so doing the Red Cross risks blurring its status as an independent charity , resulting in its being seen as a quasi - governmental organization .
Light further predicts that “ if the Red Cross takes federal money , it will effectively become a ‘ de facto arm of the federal government , ’ which could make donors skeptical and less likely to contribute . ”
As experience has shown time and again , government money drives out private money , and government agencies drive out competing private agencies .
People quickly and easily forget that things used to be different , and it will soon be commonplace to accept that , “ of course , ” it ’s the federal government ’s responsibility to provide disaster relief , just as it ’s allegedly responsible for bailing out investment banks .
The displacement of committed , experienced and proven - effective voluntary disaster responders with unaccountable , expensive and proven - incompetent bureaucrats bodes ill .
FEMA ’s power grab of the disaster relief sector will predictably result in many more Congressional investigations into FEMA ’s future failures , and the cry for greater and greater amounts of taxpayer money to achieve results falling farther and farther short of those historically provided by the Red Cross , The Salvation Army , and countless other voluntary associations and charities .
Do n’t miss out !
Sign up for
wikiHow ’s newsletter
char buffer [ 6 ]
pre attack : post attack : | argument 2 | | argument 2 | | argument 1 | | argument 1 | | return address | | buffer address | | saved ebp | <-- ebp points here --> | filler | | random stuff | | filler | | more random | | filler | | b | | filler | | u | | filler | | f | | machine | | f | | code | | e | | to | | r | <-- buffer points here -->| exploit | | more junk | <-- esp points here --> | more junk |
The buffer overflow attack has long been one of the most common vulnerabilities exploit ed to gain access to or control of a system .
The standard form , explained very well in destrius ' writeup at that node ( read it first ) , has the attacker submit as input a string consisting of machine code at the beginning and the address at which the machine code is stored at the end , such that this address overwrites the return address stored at the top of the stack frame ; this way , when the function returns , it actually jumps to the beginning of the buffer , executing the ( arbitrary ) machine code that the attacker placed there .
Usually this is code to execute a shell .
Pictorially , where each line represents four bytes , and the function declaressomewhere :
Note that addresses grow up , but the stack grows down .
Now , when the function returns , it returns to the address of buffer , which contains machine code that starts a shell or whatever .
The thing is , in most programs , code and data ( i.e. , the stack ) are kept in totally different places .
Recognizing this , CPU designers added the capability to mark parts of memory as NX , or non-executable .
The idea is , mark the parts of memory that contain the stack as NX , and then when someone tries a buffer - overflow attack , the system refuses to execute the injected machine code .
And this is where a return - to - libc attack comes in .
libc is the standard C library , which contains functions like printf ( ) , or , more to the point here , system ( ) .
Obviously , libc can't be marked NX ( it contains functions , that are meant to be executed ) .
The system ( ) function takes one argument , a string that refers to an executable file , and executes it in a new process .
It returns when the process completes .
So now , we just change our attack to overwrite the return address to the address of system ( ) , and somehow pass it a string that looks like " / bin/bash " !
Pictorially , again :
pre attack : post attack : | argument 2 | | pointer to string | | argument 1 | | filler2 | | return address | | address of system ( ) | | saved ebp | <-- ebp points here --> | filler1 | | random stuff | | filler | | more random | | filler | | b | | filler | | u | | filler | | f | | filler | | f | | filler | | e | | filler | | r | <-- buffer points here -->| filler | | more junk | <-- esp points here --> | more junk |
ebp
esp
| pointer to string | | filler2 | | address of system ( ) | | filler1 | <-- ebp and esp both point here
ebp
ebp
| pointer to string | | filler2 | | address of system ( ) | <-- esp points here
ebp
filler1
ret
| pointer to string | | filler2 | <-- esp points here
system ( )
esp
ebp
Let 's delve into a little detail of what happens here .
The last few instruction s of the function are always the same .
First , we moveintoThen , we pop the " saved " back intoNowpoints to , off in neverland .
Then we execute , which essentially pops the address off the top of the stack into the instruction pointer
Now we 're executing at the top of , which expects the value at the top of the stack to be the return address from which it was called , and the value above that to be the first argument , i.e. the address of a string we want it to execute .
Now it movesintoand starts executing .
Perfect .
To the Editor :
Re “ In - Flight Plight of a Famished Vegan ” ( “ Frequent Flier ” column , Business Day , Sept. 9 ) :
As a dietitian who travels often , I know how challenging finding a healthful vegetarian meal in an airport can be .
Unhealthy airport food is a nuisance for vegetarians and vegans , but it affects all exhausted travelers seeking nutritious meals to help them make it to their destinations .
Many scientific studies have demonstrated the wide - ranging health benefits of a plant - based diet  lower blood pressure and cholesterol and less risk of obesity , heart disease , diabetes and several cancers .
Image Credit ...
Aya Kakeda
As a growing number of Americans are discovering the advantages of a meatless diet , the demand for vegetarian and vegan food in airports is on the rise .
Biden denies report : ' No one 's talking about pursuing Bush criminally ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday September 4 , 2008
Print This Email This
The possibility that Barack Obama might seek to bring criminal charges against President Bush or members of his administration has been a recurring theme during the presidential campaign , especially since the Obama campaign has attempted to stress themes of bipartisanship .
For that reason , Democrats have been quick to downplay any hints of possible criminal prosecutions .
Sen .
Joe Biden aroused fresh speculations on Wednesday , when he suggested , " If there has been a basis upon which you can pursue someone for a criminal violation , they will be pursued , not out of vengeance , not out of retribution , out of the need to preserve the notion that no one , no attorney general , no president -- no one is above the law . "
Brian Kilmeade of Fox & Friends raised that issue with Biden on Thursday morning , asking about " a report that if you guys are elected ... you 're actually going to pursue criminal charges against President Bush 's administration and different people that served there . "
" That 's not true , " Biden immediately replied .
" I do n't know where that report 's coming from .
What is true is the United States Congress is trying to preserve records on questions that relate to whether or not the law has been violated by anyone .
Anybody should be doing that . "
Biden emphasized that " no one 's talking about President Bush .
... I 've never heard anybody mention President Bush in that context . "
He noted that " there 's been an awful lot of unsavory stuff that 's gone on ... but I have no evidence of any of that .
No one 's talking about pursuing President Bush criminally . "
Biden concluded his comments by explaining that possible misdeeds are
" being looked into now , just so it never happens again in any other administration .
...
The Obama - Biden administration is not going to start off saying , ' God , let 's go take a look at what this --.'
The American people want to know what we 're going to do , not what happened . "
Biden was also lavish in his praise for Sarah Palin 's speech at the Republican National Convention on Wednesday night , saying , " The governor was impressive .
She was strong , she was tough , and she delivered that speech extremely well .
... I think it 's going to be a tough debate .
I think she 's going to be an incredibly skillful debater .
I was impressed . "
" I'm not going to attack her , " Biden emphasized .
" You look at that family that she brought out last night .
It was a beautiful family .
...
Every family has difficulty as they 're raising their children .
... I think she has a fine family . "
Asked if some of the criticism aimed at Palin has been sexist , Biden said , " Yes , by you guys in the media . "
He then went on to insist that it " is sexist to imply a woman is incapable of being a mother and being a great leader . "
This video is from Fox 's Fox & Friends , broadcast September 4 , 2008 .
Download video
Mr. McCain has voiced support for this research , but he now adds that he hopes it will soon be unnecessary to use these cells .
In his response to the Science Debate 2008 questionnaire , at sciencedebate2008.com , Mr. McCain said the nation should refuse “ to sacrifice moral values and ethical principles for scientific progress . ”
Mr. McCain ’s campaign did not respond to repeated requests for information .
According to the journal Science , he has “ no formal structure ” for seeking science advice .
It reports that Douglas Holtz - Eakin , a former economic adviser and head of the Congressional Budget Office under Mr. Bush , serves as Mr. McCain ’s “ point man ” on science , having been in touch with experts on climate , space and “ science in general . ”
On the other hand , Mr. Obama established a science advisory committee led by Dr. Harold Varmus , a Nobel laureate who is president of the Memorial - Sloan Kettering Cancer Center .
Dr. Varmus said the group ’s leaders communicated almost daily with the campaign ’s policy leaders .
And this month , the campaign announced that 61 American Nobel laureates in science had endorsed Mr. Obama .
( When Martin Chalfie , a Columbia biologist , learned last week that he had won the Nobel Prize in chemistry , he said one of the first things he did was to call one of the 61 to ask how to add his name to the list . )
Dr. Varmus acknowledged that finding the money to pay for the Obama innovation agenda “ is not an easy question . ”
But he said Mr. Obama would focus on federal spending on high priority areas “ and among the things he mentioned as being central to economic recovery are science and technology . ”
Experts agree that the immediacy of the financial crisis is overshadowing the innovation debate and predict little headway until a new president has settled into office and confronts budgetary realities .
“ The problem , ” said Mr. Boehlert , the former chairman of the House science committee , who left Congress last year , “ is that it takes an immediate investment that wo n’t pay immediate dividends , and people are looking for an instant fix . ”
古人云 ： “ 宅以門戶爲冠帶 ” 。“ 門當戶對、門庭若市、門第之見、利於跳龍門，說的都是關於門的俗語和傳說，演繹出五彩斑斕的民俗文化，門不但是身份的象徵，亦是身心寄託之所。開門、美好江山盡收眼底，閉門，喧囂煩惱至於身後，盡顯家的溫馨幸福。
ACCRA ( Reuters ) -
Up to a quarter of fish in stores and restaurants in New York City was mislabeled as a more expensive variety , according to samples collected by two U.S. teenagers and tested with modern genetic identification methods .
Fish sits for sale at the Fulton Fish Market in New York November 10 , 2005 .
REUTERS / Keith Bedford
In the worst cases , two samples of filleted fish sold as red snapper , caught mostly off the southeast United States and in the Caribbean , were instead the endangered Acadian redfish from the North Atlantic , according to the tests , revealed on Friday .
“ We never expected these results .
People should get what they pay for , ” Kate Stoeckle , 18 , told Reuters of the project with Louisa Strauss , 17 .
The two classmates from New York ’s Trinity school collected and sent off 60 fish samples to the University of Guelph in Canada .
Of 56 samples that could be identified by a four - year - old DNA identification technique , 14 were mislabeled .
In all cases , the fish was labeled as a more costly type , apparently ruling out simple chance .
It was the first known student use of DNA barcoding technology in a public market .
“ We really like sushi and we ’d take home fish samples and put them in alcohol , ” Stoeckle said of fish bought in shops and restaurants in Upper Manhattan .
Stoeckle ’s father Mark is an expert in genetic barcoding -- a system that produces a unique readout of a species ’ genes similar to the black and white barcode stripes often used to identify items sold in shops .
“ Americans spend an estimated $ 70 billion per year on seafood and we think authorities should do routine DNA barcoding of fish , ” Louisa Strauss said in a statement .
Costs of barcoding run to tens of dollars per sample .
The DNA of fish from a sushi restaurant called “ white tuna ” turned out to be Mozambique tilapia , a cheaper variety often raised on fish farms .
One restaurant offered “ Mediterranean red mullet ” but the DNA matched spotted goatfish from the Caribbean .
The project did not give the names of the restaurants and shops since it was unclear if they were knowingly to blame or had been deceived by suppliers .
STOCKS
The findings raise questions about the management of fish stocks , under pressure from overfishing and facing new threats such as climate change .
About 160 nations are meeting in Accra , Ghana , this week to discuss ways to combat global warming .
“ It bears on a number of issues -- food safety , fraud and protection of endangered species , ” said Bob Hanner of Guelph , who oversaw the analysis of samples .
Other imports , such as meat , could also benefit from DNA checks .
Scientists have catalogued barcodes for about 46,000 animal species so far ( www.barcodinglife.org).
The barcoders are looking to raise $ 150 million to create 5 million records from 500,000 animal species by 2014 -- or a cost of $ 30 each .
( Fortune Small Business ) --
At Nittany Embroidery & Screenprinting in State College , Pa. , the employee - appraisal process was in tatters .
To determine raises and bonuses for her 35 workers , CEO Erin O'Leary - Rallis relied on scribbled Post - it notes , hazy memories , and self - promoting testimonials from the employees .
Like most entrepreneurs , O'Leary - Rallis was not an HR specialist .
She preferred to focus on creating new designs and drumming up business for her sportswear and customized - apparel company , which posted sales of around $ 3 million last year .
" I was n't really prepared for employee evaluations , and I did n't have a hard - and - fast way of performing them , " she says .
Usually , they would be conducted only when the employee asked for one - giving bonus - hungry workers the upper hand .
Too often she overpaid slackers and neglected star workers .
Instead of hiring an HR manager , the budget - conscious O'Leary - Rallis , 40 , went hunting for a cheaper solution : talent - management software that helps do the job at a fraction of the cost in executive time and energy .
Long popular with deep - pocketed corporations , talent - management software is now helping many small businesses automate the hard work of HR by keeping track of whether employees have met their goals and by even calculating the amount of compensation they deserve .
Naturally the idea of being managed by software makes some employees wary .
But in most corporate settings it beats the alternative .
" Paper - based performance appraisals are not a very comfortable process , " says Lisa Rowan , an HR analyst at IDC , a market - intelligence firm .
" So technology that can improve talent management has been welcomed with open arms . "
O'Leary - Rallis sifted through some 20 software vendors that offer talent - management products , including Authoria , Halogen Software , Softscape , Taleo ( TLEO ) , Workscape , and Workstream ( WSTM ) .
But it was Success Factors ( SFSF ) , a web - based application from a company of the same name in San Mateo , Calif. , that proved a perfect fit for Nittany .
Unlike its rivals , Success Factors aimed its product squarely at companies with fewer than 500 employees .
It had the cheapest offering and was one of only two services to be entirely web - based ( Taleo being the other ) .
That meant Nittany 's IT manager did n't have to spend any time or money hosting the service .
SuccessFactors is designed to look and feel like an e-mail application , but Nittany 's managers found it harder to master than that description might suggest .
It took six lengthy sessions on the phone with a Success Factors representative before Nittany 's senior managers were up to speed on the system - far longer than O'Leary - Rallis anticipated .
( Success Factors did not charge for the training . )
Here 's how the system works :
All Nittany employees have access to their own Success Factors in - box , which charts progress toward predefined goals .
A member of the art department , say , can log on to Success Factors to see how many new embroidery designs she is expected to churn out in any given month - and note when she finishes one .
Each goal is worth a certain number of points , as are peer reviews and managerial appraisals .
At review time , the points help determine the raise and bonus the employee gets .
Success Factors does the math , based on the total number of points and the budget available .
Employers can tweak the system to give , say , less weight to peer reviews .
O'Leary - Rallis saw immediate results .
She was able to identify a lethargic employee who had long flown under the radar .
He was perfectly affable , and O'Leary - Rallis had previously struggled to put her finger on exactly why he was n't measuring up as a team player .
Using SuccessFactors ' metrics , " there 's less wiggle room in terms of accountability , " O'Leary - Rallis says .
She and the employee agreed to part ways , allowing the company to reinvest his $ 25,000 salary in a more productive replacement .
Strong performers had also been suffering .
One worker had n't received a single raise in her 18 months with the company .
A formal review using Success Factors , however , showed her to be one of the company 's top performers .
The star employee got an immediate $ 3,000 annual salary bump and a $ 2,000 bonus .
" She had become an integral part of our organization , " O'Leary - Rallis says .
" Replacing her would have taken a lot of my time finding and training a suitable candidate . "
Praise for the new system was hardly unanimous .
Setting it up required much time - consuming data entry - reviewing peers , setting goals , tracking achievements - with little immediate reward .
" I had one employee tell me we were putting too much thought into these things , " says Alfred Bumbarger , Nittany 's plant manager .
But the return on investment was clear .
Nittany still has no HR manager , a position that would have cost O'Leary - Rallis a minimum of $ 12,000 a year if she had hired someone part - time .
Success Factors costs her $ 75 an employee per year , producing annual savings of at least $ 10,000 .
The productivity benefits start with O'Leary - Rallis herself :
She says the system has cut the time she spends on job coaching by nearly 30 % .
Even for companies with HR professionals , a talent - management solution can ease the burden .
Accounting firm Clark Nuber , based in Bellevue , Wash. , deployed Halogen Software 's talent - management suite three years ago , after CEO David Katri realized his paper - based appraisal process was " going to strangle us to death . "
Previously Excel spreadsheets had been passed around to as many as ten team members for evaluation of a single employee .
The answers then had to be compiled manually and entered into a new spreadsheet .
Halogen 's Multi-Rater feature solicits feedback from its employees via e-mail .
It then incorporates these responses into a web - based appraisal system .
Result : Clark Nuber 's HR team saves about 170 hours annually on administrative tasks - or a total of $ 14,000 a year on an investment of $ 4,800 .
Such savings may not impress the average employee .
But back at Nittany , at least , all workers are now onboard with the new system .
Even the dissenting employee decided that her work would be more fairly compensated with the help of software rather than by human managers alone .
Score one for the machines .
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
Anti-choicers insist that abortion providers like Planned Parenthood get into the business because it 's profitable .
Never mind that Planned Parenthood does more to reduce the abortion rate by providing education and contraception than anything anti-choicers do .
The process of mainstreaming
insane right wing ideas has been well documented .
Start with
an idea generated by fringe crazies in their fringe crazy spaces .
It gets picked up by other conservative media sources that become increasingly
more respectable , places that use good grammar and multi-syllabic words
and have editorial staff that get invited to the right cocktail parties .
Soon the bogus idea gets on Fox TV and the Wall Street Journal , and then it ’s
picked up on MSNBC and CNN and the New York Times and becomes part of
the mainstream wisdom .
This is how racist code words like " states ’
rights " and " law and order " become part of the mainstream dialogue ,
and how the myth of the liberal media was invented .
Anti-choice
ideas move into the mainstream like this all the time .
Think about
abstinence - only education .
It ’s an idea cooked up by half - witted religious
fanatics who would ultimately like to ban contraception , but through this process of refining
and mainstreaming the idea , they turned it into a cash cow worth billions .
One idea generated by the right
wing fringe that has n’t found traction in the mainstream is the claim that at there ’s
such thing as an " abortion industry . "
This belief is one of the more laughable fantasies the organized anti-choice movement has — that abortion providers , especially non-profits like Planned
Parenthood , get into the business because it ’s
uniquely profitable .
Never mind that abortions are one of the
cheaper outpatient surgeries out there , in no small part because most
doctors who provide them are ideologically committed to women ’s rights
and try to keep the prices reasonable .
Never mind that most abortion
providers struggle to keep their patients from coming back for another
abortion by providing counseling on contraception .
Never mind
that Planned Parenthood does more to reduce the abortion rate by providing
education and contraception than anything anti-choicers do .
Never mind that Planned Parenthood
is a non-profit .
Never mind that there ’s a lot more money
in delivering babies than providing abortions .
Never mind that
there are other fields of medicine to go into that not only pay better
but come without the strings attached of stigma and abuse from anti-choice
protesters .
They believe that abortion providers are captains of a profitable industry because they have
to believe it .
Without that myth , anti-choicers would have to
face up to the fact that they are interfering with the medical care
of ordinary people , torturing medical professionals who dedicate their lives to
helping others , and adding pain and misery to the lives of people
who already have enough of their plates .
In other words , they ’d
have to face up to the fact that they ’re objectively nasty people .
So they make up stories about their victims to justify their behavior .
Still , the fantasy of the " abortion
industry " has long been a quaint rationalization used by only the ugliest misogynists ,
and not something to worry about on a policy level .
Until
recently , when the Wall Street Journal ran a story about Planned Parenthood rebranding itself as a provider of services and goods to middle class communities .
To reasonable people , the story
is classic liberal do - gooderism .
According to Medical News Today : Sex . Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE Officials from a Massachusetts
affiliate said they will use profits from an express center in a " trendy
retail plaza catering to college students " to help to open a similar
clinic in a low - income , largely Latino community , the Journal reports …..
According to the Journal ,
the strategy is increasing revenue for some clinics , which make a profit
of about $ 22 on each pack of birth control pills sold to clients who
can afford to pay the full price .
The profit is used to subsidize other
activities , such as providing health care for low - income people or sex
education for teenagers , in addition to political activities .
The strategy is not about making money for its own sake , but about increasing the revenue
pouring into lower income communities .
In addition , women in middle class communities are often unable to pay
full price for their reproductive health care , and could use the structured
pricing offered by Planned Parenthood .
Middle class people , especially
women , often go through periods of being broke where a discount on reproductive
health services could make a world of difference for getting them back
on their feet .
Anyone else remember Ramen noodles in your college
years ?
But of course , the agents who
take crazy right wing ideas , put some lipstick on those pigs and present
them to the public saw this as an opportunity to popularize the idea
that Planned Parenthood has too much money .
Kathryn Jean Lopez
of the National Review argued that Planned Parenthood has a " surplus "
and should be punished for it by being cut off from federal funds .
She ’s being dishonest , of
course , because that ’s mandatory in anti-choice rants , no matter how
grammatically sound and laden with reasonable - sounding vocabulary .
There ’s no such thing as a " surplus " if there ’s still people
to educate and low income communities to tend to , which there are .
In fact , the reason for the rebranding is precisely to guard against
financial losses , to redirect money from middle class communities into
services for the underprivileged .
Moreover , she ’s buying into
the larger lie about Planned Parenthood being " pro-abortion , " when
they do more than any other organization in the country to prevent abortion ,
using methods that are effective .
But still , it ’s frightening .
This is how crazy right wing ideas get mainstreamed .
Lopez is
taking a self - evidently stupid belief ( that Planned Parenthood , a non-profit ,
is part of a capitalist cabal to strike it rich with fetal tissue ) and
finessed it into what ’s still a turd , but a shiny one that could
convince a few people to pass it off as gold .
Claiming that Planned
Parenthood has too much money is a way of claiming that low income women
should be cut off from their reproductive care , but it does n’t suggest that at first blush .
We ’re already seeing more
conservative states redirecting funds that used to pay for services
to lower income women go to crisis pregnancy centers that specialize
in wasting your time and refusing to give you any real services .
If this lie got more hearings , it could do real damage .
WASHINGTON , DC —
At a hastily - convened press conference near his old stomping grounds , the Federal Reserve Bank , former Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan announced he is ending his longtime allegiance to the philosophy and books of Ayn Rand and switching his commitment to horror novelist and born - again Catholic Anne Rice .
“ I have finally come to the realization that financial institutions are lead by a bunch of bloodsuckers , ” said a pale black - clad Greenspan , “ And nobody knows bloodsuckers better than Anne Rice . ”
Greenspan was once a member of Ayn Rand ’s inner circle and his autographed copy of “ Atlas Shrugged ” is inscribed : “ To Alan , my little laissez fairy . ”
But the recent financial crisis has forced Greenspan to question Rand ’s laissez - faire capitalism and look for a reason why his free market model stopped working .
“ I was in a bookstore moving copies of my memoir , “ The Age of Turbulence : Adventures in a New World , ” from fiction to non-fiction when I picked up a copy of “ Interview With The Vampire . ”
By Chapter 2
I knew that Lestat was a brilliant metaphor for Lehman Brothers , and the blood he gorged on symbolized subprime mortgages drenched in red ink .
That ’s when I found my new Ayn . ”
Greenspan left the bookstore with copies of all of Rice ’s books , making him the only person outside of Rice ’s family to actually buy “ Blackwood Farm . ”
When told of Greenspan ’s newfound love of her works , a horrified Anne Rice was seen running to the nearest church screaming “ Bless me Father for I have sinned ! ” Andrea Mitchell , Greenspan ’s wife and longtime NBC News political correspondent , blames the conversion on Greenspan ’s recent testimony before Congress .
“ I know the feeling , ” said Mitchell .
“ After a couple of hours with Barney Frank , I ’m ready to trade my Wall Street Journal for “ One Flew Over The Cuckoo ’s Nest . ” ”
Followers of Rand are hoping Greenspan comes to his senses and returns to the fold soon .
Ayn Rand Institute spokesperson Dayn Rogers put it this way : “ Our annual Anti-Christmas Party wo n’t be the same without Alan dancing around with that fake faucet stuck to his forehead , yelling “ Look , I ’m a Fountainhead ! ”
Lissy Cunningham reclines while nude for Body in Mind
← →
Exact real arithmetic in Haskell
Aleš Bizjak
, , ,
HERA is an implementation of exact real arithmetic in Haskell using the approach by Andrej Bauer and Iztok Kavkler , see these and these slides .
It uses the fast multiple precision floating point library MPFR .
Download source , and see documentation and examples of usage at my home page .
[ Note by Andrej : this is a guest post by Aleš Bizjak , a first - year student of mathematics at my department .
I am very proud of the excellent work he did on his summer project . ]
Major Bennett Marco ( Frank Sinatra ) is an intelligence officer in the U.S. Army .
He served valiantly as a Captain in the Korean war and his Sergeant , Raymond Shaw ( Laurence Harvey ) , even received the Medal of Honor .
Marco has a major problem however : he has a recurring nightmare , one where two members of his squad were killed by Shaw .
He 's put on indefinite sick leave and visits Shaw in New York City .
Shaw , for his part .
has established himself well , despite the misgivings of his domineering mother , Mrs. Eleanor Shaw Iselin ( Dame Angela Lansbury ) .
She is a red - baiter , accusing anyone who disagrees with her right - wing reactionary views of being a Communist .
Raymond hates her , not only for how she 's treated him , but equally because of his stepfather , the ineffectual U.S. Senator John Iselin ( James Gregory ) , who is intent on seeking higher office .
When Marco learns that others in his Korean War unit have had nightmares similar to his own , he realizes that something happened to all of ...
Written by garykmcd / Robert Sieger
by Michael Tracey
SHE pass ’d away like morning dew
Before the sun was high ;
So brief her time , she scarcely knew
The meaning of a sigh .
As round the rose its soft perfume ,
Sweet love around her floated ;
Admired she grew–while mortal doom
Crept on , unfear ’d , unnoted .
Love was her guardian Angel here ,
But Love to Death resign ’d her ;
Tho ’
Love was kind , why should we fear
But holy Death is kinder ?
– Hartley Coleridge
On August 16 2006 MSNBC broke the story that an arrest had been made in the murder of JonBenet Ramsey , a pretty 6 year old girl , winner of several beauty pageants , who had been garroted and bludgeoned to death on Christmas night 1996 in Boulder , Colorado .
Through 1997 the case became the biggest story of any kind in the United States , until another princess died on August 31 in a Paris tunnel .
The story was fueled by the wealth of her parents , the brutality of the assault , its savage cruelty , even if in the annals of mayhem and murder in the Republic , in the long list of slaughtered innocents , JonBenet ’s death was not especially exceptional .
What really got the collective pulse beating feverishly were videos of JonBenet taking part in child pageants , dressed and acting in ways that many saw as a sexualized child prancing around in a suggestive manner , an alluring , pouting , posing Lolita , a pedophile ’s dream .
I understand that there was for many people something , shall we say , curious about the images but to go from that to the argument that she was being sexually abused by her parents , which would emerge as one of the strongest narratives in the media story was , to my way of thinking , a real stretch .
That , however , she might have caught the eye of sexual sadist seems highly plausible , someone who would lust for her , not rest until he had her .
As the years passed and no arrest was made , and a grand jury in October 1999 failed to hand down an indictment , the story slowly slipped from the headlines and the public imagination , a chill set in , it became a cold case .
When news emerged of the arrest in Bangkok , following an investigation involving the Boulder DA ’s office , the FBI , the Royal Canadian Mounted Police , the Department of Homeland Security , the Department of Immigration and Customs Enforcement , British Intelligence , and the Royal Thai Police , within hours hundreds of reporters , camera crews , producers , not just from the United States but from all over the world , were flocking to Boulder .
The case of JonBenet had gone from cold to hot in barely a heartbeat .
I happen to know something of this since I was the one who , for four years , had been receiving emails from the man arrested , and it was his confessions in this long exchange of emails and phone conversations that he was responsible for the death of JonBenet , that led to the intense , international investigation .
I found myself in the middle of an extraordinary , even hysterical , media firestorm as well as a truly bizarre sequence of events .
It was a curious place for a media scholar to be , and it felt at times like having a berth on the Titanic .
It provided , however , a fascinating position to think through again some basic questions : how did it all come to be ; what did the renewed explosion of interest say about the nature of contemporary media and the cultures that they serve ; issues of ethics with which I was confronted ; and the most profound question of all , “ why are they all here ?
“ … the miscarriage of American civilization ”
The story begins ten years earlier when I had an idea , to make a documentary about the way in which the media had dealt with the murder of JonBenet .
I floated the idea with a friend of mine , David Mills , an extremely experienced , London based film maker .
The reasons for wanting to do this were both simple and complex , but primarily birthed by those concerns and feelings I expressed in the Prologue .
It seemed obvious to me that there was a serious problem with the manner of the coverage : it was both overdone and unfair .
Overdone in that there was so much of it , unfair because from the get - go any presumption of innocence was denied JonBenet ’s parents , John and Patsy Ramsey .
It also troubled me greatly that so many in the public seemed so willing , so needing , to believe what they read and heard .
In other words , the story was a profound and troubling metaphor for everything that was going wrong with American journalism and , in a sense , the larger culture .
I was reminded of Freud ’s comment about “ the miscarriage of American civilization , ” by which he meant the disconnect between the lofty 18th century ideals upon which the Republic had been founded , and the sorry condition he observed in the 20th century .
My initial fascination was with the manner in which the story of her death was told in the media , the sheer vastness and luridness of the coverage by mainstream and tabloid media alike .
What became clear was that the story was a narrative within which were certain themes , suggestions , declamations , a nudge here , a wink there .
“ Clues ” and “ conclusions ” were thrown about like confetti at an Irish wedding .
The essential themes told , basically , one story , but it was rather like a pointillist painting , in which a picture is constructed from dots of pure color that one has to step back from and which viewed from a distance form into a recognizable shape , in this case a portrait of two child killers .
The more I researched , the more I came to know , the more evidence I unearthed , the more people I spoke to , the more I studied child murder the more flawed that portrait appeared .
There is no space here to render all the stories that were told and retold about the crime and the family but two or three will make the point .
Almost from the beginning , that is within hours and days of her body being found , by her father , in a dingy basement room , that narrative was being laid down .
It was claimed , for example , that the house at 755 15th St , was basically a fortress , alarm on , windows and doors locked .
Not true .
The alarm was off , doors and windows open .
The police knew this because it ’s in the police report from the morning of December 26 , but they whispered their untruths to reporters who , to borrow that by now familiar phrase , acted as stenographers as they began to lay down , totally uncritically , the conceptual groundwork that it was clear that John and or Patsy Ramsey had killed their daughter .
As early as December 27th an assistant DA was telling the media , anonymously of course ( though it would emerge later that it was Bill Wise ) that “ something ’s not right . ”
A few days later the mayor , Leslie Durgin , announced to the press and the public that parents need not fear for the well being of their children , that police were not scouring the streets of Boulder for a crazed child killer .
When I asked her , in an interview for our first documentary , who had told her this she said “ the Chief , ” that is the police chief , Tom Kolby .
The comment may have been an unfortunate mixture of the stupid and the unprofessional , but the implication was obvious and overwhelming , the police were working off the assumption that it was someone in the house who killed JonBenet , which of course they were .
Another , key story emerged in March 1997 when it was reported that police found it curious that there were “ no footprints in the snow , ” around the house .
The implication was obvious , and intended : no footprints , no intruder .
The slight problem with this , as law enforcement knew and the crime scene photos from December 26 make clear , was that there was little or no snow around the house .
Another little gem : John Ramsey , it was reported , had flown his private jet back to Atlanta , with his family and JonBenet ’s casket on board .
So there it is , Ramsey is so calm , so not grieving , so in control , so mentally calm that he could fly a jet .
Ergo , he was a sociopath who killed her .
The source was , as we were told by the reporter who first broke the “ story , ” a member of law enforcement who had always been “ reliable . ”
Problem was , not true .
Dan Glick , a stringer for Newsweek who worked with us on the first documentary , did something which we used to teach in Journalism 101 , he checked the facts .
In particular , he checked the FAA take off and landing log at JeffCo Airport and discovered that in fact the jet had been sent by the Chairman of Lockheed Martin , which had bought Ramsey ’s company , Access Graphics , and that the pilot was a Lockheed pilot .
When we interviewed the reporter who broke this story , who is as far as I can tell a really nice guy , and I asked him why , he asked me in return “ maybe you can tell me it was n’t his plane and he did n’t fly it . ”
The script line that followed that soundbite in the documentary was obvious and , to be honest , devastating , “ … it was n’t his plane and he did n’t fly it . ”
For the documentary we drew on many sources , tabloids , television , newspapers , news magazines , interviews with the Ramseys , family and friends , attorneys and reporters .
We would be accused of overemphasizing the role of the tabloids , to which we would respond that there was little if any clear water between them and the mainstream media .
Perhaps the most profound example of this was in a piece in Vanity Fair by Annie Bardach , which had the distinction of being the first publication with the text of the ransom note , but was also riddled with error , half - truth and downright untruths .
She wrote : that the Ramsey ’s behavior was “ odd ; ” she quoted Linda Arndt , the first detective on the scene , as reporting that between 10.30 and noon John Ramsey left the house to pick up the family mail .
Arndt had said this , but it would later to be shown to be incorrect ; she reported that only a small child or a midget could have entered through the basement window .
Not true , I ’ve been through as have people larger than me ; she said that near JonBenet ’s body was her red “ pageant nightgown .
Not true , it was a Barbie nightgown .
She reported that Hal Haddon , the senior Ramsey attorney , was a political ally of the District Attorney , Alex Hunter , when in fact they had never even met ; she reported investigators saying that the ligatures around JonBenet ’s neck and wrists were “ very loose , ” and were consistent with a staging .
Not true , as we now know from the autopsy photos which show that the ligature was so tight it caused a deep gouge in the child ’s neck ; she reported the story that there were no signs of forced entry , and no footprints in the snow ; she reported that JonBenet was a chronic bed wetter and that Patsy had taken JonBenet to her pediatrician 30 times .
In fact , it was 27 over a four year period , some of those with the nanny .
Dr. Francesco
Bueff , the pediatrician , told us that there was nothing abnormal about this , that there were no signs of abuse and that she was not a chronic bed - wetter ; Bardach also reported the story that John Ramsey flew a private jet back to Atlanta for the funeral .
Not true .
Bardach ’s piece was the very gold standard of the media errors , and yet it was certainly influential and was perhaps cited more than any other single piece as laying out the case that the Ramseys were involved in their child ’s death .
Frothing at the Mouth
And then there was the big one , the story of all stories : this was all about sex , and JonBenet had been sexually abused at home .
The evidence for this ~ which we searched long and hard to find ~ well , it does n’t exist , but vast numbers of people simply assumed that it did for the simple reason that this is what they were being told , ad infinitum .
Then there were the things that were n’t said because they did n’t fit the police theory that Patsy had flown into a rage over JonBenet ’s bed wetting , somehow smashed her head , staged the garroting , tied ligatures round her wrists and then wrote a two and a half page “ ransom note . ”
It seemed to me a palpably silly idea , if only because there was nothing in her past to indicate any disposition to violence , let alone violence of this depravity .
What was also missing from the public account was , for example , the clear indication that JonBenet was stun gunned ; and the truth about the state of the house , the absence of the snow , the fact that he did n’t fly his jet and so on .
Crucially missing in the public case that was being made was the fact that DNA tests led the Colorado Bureau of Investigation to exclude , among others , John and Patsy Ramsey .
This was known to the police by January 15th 1997 , when the CBI lab completed the analysis of forensic samples provided by the Ramseys , along with a number of other people .
This would be confirmed by further analysis in the early fall of 1999 .
For reasons best known to themselves the police chose not to share the first test results with the DA ’s office until July 22 , 1997 and , of course , kept the public blissfully unaware .
The DNA was “ foreign , ” that is belonging to no known individual and was found in two drops of blood in the panties which , to say the least , needs explaining .
Mitch Morrissey , an aggressive member of the Denver DA ’s office , who was one of a number of advisers to the Boulder DA , Alex Hunter , theorized , it would emerge later , that it belonged to someone in the Taiwanese factory where they had been manufactured , perhaps by sneezing as the panties were being made or wrapped in their packing .
They even sought a supplementary budget from the County Commissioners to send a detective to the factory .
The Commissioners declined the suggestion .
There was one other , telling moment involving the Commissioners .
Bill
Wise was speaking with them at a meeting and assumed that the microphone in front of him was n’t live .
He was heard to say that the person who killed JonBenet was “ wealthy . ”
John Ramsey was wealthy , though not the billionaire that some claimed and while Wise ’s gaff led to his removal from any involvement with the case , it nevertheless was shaving with the grain of prevailing belief about the case , the Ramseys did it .
There is so much more , but this will , I hope , give something of a sense of what was going on here : the establishment of a narrative that would convict the Ramseys in the public mind ~ a mind which seemed to want to believe in their guilt ~ and force the then DA , Alex Hunter , to indict , take it to trial , get them convicted and perp walk one or both to death row .
The laying down of that narrative seemed to happen in barely a moment as the whole world just “ knew , ” the child had been killed by her parents , that “ bastard billionaire , John Ramsey , ” and the “ white trash with cash , Patsy Ramsey , oh God how I hate that woman . ”
These were the mantras , the banshee squeals around the case that echoed across not just the United States but the whole world .
I lost count of the number of times I had people screaming at me , frothing at the mouth , when I even dared to question their certainty of parental guilt .
What was really fascinating was that when I asked how come they were so certain , so knowing , the reply was often along the lines of either repeating the media stories but , more often , commenting that they “ looked guilty , ” or “ it ’s a gut feeling . ”
I have searched long and hard in the Constitution and in law manuals and have yet to find the proposition that , if accused of a crime , I have a right to be judged by a jury of my peers ’ guts .
Monday – JonBenet , pt. 2 : vile bigotry and voodoo stupidity
INDEX
[ Gauche - devel - jp ] Re : CPS を知るのによい参考文 献
IRIYA , Kazunori iriya****@mcn*****
2004 年 5 月 7 日 ( 金 ) 02:00:50 JST
みなさん、 さっそくいろいろとポインタ情報をありがとうございました!!
WiLiKi に載せる場所がちょっとわからなかったので、とりあえず
WiLiKi の書 式で教えていただいた URL をまとめました。そのままコピー＆ペーストできま す。 - リファレンス -- [ [ WiLiKi: Scheme : CPS ] ] -- [ http://www.kahua.org/kahua/docserv/seminar200402/cps/index.html 継続渡しによるWebアプリケーション ] -- [ [ WiLiKi: Scheme :なぜ Schemeにはreturnが無いのか ] ] : SASADA さんから -- [ http://www.amazon.co.jp/exec/obidos/ASIN/4627836708/250-5934361-9545803
Schemeによる記号処理入門 ] : cut - sea さんから -- [ http://ocw.mit.edu/OcwWeb/Electrical-Engineering-and-Computer-Science/6-001Structure-and-Interpretation-of-Computer-ProgramsFall2002/Projects/index.htm
Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs , Fall 2002 ] '' Project 3 : A description of continuations '' : cut -sea さんから -- [ http://www.ice.nuie.nagoya-u.ac.jp/~h003149b/lang/actor/actor.html
Scheme とActor理論 ] : Shiro さんから -- [ http://www.ice.nuie.nagoya-u.ac.jp/~h003149b/lang/cont_intro.html 継続の説明( 前置き ) ] : cut -sea さんから 入谷 On Wed , 05 May 2004 16:09:31 +0900 " IRIYA , Kazunori " < iriya****@mcn*****>
wrote : | はじめまして、入谷と申します。 | こちらの ML へは初投函となります。 | | Shiro さんのサイトで CPS スタイルのコーディングのことを知って以来、もう | 少し勉強したいと思いました。もし参考文献としてよいものがありましたら教え | ていただけると幸いです。 | | # Lisp と ECMAScript で CPS スタイルで書いてみたいなと思っています。
When not flying first class to six - figure speaking engagements , the politician requires that her private jet “ MUST BE a Lear 60 or larger . ”
Yes , the Wasilla sage is as down to earth as ever .
We 're Sorry ...
You have probably arrived at this page because :
You have clicked on , or copied an incomplete URL ( link ) in an email .
Please be sure to copy the entire URL from the body of your email and paste it into your browser .
For example :
If your email contains a " broken " link , like the example below , you will need to copy both lines into your browser so the link appears as one " unbroken " string of characters .
" Broken Link " caused by text " wrapping " .
Note : Often the " broken " portion of the link loses it 's blue underlined style .
Both halves need to be pasted into the browser .
http:///ct/ct.php?t=sample111111&c=1111
11111&m=m&type=3
http:///ct/ct.php?t=sample111111&c=1111 11111&m=m&type=3 " Unbroken Link "
This is an example the correct format .
Please go back to the body of your email and copy and paste the original link into your browser .
http:///ct/ct.php?t=sample111111&c=111111111&m=m&type=3
He met her in the bar of the swank hotel and invited her to his room .
Once there , the woman fixed the drinks and told him to get undressed .
And that , the delegate to the Republican National Convention told police , was the last thing he remembered .
When he awoke , the woman was gone , as was more than $ 120,000 in money , jewelry and other belongings .
The thief ’s take stunned cops .
“ It ’s very , very , very rare , ” Minneapolis Police Sgt. William Palmer said .
“ I can think of a couple of burglaries where we had that much stolen , but it ’s the first time I ’ve heard of this kind of deal . ”
In a statement released today , Gabriel Nathan Schwartz , 29 , of Denver , put the figure at much less .
“ It ’s embarrassing to admit that I was a target of a crime .
I was drugged and had about $ 50,000 of personal items stolen , not the inflated number that the media is reporting from an inaccurate police report , ” he said .
“ As a single man , I was flattered by the attention of a beautiful woman who introduced herself to me .
I used poor judgment . ”
Contacted by the Denver Post Monday , Schwartz declined to speak on the record .
In the statement released today , Schwartz said he would decline further interview requests .
The haul included a $ 30,000 watch , a $ 20,000 ring , a necklace valued at $ 5,000 , earrings priced at $ 4,000 and a Prada belt valued at $ 1,000 , police said .
Schwartz is a single attorney and a fixture in Colorado Republican politics .
He was one of the state ’s delegates to the convention this month in St. Paul .
Reached by phone at his law office Monday , Schwartz said that because the case still was under investigation , “ I think at this point , I do n’t want to make a comment on it . ”
During the convention , Schwarz was n’t shy about talking to the media .
In an Associated Press article about Sen . John McCain ’s acceptance speech , Schwartz was quoted as saying that as far as oratorical skills go , McCain “ has more experience in his little pinkie ” than Democratic nominee Barack Obama .
In an interview filmed the afternoon of Sept. 3 and posted on the Web site LinkTV.org , Schwartz was candid about how he envisioned change under a McCain presidency .
“ Less taxes and more war , ” he said , smiling .
He said the U.S. should “ bomb the hell ” out of Iran because the country threatens Israel .
Asked by the interviewer how America would pay for a military confrontation with Iran , he said the U.S. should take the country ’s resources .
“ We should plant a flag .
Take the oil , take the money , ” he said .
“ We deserve reimbursement . ”
A few hours after the interview , an unknown woman helped herself to Schwartz ’s resources .
The theft happened at the Hotel Ivy , a luxury hotel in downtown Minneapolis .
( The Colorado delegation was housed at the Four Points Sheraton , several miles away on Industrial Boulevard Northeast . )
The theft occurred early on Sept. 4 , hours after Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin gave her speech accepting her party ’s vice presidential nomination .
A police report said Schwartz told officers he met a woman at the bar and took her to his $ 319 - a- night room .
“ Victim reported suspect made victim drinks , told him to get undressed , which is the last thing he remembers , ” a police narrative said .
“ Upon waking , victim discovered money , jewelry gone ; total loss over $ 120K . ”
A police report notes the crime occurred between 4:22 and 5:46 a.m. , and Palmer said investigators believe Schwartz was drugged , although he declined to discuss details .
Aside from the watch , ring , necklace , earrings and belt , Schwartz also reported a $ 1,000 purse or wallet , a $ 1,500 cell phone , $ 500 in cash and a couple of rings worth $ 50 had been taken .
Alister Glen , general manager of the Hotel Ivy , called the theft an isolated incident and said no hotel personnel were involved .
“ I do n’t know if I ’m at liberty to discuss it , ” he said .
“ It ’s still under police investigation . ”
Schwartz was a supporter of former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani , donating $ 2,300 — the maximum individual donation allowed by law — to his presidential campaign last year , according to records from the Federal Election Commission .
After Giuliani dropped out , Schwartz switched his allegiance to McCain , and records show he donated $ 2,300 to the Arizona senator ’s campaign in April .
In biographical sketches of Colorado ’s delegates published in the Rocky Mountain News , Schwartz said he was single , did n’t have any pets and most admired Colorado Secretary of State Mike Coffman , “ as he has served our party for many years and has served in the military . ”
He said his idea of a “ dream ticket ” was McCain and Mitt Romney , the former Massachusetts governor .
On the Web site for his Denver law practice , Sandomire & Schwartz , the lawyer describes his experience as a civil and criminal lawyer and points out he is a regular guest on “ Colorado State of Mind , ” a public affairs program produced by Rocky Mountain PBS .
The show , according to its
Web site , says it gathers “ opinionated and passionate people from across the state ” to discuss a wide range of issues .
In his interview on LinkTV , Schwartz seemed opinionated and passionate .
He said an attack on Iran was needed to protect Israel , and he offered how it could be accomplished through “ strategical airstrikes . ”
“ Hopefully , just bomb the hell out of them from the sky .
No troops , ” he said .
Schwartz was asked if he had a message to the protesters who filled the streets of downtown St. Paul .
“ Get a job , ” he replied .
David Hanners can be reached at 612-338-6516 .
Disgusting , but hardly surprising .
One of America ’s biggest military contractors is being sued by a Nepali labourer and the families of a dozen other employees who say they were taken against their will to work in Iraq .
All but one of the Nepalese workers were subsequently kidnapped and murdered .
According to the lawsuit filed in Los Angeles , the Nepalese workers were recruited in 2004 in their home country by KBR and its Jordanian contractors , Daoud & Partners , to work as kitchen staff in a luxury hotel in Amman .
Once they reached the Jordanian capital , however , their passports were taken from them and they were sent to Iraq .
While travelling in an unprotected convoy , the Nepalis were kidnapped and later executed .
“ It does n’t appear that any of them knew they were going to Iraq , ” said Matthew Handley , a lawyer representing the only survivor and the families of those who were killed .
“ A few were told they were going to work at an American camp ?
They thought they were going to work in America . ”
The outlines of a deal to prevent the world ’s biggest insurer from filing for bankruptcy may be emerging .
In concept , the outline of provisions is about as good as the government could likely extract , absent taking control , which runs the risk of loss of talent ( and having considerably lost by various “ helpers ” as Warren Buffet calls them , pulling fees out as they pick over the remains )
The terms bandied about would have the Fed having a secured loan ( which in simplified terms means they could seize specific assets in the event of non-payment ) and equity warrants , so if the company recovers , the Fed gets the upsisde .
So whether the deal is a good one depends on the details , namely , the quality and amount of assets securing the loan , and the amount of warrants .
Given that the Fed is the only game in town , it ought to be able to drive a tough deal .
But whether it will remains to be seen .
From the Wall Street Journal :
The Federal Reserve is considering an $ 85 billion rescue for embattled American International Group that could leave the government in control of the firm , according to a people familiar with the matter , though the structure of a deal remains unclear .
The plan under consideration late Tuesday involved the Federal Reserve providing AIG with a secured bridge loan in return for warrants , the people said .
AIG would commit to sell a basket of assets within a certain timeframe and offer incentives to buyers to complete the sales quickly .
In return , the government would get warrants for most of AIG ’s equity , diluting existing shareholders .
I ’d like to know what “ most ” means .
AIG will no doubt need to raise new equity , which would be senior to the warrants .
With the government support , AIG ’s favorable credit ratings would likely be restored , allowing the firm to avoid bankruptcy , , , AIG shares , which fell 61 % on Monday , closed down 21 % at $ 3.75 , with trading volume during the day at more than 10 times the average .
AIG , whose shares fell as low as $ 1.25 Tuesday , has lost more than $ 25 billion in market capitalization since the start of trading Monday … .
An AIG bankruptcy would take the financial crisis to another level , given the company ’s size and wide reach .
The New York - based company is used by many companies around the world to manage a range of risks , including exposure to investments in subprime mortgages .
Update 8:20 PM
The New York Times weighs in ( hat tip reader Dwight ) :
In an extraordinary turn , the Federal Reserve was close to a deal Tuesday night to take a nearly 80 percent stake in the troubled giant insurance company , the American International Group , in exchange for an $ 85 billion loan , according to people briefed on the negotiations .
All of A.I.G.’s assets would be pledged to secure the loan , these people said , and in return , the Fed would receive warrants that could be exchanged for an ownership stake .
Stock of existing shareholders would be diluted , but not wiped out .
Wow .
They have a $ 100 billion investment portfiolio in their Japan / Korea operations alone , Query how the Fed might stand relative to policyholders , since the loan is at the parent level and the assets are ( presumably ) in regulated subsidiaries .
But rules vary by jurisdiction .
So what they have is a priority position against parent assets ( which have other claims against them against which the Fed might not want to assert its priority position ) and ( one assumes ) the parent ’s equity in the subs .
Nevertheless , on first blush , this is WAY overcollateralized , .
Addition at 9:25 PM : I needed to clarify one bit of the logic : you ’d have thought that AIG would have been able to get a loan at the parent level if the collateral was sufficient , that is , it was a liquidity rather than a solvency problem in that entity .
However , some parties were thinking about a last minute bid because they were convinced that there was enormous value in the company as a whole .
And the requirement to sell assets means that some of the value in the subs will be extracted ,
If the Fed takes a controlling stake , it is likely that it would want to replace A.I.G. ’s board as well as its chief executive and chairman , Robert B. Willumstad … .
Attending the meeting on the Capitol Hill were Democratic Senate leaders that included Charles E. Schumer of New York , Richard Durbin of Illinois , Christopher J. Dodd of Connecticut and Kent Conrad of North Dakota A contingent of Republicans was led by Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the minority leader , and included Richard Shelby of Alabama , John Kyl of Arizona and Judd Gregg of New Hampshire .
House leaders included John Boehner of Ohio , the Republican leader ; Spencer Bachus , Republican of Alabama ; and Barney Frank , Democrat of Massachusetts .
Members of the leaders ’ staffs were asked to leave the meeting shortly after it began .
Update 8:35 PM : The Journal reports AIG ’s board has approved the plan , except the plan is in flux .
Talk about fire , aim , ready :
The U.S government moved toward an emergency rescue of American International Group Inc. — one of the world ’s biggest insurers — signaling the intensity of its concerns about the danger a collapse could pose to the financial system .
The board of AIG approved a government - led rescue plan late Tuesday … .
he precise details of the government ’s plans were still being formulated .
The primary option being hammered out involved the Fed providing AIG with a short - term loan of $ 85 billion , according to people familiar with the situation .
In exchange , the government would receive warrants in AIG representing the right to buy its as much as 80 % of its stock under certain conditions , according to one person familiar with the matter .
That could put the government in a position to potentially control of a private insurer , a historic move , especially considering that AIG is n’t directly regulated by the federal government .
Update 10:00 PM .
Reader Jesse pointed to the Fed press release .
The juicy bits not covered above are 24 month term , interest rate Libor plus 850 and the right to veto dividends on common and preferred .
Other verbiage :
The Federal Reserve Board on Tuesday , with the full support of the Treasury Department , authorized the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to lend up to $ 85 billion to the American International Group ( AIG ) under section 13 ( 3 ) of the Federal Reserve Act .
The secured loan has terms and conditions designed to protect the interests of the U.S. government and taxpayers …..
The interests of taxpayers are protected by key terms of the loan .
The loan is collateralized by all the assets of AIG , and of its primary non-regulated subsidiaries .
These assets include the stock of substantially all of the regulated subsidiaries .
The loan is expected to be repaid from the proceeds of the sale of the firm ’s assets .
A reader noted on an earlier AIG post :
The Fed announced earlier Tuesday that it was launching the new facility to buy certificates of deposit and commercial paper from money market mutual funds , which have been under pressure as skittish investors demand withdrawals .
Many companies rely on commercial paper for short - term funding needs to pay workers and buy supplies .
The situation has led to an intense credit crunch for these companies .
The Fed is tapping its Depression - era emergency powers and creating a new facility to buy a vast array of commercial paper from the funds .
Five special purpose vehicles set up under the new facility would be authorized to fund up to $ 600 billion in assets , the officials told reporters .
The Fed would provide senior financing up to 90 percent .
JPMorgan Chase is the sponsor and manager of the conduits , an official said .
For Investors
" The short - term debt markets have been under considerable strain in recent weeks as money market mutual funds and other investors have had difficulty selling assets to satisfy redemption requests , " the Fed explained .
" By facilitating the sales of money market instruments in the secondary market , " the Fed added , the facility " should improve the liquidity position of money market investors , thus increasing their ability to meet any further redemption requests and their willingness to invest in money market instruments . "
The New York Fed will provide senior secured funding to a series of special purpose vehicles to finance purchases of certificates of deposit and commercial paper from U.S. money market mutual funds and others , the central bank said .
Eligible assets include dollar - denominated CDs and commercial paper issued by highly rated financial institutions and having remaining maturities of 90 days or less .
Eligible investors include U.S. money market mutual funds but may over time include other U.S. money market investors , the Fed said .
By doing so , the Fed hopes to improve conditions so that banks and other financial institutions will be more inclined to lend to each other and to consumers and businesses .
Not everyone cheered the Fed 's latest move .
" We are in a very bizarre market , " said Brian Dolan , chief currency strategist for Forex.com .
" This latest move by the Fed is a blow to the market 's psychology .
It means that money market funds are having difficulty meeting redemptions and investors are still putting their money in their mattresses . "
Tulsi Tanti's Success Story The Rise of Indian Wind Power
Indian businessman Tulsi Tanti has built one of the world 's largest wind turbine companies in an incredibly short amount of time .
Now that he has bought a German company , however , his popularity may be on the wane .
The two things you need to know -- and the merger of the two I 'll get to momentarily -- are : 1 ) Tomorrow , Monday , September 22 , at 15:44 UT ( 11:44 a.m. Eastern US time ) the Sun 's apparent path in the sky crosses the projected path of the Earth 's equator in the sky .
What does that mean ?
It means that this is the time of the autumnal equinox , the midpoint in time between the summer and winter solstices .
It does not mean you can only stand an egg on end on this day ( or on the vernal / spring equinox ) .
2 ) APOD is the Astronomy Picture of the Day , the 800 kilogram gorilla of astronomy sites .
It 's run by my friends Bob Nemiroff and Jerry Bonnell , and every day they feature an astronomical picture with a brief explanation .
What do you get when you combine ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) ?
Why , a picture of me , standing eggs on end back in 1998 .
That was for the vernal equinox , but what the heck .
It 's still a funny picture .
If you want to try to stand eggs on end yourself , I made this handy - dandy video six months ago to show you how .
Happy autumn !
And for you Aussies , ¡ƃuıɹds ʎddɐ ɥ
False claims that presidential candidate Barack Obama is a sex tourist are being used to trick users into getting infected by malware .
Prospective marks are encouraged to check out a video implausibly showing the married Democrat in action with a Ukrainian strumpet .
Gullible folks who fall for the ruse are shown a bongo clip while , in the background , malicious files are installed onto their Windows PCs , net security firm Websense reports .
The attack loads spyware onto compromised PCs .
Once harvested , stolen information from infected PCs is posted to a compromised web server in Finland , controlled by unidentified hackers .
More details on the attack can be found in Websense 's advisory here .
Virus writers regularly make up news stories or offer illicit clips of celebrities in order to bait malware attacks , but up to now the celebrities in question have usually been the likes of Britney Spears or Paris Hilton rather than more respected figures .
Curiously , the Monica Lewinsky sex scandal never became the topic of a malware attack . ®
U.S. forces in Africa are usually in areas of instability and thus have low levels of international air travel .
Those regions are less likely to import COVID - 19 .
The near - term driver of COVID - 19 risk in Africa will more likely be the flow of travelers from Western Europe to Morocco , South Africa , and Algeria .
How Simple Web Design Helps Your Business
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
simple web designs to allow the user to quickly find the information they need , especially if you are selling a product .
If the page is cluttered with useless text , widgets or unrelated products , the site becomes meaningless .
However , it ’s become a common practice to do just the opposite .
e-commerce sites have taken this “ scatter shot ” approach of trying to slap the potential buyer with as many options as possible .
Instead of making the landing page solely about one product , sites usually clutter the page with unnecessary information , ads and related products .
Many e-commerce sites these days tend to be loaded down with too much information on their landing pages .
The reasoning for cluttered e-commerce sites is simple : the more information you can cram on the page , the more the user will buy .
Unfortunately , web buyers are a finicky bunch .
Jacob Nielson reports that while shopping and browsing online .
Instead of spending their time going to a site ’s homepage and finding the content by categories or other product recommendations , most shopping is done by quick Google searches .
If the user ca n’t find what she ’s looking for right away , she ’s gone .
It ’s crucial to haveto allow the user to quickly find the information they need , especially if you are selling a product .
If the page is cluttered with useless text , widgets or unrelated products , the site becomes meaningless .
However , it ’s become a common practice to do just the opposite .
e-commerce sites have taken this “ scatter shot ” approach of trying to slap the potential buyer with as many options as possible .
Instead of making the landing page solely about one product , sites usually clutter the page with unnecessary information , ads and related products .
Many e-commerce sites these days tend to be loaded down with too much information on their landing pages .
The reasoning for cluttered e-commerce sites is simple : the more information you can cram on the page , the more the user will buy .
Unfortunately , web buyers are a finicky bunch .
Jacob Nielsen reports that web users are becoming much more impatient while shopping and browsing online .
Instead of spending their time going to a site ’s homepage and finding the content by categories or other product recommendations , most shopping is done by quick Google searches .
If the user ca n’t find what she ’s looking for right away , she ’s gone .
It ’s crucial to have simple web designs to allow the user to quickly find the information they need , especially if you are selling a product .
If the page is cluttered with useless text , widgets or unrelated products , the site becomes meaningless .
However , it ’s become a common practice to do just the opposite .
e-commerce sites have taken this “ scatter shot ” approach of trying to slap the potential buyer with as many options as possible .
Instead of making the landing page solely about one product , sites usually clutter the page with unnecessary information , ads and related products .
Less Products Mean More Focus
Many web companies forget the cardinal rule of e-commerce :
Web shoppers want as little hassle as possible .
Instead of hopping in the car and driving to the store to buy a DVD , it ’s much easier to go online and snag it from Amazon in a few clicks .
The customer is even willing to wait longer and spend more money if the shopping experience is simple and fast .
Apple has mastered the art of minimal homepage design .
If you go to their homepage , they ’ll only show you three things :
A simple header navigation
One product in the body of the page
product in the body of the page A few informational links about the featured product with images below the fold
Aside from the standard footer navigation , the homepage consists only of three parts .
Here ’s what you see if you click on a product link ( like the iPhone ) .
Even on the product page , you immediately see what the page is about : the iPhone .
The product itself dominates the bulk of the page , and the surrounding information are apps and features of the new iPhone .
But more importantly , notice what ’s not on the iPhone page :
Unrelated products
Unrelated sidebar ads
Lots of copy
Clutter
Apple has effectively shown just enough information in a very pleasing manner .
There ’s nothing wrong with showing lots of information , as long as it does n’t feel like a lot of information .
You ’ll also notice that all of the information , links and pictures are all centered around the iPhone and what it offers .
There are no distracting ads or unneeded information about other products .
There are a couple of tried - and - true methods that any designer or web developer can take to ensure that the site layout does n’t drive customers away with clutter .
Only what you need .
The biggest aspect of simple web design is only showing what ’s needed to make the sale , and nothing more .
This does n’t mean that you ca n’t give the user lots of information .
Just make sure they want to see more information .
Apple uses “ Learn more ” links throughout the page to accomplish this .
Reduce clicks .
The less clicks it takes for a customer to buy a product , the higher returns .
Do n’t make them jump through hoops to buy your product .
The “ Grandma ” rule .
If your grandma ( or any elderly person ) can figure out how to buy a product for your site , odds are it ’s put together pretty well .
Unneeded information will turn Grandma away quickly .
Reduce the number of columns .
Each time you add a column to a page , the content is pushed into a smaller and smaller space .
This puts less emphasis on the main product , and more on extra stuff the buyer is n’t really looking for .
Give less options .
There is an added stress put on web shoppers to make decisions .
Ultimately , the buyer wants to think as little as possible when making the purchase .
Displaying products in a way that eliminates extra thinking and decisions will streamline the buying process and give the customer more peace of mind .
Keep it clean .
A clean design keeps visitors happy .
By taking the time to ensure that the layout of the site is aesthetically pleasing keeps the customer returning to the site .
Intuitive web design means thinking like a potential customer .
Would you shop at your site ?
Other Great Examples of Simple e-commerce Design
Bell.ca uses only a few colors to indicate the branding and offers visitors only the main navigation options .
Notice how well the design manages to present a number of different options — shop navigation , support as well as personal and business areas .
The design is n’t cluttered but clean and simple and provides the visitors with a broad overview of available options without forcing users to actually go through all of them .
Also notice how clever the product navigation is designed at the top of the site .
There is just nothing users can do incorrectly .
Etsy is a great example of how to place a lot of information on a page without it being cluttered .
Etsy has a wide catalog of products to sell from , yet Etsy ’s design has an earthy , relaxing quality .
Creating a useful homepage that does n’t distract is no small feat .
Crupress is an elegant book site without many distractions .
The homepage manages to present a lot of text without agitating the user .
The header navigation is prominent , but does n’t demand attention .
All the design elements flow together smoothly .
Tokyocube is a fun , trendy little site that sells Japanese products .
Instead taking precious space explaining what the site sells , the products are put right in front of you .
Also , the heavy use of white space allows the products to almost jump right off the page at you .
You ca n’t help but click on one of the toys to learn more about them .
While Furious
Tees is a tad busier in graphics than the previous sites , it helps do two things :
Show the playfulness of the site Make it very clear that all shirts are only $ 19.99
You are n’t lost trying to figure out what Furious Tees is selling , the products are all in front of you .
Having all the products on the homepage is especially beneficial for novelty sites that have merchandise people normally would n’t be looking for .
But sites with lots of products on the homepage run the risk of becoming cluttered very quickly .
Furious
Tees does n’t have this problem .
They do n’t use any extra sidebars or ads taking attention away from the T - Shirts .
The focus is solely on the shirts and the hilarious design .
Basecamp ( 37 Signals )
Look no further than 37 Signal ’s project management tool Basecamp for an incredible example of mixing different types of information to sell a product .
Yet there ’s just enough information to make an effective sales copy .
Every word , every image has to be weighed in a design .
If there ’s not enough information , the user wo n’t spend time trying to figure out what the product does .
Too much information and the user becomes overwhelmed .
The tasteful use of heading backgrounds and company logos makes every bit of information stand out on it ’s own .
And they somehow made all of the different types of media blend together , with plenty of space so that the user is n’t bombarded by lots of text or images at one time .
You Only Have a Few Seconds
Every website is going to require a different type of layout , design and copy to sell products .
But designers can strive to do more with less by :
weighing every word
removing unneeded elements
using tasteful colors and whitespace
and limiting the amount of overall information the shopper sees at one time
Remember , online shoppers are a fickle bunch .
They do n’t “ window shop ” .
They use search engines to limit their searches to a very narrow field .
If they do n’t like what they see , they leave .
Site owners only have a very small window of time to capture the attention of the prospective shopper .
A tasteful , clutter - free design that places the focus on the product ( and nowhere else ) will allow the shopper to find what she wants faster .
By Mark O’Neill
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
It ’s amazing the amount of emails that I received after my GAS story on Geek Squad .
It seemed that everyone thought that I had a direct personal intimate connection to the CEO of Geek Squad and they wanted me to pass on all their customer service complaints to him or her .
The last one was only last week .
It ’s getting to the point where I am thinking of billing Geek Squad for secretarial services rendered .
But now we could have a Geek Squad number 3 to contend with , after GS and ConnecTech .
It seems that Verizon wants to jump into the snakepit now with their own offering called Expert Care ( nice name , gives you a warm and fuzzy feeling does n’t it ? ) .
But it ’s only for Verizon customers .
First off , we ’ve got Verizon on deceptive advertising – I know for a FACT that they do n’t have employees sitting there grinning like THAT ready and happy to take your call !
Instead they ’ll have minimum wage drones called Chuck or Cindy who wo n’t know the difference between a CPU and a mouse .
So let ’s take a look at their pricing to see what Expert Care offers you :
Device Protection :
This covers things such as the telephone , the television and the PC and costs between $ 4.99 a month and $ 19.99 a month , depending on what equipment you put under the agreement .
I wonder if shouting down the phone at the Verizon rep and shattering the audio chip is covered ?
Worth asking ?
Premium Technical Support – 10 month subscription plan at $ 14.99 per month , with a whopping $ 60 early termination fee , “ help with computer related issues ” – so that means they will help you empty your cache and delete your temporary internet files .
Oh and turn your virus scanner on .
Premium Onsite Support –
Here ’s where they roll out the red carpet for you !
Oh yes Sir !
For up to 250 Americano dollars , your “ in - home specialist ” ( does he move in ? ) will install , configure , restore , optimize , scan and transfer to your heart ’s delight ….. then he will empty your cache and delete your temporary internet files .
Then turn your virus scanner on .
Then ask for a cup of coffee .
So what do you think ?
Should Geek Squad quake in their boots ?
Is Expert Care a worthy rival ?
Or are they no different than anyone else ?
Your thoughts and opinions please Mr / Mrs / Miss Geek !
Many people are aware of the dangers of BPA , and this issue has been explored extensively in the parenting blogosphere regarding baby bottles and sippy cups .
But did you know that tin / steel cans used for food and some aluminum beverage cans are lined with an epoxy resin that contains Bisphenol A ( BPA ) ?
This lining ’s purpose is to prevent corrosion and contamination of the food , but what about BPA contamination of the food / beverage ?
Should we be worried about BPA leaching into our food ?
According to bisphenol - a.org , the answer is no , “ an average adult consumer would have to ingest more than 230 kilograms ( or about 500 pounds ) of canned food and beverages every day for an entire lifetime to exceed the safe level of BPA set by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . ” bisphenol - a.org is an industry group , and somehow , I think their information may not be impartial .
Hmmmm , what about children ?
The Environmental Working Group tested canned food for BPA contamination .
EWG states ,
“ Canned foods are thought to be the predominate route of BPA exposure … Two of six cans of infant formula tested contained BPA .
The exposure that an infant might receive from canned formula , given his or her small size and limited food sources , makes the level of contamination in these cans particularly disturbing …
For 1 in 10 cans of all food tested , and 1 in 3 cans of infant formula , a single serving contained enough BPA to expose a woman or infant to BPA levels more than 200 times the government ’s traditional safe level of exposure for industrial chemicals …we found that significant fractions of women who regularly eat canned food would exceed safe levels of BPA exposures on average throughout pregnancy . ”
So what ’s the big deal about BPA ?
The Green Guide writes ,
“ Recent research suggests that BPA ’s effects extend beyond the reproductive system .
A growing number of scientists are concluding , from animal tests , that exposure to BPA in the womb raises the risk of certain cancers , hampers fertility and could contribute to childhood behavioral problems such as hyperactivity .
A January 2006 Environmental Health Perspectives study on mice indicated that BPA alters the function of mouse pancreatic cells , which produce insulin , suggesting that the chemical may enhance the risk of developing Type II diabetes … panelists from the Center for the Evaluation of Risks to Human Reproduction failed to reach any conclusions about the chemical .
But recent tests by the Environmental Working Group found high levels in infant formula and chicken soup ”
According to the Food Poisoning Law Blog ,
“ Scientists have detected BPA in breast milk , serum , saliva , urine , amniotic fluid , and cord blood from at least 2,200 people in Europe , North America , and Asia .
Researchers at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recently detected BPA in 95 % of nearly 400 U.S. adults and children . ”
I contacted two major manufacturers of organic canned food .
One of them responded ( anonymous ) , and the other did not ( Eden Foods ) .
One of them claims to have BPA free tin cans ( Eden Foods ) , the other did not ( they wish to remain anonymous ) .
According to a marketing employee of the anonymous company ,
“ I am told by the various can suppliers – shrinking number of can suppliers as with most industries in the US – that all commercially produced cans – repeat – all commercially produced cans – have Bisphenol A in their lining … that this is what they use to keep the to keep the metal of the can from leaching into the food …
So as I said , I have received a few inquiries about this , “ out of the blue ” in the past few weeks , and one of the consumers that I sent the above information to wrote back to me and said , “ Eden Foods says they do n’t use Bisphenol A in their cans . ”
Now , I have made it a policy over the years not to comment on what other companies say or do , or allegedly say or do…but …
the skeptic in me looks at the above statement and alarm bells go off and I want to say , “ yes , THEY do n’t use Bisphenol A – the cans come with the lining already in them … ”
I have to say that I agree with the skeptic .
If you were the only food company to have BPA free cans , would n’t you plaster this across your label ?
That being said , I still have switched to only purchasing Eden Foods for the few canned items we buy .
I have searched Eden Foods website on numerous occassions looking for this BPA - free claim .
The only place I can find it touted is in the right sidebar here .
They state ,
“ Avoiding Chemicals in Plastics & Cans :
• Choose soups , milk and soy milk packaged in cardboard “ brick ” cartons , by Tetra Pak and SIG Combibloc , which are made of safer layers of polyethylene ( # 2 ) and also recyclable .
• Choose canned beans from makers who do n’t use BPA , such as Eden Foods ”
Do n’t forget about the bottle / sippy cup risk .
Stating a study done by Environment California , the Grist reported back in February and March that ,
“ when run through a simulated dishwasher 50 to 75 times , name - brand baby bottles leach the chemical bisphenol A , or BPA , in levels that have caused reproductive abnormalities in lab animals … ” This is one of the highest - volume produced chemicals in the world , ” says Fredrick vom Saal , a Missouri biology professor and BPA researcher .
“ It ’s in everybody ’s bodies , and it ’s a very potent sex hormone .
It ’s just nuts that it ’s being used the way it is . ”
Z Recommends has issued their own Z Report on BPA in baby bottles , as well as pacifiers .
CC is crazy !
She told Marie Claire , " I have issues with getting old .
There are huge changes in my body and face , and I obsess over them .
I just try not to have too many mirrors around ....
It 's hard getting older - it's hard not to be the young one anymore . "
Did she not see how amazing she looked in a bikini while vacationing in Sardinia last week ?
Here she is in London with her husband David Arquette and they both look fabulous .
This woman has aged beautifully and I cannot wait for her return to the small screen this fall .
Btw , I think David has never looked better as well .
Source
