iTunes and Cocoa
John Nack posted a good devil ’s advocate piece regarding whether and why iTunes should ever go 64 - bit .
Nack asks :
Do people really have performance problems * with iTunes as it is ?
I never have .
It filters my 3,000 - item library as fast as I can type , does a lovely job with HD video , and whips through album art in Cover Flow .
I ca n’t recall others complaining , either .
Do they want iTunes to use more than 4GB of RAM ?
I think we can safely say “ No . ”
Do they complain about the UI ( e.g. non-standard scrollbars ) and think that Cocoa will make iTunes more “ Mac- like ” ?
Again , I have n’t heard complaints ( or rather , only ridiculous ones ) .
So what , then ?
Let me put it another way :
If you were directing the iTunes team ’s efforts , why would you — as a customer — tell them to spend their time on Cocoa and / or 64 - bit , at the expense of doing other things customers want ?
I , of all people , have certainly never been one to argue for Carbon - to - Cocoa rewrites just for the sake of Cocoa being better just because it ’s Cocoa .
And the same goes for 64 - bit - ness .
What really matters are features and user experience , not the developer technologies used to make them .
When I say it seems inevitable that Apple will eventually move iTunes to Cocoa and 64 - bit , it ’s not because those two things in and of themselves will dramatically improve the features and experience of the software .
I say it seems inevitable because Apple has moved almost all of their “ system apps ” to 64 - bit .
Check out the first footnote on Apple ’s Snow Leopard Technology page :
All system applications except DVD Player , Front Row , Grapher , and iTunes have been rewritten in 64 - bit .
Almost everything else that ships with Mac OS X is 64 - bit now .
1
Were customers demanding a 64 - bit Dock ?
Has anyone ’s life been changed now that the Dictionary app is 64 - bit ?
Of course not .
For some apps there really have been tangible performance improvements in the move to 64 - bit , but the reason Apple has moved almost all their apps to 64 - bit is simply because it ’s now what they consider the best way to build Mac software .
They are leading by example , preparing for the future .
The Finder is the best example to compare against iTunes .
The Snow Leopard Finder did n’t just have to be ported from 32 - bit to 64 , it had to be ported from Carbon to Cocoa .
In the early years of Mac OS X the Finder was the app Apple held up at WWDC as its Carbon “ dog food ” example — proof that it was using the Carbon APIs for an essential app .
It was the Carbon poster child .
No matter how modern a Carbon app the Finder was ( insofar as that it was written specifically for the then - new Carbon APIs on Mac OS X , not a port of old classic Mac OS code ) , it must have been a lot of engineering work to port it to Cocoa — with the result being an app that most users wo n’t notice being any different at all from the Carbon Finder in 10.5 .
John Siracusa described the new Snow Leopard Finder thus :
The conversion to Cocoa followed the Snow Leopard formula : no new features … except for maybe one or two .
And so , the “ new ” Cocoa Finder looks and works almost exactly like the old Carbon Finder .
The biggest indicator of its “ Cocoa- ness ” is the extensive use of Core Animation transitions .
Sven -S. Porst was a bit harsher :
In short , people probably put a lot of effort into creating a Finder that sucks just as much as the old one but which can tag itself with the labels ‘ 64 bit ’ and ‘ Cocoa ’ .
Cocoa was not magic pixie dust that inherently made the Finder radically better .
But so why did Apple bother ?
Because Cocoa and 64 - bit are the future of Mac OS X .
And , for many new APIs , they are the present .
As Siracusa noted in the 64 - bit section of his Snow Leopard review :
The second big carrot ( or stick , depending on how you look at it ) is the continued lack of 32 - bit support for new APIs and technologies .
Leopard started the trend , leaving deprecated APIs behind and only porting the new ones to 64 - bit .
The improved Objective - C 2.0 runtime introduced in Leopard was also 64 - bit - only .
Snow Leopard continues along similar lines .
The Objective - C 2.1 runtime ’s non-fragile instance variables , exception model unified with C++ , and faster vtable dispatch remain available only to 64 - bit applications .
But the most significant new 64 - bit - only API is QuickTime X .
In short , there are new APIs and features in Mac OS X which are only available to 64 - bit apps , and because there are no 64 - bit Carbon APIs , 64 - bit apps implicitly means 64 - bit Cocoa apps .
Carbon has not been deprecated .
There have been no warnings that the existing Carbon APIs will be going away in a future version of Mac OS X .
Some of the biggest and most popular third - party apps , like Microsoft Office and the Adobe CS suite , are Carbon .
Even if the next major releases of these apps are all ported to Cocoa , there are an awful lot of Mac users who are going to want to keep using the versions they ’ve already bought .
And , even if you ’re not persuaded by Apple ’s motivation to support third - party Carbon developers , note that nearly all of Apple ’s own “ Pro Apps ” , like those in Final Cut Studio , remain Carbon apps .
Maybe the Carbon APIs will never go away , but I would n’t bet on that .
They ’re certainly not going away soon , but never is a long time .
And Apple ’s new stuff is all 64 - bit .
The writing has been on the wall ever since the planned - for 64 - bit Carbon was unceremoniously canned at WWDC 2007 .
The Classic Mac OS environment went away after just a few years .
Rosetta ( the PowerPC emulator ) is no longer installed by default with Snow Leopard , and my guess is that it wo n’t be included at all in 10.7 .
Apple does n’t just add things to Mac OS X — they remove old things .
Carbon has n’t been deprecated but Apple clearly considers it legacy technology , and Apple has demonstrated a strong institutional aversion to legacy anything .
The single most remarkable thing about Snow Leopard is that it is smaller than the previous version of the system .
It is an operating system that is — and , going back to its roots at NeXT , has always been — evolving , not just growing .
Apple does n’t just add to it .
They prune .
They churn .
And the track record shows that when it comes to ushering old technology out the back door , they err on the side of too soon rather than risk letting it linger too long .
Apple worries about the way things should be far more than it worries about continuity with the way things used to be .
The Cocoa Advantage for Users
A 64 - bit Cocoa version of iTunes is n’t going to sync with your iPod faster just because of 64 - bit Cocoa magic .
But the new Snow Leopard Finder does show the subtle ways that a Cocoa rewrite has tangible advantages for users .
System - wide services work in both Carbon and Cocoa apps via the Services menu , but only Cocoa apps pick up the new - to - Snow - Leopard contextually - aware services in contextual menus .
This is something Apple added to Cocoa , so all Cocoa apps get it “ free ” , including the new Finder .
iTunes 9 , because it ’s Carbon , does not .
Another example .
Long - time DF readers may remember “ Highly Selective ” , a piece I wrote three years ago regarding the two UI models for selecting multiple items in a list using the keyboard : anchored and unanchored .
I argued ( successfully , it turns out ) in favor of the anchored model , and lamented the fact that Cocoa , and therefore most Mac software , used the unanchored model .
That changed in Leopard , when Apple improved the Cocoa standard list control ( NSTableView ) to use the anchored model .
All of a sudden , all Cocoa apps switched from the inferior unanchored selection model to the superior anchored model .
But list selection in Carbon apps like iTunes and the Finder remained unchanged ( and , alas , unanchored ) .
The Snow Leopard Finder , now that it ’s a Cocoa app , offers anchored selection .
iTunes 9 , still Carbon , does not .
These little bits of functionality and system - wide consistency constitute the Cocoa advantage .
The big difference between iTunes and the Finder is that iTunes is cross-platform .
There is no Windows version of the Finder .
( And even on the Mac , iTunes 9 still runs on 10.4 and 10.5 , whereas the 10.6 Finder only has to run in 10.6 . )
As with most Mac / Windows cross-platform apps , the Mac version is Carbon , not Cocoa .
Much , if not most , of the reason for this is historical — most of the big cross - platform apps date back to a decade ago , when the Mac version could n’t be written in Cocoa because Mac OS X was n’t out yet .
That ’s true for Microsoft Office , it ’s true for Adobe ’s CS suite , it ’s true for Firefox , and it ’s even true for iTunes .
One great counterexample is , in fact , from Adobe .
Lightroom is a cross-platform app and the Mac version is n’t just Cocoa , it was the first mainstream Cocoa app I ’m aware of to support 64 - bit mode ( ahead of even Apple itself ) .
If and when iTunes does make the move to 64 - bit Cocoa , I expect it to resemble Lightroom architecturally : relatively thin UI layers written with the native Mac and and Windows APIs , with most of the code residing in cross- platform compiled libraries and scripting runtimes .
But whereas Lightroom uses Lua as a cross- platform scripting runtime , my money says Apple would use WebKit for iTunes .
The growing use of WebKit in iTunes today could be a step in that direction .
Apple did n’t have to write separate Mac and Windows renderers for the new iTunes LP content or the new iTunes Store — they just used WebKit , which already works great on both OSes .
And , of course , Apple itself has a big cross- platform app that ’s a 64 - bit Cocoa app on Snow Leopard .
It ’s called Safari .
If you are not a cyclist , any bike with drop handlebars is a “ Road ” bike and any bike with flat handlebars is a “ Mountain ” bike .
If the person looks silly on the bike , it ’s probably a “ BMX ” bike .
If the bike looks like an old Schwinn , it ’s a “ Cruiser ” .
If the bike looks like something you ’d find in Europe , it ’s a “ City Bike ” .
Bikes are far more varied than this , of course .
Thus , once you enter the world of a person who wants a decent bike , you need to learn new words .
I ’m mostly going to talk about road bikes here , because that ’s what Joy and I have been talking about , and also , since I ’ve already got a mountain bike , I do n’t need a second one .
Most of this is predicated on a simple thesis :
If I , as a mildly overweight but ambitious cyclist , am comfortably dropping skinny guys who are on that style of bike , it is no better than a cross-country mountain bike with the tires swapped out .
Thus , there is a category of bikes you can buy , with largely road gearing and road parts , with a lightweight frame , and with wheels and tires slightly wider than road wheels and tires , that sometimes gets called a “ Hybrid ” but I tend to think is most properly called a “ Flat bar road bike ” , that is completely without merit .
The big difference is that a hybrid will tend to have mountain bike components and a Flat - bar road bike will have road bike components .
So , a “ Hybrid ” might have sturdy and decently wide wheels , 7 - 9 speeds over a fairly wide gearing range , V - brakes , and maybe a front suspension fork … a “ Flat bar road bike ” will have narrow lightweight wheels , a 9 - 10 speeds over a much narrower range , mini-V - brakes , and generally lighter - weight , less sturdy carbon fiber parts .
If you want a bike that ’s not going to be comfortable for hundreds of miles and is n’t aerodynamic enough to reach a proper top speed , you might as well get something that ’s more useful .
The added lower gears , improved off - road ability , and better resilience to road debris that a hybrid or even just a mountain bike with the knobby tires replaced by slicks offers make up for the disadvantages in ways that a flat - bar road bike can’t .
The problem with a flat - bar road bike is that any design of bike with more than a few gearing selections can get to 15 mph comfortably without rolling resistance or anything slowing you down .
Beyond 15 mph , aerodynamics start to become a huge concern .
If you ride 15 mph for long enough , comfort starts to become a concern , too .
Thus , what you really want is several different positions so that you can switch between them while riding .
And you really want the aerodynamic position to be comfortable and have controls available .
In either case , a flat bar is far from optimal because you only have one position for your hands , maybe two if you add bar -ends .
This works awfully well when you are off - road because that one position is going to give you the most control , plus the resulting bar is going to be both light and sturdy .
But the second position does n’t generally have any controls to brake or shift .
You can add a “ mustache ” semi - drop bar or a “ butterfly ” trekking bar , but that ’s still oriented towards a fairly upright bike .
Most people think that drop bars are inherently uncomfortable , but I suspect this is largely a matter of how you set up the front end of the bike .
See , if you go into a bike store and try out a racing - oriented road bike of the correct size , the stem will be angled downwards , such that it ’s roughly parallel to the ground once you consider both the head tube angle and the stem angle .
This is largely for historical reasons , but if you just flip the stem and potentially replace it with a shorter stem or a stem with a different angle , you ’ll get the handlebars in a more reasonable position .
The big advantage is that you get two good positions where you can reach the controls , one higher ( the “ hoods ” ) and one lower ( the “ drops ” ) .
Plus , you can put your hands on the flat section , where there are optional secondary brake levers that can be mounted .
Or you can put your hands on the very bottom section ( the “ hooks ” ) .
Thus , if you are comfortable with having your back flatter and thus your position more aerodynamic , you can have the bars low , such that even in the hoods , you ’ll have a flat back .
Or , you can have it set up such that your hoods give you a unstressed angled back and you need to go into the drops more often .
The problem with pretty much all of the flat bar designs is that you do n’t get the controls in more than one position .
You can also get “ aerobars ” that clamp to handlebars and give you a stretched - out position with your arms and hands straight and in front of you .
Or , you can get a bar that removes the “ drops ” and “ hooks ” position and has the aerobars integrated .
The funny part abut the aerobar position is that a lot of long - distance riders swear by them because it ’s yet another position they can cycle through , whereas for time - trial events , the rider expects to spend as much time as possible in the aerobar position , regardless of comfort , because of the aerodynamic advantages .
Just because that ’s how things were
There are a lot of “ just because ” things about mountain bikes .
Just because the first people to make a “ mountain bike ” had old Cruisers , the rims are the same .
Because they had to use motorcycle brakes instead of buying a beefed up bike brake , they tended to use flat handlebars .
Grant Petersen , when he tweaked the prevailing mountain bike geometry to make it better for climbing while working at Bridgestone , made some mountain bikes with drop handlebars .
However , as time has gone on , it ’s nearly impossible to make a mountain bike with drops that still uses a fairly modern assortment of parts .
The cable travel is different , so you have to use road brakes and shifters with road derailleurs and brakes and mountain brakes and shifters with mountain brakes and derailleurs .
Why my mountain bike has bar ends
Now , if you were to watch me on my mountain bike , you ’ll notice that I ’ve got bar ends and that I use them a lot .
Consider the geometry of a flat bar and longer bar ends compared to a roadie drop bar .
Both bars have a section between the stem and the bar ends to put your hands .
This position works quite well for tricky manuvering on rough terrain .
That ’s where all of the controls of a mountain bike are clustered .
If you compare a road racing bike to a mountain bike , you ’ll be instantly annoyed because you ca n’t brake or shift from your customary position on unstable ground because you wo n’t have brakes or shifters in the flat position .
However , if you add cross levers for brakes , you can brake from this position .
Now , if you add some bar ends , you ’ve got a second position .
As it turns out , this is fairly analogous to the “ hoods ” on a drop bar .
If you grip the bar -ends on a mountain bar , you can get lower and more aerodynamic for a sprint , shift your center - of - gravity forwards so you do n’t endo while climbing , and use them like bullhorns on a sprint bike for the most optimal power - generating position .
Now , back in the early days of mountain bike history , Grant Petersen offered a few of them with drop bars .
They did n’t catch on , but I ’ve got the distinct impression that he ’s right .
See , if you compare the hoods on a drop bar to the bar ends , you realize that you can shift and brake in this position , which helps with a road descent and any sort of climb .
Now , you get two more positions .
You can get lower on drops by grabbing the drops , which lets you get your center - of - gravity even lower and be both more aerodynamic and even less likely to endo , or you can even grab the hooks on the bottom .
Is it a disadvantage that you ca n’t shift from the flat portion ?
I tend to think not .
Most of the cases where you need to shift RIGHT NOW are covered by the other positions , once you start to use them .
There ’s also an application that ’s important for those of us who do n’t rely on somebody with a pickup truck to meet us at the end of the downhill and drop us off at the top of the hill again , which is to give your hands a second position on long rides over pavement .
Drops are far superior in this case .
I suspect that , once you cross-over from cross-country into all - mountain and downhill , drops stop being quite as useful .
Because if 90 % of your ride is either uphill or downhill where you need that extra control , you might as well snip off the fancy ends and go back to a straight bar .
For the casual road rider , I also suspect that Grant Petersen is probably right that most folks would probably be happy with mustache bars or some of the variants on north road .
The problem , yet again , is that nasty “ Just because ” issue .
Mountain bikers will never accept a bike with drops and roadies wo n’t shame themselves into using mountain bike gearing .
Everybody arbitrarily decided that drop bars were inherently uncomfortable without first looking at the front - end geometry and fit issues .
And there ’s very little interest on the part of the groupo makers to make the mountain and road parts interchangeable because this allows them to charge more for road parts for no good reason .
Still , I much prefer my bike with bar -ends and a flat bar over a riser bar .
I suspect that , for biking in traffic , bullhorns are about right .
I ’ve given some thought into what it would take for me to either make a rational drop - bar conversion or just set up my bike such that it has bullhorns with shifters and brakes on the end .
Or even just a second set of brake levers .
But , in the end , all of these tweaks require a certain degree of custom engineering that is probably more trouble than it ’s worth .
Daylife / Getty Images used by permision
Japan ’s prime minister expressed deep regret over the suffering his country inflicted on Asian countries during World War II in a solemn ceremony Saturday that marked the 64th anniversary of Tokyo ’s surrender .
Prime Minister Taro Aso joined some 4,800 bereaved families to pay respect to 3.1 million Japanese war dead — 2.3 million soldiers and 800,000 civilians — at the Nihon Budokan hall in Tokyo .
Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko also attended the ceremony , leading a one - minute silence at noon .
“ Our country inflicted tremendous damage and suffering on many countries , particularly people in Asia .
As a representative of the Japanese people , I humbly express my remorse for the victims , along with deep regret , ” Aso said in a speech at the nationally televised ceremony .
The prime minister vowed that Japan would never repeat the tragedy .
Emperor Akihito — whose father Hirohito announced Japan ’s surrender in a radio broadcast on Aug. 15 , 1945 — said he hoped Japan would never again wage a war …
The prime minister did not attend a controversial war shrine located near the national cemetery .
Yasukuni Shrine honors 2.5 million Japanese soldiers who died in wars from the late 1800s until 1945 , including convicted war criminals .
Pacifists and the victims of Japanese aggression abhor Yasukuni as a glorification of past militarism and a symbol of Japan ’s conquest in Asia , including the invasion and occupation of China and Korea .
Two former Prime Ministers continued their devotion to war and imperialism by visiting Yasukuni .
Their leadership of the right wing of Japan ’s dominant Liberal Democratic Party maintains the growing split in that party – in the face of declining fortunes .
Yukio Hatoyama , leader of the opposition Democratic Party of Japan , has called for the construction of a non-religious war memorial to replace the controversial Yasukuni Shrine for official visits .
Someplace that does n’t include a niche for war criminals .
UPDATE : Looks like the election rocked .
Australian Racing Board chairman Bob Bentley says he will negotiate with jockeys to try to avoid a strike over the whip rules , but has told other industry participants they are not welcome .
Bentley says he is prepared to go to Melbourne for discussions with jockeys but not with owners , trainers or breeders groups .
" I 'm happy to sit down with jockeys , but I 'm not going to sit down with 1,000 other people , " Bentley told Sky Racing .
" The door has always been open .
It was never closed .
But we do n't need these other people or mediators . "
Owners , trainers and breeders have thrown their support behind the jockeys ' bid to have the rules regarding restricted use of the whip amended .
They say their interests and those of punters are being compromised by the rules which came into force on August 1 along with a modified padded whip that lessens the impact on the horses .
Bentley also took aim at Racing NSW chief steward Ray Murrihy who called jockeys in behind closed doors at Rosehill on Saturday to propose a compromise .
" Ray Murrihy does not have the authority to have such a discussion , " Bentley said .
" Everyone should stick to their own jobs . "
Jockeys around the country walked off the job last Thursday after the ARB rejected their submission and threatened to strike again after Monday 's racing .
Leading jockeys Corey Brown and Damien Oliver were present at the ARB meeting and were disappointed with the result , saying they were prepared to strike even if it put the multi-million - dollar spring carnival in jeopardy .
" These are some of the biggest changes that have been introduced to racing in over 100 years , " Oliver said .
" Jockeys ca n't be expected to adapt overnight to these conditions .
They have been forced upon us .
They have n't given us the chance to work under these rules . "
Australian Jockeys Association spokesman Des O'Keeffe says he is happy with the progress that has been made and will be letting jockeys know that .
" I think on our phone hook - up tomorrow , we 're happy to say that that re-engagement is there , " O'Keeffe said .
" It 's genuine and it seems to be quite realistic from the Australian Racing Board chairman , so we 're looking forward to our meeting tomorrow afternoon .
" Last Thursday , our members had decided that if we did n't have re-engagement or some progress and a process to follow by close of play Monday , that they would not ride Tuesday . "
The ARB said last week it would review the rules again as scheduled in February , but jockeys say it is already unworkable and has become a safety issue .
Jockeys have put forward the case to be able to use their discretion over how many times they hit horses in the last 100 metres of a race as long as they are in contention .
Under the new rule , riders can use the whip for five strikes before the 200 metres .
Inside the 200 metres they are restricted to three consecutive strikes and apart from that they can only use the whip every second stride .
- ABC/AAP
Ieri sera , attorno alle dieci mezza , arrivato a Fiumicino .
Abbastanza stravolto , per le quattro ore di attesa a Genova causa tramontana .
Prendo un taxi e chiedo di farmi portare alla redazione perché avevo lasciato la moto qui e dovevo riprenderla .
Gli dico l'indirizzo , il taxista lo conosce .
Taxista ( piuttosto aggressivo ) : Lei è giornalista dotto ' ?
Io ( mezzo assopito e temendo ritorsioni per via di un vecchio pezzo di Biondani ) : Eh ? Uh? Perché ?
Taxista ( sgamato ) : Perché nun ce raccontate la verità .
Io ( rimpiangendo già di non aver potuto prendere il trenino ) : Beh , sa , insomma , dipende ...
Taxista ( più gentile ma deciso a proseguire ) : No , nun dipende .
Se non c'era Internet , io nun sapevo niente .
Io ( rassegnato ) : Di che ?
Taxista ( contento ) : Daa fine der monno .
Io ( a questo punto apro definitivamente gli occhi ) : Scusi ?
Taxista : Aa fine der monno .
Nel 2012 .
I giornalisti sanno tutto ma nun ce dicono gnente .
Io ( in un vano sforzo illuminista ) : Mah , sa , io mi permetto di non crederci .
Taxista ( maramaldo ) : Dite così perché nun ce lo volete dire .
E lo sappiamo pure perchè nun ce lo volete dire .
Io ( lo ammetto : a questo punto ormai la discussione mi ha preso ) : E perché ?
Taxista ( agitando pericolosamente la mano destra ) : Perché i giornali so ' de proprietà delle banche .
E se in giro se sa che er monno finisce ner 2012 , chi è che tiene i sòrdi in banca ?
Nessuno .
Se li portano via tutti , per godersi ' a vita .
E le banche falliscono » .
( cinque minuti di silenzio .
Il taxi fa i centoventi sulla Colombo .
Arriviamo sotto il giornale ) .
Taxista ( complice , e in cerca di confidenze ) : Dica la verità dottò , ciò raggione o no ?
Io ( in un sussulto di dignità ) : Ma scusi , se nel 2012 il mondo finisce , che gliene frega alle banche di fallire ?
Taxista ( come se si aspettasse la mia sciocca argomentazione ) : Questo non lo so , ma se non gliene fregherebbe gnente , allora perché nun ce dicono la verità ?
( Mi arrendo .
Pago i miei quaranta euro .
Nel tratto in moto dalla redazione a casa continuo a chiedermi dove ho sbagliato , nella logica della discussione .
Non ne sono ancora uscito ) .
Summary : Users like the simplicity of messages that pass into oblivion over time , but were frequently frustrated by unscannable writing , overly frequent postings , and their inability to locate companies on social networks .
" Mega IA " tackles the problem of distributing your information across multiple outside websites and Internet services .
It 's no small challenge : it 's hard enough to architect your own site , but when additional sites offer wider distribution , it introduces another layer of difficulty in ensuring a good user experience .
User Research
To find out how users approach corporate postings on social networks and RSS , we conducted two rounds of research :
Round 1 was conducted 3 years ago and focused on RSS feeds .
We tested a variety of feeds with 4 different RSS readers , using two different methods :
Most sessions were conducted as traditional usability studies , often using an eyetracker to give us a detailed view of how people read RSS headings and blurbs .
We also ran several field studies , observing users in their work environments .
This gave us a more naturalistic view of how people use business - oriented RSS feeds in their daily work .
was conducted 3 years ago and focused on .
We tested a variety of feeds with 4 different RSS readers , using two different methods : Round 2 ( the new research ) included 4 different social networks — Facebook , Twitter , MySpace , and LinkedIn — and ran additional tests of RSS feeds .
This round encompassed two studies :
Most sessions were conducted as traditional usability studies in which participants used their own RSS readers ( primarily Google Reader ) for the study 's RSS segment .
For both social networks and RSS feeds , we asked users to sign up for messages from a few pre-determined companies and organizations during the 2 weeks prior to their session .
We also asked users to sign up for new companies during the test so we could observe their behavior in the moment of " following " somebody new .
These lab studies gave us detailed insights into participants ' browsing and reading behaviors while accessing corporate messages .
We also conducted diary studies in which users recorded and commented on their experiences with corporate messaging over a 4 - week period using their existing social networks and RSS feed readers .
This approach let us examine longer - term usage patterns .
( the new research ) included 4 different social networks — — and ran additional tests of RSS feeds .
This round encompassed two studies :
In total , our research included 73 users , with a roughly equal number of men and women .
Most of the participants were in the U.S. , but we also studied users in the U.K. and Australia .
Participants ranged in age from 20 to 59 and had a wide range of occupations , including bank manager , database administrator , electrician , insurance broker , lawyer , office manager , pharmacist , small business owner , and teacher .
In Round 2 , we tested messages from more than 120 companies and organizations , the majority of which were tested by a single user who was receiving the messages outside of our study .
To obtain more systematic usability information , we asked multiple users to sign up for messages from the following 42 companies , and then tested their usability :
Companies and Celebrities Government Agencies and Politicians ABC News
Adidas
Amazon.com
Bruce Springsteen
CNN
Continental Airlines
Dell
EMI Music Australia
Fairfax Digital
JetBlue Airways
Microsoft Windows
NBA
Netflix
News.com.au
Pepsi
Seacoast Online
SkyNews
STA Travel Australia
The Huffington Post
The New York Times
The Wall Street Journal
The Weather Channel Australia
Ticketek
TripAdvisor
WBZ NewsRadio
WHDH Boston
WMUR -TV Australian Government
Australian Institute of Sport
City of Portsmouth , N.H .
City of Sydney
Department of Health and Ageing ( Australia )
Kevin Rudd ( Australian Prime Minister )
The White House
United States Consumer Product Safety Commission
United States Department of Education
United States Environmental Protection Agency Non-Profit Organizations and Charities American Cancer Society
Amnesty International Australia
NPR ( National Public Radio )
Oxfam America
Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals ( RSPCA )
Business vs. Personal Use
As the above list shows , we studied only business use of social networks and RSS .
We did n't study the overwhelmingly dominant use of these services for purely personal use , where users keep in touch with their friends and family .
We did test messages from some politicians and celebrities ( such as sports stars and musicians ) , but even though they 're individuals , they function as companies and organizations in the context of posting messages on the Internet .
When Australia 's Prime Minister tweets that he 's going to Tasmania , for example , it 's not to notify his local buddies that he 's available that evening for a beer .
Rather , it's to promote the fact that he 's paying attention to that state 's needs .
Indeed — as some of our users noted — it 's questionable whether it's the PM who is posting or one of his aides .
Our research was guided by a specific goal : we wanted to discern guidelines for companies and organizations .
We were n't interested in finding the best way for individuals to post their private updates .
At the same time , business messages appear in a context that 's permeated by personal messages .
This context sets the stage for use .
Businesses that post too often crowd out the user 's real friends and become unpopular ( and thus risk being unfollowed ) .
Users listed too - frequent postings as their top annoyance with following companies and organizations on social networks .
Users prefer a more casual style for business messages on social networks than what 's appropriate for most corporate communications .
At the same time , they expect RSS feeds to be more business - like and to cut the chit-chat .
Also , for some services — such as the BBC — people preferred a highly professional tone , even on social networks .
RSS updates were viewed as more trustworthy and as more " official " sources than social messages .
Users were also more likely to check RSS feeds at work , whereas they mainly accessed social networks from home .
At the time of our research , users accessed only 6 % of corporate social network updates from mobile devices ( and 94 % from " real " computers ) .
The percentage of mobile use might increase as mobile usability improves , but it 's likely to remain small because corporate messages are rarely the type of must - have information that people need on the road .
Managing Streams
All the media forms in our study had a single stream ( i.e. , timeline or " wall " ) of postings , sorted in reverse chronological order with the most recent on top .
Although some RSS users sorted the messages by source , the time - ordered stream was the predominant user experience .
People appreciated this user interface 's utter simplicity : no special effort or commands were required beyond looking down the list and maybe scrolling a bit .
Users did n't seek out past postings that they might have missed ; they were content to read only the newest information .
So , once your message drops off a user 's main page , it might as well not exist .
Users who continue browsing messages on the second page are almost unheard of .
This contrasts with email newsletters and other email notifications that users have to manually delete .
Social network updates float down the timeline and eventually dissipate on their own , requiring nothing of users .
Although our participants appreciated this fact , it does make stream - based media less powerful than email newsletters in terms of maintaining a customer relationship .
Posting Frequency
Most users visited Facebook and Twitter at least daily , and MySpace and Linked In less frequently .
In the future , other services will no doubt become popular , but the basic finding will likely remain the same : some services lend themselves to frequent use and highly timely updates , whereas others live at a more relaxed pace .
You should adjust your corporate postings accordingly .
If you post too rarely , your material will drift out of users ' active timestreams before they visit again .
But , if you post too much , you 'll crowd out other messages .
The three great motivators are fear , greed , and exclusivity , and social network postings can address the latter two .
Users were particularly interested in getting deals ( greed ) .
Yet , while users recognize that corporate postings are commercial — rather than friendship - driven — they do resist overly aggressive selling .
Finding the proper balance is crucial .
Users want postings to be current .
One user , for example , said the information she received on social networks made her feel like she was " the first to know . "
Such feelings give followers a sense of exclusivity .
In some cases , companies had established a presence that they did n't bother to update .
These graveyard sites gave users a very negative impression when they were looking into companies ' social features .
Even more irksome were cases in which friend requests were n't promptly answered .
Start using a social networking service only if you have the budget to support reasonably frequent postings .
And , if you later find out that you do n't , close it down gracefully rather than letting it get overgrown by cobwebs .
Finding Companies to Follow
It 's rare for users to actively seek out companies and organizations on social networking sites .
Typically , the impetus to follow a company came via a prompt of some sort — such as a recommendation from a friend , an email ( newsletter or confirmation ) from the company , or a link from the company 's website .
Unfortunately , once users decided to follow a company , it was n't always easy to find it .
Users often visited a company 's own site to find subscription info because current social networking sites offer poor search and navigation .
Sadly , even a company 's own site sometimes failed to help users find that company 's social services .
At a minimum , make sure your own search engine coughs up the appropriate pages as a " best bet " when people search for query terms like " Twitter " or " Facebook . "
Changes in RSS Feed Use
Because we studied RSS use in two rounds that were 3 years apart , we can track changes in users ' approach to this format .
The main finding ?
Not much has changed .
All 15 usability guidelines from the first research round were confirmed in Round 2 .
( However , we did discover several new guidelines , for a total of 24 usability guidelines for RSS feeds . )
One of the main findings from Round 1 was that non-technical users did n't typically understand what the term " RSS " meant .
This remains true today , and we still recommend using a phrase like " RSS feeds " to supplement the acronym with one or more explanatory words .
The biggest change from our earlier research is that RSS is now being used more and by a broader audience .
Previously , RSS use was fairly experimental and mainstream users were n't sure how to best use the features .
Now , people are more accustomed to RSS and select their feeds carefully .
Subjective Satisfaction
In Round 2 , we asked people to rate their satisfaction with 292 corporate messages on various attributes using a 1 – 7 scale ( with 7 being the best ) .
Message usefulness scored the lowest , with an average rating of 4.3 .
This is lower than the satisfaction ratings in most usability studies .
Clearly , companies have yet to discover how to send customers the postings they really want .
The messages that received the highest scores had three things in common : they contained something of substance , were timely , and provided the kind of information that users expected from the source company or organization .
Although content usefulness is a problem , company trustworthiness scores were generally high , with an average rating of 5.7 .
The companies with lower trustworthiness scores were mainly those that included advertising in their messages .
Social Messaging and RSS Usability
As the satisfaction ratings indicate , we have a long way to go to improve the usability of social network messaging and RSS feeds .
The problems start with something as simple as the choice of username .
For example , the United States Department of Education 's Twitter ID was " usedgov , " which sounded to users like " used government " and was off - putting .
Logos were often bad as well , particularly in the small rendering that some services offer .
Users depend on the ability to scan down a stream to pick out logos and user names , but this basic need was often thwarted .
The shorter the message , the more important the writing .
Do n't simply repurpose the first N characters of a longer piece of content .
Too many corporate feeds did n't bother writing for the medium and suffered accordingly , as users did n't know whether to click the links ( and therefore did n't ) .
The good news is that we can only go up .
Users do want these messages .
In moderation .
If they 're good .
( For more information , please see the full research report on social media usability , which is available for free download . )
It ’s nice to hear from readers of this column , even if they ask pointed questions .
Anne Winterfield , a graduate student at the Monterey Institute of International Studies , read my recent article on the futility of counterinsurgency in Afghanistan and called me up with a question about the last sentence of that article : “ Say our job is done now , Mr .
It ’s nice to hear from readers of this column , even if they ask pointed questions .
Anne Winterfield , a graduate student at the Monterey Institute of International Studies , read my recent article on the futility of counterinsurgency in Afghanistan and called me up with a question about the last sentence of that article : “ Say our job is done now , Mr. President , and leave . ”
“ Could you be more specific on how this would work ? ” she asked .
It ’s a good question .
The key to getting out of Afghanistan relatively cleanly is to let go of our stubborn attachment to the corrupt Karzai regime , to seek other Afghan interlocutors , and to ask some searching questions about the Taliban . ”
Any administration presumably would want to avoid an Afghanistan exit process that is a replay of the fall of Saigon in 1975 .
As the United States abandoned Vietnam , the Vietnam War ( or , as the Vietnamese call it , the American War ) ended in a burst of chaos that turned Washington ’s South Vietnamese allies into desperate refugees and humiliated the United States .
Painful images of Vietnamese begging to be evacuated with the retreating Americans and of Americans fleeing a falling city by helicopter from the U.S. embassy are seared into the minds of many senior U.S. decision makers .
It ’s easy to imagine a replay of such a scenario in Kabul , with grizzled men in beards and turbans roaming the streets clutching rocket launchers and looking for traitors to behead as Americans evacuate .
If this were to happen , not only would Obama ’s hope for a second term evaporate , but we could expect years of debilitating recriminations over who lost Afghanistan and , maybe as a corollary , Pakistan , too .
The debate in Washington now is between those ( led by Gen. Stanley McChrystal ) who believe the loss of Afghanistan can be averted through an intensified counterinsurgency campaign involving more U.S. troops , and those ( identified with Vice President Joe Biden and Democratic Michigan Sen. Carl Levin ) who would prefer not to add U.S. troops and to rely more on Afghan troops and on aerial strikes against suspected Al Qaeda positions .
Neither strategy will work .
The counterinsurgency strategy will fail because foreign troops , especially in a country such as Afghanistan , provoke nationalist resistance .
Thus , counterinsurgency will be fuel for , not an antidote to , insurgency .
The Biden - Levin strategy also will fail because Pashtuns do n’t want to be policed by Uzbeks and Tajiks and because newly trained Afghan troops wo n’t fight hard in a war in which they see themselves as surrogates for Americans , deployed on behalf of an American cause for which Americans were n’t willing to give up their own sons .
Did Washington learn nothing from the failure of the Vietnamization of the Vietnam War ?
Moreover , the aerial attacks on suspected Al Qaeda fighters advocated by Biden will , as counterinsurgency specialist David Kilcullen has argued , inevitably miss many insurgents while killing many innocent civilians .
This will , in turn , produce further hatred of the United States among the Afghan population .
And while the McChrystal strategy and the Biden - Levin option are presented in Washington as opposed choices , they share a common and overwhelming liability :
They are designed to protect the corrupt Karzai government .
The paradox of the Obama Doctrine in Afghanistan is that it ’s designed to construct the sinews of democracy around a regime that stole an election and has come to personify warlordism and corruption .
Again , you would think U.S. national security planners would have learned their lesson in Vietnam , where the U.S. cause was further dragged down by its alliance with the corrupt and unpopular South Vietnamese government under President Nguyen Van Thieu .
The key to getting out of Afghanistan relatively cleanly is to let go of our stubborn attachment to the Karzai regime , to seek other Afghan interlocutors , and to ask some searching questions about the Taliban .
Too often we speak of the Taliban and Al Qaeda as if they were the same entity : Thus , Arizona Republican Sen.
John McCain , articulating the conventional wisdom in Washington , recently was quoted in the Washington Post as saying , “ We all know that if the Taliban comes back , then Al Qaeda will come back . ”
Meanwhile , the mainstream media present the Taliban as a homogeneous horde of barefoot religious fanatics itching to die on Allah ’s behalf .
We wo n’t make good policy about Afghanistan if we allow ourselves to be taken in by our own propaganda about the Taliban .
Reading independent journalists such as Nir Rosen who have actually spent time with the Taliban , it ’s clear that , far from being a unitary horde of religious crazies , what we call “ the Taliban ” is a heterogeneous assemblage of groups and individuals who bring different motives to their fight .
Undoubtedly , some are hard - line Islamists implacably opposed to the United States , hostile to secularism , and sympathetic to Al Qaeda .
Some are simply nationalists opposed to the foreign occupation of their country .
Others have little identification with Afghanistan as a country , but are opposed to the foreign occupation of their valley or ethnic region .
They may be eager to kill U.S. soldiers roaming their valleys , but have no interest in blowing up skyscrapers in New York .
Still others are helping the Taliban because their village elders have told them to , because they are being paid to , or because they fear for their lives if they do n’t do so .
According to Rosen and others who have spent time with insurgents , some Taliban fighters are discreetly enamored with aspects of American popular culture .
( Patrick Graham , a reporter who spent a year with Sunni insurgents in Iraq , reports their fondness for the movie Braveheart . )
If the Taliban are n’t all Islamofanatics , as the media so often portrays them , this opens a path to negotiation ; and if the Taliban is an alliance of different groupings , negotiations offer a possible way of dividing them .
It ’s easy to think of other insurgencies that have ended by a negotiation that divided the implacables from rebels with a cause to discuss .
This is how the British ended the Mau Mau rebellion in Kenya , handing the country over to Jomo Kenyatta , formerly vilified as a fanatical radical .
Kenyatta went on to become a dependable British ally .
Similarly , think of Northern Ireland , where , after far too many years of stalemated insurgency and counterinsurgency , the IRA violence was ended by patient negotiation .
The IRA leader , Gerry Adams , now is a reliable partner in the reconstruction of post - conflict Northern Ireland , while the die - hards of the “ Real IRA ” splinter group have been marginalized into a minor irritant .
If it is not already doing so , the Obama administration should be entering into discreet conversation with a range of insurgent leaders in Afghanistan , seeking an accommodation that would divide a majority of the insurgents from the hard - line sympathizers with Al Qaeda .
Such an agreement might allow Afghanistan to be ruled by a more legitimate government that would incorporate elements of the Taliban into a central administration or devolve regional power to them .
In exchange for this and for foreign reconstruction aid , the United States might receive an assurance that Al Qaeda would n’t be allowed to resume its former operations in Afghanistan .
If Al Qaeda returned , the penalty would be the loss of foreign aid and return of the drones .
Those who find it hard to imagine an accommodation with the Taliban should remember that , in the 1980s , as portrayed in the book and film Charlie Wilson ’s War , we funded and armed some of these people .
They fought the Soviets as our allies and surrogates , and President Ronald Reagan welcomed them to the White House , calling them the Afghan equivalent of our founding fathers .
While it would be too much to hope for a Taliban Thomas Jefferson , that does n’t mean we cannot reach a modus vivendi that will enable Afghans to live without their country being full of U.S. bases or Al Qaeda training camps .
In February 1946 , Ho Chi Minh wrote to President Harry S. Truman expressing admiration for the United States and requesting U.S. support for the Vietnamese struggle against European colonialism .
Truman never wrote back , and Washington decided to make war on , rather than an alliance with , Ho Chi Minh .
The U.S. decision to make war on the Vietcong cost two to three million Vietnamese lives and more than 50,000 U.S. lives , divided the United States from its allies , and eventually led to the humiliating spectacle of a superpower being defeated by a developing country .
But now , after all that unnecessary bloodshed and misery , the United States and Vietnam enjoy a good relationship .
Let ’s not misread the Taliban the way we misread the Vietcong .
Start talking to them now , Mr. President , so we can leave .
By Christopher LingleGUATEMALA CITY ― A U.N. summit on climate change at the recent U.N. General Assembly meeting was supposed to give momentum for a post - Kyoto accord to be penned in December in Copenhagen .
Indeed , an announcement was made that most leaders agreed that there is an ``urgent and significant need '' to cut greenhouse gas emissions .
But even though most participants accept the controversial claim that human - based carbon emissions cause climate change , they are unlikely to agree to significant curbs .
And if such an accord is reached , it is unlikely to be implemented , not even by those countries that supply the most vocal and ardent supporters .
While the U.S. drew international criticism for not adhering to the Kyoto Protocol , from every performance and compliance standard , most countries that signed on did not fulfill their promises .
The biggest hurdle to reaching agreement on a scheme to curb emissions is that it will impose high costs on some countries while benefits are enjoyed by all .
As such , negotiations to reduce carbon emissions involve a ``prisoners ' dilemma ' ' game that lacks an enforcement mechanism and where interaction relating to an agreement is limited .
It turns out that outcomes of discussions under these conditions tend to fail to serve the interests of most involved parties .
Since most parties realize before the fact that a negotiated outcome will not meet their goals , there is mostly smoke and little fire .
As it is , there are wide differences between industrial powers and emerging economies over mandatory reduction targets and exemption of obligations for developing countries .
For their part , governments of industrialized economies sprung a self - inflicted trap by admitting that Western CO2 emissions are behind the worsening of global natural disasters .
This has encouraged officials from developing economies and environmentalists to insist the West pay to fix the problem .
Some developing countries are seeking an environmental ``Marshall Plan ' ' to address climate change worth $ 600 billion each year paid for by citizens of rich countries .
In turn , taxpayers of advanced economies would be put on the hook to pay the bills of those that believe that climate change is the most important issue confronting humanity .
But it beggars belief that international institutions will be more effective in compensating poor countries for climate - change adaptation than they were in distributing aid .
As it is , much of the more than $ 2 trillion in development aid paid by rich countries to developing countries over the past half century was wasted .
Another issue related to global climate talks is that paying for a shift to ``clean '' energy requires that taxpayers accept lower living standards .
This is because nearly all ``clean '' energy initiatives involve very large subsidies that must be funded by higher taxes .
Only by willfully ignoring the large government - funded payouts can proponents of alternative energies insist they will lead to net gains .
Another barrier to climate - change agreements is that many countries are not yet at an income threshold where their citizens place a sufficient value on a clean environment .
As such , they may not be willing to incur costs to make improvements .
Economists point out that a clean environment is only good among many that people want it .
The will to reduce carbon emissions may grow as countries become more prosperous and their citizens are able and willing to forgo consumption for environmental improvements .
Estimates are that this kicks in at an annual per capita income of about $ 4,000 .
It seems that this threshold must be reached before citizens possess sufficient education or information to begin putting a value on environmental quality .
At the same time , there are sufficient resources to put to work on making improvements .
An ironic conclusion drawn here is that those seeking lower carbon emissions should promote economic growth so that more countries attain this income threshold and do so soon .
This would involve encouraging free trade and expanding economic freedom with reduced taxes , fewer regulations and lower tariffs , and protecting private property rights .
This suggests that environmentalists should find comfort in the process of globalization !
In the end , it is likely that more effort will be spent on posturing about or reaching a climate - change agreement than will be applied to reduce emissions after a resolution is reached .
As such , it is a safe bet that any significant decrease in emissions will be due to a sick global economy rather than adherence to a treaty signed in Copenhagen .
Quest for Glory - So You Want To Be A Hero VGA
The VGA remake of the first episode from the Quest for Glory series .
The Quest for Glory games feature a great mix of adventure and roleplaying all in one package .
So if you find adventure games to be to adventurish and roleplaying games to roleplayerish you might consider this one . ;)
You arrive at the village of Spielburg which has some serious problems to be dealt with .
Brigands terrorize the little town and an evil Ogre sorceress is spreading mayhem across the land .
They need a hero and , lucky for you , you arrive just in time .
Save the Baron ’s children , defeat the Ogre sorceress and claim the title ‘ Hero of Spielburg ’ so everyone will remember you as the greatest hero of all time !
When first starting the game , you can choose whether you want to be a Thief , Fighter or a Mage .
Depending on the choice you make , you will have a different gameplay .
The main quest will still be the same for all three jobs .
But robbing the house of the sheriff as a thief gives great satisfaction .
The overall quality of this game is very high .
Great graphics , good storyline , some nifty humor and at least this time you die by your own fault in the battles instead of dying a Sierra death !
Play it , you wo n’t regret it !
Part of the Quest for Glory Series
Police forces around Australia could soon be using semi-automatic , shotgun and crowd control versions of the controversial Taser stun guns .
The new generation range includes a semi-automatic Taser which can fire three sets of electronic darts in succession .
The Taser X12 that can be fired from a shotgun ( top ) , the semi-automatic Taser X3 ( bottom left ) and the Taser Shockwave crowd control system ( bottom right ) .
Credit : Taser International
Another is like a shotgun cartridge and can be fired from any standard 12 - gauge pump action shotgun .
There is also a device called Shockwave - a bank of 12 Tasers which fire probes in a 20 degree arc extending out to about eight metres .
At the end of many Shakespearean dramas , self - destructive leaders are usually strewn dead on stage .
With modern presidencies , we have to watch the poignant tableau of such leaders realizing that they have squandered their chance for greatness even as they suffer the indignity of rejection by those who once sought their blessing .
These painful periods for W. and Bill Clinton , falling low after starting with such grand hopes , are recounted in two new books .
The pen-and - tell by Bush speechwriter Matt Latimer , “ Speech - less , ” is being denounced by some former Bushies and Republican commentators as a “ Devil Wears Prada ” betrayal .
( Except , in this case , the Devil wears Crocs .
Preparing to make a prime - time address explaining why the 2008 economic bailout was n’t socialism 
“ We got to make this understandable for the average cat , ” the president tells his speechwriters  W. pads around the White House in Crocs , an image that ’s hard to get out of your head . )
“ The guy is a worm , ” Bill Bennett told Wolf Blitzer about Latimer , adding : “ He needs to read his Dante .
He probably has n’t read ‘ The Inferno . ’
The lowest circles of hell are for people who are disloyal in the way this guy is disloyal , and at the very lowest point Satan chews on their bodies . ”
“ We are appalled by the scene captured in this video and will investigate thoroughly and urgently what took place and what led to it , " the new statement read .
" We do not tolerate members of the public being abusive to our staff but neither will we tolerate members of our staff abusing members of the public . ”
Posted by ESPN.com's Tim Graham
This might be some sort of record .
In early balloting Monday afternoon , Buffalo Bills coach Dick Jauron is pulling down a 4 percent in the latest SportsNation head coach approval ratings .
Jauron
That 's dead last in the NFL and the worst number in the two years SportsNation has conducted the polls .
Four percent .
Genghis Khan was n't that despised .
Idi Amin was embraced more by his people .
Spencer Pratt is adored by comparison .
Four percent .
Jauron 's rating is 20 points lower than when Richard Nixon left office .
Bills fans loathed the guy last year , but his lowest rating for 2008 was 8 percent .
So he was twice as popular then .
The Bills were manhandled 38 - 10 by the winless Miami Dolphins on Sunday .
Dolphins coach Tony Sparano , a darling last year , so far has skyrocketed from 43 percent to 75 percent with the victory .
New England Patriots coach Bill Belichick led all AFC East coaches Monday afternoon at 85 percent after knocking off the Baltimore Ravens .
New York Jets coach Rex Ryan suffered his first loss and slipped from 92 percent to 76 percent in the early voting , which generally holds up through the week , give or take a couple of percentage points .
So Jauron actually could go lower than 4 flippin ' percent .
Refuseniks Maya Wind and Netta Mishly . ( whywerefuse.org )
US
From chronic checkpoint beatings , to the use of Palestinian children as human shields during invasions , to widespread use of torture and interrogation in detention camps , to the killing of unarmed civilians during incursions and wide - scale massacres that spur international condemnation , Israel ’s soldiers are the face of the state ’s expanding and illegal occupation and colonization of Palestine .
And a new generation of conscripts have just finished boot camp , eager to carry on this vicious tradition of occupation .
Within mainstream Israeli Jewish society , mandatory conscription into the military is regarded as a rite of passage ; a normalized violent adventure meant to codify nationalism and Zionist supremacy while carrying out Israel ’s policies of aggression .
( Paradoxically , a few thousand non-Jewish , “ Arab - Israeli ” citizens have also served in the army — see Jonathan Cook ’s recent article “ False promise of integration for Palestinian soldiers in Israel . ” )
Recently , Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman repeated an oft - heard mantra as he attempted to defend the state ’s criminal massacres in Gaza earlier this year .
“ Israel , ” Lieberman claimed , “ has the most moral army in the world . ”
However , a growing number of Israeli Jewish youth facing mandatory military conscription — the Shministim — are breaking the chain of conventional cooperation with the occupation .
Refusing to participate in a system they agree to be immoral as well as illegal , these young people exemplify complicity with their ethical values rather than their state ’s colonialist policies .
The Shministim have also started linking up with American military resisters to strategize and build an international movement of opposition to the state - sponsored violence of occupation — from the West Bank and Gaza to Iraq and Afghanistan .
At the same time , these young people are speaking directly to Jewish audiences across the US who may romanticize Israel ’s perceived “ need ” for an aggressive military system , hoping to inspire critical thought centered on the actual reality for Palestinians affected by Israel ’s actions .
Since 1970 , groups of Shministim — Hebrew for 12th - graders — have emerged , turning against the overwhelming current of generational militarism .
Writing public letters to Israeli heads of state , Shministim cohorts refuse to participate in the system of occupation , and , more broadly , vociferously challenge a national attitude of supremacy and racist entitlement over historic Palestine ’s indigenous population .
Though personal stories of revelatory tenacity are wholly unique for each young person who stands up , the shock of collective reality and personal responsibility is a common theme .
After witnessing brutal violence carried out by Israeli occupation soldiers against Palestinians in the West Bank village of Bilin , 19 - year - old Shministim member Maya Wind says that “ the only moral option for me was to refuse . ”
Not surprisingly , the Israeli government does not concur with Wind ’s revelation .
Shministim refuseniks face draconian jail sentences in repeated cycles until they reach 21 years old or manage to secure a discharge on the basis of medical or mental health .
Israeli youth who refuse to cooperate with Israel ’s military occupation are sent into a lengthy and relentless labyrinth of court martials and consecutive jail terms in what Israeli lawyer Michael Sfard , representing Shministim , calls a “ price tag ” meant to deter other young Israelis from non-participation .
“ Otherwise , ” he says , “ [ the Israeli government ’s ] argument says , everyone — of ideological or personal reasons — will refuse to serve . ”
I recently interviewed Wind and her Shministim cohort , Netta Mishly , during their tour in the San Francisco Bay Area .
Wind says that the political and ultra-religious environment in her high school led her to question the reality behind the ideologies of her government and her fellow students .
“ A lot of my classmates were settlers , including extremists from [ settlements in ] the West Bank … there were a lot of questions that surfaced for me .
I did n’t even use the word ‘ occupation ’ back then . ”
Through a discussion group with Palestinians in Jerusalem , Wind says that she awakened to a different reality than the one offered to her inside Israeli - Jewish society .
“ I figured I needed to learn more .
Through a conversation with a Palestinian girl , I started to question more .
I started going to the West Bank . ”
Wind was sent to jail during the third week of the Gaza massacres , and spent several weeks behind bars .
Sentenced four times , she spent a cumulative two months in detention and another 42 days in a military prison altogether .
She was subjected to a “ humiliating ” array of psychiatrists and psychologists sent by the military to determine her mental fitness , required to serve in the army .
Wind says that all of the Shministim were labeled mentally unfit by these health professionals , therefore giving Israel the excuse that the problem was not with the policies or the morality of the military , but with the Shministim themselves .
Netta Mishly , also 19 years old and from Tel Aviv , was active in several political groups from early adolescence and supported by parents who encouraged her to think critically .
She said that her decision to refuse was made clear during her activity against Israel ’s wall in the West Bank .
“ After I was there , and I saw how the soldiers attack civilians without any security justification , after I saw how the state steals land from [ Palestinians ] …
For me , not going to the army was a decision I came to after visiting the West Bank for the first time . ”
She says that her life changed completely after returning to school .
“ I kept hearing the same line [ in class ] — that we need to defend ourselves , and we need to go to the army .
I could n’t believe this anymore because I saw how the soldiers act on the ground .
I connected with other activists and we started thinking about how we were going to take this difficult step , and we decided to keep working in the same tradition that started before us .
We drafted a letter to the government , saying that we would n’t take part in the terrible crimes that Israel is doing in our name .
After that , one by one , each one of us went to jail . ”
Mishly was sentenced to a week in detention at the military base because there was “ no room ” in the regular prison ( during the December - January attacks on Gaza , hundreds of Palestinian citizens of Israel who participated in protests were rounded up and thrown into Israeli jails , on charges of treason and incitement ) .
After the trial , one of the highest - ranking Israeli military justices decided they could re-try Mishly and she received another 20 days .
“ When you make the decision not to go to the army , you do n’t know where [ the punishment ] is going to end , ” she says .
Meanwhile , as US President Barack Obama readies another “ troop surge ” to entrench the interminable American occupation of Afghanistan , Wind and Mishly are meeting with US military resisters in order , Wind says , to expand international rejection of militarism .
“ I think that ’s why Netta and I have come to the US .
It ’s not just about the Israeli occupation .
It ’s not just an Israeli thing .
The US is occupying .
And there are all forms of racism , prejudice and violence … these are not just phenomenons particular to the Middle East , you have this in the US as well .
It ’s towards immigrants , Mexicans , towards Iraq and Afghanistan .
I think we ’re trying to show that these are global phenomenons and we all have to create a broader justice movement . ”
Sarah Lazare of the Bay Area - based GI Resistance support organization Courage to Resist is helping to organize an upcoming delegation of US war resisters to Palestine - Israel , she says , to connect with Israeli refuseniks .
Calling itself Dialogue Against Militarism , the group intends to discuss similar experiences and learn from each other ’s strategies for confronting war and occupation , while engaging with the effects of militarism in their respective societies .
“ It is extremely powerful that war resisters in Israel are connecting with war resisters in the US , ” says Lazare .
“ Given the close relationship between the so - called ‘ War on Terror ’ and the Israeli occupation , it is vital for resisters in these two countries to join forces , in order to build a movement strong enough to take on the forces we ’re up against .
Israeli and US war resisters are having exciting discussions , sharing experiences , and showing direct solidarity with each other , and I think this is a powerful step towards stopping US and Israeli - led occupations . ”
In January , upon her sentencing , Maya Wind offered her declaration of conscience to the military court .
“ We can no longer term our military a ‘ Defense Force , ’ ” she asserted .
“ A defense force does not conquer lands of another people .
A defense force does not assist in the building of settlements on those lands .
A defense force does not permit settlers to throw stones at Palestinian civilians , nor does it deny them access to their lands and source of livelihood .
None of these are acts of a defense force . ”
“ The occupation has no defensive advantages .
On the contrary , the pointless occupation of millions of people only leads to radicalization of opinions , hatred and the escalation of violence .
Violence is a cycle that feeds into itself .
This cycle will not stop until someone stands up and refuses uncompromisingly to take part in it .
This is what I am doing today . ”
Several other Shministim are gearing up for a similar speaking tour in South Africa during October .
Nora Barrows - Friedman is the Senior Producer and co-host of Flashpoints on Pacifica Radio and travels several times a year to occupied Palestine to document the situation .
She is also a freelance reporter for Inter Press Service .
She can be reached at norabf AT gmail DOT com .
Her website is www.norabf.com
Related Links
Top Family Law Attorneys and Divorce Mediators in St. Louis , Missouri
Experience Matters
We utilize more than 25 years of experience in helping clients navigate the legal and financial aspects of divorce .
As a firm dedicated solely to family law , our experience is key in effectively resolving cases through settlement negotiations and / or litigation .
We are also one of the area ’s top mediation firms and have successfully mediated over 4,000 divorce cases in Missouri .
In the 2009 “ Missouri ’s Best Lawyers Reader ’s Poll ” conducted by Missouri Lawyer ’s Weekly , Marta Papa was named one of the top two divorce lawyers in the state of Missouri .
Read the Wall Street Journal Article featuring Marta .
For superior legal representation paired with the individual attention of a small law firm , call the Law Office of Marta J. Papa at 314-862-0202 or contact us online .
Our Approach
Our clients appreciate the realistic , straight - forward and organized approach we take to handling their cases .
Our goal is to save you time and money , while getting you the best possible legal outcome .
At the Law Office of Marta J. Papa , we offer services in all areas of family law , including :
Our divorce attorneys and staff answer your questions , assist you in decision - making and work hard to keep you moving toward a successful end result .
For your family law needs in Missouri and Illinois , call the Law Office of Marta J. Papa at 314-862-0202 or contact us online .
Leading Mediation in Missouri and Southern Illinois
Attorney Marta Papa shares her knowledge of divorce mediation and negotiation strategies by conducting numerous trainings each year .
She has trained hundreds of Judges , attorneys , and mental health professionals nationwide and currently teaches mediation at St. Louis University .
JOIN OUR MAILING LIST !
A Boston suburb has some new landscapers that will work for food — a half - dozen goats clearing and maintaining an overgrown public meadow .
ANDOVER , Mass .
( AP ) — A Boston suburb has some new landscapers that will work for food — a half - dozen goats clearing and maintaining an overgrown public meadow .
Under a pilot program in Andover , Lucy McKain 's dairy goats will rotate their grazing around the meadow for an all - you - can - eat buffet of grass , brush and other growth .
The goats can clear as much as a half acre every three days at no cost .
The fact it 's free is important to Andover officials , since money is tight and they could n't afford the heavy equipment , fuel and labor needed to clean up the meadow .
Plus , goat landscaping is environmentally friendly .
If the program is a success , Andover officials want to make more public parkland available to other grazing animals .
Blockbuster Inc. is planning to close as many as 40 % of its stores over the next two years as the company continues to struggle against new competitors .
The Dallas - based movie - rental company had previously planned to close 1,000 stores , but on Tuesday it raised that number to as many as 1,560 of its 3,750 retail outlets .
Of those , up to 300 may be converted to outlets , and up to 300 are undergoing lease mitigation or termination efforts .
It said the move would help boost profitability and save $ 26 million in working capital .
...
At the North Shore Law Office Of Annette Baker , we offer close communication , practical advice and vigorous representation to clients facing difficult divorce and family law issues .
We work closely with clients from the start to explain the full range of possibilities open to them .
We pride ourselves on returning client calls promptly and answering questions in plain and simple language .
Contact us in Beverly at 978-712-4268 to find out how we can help resolve your divorce and family law issues while preserving your sanity .
Changes That Affect Your Family : We Are Here To Help
If you are facing divorce , separation or any other major life event that affects your family , you need an attorney who can guide you through the entire legal process .
Attorney Annette L. Baker can assist you with :
Our success depends entirely on successfully helping you .
While contested divorce , child custody disputes and other family law problems will never be pleasant , we can use our experience , compassion and steadfast advocacy to help you get moving in a positive direction .
We Are Committed To Your Satisfaction : This Earns Us Multiple Referrals
Our reputation as effective and diligent litigators has led to numerous referrals .
These come not only from past satisfied clients , but from past opponents , too .
Many of our clients retained us after becoming dissatisfied with their past attorney .
Some have worked with attorneys who did n't return phone calls , others provided bland recommendations and halfhearted courtroom representation .
We are happy to explain how we can help you if you are unsatisfied with your current counsel .
Our Strength : A Thorough Knowledge Of Massachusetts Family Law
Our strong reputation for client satisfaction results from our knowledge of Massachusetts family law .
Boston divorce lawyer Annette L. Baker 's legal knowledge is reflected by the fact that she helped edit the latest edition of the Massachusetts Practice family law volumes , written by attorney Monroe Inker and Professor Charles Kindregan .
These volumes are used by almost every family law attorney and judge in the commonwealth .
Contact Us
To learn more about how we can help you in divorce and family law cases , contact our law office in Beverly 's Cummings Center by calling 978-712-4268 .
The Rev N You Team is determined to get you to the next level in real estate investing .
Whether that ’s sharing our best tips , guiding you through our courses , going over a business plan / doing a portfolio review , finding deals together or just getting to know each other !
We believe real estate investing can help people live the life they love if they choose to take action and are serious about their financial future .
Want to fast track to the area of our site that will serve you best ?
We got you , click below and discover the best we have to offer , uniquely created for you .
Wine Announcement
The Wine development release 1.1.20 is now available .
What 's new in this release ( see below for details ) : - Show a dialog on application crashes .
- Much improved OLE copy / paste support .
- Various listview improvements .
- More Direct3D code cleanups .
- Various bug fixes .
The source is available from the following locations : http://ibiblio.org/pub/linux/system/emulators/wine/wine-1.1.20.tar.bz2
http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/wine/wine-1.1.20.tar.bz2
Binary packages for various distributions will be available from : http://www.winehq.org/site/download
You will find documentation on http://www.winehq.org/site/documentation
You can also get the current source directly from the git repository .
Check http://www.winehq.org/site/git for details .
Wine is available thanks to the work of many people .
See the file AUTHORS in the distribution for the complete list .
----------------------------------------------------------------
Bugs fixed in 1.1.20 : 2221 Hyper Chem v7.5 does n't open / save files 4464 d3dx9_*.dll are unimplemented 9084 Panzer General III SE pinkish text instead of transparent 9102 Panzer General III Scorched Earth in - game crash ( memcpy ) 9637 Switchball only shows a blank screen 10253 Fraps does not record videos or take a screenshot 11716 star wars battlefront crashes with sound enabled 12040 Stronghold 2 1.4 : crash when starting the application 12057 Power !
Estimator renders numerical cell text incorrectly 12393 adobe illustrator 10 crashed on startup 12560 Perfect World : Corrupt Bitmap Images 13563 Nestopia : crashes with enabled shaders 13820 Yahoo !
Messenger 9.0 beta hangs on login 13825 Morrowind pagefaults when trying to run fullscreen with missing videos 14456 Diablo II hangs when it loses focus 14812 dsound bug causes games to crash 14970 everquest crashes in winmm 15081 Perfect World - Grey Characters 15088 Lotus Approach page faults on open dialog 15172 File Names with spaces seen as seperate files 15303 dragonshard crashes or presents a corurpted screen 15494 ddraw_test throws an exception when run 15557 GTA Trylogy can't install 15566 GTA 3 does n't find DVD 15575 Word Pro table nubmers get reformatted 15603 Screen periodically erased in Starfleet Command II 15622 Everquest crashes 15630 Program LaTeXPiX crashes at startup 15764 Homeworld 2 Patch ( homeworld2_update_en_10_11.exe ) to v1.1 : crash during setup 15881 Pharaoh - can't play on fullscreen 16613 A Vampyre Story Demo installer does n't work 16989 Cobra 11 Nitro : Cars drawn as artifacts 17198 World Editor : Tree Component of Unit Editor does n't ( re ) draw correctly 17397 Ventrilo 3.0.4 wo n't initialize GSM 6.10 codec stream 17478
Fix dpa warning from comctl32 / listview .c 17498 winemaker fails on 64 - bit systems 17528 3D Mark 2001 SE Dragothic : Textures not rendered on running humans 17774 Fable crashes on starting a new or existing game 17910 Black & White : Crashes in texture code at start 17984 Invalid handle for RegOpenKeyExA in win64 bit application 17987 Autocad toolbars mis-sized 17991 QueryPathOfRegTypeLib fails to locate typelib when ( major.minor ) = ( 0xffff.0xffff ) 18007 Subtitle Workshop " Save as .. " selection menu not appearing 18030 Images not show ( or flickering ) in old app 18076 SmartDraw.exe : unimplemented function gdiplus.dll.GdipBitmapSetResolution 18090 Watchtower Library no longer starts 18111 Powerhorse crashes 18114 rpcrt4.NdrDllCanUnloadNow : COM proxy / stub factory reference count eval incorrect ( crashes Visual Studio 2005 on exit ) 18125 Drawing problem in Wine 18150 Foobar2000 properties dialog is blank 18155 Approach crashes on File , Export ----------------------------------------------------------------
Changes since 1.1.19 : Alexandre Julliard ( 18 ) : c2 man :
Fix the array reference syntax and the return value regexps .
user32/tests : Fix a couple of test failures on Windows .
user32/tests : Fix a few sysparams tests on various Windows versions .
configure : Remove checks for headers that are no longer used .
jscript : Avoid size_t in printf width specifier .
ws2_32/tests : Avoid sizeof in traces .
kernel32 : Make sure the string is properly terminated in QueryFullProcessImageNameW .
dbghelp :
Add a few more 64 - bit symbol functions .
imagehlp : Forward some more 64 - bit functions to dbghelp .
winex11.drv :
Do n't give focus to a minimized window upon take focus .
include :
Add defines for 32 - bit dbghelp functions on 64 - bit .
comctl32 : Repaint comboex control upon WM_SETREDRAW , like other common controls do .
advapi32/ tests : Fix a couple of test failures on Vista .
user32/tests : Fix a couple of dimension checks on W2k3 and Vista .
include : Fix the SYSTEM_CACHE_INFORMATION structure for Win64 .
include : Fix the DDE structures for 64 - bit .
user32 : Fix the DDE service formatting for 64 - bit .
user32/tests :
Do n't try to unpack or free invalid handles .
Andrew Nguyen ( 1 ) : gdiplus : Stub GdipBitmapSetResolution .
André Hentschel ( 9 ) : start : Correct German translation .
winemaker : Add - m32 flag to support winegcc - changes .
winemaker :
Fix whitespace handling for libs .
winemaker : Fix wrong place for case - check .
winemaker : Parse include dirs from vcproj file .
winemaker : Remove unused function .
winemaker : Print version in Makefile header .
winemaker : Print all copyrights in banner .
winemaker : Canonicalize directory name if used as target name .
Aric Stewart ( 23 ) : msctf/test : Test enabling and disabling Language Profiles .
msctf/tests :
Add framework for a TextService for testing .
msctf : Correct order of arguments to OnSetFocus sink call .
msctf : Release focused DocumentMgr on Deactivate and make sure to do a OnSetFocus Sink . msctf : ITfDocumentMgr:: GetBase returns the top if there is only one context pushed .
msctf : Correct index for being unable to pop last context .
We need to leave one behind .
msctf :
Add locking flags .
msctf : Helper functions for generating DWORD cookies .
msctf/tests : Setup test framework for ITfThreadMgrEventSink .
msctf/tests :
Test activation and deactivation of a text service .
msctf/tests : Test DocumentMgr creation and Focus .
msctf/tests : Test ITfContext Push , Pop , GetTop and GetBase .
msctf/tests : Add ITextStoreACP interface for testing .
msctf :
Make use of generated cookies in sinks to allow 64 bit compatibility .
msctf : Add ITfKeystrokeMgr framework to ThreadMgr. msctf : Define ITfKeyEventSink .
msctf : Define the TF_MOD _ * Constants .
msctf/tests : Framework for testing ITfKeystrokeMgr. msctf/tests : Test ITfKeystrokeMgr:: UnpreserveKey and ITfKeystrokeMgr :: PreserveKey .
msctf/tests : Test ITfKeystrokeMgr::IsPreservedKey .
msctf/tests :
Test framework for ITfKeyEventSink .
ole32 : CoGetTreatAsClass should return S_FALSE if it cannot even find the key for the requested CLSID .
msctf/tests : Use ITfInputProcessorProfiles :: GetCurrentLanguage to get gLangid .
Austin English ( 2 ) : wineps.drv :
Fix a memory leak .
ole32 : Rename a macro to prevent a conflict on NetBSD .
Brad Martin ( 1 ) : wined3d : Fix prototype for EnumAdapterModes .
Christian Costa ( 19 ) : quartz : Data may be incomplete at the end of file so do not assert if we have less data than expected .
amstream : Turn Initialize FIXME into a TRACE .
amstream : Initialize the stream in OpenFile if not done before .
amstream / tests : Beginning of tests .
amstream / tests : Fix crosstest build .
mciqtz32 : Use opened state to avoid device to be closed several times .
mciqtz32 : Fix some traces .
mciqtz32 : Hook MCI_STOP .
mciqtz32 : Show messages in hex as they are defines in headers .
amstream / tests : Improve render file test .
Move OpenFile specific test into a separate test function .
winedump :
When generating preamble , use 4 spaces instead of tabs .
Remove extra break .
xmllite : Add stubbed dll for xmllite .
ddraw : Handle refcount of lights when interacting with viewport .
ddraw / tests :
Add tests for refcount handling of light with viewport .
d3dxof : Accept longer string size .
mciqtz32 : Remove all remaining tabs .
mciqtz32 : Move MCIQTZ_mciGetOpenDev at the top and always use it .
mciqtz32 : Make sure the device is valid before starting the play .
mciqtz32 : Stop the device only after param and device checks are done .
Colin Finck ( 1 ) : mshtml : Fix the size passed to MultiByteToWideChar .
Damjan Jovanovic ( 1 ) : winemenubuilder : Build freedesktop MIME type list for later use .
Dan Kegel ( 1 ) : ntdll : Add missing valgrind hook in RtlAllocateHeap .
David Adam ( 4 ) : ddraw : Remove useless comments .
d3d8 : Add tests for IDirect3D8 Device_Reset. d3d9 : Add tests for IDirect3D9 Device_Reset .
wined3d : SetDepthStencilSurface is always called when AutoDepthStencil is enabled .
Detlef Riekenberg ( 5 ) : oleaut32 : VarCat must use localized names for VT_BOOL .
oleaut32/tests : Replace lstrcpyW and lstrcatW with memcpy to fix failures on win95 .
msi/tests : Replace lstrcatW with memcpy to fix failures on win95 .
winetest :
Add support for -- version , -- help and /?. winetest : Add option -x to extract all test .
Dmitry Kislyuk ( 1 ) : kernel32 : Added GetPrivateProfileSection and GetPrivateProfileString tests for empty section scenario .
Dmitry Timoshkov ( 2 ) : oleaut32 : Add some additional tests for QueryPathOfRegTypeLib , make them pass under Wine. winedbg :
Fix a typo in the comment .
Dylan Smith ( 1 ) : richedit : Null terminate streamed out rich text .
Florian Köberle ( 2 ) : comctl32/tests :
Test expanding of a invisible sub tree .
comctl32 : Fix expanding of invisible sub trees .
Francois Gouget ( 9 ) : wineesd.drv :
Add a trailing '
' to a WARN ( ) trace .
dinput : Add a trailing '
' to ERR ( ) messages .
Assorted spelling fixes . winapi : parse_c_declarations ( ) is not used .
Remove it . winapi : Fix the parse_c_declaration ( ) prototype and remove unused variables .
winapi : trampoline is not used so remove it .
winapi : Remove some dead code .
winapi : Fix the C - parser combined getter / setter prototypes .
wined3d : Avoid using an implicit value to set fogcoord to 0.0 .
Frans Kool ( 8 ) : mshtml : Corrected Dutch translations .
wordpad : Fixed Dutch translations .
setupapi : Fixed Dutch translations .
reg : Fixed Dutch translations .
regedit : Fixed Dutch translations .
shell32 : Fixed Dutch translations .
kernel32 : Added Dutch translations .
crypt32 : Corrected Dutch translations .
Ge van Geldorp ( 2 ) : secur32 : Implement more GetUserNameEx ( ) formats .
secur32/tests : Fix GetUserNameEx ( ) tests .
Giuseppe Bilotta ( 1 ) : comctl32/toolbar : Fix trace info for TOOLBAR_InternalInsertButtonsT .
Hans Leidekker ( 13 ) : msi : Support setting summary information by importing a _Summary Information table .
user32 : By default , return all zeroes in the first half of the keyboard layout name .
winex11.drv : Set HKCU \Keyboard Layout \Preload key .
advapi32 : Fix buffer size query for CreateWellKnownSid. msvcrt : Implement ___lc_codepage_func , ___lc_collate_cp_func and ___lc_handle_func.
programs :
Add stub termsv.exe .
msi : Fix a double free .
msi : Fix another double free .
server :
Add requests to set and retrieve default dacl .
ntdll : Implement NtQuery/ SetInformationToken( TokenDefaultDacl ) .
kernel32 : Improve GetVolumePathName stub .
wininet : Fix parsing of cookies with attributes .
wininet : Replace any existing cookie header .
Henri Verbeet ( 35 ) : wined3d : Pass a struct wined3d_shader_dst_param to shader_arb_get_write_mask( ) .
wined3d : Get rid of the " token " field from struct wined3d_shader_dst_param .
wined3d : Do n't die if a vertex shader has samplers .
wined3d : Group instruction context information together in struct wined3d_shader_context .
wined3d : Introduce struct wined3d_shader_src_param .
wined3d : Store the register type in struct wined3d_shader_src_param .
wined3d : Store the register index in struct wined3d_shader_src_param .
wined3d : Store the source modifiers in struct wined3d_shader_src_param .
wined3d : Create a relative addressing token for 1.x shaders in the frontend .
wined3d : Store the source relative addressing token as a struct wined3d_shader_src_param .
wined3d : Store the destination relative addressing token as a struct wined3d_shader_src_param .
wined3d : Pass a struct wined3d_shader_src_param to shader_glsl_get_register_name( ) for the relative addressing token .
wined3d : Pass a struct wined3d_shader_src_param to shader_glsl_add_src_param ( ) .
wined3d : Simplify replicating the .x swizzle in shader_hw_mov( ) .
wined3d : Pass a struct wined3d_shader_src_param to shader_arb_add_src_param ( ) .
wined3d : Pass a struct wined3d_shader_src_param to pshader_gen_input_modifier_line( ) .
wined3d : Explicitly pass the source modifier to shader_glsl_gen_modifier ( ) .
wined3d : Store the source swizzle in struct wined3d_shader_src_param .
wined3d : Add a separate function for converting swizzles to strings .
wined3d : Pass a struct wined3d_shader_src_param to shader_glsl_get_swizzle( ) .
wined3d : Pass a struct wined3d_shader_src_param to shader_arb_get_swizzle( ) .
wined3d : Get rid of the token field from struct wined3d_shader_src_param .
wined3d : Get rid of the WINED3DVS _ * swizzle constants .
wined3d : Handle the swizzle shift in the frontend rather than the backend .
wined3d : Handle the source modifier shift in the frontend rather than the backend .
wined3d : Handle the destination modifier shift in the frontend rather than the backend .
wined3d : Move some frontend specfic code to baseshader .c. wined3d : Move frontend specfic constants to baseshader .c. wined3d : Downgrade an ERR to a WARN .
wined3d : Get rid of the shared_handle parameter .
wined3d : Handle the opcode specific control shift in the frontend rather than the backend .
wined3d : Use a more reasonable limit for the number of mipmap levels .
wined3d : The first shader token should be the version token .
wined3d : Add a function to read an opcode from SM1 - 3 bytecode .
wined3d : Use shader_sm1_read_opcode( ) in shader_get_registers_used ( ) .
Huw Davies ( 50 ) : ole32 : Store a cached version of the local data object 's enumeration .
ole32 : Change helper function to return the matching entry .
ole32 : Rewrite the clipboard window's wndproc to use the cached enum data .
ole32 : Add support for rendering stream data to the clipboard .
ole32 : Make all formats available to the clipboard .
ole32 : Add support for rendering storage data to the clipboard .
ole32 : Use helper function to duplicate global memory .
ole32 : Unicodify window creation .
Do n't register the class as global .
ole32 : Add a helper function to return the ole clipboard structure .
ole32 : Add a helper function to set and release the source IDataObject .
ole32 : Add a function to return ( and possibly create ) the clipboard 's window .
ole32 : Do n't pass a window if we 're reading from the clipboard .
ole32 : Rename a variable .
ole32 : Store the marshalled IDataObject in a window property of the clipboard window .
ole32 : If there 's a current data object on the ole clipboard GetData should use it .
ole32/ tests :
Tests that show the consumer data object is n't a singleton .
ole32 : The consumer data object is not a singleton , but reflects the state of the clipboard when it was acquired .
ole32 : Now that the consumer side of the clipboard separated from the main clipboard object , simplify the initialization code .
ole32 : After a call to GetData the consumer should hold a ref on the source data object .
ole32/tests :
Add a few more reference count tests .
ole32 : Add support for getting global handle objects from a flushed clipboard .
ole32 : Add support for getting stream based objects from a flushed clipboard .
ole32 : Add support for getting storage based objects from a flushed clipboard .
ole32 : OleFlushClipboard should render all formats to the clipboard .
ole32 : Try global and stream types if the requested types do n't match the source .
ole32/tests : Tests for a flushed clipboard .
wineps.drv :
Fix compile error .
winex11.drv :
Fix ordering of synthesized text formats .
winex11.drv :
Fix typo so that emf -> mfpict synthesis works .
ole32 : Make get_priv_data return target device ptrs ( rather than offsets ) and add a couple of helper functions to simplify this process .
ole32 : Check that the target devices match .
ole32 : Do n't set cf_dataobject if we 're clearing the clipboard .
ole32 : Add support for enumerating non -ole clipboard formats .
user32/tests : Fix tests on win9x .
ole32/tests : OleGetClipboard does n't return the same object under win9x , winme and nt4 .
ole32/tests : win9x , winme and nt4 ignore the target device .
ole32/tests : win9x and winme do n't have CF_UNICODETEXT .
ole32/ tests : win64 sets the lsb of the final DWORD in the ole private data header .
ole32/tests : win9x and winme do n't enumerate duplicated cfFormats .
ole32/tests :
Add some tests to exercise the enumerator .
ole32 : Improve the TRACEs by printing the fmtetc contents .
ole32/tests : Rename variable to avoid a conflict on some systems .
ole32/tests :
For win9x and winme the size of the data on the clipboard may be larger than expected .
ole32 : Add a stub for OleCreateFromDataEx .
ole32 : Register a few more clipboard formats and make them have global scope .
ole32 : Rewrite OleQueryCreateFromData so it compares clipboard format ids rather than strings and be sure to free the enumerator .
ole32 : Expose the marshalled data on the clipboard rather than as a window prop so that other processes can actually read it .
ole32 : Fix a couple of comments .
winex11.drv : Print clipboard formats in hex .
ole32/ tests : Improve the traces in the test .
Igor Tarasov ( 3 ) : comctl32 : Fix regression caused by 2d751ee56afced908d0788b936fa4aac1b29f1a1. comctl32 : Fix typo in TOOLBAR_SetButtonSize code .
comctl32 : TOOLBAR_SetImageList should recalculate toolbar only if it is necessary .
Jacek Caban ( 1 ) : mshtml : Added IPersistHistory stub implementation .
Jeff Latimer ( 3 ) : ws2_32 : WSAAddressToStringA should return length of ANSI address string and should include the trailing null .
ws2_32 : WSAAddressToStringW should return length of unicode address string should and include the trailing null .
include : Bring in6_addr into line with the MS definition .
Jesse Allen ( 2 ) : dsound : Allow a special cbSize case in CreateSoundBuffer .
dsound :
Fix test for some windows versions .
Juan Lang ( 1 ) : crypt32 : Fix a test failure on Windows 98 .
Kai Blin ( 2 ) : secur32 : Work around ntlm_auth in Samba 3.0.28a being broken for cached credentials .
sxs : Implement a stub CreateAssemblyCache to make Publish or Perish install .
Ken Sharp ( 1 ) : winedbg : Correct slight typo in winedbg dialog .
Ken Thomases ( 5 ) : winecoreaudio : Eliminate some unnecessary code .
winecoreaudio : Avoid potential deadlock in wodOpen. winecoreaudio : Avoid a race between closing and opening the wave
Out device .
winecoreaudio :
For waveOut , do n't use STOPPED state ; it 's redundant .
winecoreaudio : Avoid a race between closing and opening the wave
In device .
Konstantin Kondratyuk ( 1 ) : fonts : Add Kazakhstan 's symbols into tahoma .
Marcus Meissner ( 1 ) : amstream / tests : Handle directdraw not being created ( Coverity 920 ) .
Michael Stefaniuc ( 11 ) : opengl32 : Remove superfluous pointer casts .
mshtml/tests : Replace long with LONG .
riched20 / tests :
Use better types than long .
ws 2_32 : Use better types for some variables .
msi : Remove superfluous cast of a MSIHANDLE in a TRACE ( ) .
msi/tests : Replace long with LONG .
comdlg32 : Fix the Slovak translation .
wordpad : " Fix " the Turkish translation .
rpcrt4 : Replace some usage of the long type .
winedbg : Remove some superfluous pointer casts .
user32/tests :
Do n't use the long type .
Mikołaj Zalewski ( 1 ) : winedbg :
Add a crash dialog for -- auto mode .
Nicolas Le Cam ( 7 ) : msi/tests : Test MsiRecordGetString on null and empty strings .
msi : Fix buffer length value returned by MSI_RecordGetStringW on null and empty strings .
wininet / tests : Fix HttpSendRequestW test on IE5 .
msi : Enfore use of GetFileAttributes return value .
msi/tests :
Add empty dir test for the DrLocator part of the AppSearch action .
msi : Fix ACTION_AppSearchDr on empty path .
msi/tests :
Fix package test when run on a different drive than C:\. Nikolay Sivov ( 19 ) : comctl32/ listview : Fix selection handling in LVM_SORTITEMS ( with some tests ) .
comctl32/ listview : Fix a regression caused by 59148d0bb549 ff8690f15f14571a715e3fdd43a5 . comctl32/listview : Fix some comment typos .
comctl32/ listview : Implemented LVM_SORTITEMSEX.
comctl32/listview : Add a ListView_GetTextBkColor macro .
comctl32 / listview : Slightly enlarge rectangle when drawing checkbox .
comctl32/ listview : Switching to / from LVS_OWNERDATA
is n't allowed after creation .
comctl32/ listview : Fix a regression caused by 9c1a0e468f5cfbe9d863852ed5a42390f2cbfeb4. comctl32/listview : Some tests for LVS_SINGLESEL switchover .
fonts :
Fix a typo in copyright text .
comctl32/ listview : LVM_SETITEM is unsupported on LVS_OWNERDATA .
comctl32/listview : Add a TRACE ( .. ) to LISTVIEW_CreateHeader .
comctl32/ listview : Header should be created when LVS_EX_HEADERDRAGDROP set .
comctl32/ listview : Additional tests for LVM_GETSUBITEMRECT .
comctl32/listview : Partial fix for LVM_GETSUBITEMRECT
for item == - 1 . comctl32/tests : Remove tests failing on most platforms .
comctl32/tests : Existing items are n't resorted after LVS_SORTASCENDING added .
comctl32/tests : Tests for LVM_GETCOLUMNORDERARRAY : it actually uses HDM_GETORDERARRAY .
comctl32/listview : Fix LVM_GETCOLUMNORDERARRAY
passing message to header .
Paul TBBle Hampson ( 1 ) : dinput :
Add missing newline to trace message .
Paul Vriens ( 15 ) : usp10 / tests : Skip some tests on WinME . shell32/ tests : Fix some test failures on Vista .
gdi32/tests : Skip several tests on Win9x .
rpcrt4 : Fix NdrDllCanUnloadNow .
shell32/tests : Fix some test failures on NT4 .
gdi32/tests : Fix a test failure on NT4 .
shell32/ tests : Fix a test failure on Win95 and NT4 .
include : Add missing GdipGetLogFontA definition .
gdiplus : Return the correct result in GdipCreateFontFromLogfontA. gdiplus : Convert lfFaceName from W to A , not the other way around .
gdiplus /tests :
Fix test failures on Win98 by using A - functions .
shell32/tests : Fix some test failures on Win9x and NT4 .
shell32/tests : Fix a test failure on Win98 .
setupapi/tests : Fix a test failure on Win98 .
gdiplus/tests : Fix a test failure on Win98 .
Peter Schauer ( 1 ) : comctl32 / listview : Fix warning from DPA_GetPtr. Reece Dunn ( 2 ) : winecfg :
Fix the size of the application static text in Spanish .
winecfg :
Fix the size of the application static text in Japanese .
Rein Klazes ( 5 ) : msvcrt : Correct implementation of _ecvt ( ) with tests .
user32 : When repainting a static control with SS_BITMAP style , do not erase the background if there is no valid bitmap to paint .
msvcrt :
Do not set the windows version to 0.5 . msvcrt /tests : Add some tests for strtok ( ) .
comdlg32 : Fix a crash in LookIn combo box WM_COMMAND message handler .
Roderick Colenbrander ( 3 ) : wined3d : Update Nvidia driver version information .
wined3d : Report the driver description as reported by the Windows drivers when a device string is entered in our device table .
opengl : Add WGL_EXT_pixel_format_packed_float support .
Stefan Dösinger ( 5 ) : wined3d : Add a more formal framework for driver quirks .
wined3d : Move the generic mac glsl uniform fixup to the quirk table .
wined3d : Move the remaining quirks into the quirk table .
wined3d : Reserve additional GLSL constants on some drivers .
wined3d : Merge match_apple and implementation_is_apple .
Tobias Jakobi ( 2 ) : wined3d : Add newline to fixme .
wined3d : Rename some NP2 fixup variables and update comments .
Vincent Povirk ( 2 ) : mciavi32 : Remove unnecessary string buffers in MCIAVI_mciSet. shell32 : Implement SHGetNewLinkInfo[ AW ] .
Vitaliy Margolen ( 5 ) : dinput : Make EnumDevices and GetObjectInfo consistent about GUIDs .
dinput : Remove redundant stuff .
dinput : Make props array a part of the generic joystick struct .
dinput : Convert evdev joystick to new base class .
dinput :
Use more friendly name for the joystick than its device path .
Łukasz Wojniłowicz ( 2 ) : kernel32 : Added Polish translations .
cmd : Updated Polish translations .
-- Alexandre Julliard julliard@winehq.org
Amazing and terrifying all at once , reality augmenting contact lenses are nearly real .
Like , they 're almost here .
Circuits and antennas and LEDs in a contact lens , generating virtual imagery , Predator style .
In your eyeball .
Or , this bunny's :
Advertisement
University of Washington Associate Professor of Biotechnology Babak A. Parviz describes the current state of the art , and it 's pretty intense .
They 're trialing mockups of the lenses — which are sorta like older gas permeable lenses except with independently fabricated microcomponents like , biosensors and circuits — in bunnies ' eyeballs right now , using lens with integrated metal circuits , with no problems for up to 20 minutes of wear .
They 're up to one LED for display now that 's powered wirelessly by RF , but eventually , what 's embedded in the lenses will include hundreds of LEDs to form images , and semi- transparent optoelectronics like antennas .
They 've still got some challenges before they 're embedded in everybody 's eyeball , like the fact red LEDs contain toxic substances you do n't want to shove in your eyeball .
And figuring out whether to use an active display , like an array of LED pixels — which is the current main road forward — or a passive display using ambient light that would require less power .
What 's crazy is that for a truly vivid LED display , because of the way your eye focuses , they need to build another tiny array of lenses into the main lens so the virtual image would look visible a foot or so away .
Or they use an array of microlasers .
Power will come from RF or solar energy .
Advertisement
Bottom line says Parviz :
All the basic technologies needed to build functional contact lenses are in place .
We 've tested our first few prototypes on animals , proving that the platform can be safe .
What we need to do now is show all the subsystems working together , shrink some of the components even more , and extend the RF power harvesting to higher efficiencies and to distances greater than the few centimeters we have now .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
[ IEEE Spectrum ]
<!--
Add Google anlytics after omniture -->
Some time ago I blogged about a new open - source project I 'm involved in called jsHub .
Since then there 's been a little bit of confusion about what jsHub is all about .
Hopefully , I can clear this up in this blog post with an example .
The home page of World Wrestling Entertainment has a total of 11 pieces of JavaScript for tracking and ad-serving .
If you have Ghostery installed in your browser it will tell you that that page contains the following : Using our own internal tool we see that page contains DoubleClick Google Analytics ( which they include three times ) , LeadBack Tacoda and comScore Beacon
The problems with having so many different pieces of tracking JavaScript are many : 1 . They add to the page weight .
In the case of WWE the HTML of the page is 54687 bytes ( the total non-graphic content downloaded is 433211 bytes ) .
The JavaScript for tracking and ad- serving is a total of 125454 .
i.e. 29 % of the non-graphic content of that page is JavaScript code used to track usage and serve ads .
2 . They create a risk of data integrity problems .
A typical problem occurs when one piece of JavaScript works and sends tracking information back and another does n't .
This creates a discrepancy between products that is a problem when trying to reconcile page counts between say an analytics product and an advertising system .
This is not a theoretical problem .
It 's easy to have it occur because a page may be viewed and the user may hit stop while the page is loading .
A piece of JavaScript near the top of the page may have executed , while a piece near the bottom has not .
Indeed , the page code for the WWE site contains the comment : indicating how important placement of JavaScript code is .3 .
They add unnecessary processing time .
Just take a look at this shot of downloading all the JavaScript for the WWE page .
This was taken using Firebug and shows how wasteful all that extra code is in terms of download time , and execution time .
4 .
They are next to impossible to check for security problems .
The only option the web master of WWE.com has is to run all the JavaScript he receives from third - parties through something like Google Caja to ensure that it 's safe , or insist that they are ADsafe Here , for example , is a section of code from Ominture 's tracker used on the WWE page :
But the web master actually does n't have that luxury because typically the JavaScript is being loaded remotely from the analytics vendor 's or ad - server 's web site and the end web master has no control at all over what 's being loaded .
Just look at what happened to the New York Times when a malicious ad turned into malware .
In the case of WWE there are 24 includes of JavaScript code from web sites that WWE do not control .
And because of the browser security model all these pieces of code are getting equal access to the page .
5 . End-users have no way to understand what they are doing .
Although programs like Ghostery are excellent they can't tell you what 's actually happening inside that JavaScript .
For example , there 's no easy way for an end - user to determine what information is being gathered , or where it 's being sent .
There is a tool called WASP but it 's aimed at people debugging web site tagging problems , not at the privacy - aware consumer .
Here 's what WASP says about Tacoda on the WWE web site : 6 . They represent duplicated effort as vendors are forced to write and maintain their own JavaScript code .
For example , all those tags have to find a way to send data back to their respective servers meaning there 's duplicated code that has to be tested on a wide range of browsers to ensure that it all works .
7 .
Their inner working are often obscure .
See above !
jsHub is designed to eliminate these problems .
It 's a single piece of JavaScript ( a " tag " ) that can handle reading different sorts of page information and then send them to many different vendors ' products .
One piece of code to send to Google Analytics , Omniture SiteCatalyst , WebTrends and Mixpanel .
Instead of one piece of JavaScript per vendor , jsHub has a single piece of code ( the " hub " ) and plugins that know how to translate into the required wire protocol for each vendor .
Vendors only maintain the plugin for their product .
With one piece of code the page weight is less , there 's no danger of one product getting a page view and another not and processing time is reduced .
Then to make the entire thing debuggable and easy for an end - user to understand , there 's the tag inspector .
It 's a user interface that talks to the jsHub tag and interrogates its operation .
That way a user can see what 's being gathered on a page , and who is receiving it .
Since the entire project is open - source it 's possible to inspect the code to ensure that it is well written and secure .
And it 's licensed under a BSD - license so that it 's open and includeable everywhere .
To further ensure that the code is of high - quality ( and can handle all the different types of browsers that it might be executed in ) , there 's a complete test suite and cross - browser testing system .
To make exactly what data is being gathered clear we are also proposing ( public domain ) standards for marking up page metadata using microformats .
Our proposed standard is called hPage We 're just getting started with jsHub .
It 's running on a small number of sites and we 're working to build vendor interest .
We strongly believe that a shared , open - source tag is the best solution for the entire web world .
If you want to get involved , contact the team
Labels : day job , pseudo - randomness
- 4 -
CONFIDENTIAL - GDS
- strong emphasis should be placed on encouraging leaders of
key developing countries to support population assistance pro-
grams .
You underscore that the objective of the US is to work
closely with others rather than to seek to impose our views on
others , and that in all efforts we recognize the basic dignity of
the individual and his or her right to freely choose family goals
and family planning alternatives ; - the recommendation contained in paragraph 21 ( c ) of the Executive
Summary dealing with the announcement of a United States national
population goal is outside the purview of the scope of NSSM 200 ,
but the Under Secretaries Committee , in conjunction with all appro -
priate agencies of the Executive Branch , may wish to make further
recommendations to the President on the subject ; - implementation of a US worldwide population strategy will involve
careful coordination -- the response to NSSM 200 study is a good
beginning , but that there is a need for further examination of the
mix of US assistance strategy and its most efficient application ; - the Chairman , NSC Under Secretaries Committee , is assigned the
responsbility to define and develop policy in the population field
and to coordinate its implementation beyond the NSSM 200 response ,
and ist to submit to you an initial report within six months from the
date of the NSDM on the implementation of this policy , with recom -
mendations for any modification in our strategy , funding programs ,
and , particularly , the identification of possible deficiencies .
There
would be a requirement for annual reports thereafter ; - the Chairman is authorized to request other appropriate bodies and
agencies to assist him in this task as required .
For the purpose
of implementing this NSDM , the Under Secretaries Committee should
include , ex officio , representatives of the following agencies : Council of Environmental Quality ;
Office of Management and Budget ;
President 's Science Adviser .
OMB and CEQ concur in the draft NSDM .
CONFIDENTIAL - GDS
Hello !
Below is a comic about Robocop , written by Chris Hastings and drawn by me .
Here is what Chris has to say about it :
“ Hello Nedroidians !
Anthony has asked me to provide a bit of context for this comic that has nothing to do with the everlasting friendship of Reginald and the potato monster .
It is simply this .
I wanted to write some stupid Robocop comics , and then try to get them printed in the upcoming ( not stupid ) series by Dynamite comics .
Carly Monardo , Alessandro Blasioli , and I sat around and made fun of Robocop in our living room for a while .
Then I wrote a script .
Then I asked Anthony to draw it , because he ’s great .
We sent it off to the publisher saying we would like to make goofy Robocop comics for them , and this is an example .
It has been a month with no response .
So here you go ! ”
( Click to see larger images ; they can be tough to read at this size )
Wowee !
Infants who excel at processing new information at 6 - and 12 - months - old , typically excel in intelligence and academic achievements as young adults in their 20's , according to a study directed by Case Western Reserve University Psychologist Joseph Fagan .
Fagan 's
" The prediction , from infancy , of adult IQ and achievement , " published in the journal Intelligence , is receiving accolades .
Mensa International , Limited , -- the international organization of 100,000 people who score at the 98 percentile on IQ tests — and their Mensa Education & Research Foundation , recently recognized Fagan 's work with the 2009 Award for Excellence in Research .
The research honored by the Mensa groups examined the question of whether the more intelligent infant becomes the more intelligent and more highly achieving adult .
" Yes " is the answer Fagan and his research team found .
Intelligence involves processing new information and then making associations with other information an individual encounters throughout life .
These processes work together to allow an individual to grow in knowledge , says Fagan .
Over 20 years ago , Fagan developed the Fagan Test of Infant Intelligence .
The test measures the response infants have to pictures of novel objects .
The infant test works by pairing two pictures together for a set period of time .
A researcher watches the length of time an infant looks at the pictures .
Then one of these pictures is paired with a new image and again the time the infant focuses on the new and old images is recorded .
Infants generally spend about 60 percent of the time looking at new images .
In the research project for the award - winning paper , Fagan and his co-investigators Cynthia Holland from Cuyahoga Community College and undergraduate student Karyn Wheeler revisited 61 young adults , who had taken the Fagan Test as babies in their first year of life .
They also looked at their first IQ tests at the age of 3 and compared them with their scores at 21 years old .
They discovered an association with intelligence between this early ability to process information and IQ during their young adult years .
These infants with ability to process new information at an early age showed higher levels of academic achievement later in life .
The researchers say that attention to novelty " tells us that intelligence is continuous from infancy to adulthood " and " underscore the importance of information processing as a means for studying intelligence . "
They added that this knowledge may help researchers also understand how genetics and environment can influence intelligence .
Source : Case Western Reserve University ( news : web )
Explore further Intelligent children more likely to become vegetarian
DUBAI , UAE — Default on a loan or bounce a check in Dubai and you could end up in debtors ’ prison .
That was the very Dickensian prospect facing Simon Ford , a boyish British entrepreneur whose “ alternative gift ” business sold rides in hot air balloons and Formula 1 racing cars to the party crowd in this Disneyesque city - state .
But the recession has hit Dubai hard and Ford ’s business foundered .
When his loans came due last June , he did what thousands of other expats have done .
He packed up his family and fled — a few hours ahead of the law .
Ford also left behind an anguished “ open letter ” to friends and creditors that neatly encapsulates the predicament of many expats in Dubai who took out loans during the flush times and now find themselves out of work and unable to keep up with the payments on their seaside villas and luxury cars .
“ I am not running away from debt , I am purely protecting those dearest to me and getting out of a country which , due to the lack of structured bankruptcy laws and a banking system which has zero flexibility on loan repayments , drives people to make horrible decisions , ” he wrote in an open letter to local media .
He promised to repay all of his creditors .
Dubai authorities wo n’t say precisely how many people have been jailed for their debts , but local news accounts put the number at about 1,200 — more than 40 percent of the total prison population .
Even trickier to gauge is how many others took Ford ’s route and simply fled .
Judging by the number of apparently abandoned BMW ’s and Mercedes gathering dust on city streets and the ensuing chatter on expats ’ discussion boards , the number is not insignificant .
One recent escapee has written a book about his flight .
Herve Jaubert , a former French intelligence agent who used to cruise around Dubai in a red Lamborghini , found the law breathing down his neck after his plans to manufacture “ luxury submarines ” became submerged in debt .
Jaubert explains that he bolted last year after government interrogators threatened to stick needles up his nose .
With 007 panache and a woman ’s all - encompassing burqa concealing his frogman gear , Jaubert slipped into the sea , swam out to a police patrol boat and disabled its fuel line so that it could not give chase .
He then used a rubber dingy to get safely beyond the UAE ’s territorial waters where he was met by a confederate in a sailboat .
Eight days later they landed in India .
The book , “ Escape from Dubai ” comes out next month .
But Jaubert ’s website has been blocked in Dubai and sale of his book will no doubt be banned here .
The Frenchman , now living in Florida , was tried in absentia and sentenced to five years imprisonment for fraud .
A number of U.S. citizens have been imprisoned for bounced checks , but the American Embassy — apparently in keeping with the local custom of casting a veil of silence over disturbing news — declined to provide specific figures .
For U.S. citizens with shaky balance sheets , the notion of fleeing in a rubber dingy might not be appealing .
Among the recommended alternatives “ engaging a local attorney is usually high on the list , ” said an embassy spokesman , Steven Pike .
It ’s easy to see how people got in over their heads in this glam desert playground .
During the boom years , when the real estate market was flying high , landlords demanded — and received — a year ’s rent paid in advance with a series of post - dated checks .
Banks , meanwhile , were eager to lend money to just about anyone with a get - rich - quick scheme ( luxury submarines ? ) — with only an undated , blank check as collateral .
But then the bubble burst .
Embarrassingly , the government of Dubai , with huge debts of its own , needed a bailout from neighboring Abu Dhabi to stay solvent .
The idea of jailing petty debtors strikes most Westerners as cruel .
The practice was abolished in Britain by the Debtors Act of 1869 ; it was abandoned even earlier in the U.S.
In most developed countries , bouncing a check or defaulting on a loan is a civil matter , not a criminal offense .
Dubai likes to think of itself as an island of modernity in the Middle East .
It attends carefully to its image as a destination for the rich and famous and as safe haven for their investment capital .
The negative publicity generated by the likes of Ford and Jaubert has spurred calls for reform , and a new government panel has been set up to overhaul financial laws .
One of the biggest backers of decriminalizing personal debt is Dubai Police Chief Dahi Khalfan Tamim , who says that chasing check - bouncers and locking them up is a waste of police resources .
“ My boss suggests these matters should be handled with a little more flexibility , especially for businessmen , ” said Buti a - Falasi , the police department ’s media adviser .
But the practice of treating a bad check as fraud is not entirely unpopular here .
Local historians say it goes back to the early days of Dubai ’s development as trading port , when merchants and ship owners exchanged signed checks as security warrants .
And in a traditional society , throwing deadbeats in jail is still seen as a good way of prodding the extended family to come to the rescue .
Ford , the failed entrepreneur , is back in England trying to start anew .
“ As you can imagine , it ’s been a rather traumatic few months , ” he said in response to an email query .
“ But I 'd like to focus on the future so I can make some solid progress on repaying people in Dubai . ”
WASHINGTON – The US Congress stands to vote on a bipartisan bill calling on US President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to categorically negate the UN's Goldstone Report on the Gaza war .
The Republican - Democrat motion is the brainchild of Congressmen Howard Berman ( D ) chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , and Congresswoman Illeana Ross - Lehtinen ( R ) .
Slip PM's Office : Bibi did n't call for inquiry commission Roni Sofer Following Washington
Post interview , Netanyahu 's office issues clarification : Bibi did not back independent inquiry into Gaza war to look into Goldstone Report charges PM's Office : Bibi did n't call for inquiry commission
It was backed by Democrat Congressmen Gary Ackerman and his Republican college Dan Barton , who hold senior positions on the House Subcommittee on the Middle East .
The bill noted the Goldstone Report 's one - sided call to probe alleged human rights violation by Israel , while completely ignoring " thousands of rocket attacks on Israel , " by Hamas and other Gaza groups for the eight years prior to the Israeli offensive in Gaza .
The motion further quotes Richard Goldstone himself , using excerpts of an interview he gave the Jewish daily Forward , in which he admits that the report 's findings are inadmissible in court .
The joint motion finds that the Goldstone Report negates Israel 's right to self - defense and that by failing to determine that Hamas and other terror groups are also to blame for war crimes , it was de facto swayed by the Islamist group 's misrepresentation of the facts .
The House is expected to vote in favor of the bill and rule the Goldstone Report as a " mirror of the UN's one - sided position against Israel , " and as one used by Israel 's enemies to excuse their operations .
Israel is under tremendous international pressure to further probe the events of Operation Cast Lead .
Special US envoy to the Middle East George Mitchell claims the Goldstone Report is one of the main reasons the Israeli - Palestinian peace negotiations have yet to resume .
Ceann Comhairle John O'Donoghue is to resign next week .
Mr O'Donoghue announced his decision this evening , after a day of pressure on him over his expense claims as Ceann Comhairle .
The controversy over his expenses has been dragging on for months .
Newspaper revelations about Mr O'Donoghue 's travel arrangements while he was Minister for Arts , Sport and Tourism damaged him .
However , the release on Friday of his expense claims as Ceann Comhairle sealed his fate .
The pressure built over the weekend , but it was taken to a whole new level in the Dáil chamber today , when Labour leader Eamon Gilmore dramatically told Mr O'Donoghue to his face that his position was untenable .
Mr Gilmore said the Ceann Comhairle would have to resign or be sacked .
Fine Gael ’s Enda Kenny quickly backed the call and negotiations ensued with the party whips .
At 10.30 pm , Mr O'Donoghue issued a statement saying he would resign next week , when he will make a statement to the Dáil .
The Labour Party welcomed the Ceann Comairle 's statement , but Fine Gael said the delay in his resignation would only do further damage to the office of the Ceann Comahirle .
Enda Kenny said he was still of the view that an immediate resignation is preferable .
With Ireland now having returned a ' yes ' vote , though , the outside pressure on Mr Klaus to sign will intensify once more .
This will increase yet further if the constitutional court throws out the challenge from Mr Kubera and his fellow senators within weeks rather than months , as many predict it will .
Last week , the German ambassador to the Prague held a private meeting with the court 's senior judge , which angry Eurosceptics claim was an attempt by Berlin to hurry the process along .
The Blue Peter team have set a world record for " mattress dominoes " .
They managed to get 100 people to create a human domino - effect at BBC Television Centre live on the programme .
VIA Technologies , Inc. Joins Linux Foundation
VIA ups its investment in Linux as market demand moves towards affordable , low power mobile devices
SAN FRANCISCO , September 8 , 2009 – The Linux Foundation , the nonprofit organization dedicated to accelerating the growth of Linux , today announced that VIA Technologies , Inc. has become its newest member .
VIA offers highly integrated low power x86 processor platforms that are being adopted in a wide range of netbooks , notebooks , desktops , servers , and embedded devices from leading brand names such as Dell , HP and Lenovo .
VIA is among a growing number of processor platform vendors that recognize the importance of working with the Linux community .
By collaborating at the technical and business levels , VIA can ensure its hardware and the technology of its partners are supported in the Linux kernel releases .
The company opened its specifications and code and began to adhere to a quarterly release schedule more than a year ago .
This move allows open source developers to easily support VIA ’s components .
“ VIA shares the Linux Foundation ’s goal of fostering the growth of the
Linux ecosystem , ” said Richard Brown , vice president of marketing , VIA Technologies , Inc .
“ We are seeing new momentum for Linux , particularly in the mobile space , and are excited about the potential of Linux in this segment and are investing considerable resources in supporting developments in this area . ”
VIA continues to work closely with the Linux community to ensure compatibility with its processor platforms by providing drivers , key documentation and source code .
For access this information , please visit the VIA Linux Portal .
“ VIA is among an important group of companies that are working with the Linux community to help create a whole new class of computing devices , ” said Amanda McPherson , vice president of marketing and developer programs .
“ VIA ’s membership represents an acknowledgement that we ’re seeing industry - wide : Linux is fueling the future of the PC industry .
We ’re excited to work with them on that future . ”
VIA Technologies Inc. will attend the first ever LinuxCon , organized by the Linux Foundation and sponsored by Dell , HP , IBM , Intel , Novell and Qualcomm .
LinuxCon is taking place September 21 - 23 , 2009 in Portland , Oregon .
To register , please visit our registration page .
As a new member , VIA Technologies , Inc. will also attend the invitation - only Linux Foundation Collaboration Summit in April 2010 .
About VIA Technologies , Inc .
VIA Technologies , Inc is the foremost fabless supplier of power efficient x86 processor platforms that are driving system innovation in the PC , client , ultra mobile and embedded markets .
Combining energy - saving processors with digital media chipsets and advanced connectivity , multimedia and networking silicon enables a broad spectrum of computing and communication platforms , including its widely acclaimed ultra compact mainboards .
Headquartered in Taipei , Taiwan , VIA ’s global network links the high tech centers of the US , Europe and Asia , and its customer base includes the world ’s top OEMs and system integrators .
www.via.com.tw
About the Linux Foundation
The Linux Foundation is a nonprofit consortium dedicated to fostering the growth of Linux .
Founded in 2007 , the Linux Foundation sponsors the work of Linux creator Linus Torvalds and is supported by leading Linux and open source companies and developers from around the world .
The Linux Foundation promotes , protects and standardizes Linux by hosting important workgroups , events and online resources such as Linux.com .
For more information , please visit the Linux Foundation website .
###
Trademarks : The Linux Foundation and Linux Standard Base are trademarks of The Linux Foundation .
Linux is a trademark of Linus Torvalds .
Former Pink Floyd lead singer , Roger Waters , has narrated an anti-Israel film produced by the United Nations .
The film depicts Arabs as innocent victims of the security barrier the IDF built to prevent Arab terrorists from carrying out attacks in Israel .
The 15 - minute film entitled " Walled Horizons " was made in honor of the fifth anniversary of the International Court of Justice 's ruling that the barrier is illegal .
Currently the wall is only 60 % complete and recent reports suggest that the government does not intend to finish the costly project .
Land of Israel activists have slammed the wall for dividing the Land of Israel and projecting a cowardly face to Israel ’s enemies .
The wall runs near the edge of Judea and Samaria , effectively cutting these areas off from the rest of Israel .
Opponents have suggested the wall could become a future border .
9 convinces the others that hiding will do them no good .
They must take the offensive if they are to survive , and they must discover why the machines want to destroy them in the first place .
We have a surprise for “ 9 ″ movie fans and FilmoFilia readers who will win “ 9 ″ Movie Giveaway .
Read more HERE
We bring you this batch of fascinating images from ‘s animated adventure / fantasy “ . ”
Check them out and enjoy !
As always , click on any of the photos to enlarge .
Once upon a time , the human race learned to create intelligent war machines .
The machines that a scientist has created rebelled and began to manufacture an army to wipe out humanity .
So , before his death a wise scientist creates a group of 9 rag dolls putting into them his own soul , and they survived the destruction .
transferred his life force into them via an invention .
The group of 9 rag dolls includes “ 1 ″ ( voiced by ) , a domineering war veteran , “ 2 ″ ( ) , an aged inventor , “ 3 & 4 ″ – twins – strange dolls , unable to speak , curious but very shy , “ 5 ″ ( ) , healer , mentor , great engineer and inventor , “ 6 ″ ( ) , a wild and impulsive visionary and artist , “ 7 ″ ( ) a group ’s sole female , a brave and self - sufficient warrior and “ 9 ″ ( ) good - hearted , thoughtful , and sincere .
He will easily risk his own life to save others .
Directed and written bywith co-writer “ 9 ″ is produced byandand will hit the theaters on 09/9/09 .
The Twenty Third United States Infantry
1812-1945
COAT OF ARMS OF THE TWENTY THIRD U.S. INFANTRY The Regimental Crest of the Twenty Third Infantry is symbolized by a shield with the colors white and blue .
Service in Alaska is portrayed by the totem pole with the Russian bear , the old owner , and the American eagle , the new owner , with a plate between them denoting the feast given the eagle by the bear .
The totem pole is encircled by the French Fourragere , a unit decoration presented the Regiment for service during the First World War .
The Maltese Cross represents the Civil War Fifth Corps with which the 23d Infantry served in the Army of the Potomac .
Philippine service is denoted by the sea lion of the Pacific .
The distinction of being the first American Regiment to circumnavigate the globe is indicated at the base of the shield by a globe and two steamships .
World War I service and commemoration of the Mont Blanc campaign of October , 1918 , is shown by the outline on the lower half of the shield .
The Regiment 's motto is : » We Serve « .
COLONEL JAY B. LOVLESS
From the uncertain days in Normandy to V - E Day , the 23d Regiment has been skillfully and courageously led by its commander , Colonel Jay B. Lovless .
A native Texan , Colonel Lovless was graduated from the University of Montana in 1925 .
Commissioned a second lieutenant of infantry in 1926 , he has served in numerous U.S. posts and in Hawaii and the Philippines .
He was graduated from the Infantry School in 1935 and the Command and General Staff School in 1940 .
A veteran of the 2nd Division since 2nd of February , 1940 , Colonel Lovless has served in the three Regiments of the Division , and commanded two of them .
Formerly a member of the Division General Staff , the Colonel wears the Legion of Merit , Silver Star with Oak Leaf Cluster , Bronze Star , French Legion of Honor , French Croix de Guerre and the Order of the Surovov , a recent Russian decoration .
THE COLONEL'S MESSAGE TO : OFFICERS AND MEN OF RCT 23 : From D plus 2 to V - E Day , this combat team has advanced , 1,665 miles against a clever and vicious enemy , has taken 17,253 prisoners , has never once been driven from ground once gained , has constantly defeated all enemy units in its path .
No combat team in the ETO has a better record of thoroughness , skill and never - ending success .
It is most fitting now , on the completion of the war in Europe , that full tribute be paid to all present and former members of this combat team .
It truly has been a team , magnificent in ever - willing , co-operative , eager , intelligent teamwork that has brought success repeatedly and without fail .
Bitter , dogged fighting against every imagineable adverse combination of terrain , weather and enemy forces has resulted in thinning the numbers of company and battery rosters .
Always , however , the ranks have been filled and the baton passed to capable new hands .
Some have remained on the team throughout the war in Europe .
Many have fallen bravely .
Many have joined the team along the way as reinforcements , quickly to become veterans .
In every action , however , teamwork has been improved , and the smooth efficiency of the fighting machine has been more deadly in conquering the enemy .
I am deeply and humbly proud to be your commander .
Each one of you , I know , is justly proud of your own fine part played on the team and of the splendid feats of your comrades and each of our component units .
I know you all join me in gratitude that we have finished this chapter of the war with such honor and glory .
If we are called upon to repeat our performance on other battlefields , we shall be ready .
[ signature ]
Colonel , 23d Infantry ,
Commanding
CHAPTER I As symbolized by its Regimental Crest , the Twenty Third United States Infantry has a long and honorable heritage , with a battleground covering the circumference of the globe .
It is a proud Regiment : Its sons , whose lives were a part of that immortal record , leave an enviable mark for those to come .
The Twenty Third Infantry was first organized by Act of Congress on 26 June , 1812 .
The Regiment took part in thirteen battles and skirmishes during the War of 1812 , including Sacketts Harbor , Lundy 's Lane and Fort Eire .
In 1815 , elements of the Regiment , along with other units , were consolidated to form the present 2nd Infantry .
The Regiment then ceased to exist until after the Civil War , when the 2nd Bn. of the 14th Infantry was redesignated as the Twenty Third Infantry .
This Battalion had been organized in 1862 , and served throughout the Civil War , amassing honors that are indicated by 11 of the streamers flying from the pikehead of the Regimental colors .
Congress authorized the present day 23d Infantry , effective 21 September , 1866 .
Until the Spanish - American War of 1898 , the Regiment alternated periods of activity in the Indian Wars serving in the Northwest , Arizona , Texas , New Mexico and Michigan .
Company E served as a garrison for the newly purchased Alaskan territory from 1869 to 1870 .
At the outbreak of the Spanish - American War , the Regiment sailed from San Francisco to the Philippine Islands .
It arrived in July , 1898 , in time to assist in the capture of Manila .
Traveling through the Suez Canal , it completely circumnavigated the globe and returned to the United States in 1901 .
A return trip to the Philippines in 1903 - 05 , found the Regiment in several punitive expeditions against the Moros , including the infamous Datto Ali .
A third tour in the Philippines came in 1908 - 10 .
This was followed by a period at Texas City where it was organized as a part of the 2nd Division .
CHAPTER II The Regiment sailed for France in September , 1917 , arriving at St. Nazaire .
It moved to the vicinity of St. Thiebault where intensive training was begun immediately .
The Twenty Third Infantry occupied a sub-sector near Rangieres on 17 March , 1918 , and remained in that defensive area until May .
In May , when the German threat to Paris became imminent in the Chateau Thierry area , the Regiment , along with other Divisional units , was rushed up to the strategic Paris - Metz Road , where the advancing enemy was engaged .
This open warfare was entirely new , as action in the previous months had been largely trench warfare .
The Regiment immediately counter - attacked and stopped the German drive in its sector .
Losses were great , but the action steadied the Allied line from Switzerland to ' the sea .
It proved the fiber of American troops , who never before had been used to check an enemy drive of that scale .
On 18 July , 1918 , Marshal Foch hurled all his best divisions against the west side of the German positions at Soissons .
Among them was the 2nd Division with the 23d Infantry .
The Regiment made a spectacular sweep , marching and fighting for three days and nights , undergoing untold hardships .
The results were astounding .
The German lines were penetrated to a 5 mile depth and thousands of prisoners were captured .
This drive started the German retreat which ended in the signing of the Armistice .
Until September , 1918 , the Regiment and Division fought under British and French higher commanders .
In September an American Army was formed and trained .
It was used to attack the St. Mihiel salient on 12 September with the 2nd Division as a shock unit , and the 23d Infantry as a lead Regiment .
The Germans were driven from ground held for four years , the Division taking objectives in one day that were assigned for two and three days later .
The last and hardest struggle of the war came in October and ended on 11 November .
This was the Meuse - Argonne offensive , launched on 4 October .
The Division was initially attached to the French 4th Army .
The right flank of the Mont Blanc Ridge was taken , freeing the city of Rheims and opening an avenue for attack on the Argonne Forest .
Reverting to the American 1st Army , the 23d Infantry attacked the Argonne Forest from the east on 3 November , where one of the most astounding maneuvers of the war was executed .
With German speaking soldiers leading , the Regiment marched in a column of squads under cover of darkness straight through the German lines .
The leaders explained to the Germans that it was a regiment being relieved .
The 9th Infantry did likewise on the right flank , and just before dawn , the two Regiments deployed and formed a line in the rear of the German positions .
For three nights the march was continued , and after five days and nights of continuous fighting and marching , the Regiment was ordered to halt .
In one week the Germans were defeated .
The Regiment followed the Germans to the West Bank of the Rhine and the town of Vallendar .
For its part in World War I , the Twenty Third won signal honors .
For having been cited twice in Orders of the French Army , it has the privelege of wearing the French Fourragere .
This distinctive decoration is still a part of the uniform worm by members of the Regiment .
The Twenty Third Infantry returned to the United States on 4 August , 1919 , and took part in the 2nd Division parade in New York .
It then entrained for Camp Travis , Texas ( later Fort Sam Houston ) , where it remained for 23 years .
CHAPTER III
From 1937 to 1942 , the 23d Infantry , as a part of the 2nd Division , pioneered in the development of the triangular infantry division and in perfection of airborne infantry tactics and logistics .
Also , during 1941 and 1942 , the 23d Infantry furnished three full regimental cadres for newly activated units and numerous smaller cadres .
On 20 November , 1942 , the 2nd Division moved to Camp McCoy , Wisconsin , where it again pioneered , this time participating in the first large scale winter training program and maneuvers ever conducted in the United States Army .
Twenty Third Infantrymen on skis and snowshoes operated in deep snow at temperatures as low as 45 degrees below zero .
On 27 September , 1943 , the Regiment left Camp McCoy with the 2nd Infantry Division , sailing from New York on 8 October , 1943 , and arriving in Northern Ireland on 20 October .
During the winter and early spring the Regiment engaged in intensive training on the bleak Irish moors , in preparation for the invasion of France .
On 16 April , 1944 , the Regiment sailed to South Wales , where final preparations for the invasion were completed , including moving to staging areas at various British Channel ports .
On 8 June , 1944 , the Twenty Third Infantry landed on Omaha Beach with the first invasion forces .
In slow , painful hedgerow fighting , the Regiment inched its way forward day after day against hard fighting enemy paratroop elements .
St. Georges d'Elle , Hill 192 ( which commanded St. Lo ) , St. Jean des Baisants , Etouvy , Vire , Truttemer le Grand and Tinchebray were scenes of bitter fighting up to August when the organized German resistance in Normandy collapsed .
A short respite , the first one up to that time , was interrupted by an overnight motor march of 210 miles to Brest .
From 21 August to 19 September the Regiment battled the 2nd German Paratroop Division which fanatically defended the surrounding hills and villages .
Knowing that the fortress seaport , which housed German U - boats , was greatly needed by the Allies for the purpose of establishing supply routes into France , Hitler ordered the garrison to hold for at least 90 days .
However , Brest , the scene of some of the most savage and bitter street fighting of the war , fell in 39 days .
Formal capitulation of the Fortress to the 2nd Division occurred on 18 September , 1944 .
Its hard - driving leader , General Herman B. Ramcke , was captured the following day on the nearby Crozon Peninsula .
Another rapid motor and train move of 720 miles on 30 September , 1944 , saw the 23d Infantry crossing France and Belgium to new battle positions on the German border .
Defensive positions were taken up along the Siegfried Line just north of Luxemburg .
The first ceremony of American troops on German soil was a 23d Infantry parade in November , south of St. Vith .
Major General W.M. Robertson , Divisional Commander , presented decorations for heroism to officers and men of the Regiment .
On 12 December , the Regiment moved 30 miles north to the vicinity of Sourbrodt , Belgium .
The German break - through on 16 December found all three battalions of the 23d Infantry fighting savagely in the line .
The failure of the enemy to accomplish a penetration in the division sector , despite repeated tank and strong infantry .
attacks , upset the entire German plan of action to reach and cut off the vital supply nets at Liege .
The Regiment stopped attack after bloody attack .
This action was summed up by General Courtney Hodges , Commanding General of the 1st Army , who declared , » What the 2nd Division has done in the last four days will live forever in the history of the United States Army . «
During the period of 13 to 23 Jan. while attached to the First Division , the Regiment fought under the most severe climatic conditions .
It spearheaded a drive that broke the determined enemy resistance in the vital Ondenval - Iveldingen Pass to clear the way for armored thrusts into St. Vith , Belgium .
Sleet , rain and bitter cold froze the men's clothing to their bodies as they , struggled through waist - deep snow over rough terrain .
The enemy forces , principally the 8th Regiment , 3rd Panzer Division , were decimated .
So heavy were enemy losses in men and material that the 8th Regiment ceased to exist as a fighting force .
Soon after , the 23d Infantry Regiment was again on the offensive in the Siegfried Line , pushing through the Schleiden Forest to reach the vitally important Roer River dams .
Early in March the Regiment drove to the Rhine .
The crossing was made on the 23d of March in the vicinity of Niederbreisig , five miles south of the famed Remagen bridge .
From this point , mounted on tanks and tank destroyers , infantrymen of the 23d made a spectacular 365 mile drive in 23 days to the vicinity of industrialized Merseburg , Germany , just west of Leipzig .
Thousands of PWs , hundreds of towns and an American PW camp were captured in this dash , a record seldom equalled elsewhere in military annals .
In the face of direct fire from over 200 guns of 88 and 128 mm calibre , the 23d doughboys cleared one of Germany 's most concentrated flak areas .
Sweeping on they entered Leipzig , the fifth largest of German cities .
The assault on Leipzig was determined and co-ordinated , with four bridge - crossings being made simultaneously .
In a few hours the attack had reached its objective and the city had fallen .
The next advance was halted at the Mulde River , the limit of U.S. advance .
There the Regiment awaited contact with the Russian Army .
A move was made south to the Czechoslovakian border , and east into Pilsen where the population greeted the dougboys with wild enthusiasm .
This was a fitting climax to the long hard months of struggle in the greatest of all wars .
Here the biography of a great Regiment pauses on V - E Day , 8 May , 1945 .
Its record speaks for itself .
During the ETO
War , more than 1,665 miles have been covered , over 30,000 PWs were taken , 13,000 of which were hospitalized , and 217 days were spent in continuous combat , a record equalled by no other division in the European Theater of Operations .
Our fallen comrades have not died in vain .
Their memory and fighting spirit will never be forgotten .
If the call to arms should sound again the 23d Infantry will be ready to answer with the same deeds that helped finish this war .
PERSONALITIES OF THE 23D Sgt. John J. McVeigh , Co. H. , was awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor posthumously for his actions at Brest .
He distinguished himself conspicuously by gallantry at the risk of his own life above and beyond the call of duty .
Sgt. McVeigh , heedless of the tremendous volume of small arms and flak fire directed toward him , stood up in full view of the enemy and directed the fire of his squad until his position was overrun .
He then drew his trench knife , his only weapon since his ammunition was expended , and charged the enemy .
He killed one German and was advancing on the others when he was shot down .
The distinction of being the only living member of the 2nd Division holding the Congressional Medal of Honor is reserved for Sgt. Jose M. Lopez , Co. M machine gunner , who distinguished himself by gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty in the Krinkelter Wald area on 17 December , 1944 .
Firing more than five thousand rounds of ammunition , Sgt. Lopez , singlehanded , successfully beat off an enemy attack of approximately 100 infantrymen , disregarding a Mark VI tank firing continuous rounds from an 88 mm gun , thus enabling his own and another company to withdraw when both positions were nearly enveloped .
During the action , Sgt. Lopez was compelled to shift his firing positions and did so , carrying his heavy machine gun unaided .
He was alone and in the face of direct fire thoughout the entire mission .
As this book goes to press a recommendation for the Congressional Medal of Honor is pending award to Pfc. Richard E. Cowan , M Co. machine gunner reported missing in action , who distinguished himself conspicuously by gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty on 17 December , 1944 , in the Krinkelter Wald area , Belgium .
The Distinguished Service Cross , an award presented for extraordinary heroism against an armed enemy , has been awarded the following present and former members of the Regiment : Lt. Col. John M. Hightower , former 1st Bn. Commander , for action near Hunninger , Belgium ; Lt. Col. Raymond B. Marlin , former 2nd Bn. Commander , for action at Notre Dame de'Elle , France ; Capt .
John M. Stephens , Jr. , Co. G , for action at Ondenval , Belgium ; 1st Lt. Marvin H. Prinds , Co. C , posthumously , for action during the attack on Ondenval , Belgium ; Capt . ( then 1st Lt. ) George B. Mitchell , Co. K , for action near Berigny - St. Lo highway , France ; 2nd Lt. Ewell L. Smith , Jr. , Co. K , for action during the assault on le Bois de la Roche , France ; 1st Lt. Samuel J. Murray , Co. A , for action in the vicinity of Ondenval , Belgium ; S/ Sgt.
Galyn Clay , Co. K , for action near le Bois de la Roche , France ; Pfc. Byron B. Dickinson , Co. L , for action near St. Georges d'Elle , France ; and Pfc. Richard Von Patton , Co. B , for action in the vicinity of Vieurville , France .
Recommendations , pending award , for the Distinguish Service Cross have been made for Lt. Col.
Paul V. Tuttle , Jr. , 3d Bn. Commander , for action at Krinkelter Wald , Belgium ; Capt . Keith G. Van Neste , HQ Co. , posthumously , for action at Dorsteivitz , Germany ; S/ Sgt. Ernest L. Barber , Co. B , for action at Leipzig , Germany ; Pfc. George Heilig , Co. L , for action at St. Georges d'Elle , France ; Pfc. Leroy S. Law , Co. B , posthumously , for action at Leipzig , Germany ; and Pfc. Alexander Maluchinik , Co. B , posthumously , for action at Leipzig , Germany .
ROSTER OF REGIMENTAL AND BATTALION STAFFS , COMPANY COMMANDERS AND 1ST SERGEANTS AS OF V-E DAY , 1945 Commanding Officer Colonel Jay B. Lovless Executive Officer Lt. Col. John H. Chiles S - 1 Capt. James T. Noton S - 2 Major Raymond W. Laycock S - 3 Major Jimmie E. Anderson Asst. S - 3 Capt. Howard C. Alphson S - 4 Maj. Joseph E. Vincent , Jr. S - 5 Capt. O. Charles Huber Regimental Surgeon Major Martin Israel Liason Officers 1st Lt. Long H. Goffigon 1st Lt. Ellis L. Fuller 1st Lt. Edward W. Keough Sergeant Major M/ Sgt. Joseph E. Whitfield 1ST BATTALION Commanding Officer Maj. Morris B. Montgomery Executive Officer Capt. William M. Blatt S - 2 1st Lt. Charles Church S - 3 Capt. Frank W. Luchowski S - 4 1st Lt. John F. Ball Surgeon Capt . John G. Wafer , Jr. Bn. Sgt. Maj . T/Sgt. Loraine W. Harris 2ND BATTALION Commanding Officer Lt. Col. William A. Smith Executive Officer Maj. Vern L. Joseph S - 2 1st Lt. George W. Payne S - 3 Capt. Herbert C. Byrd S - 4 1st Lt. Robert C. Goforth Bn. Sgt. Maj . T/Sgt. Harry E. Horner 3RD BATTALION Commanding Officer Maj. Martin E. Coopersmith Executive Officer Capt . William E. Dugan S - 2 1st Lt. Robert M. Green S - 3 Capt. Kay K. Cowan S - 4 1st Lt. John J. Ford Bn. Sgt. Maj . T/Sgt. John J. Gerhart COMPANY COMMANDERS AND FIRST SERGEANTS
AS OF V-E DAY Headquarters Co. Capt .
Maximillion A. Drueke 1st Sgt. Lee Barnett Service Co. Capt. Joe A. Dickie 1st Sgt. Edgar McCoury Cannon Co. Capt. Charles F. Baker T/ Sgt. Nathan L. Roberts Antitank Co. Capt. Roy G. McCracken 1st Sgt. Eldrige E. Harber HQ Co. 1st Bn. Capt. John W. Fornaro 1st Sgt. Gilbert E. Beehner Company A Capt. Raymond Dearth , Jr. 1st Sgt. Paul W. Heuback Company B 1st Lt. Wilfred H. Drath 1st Sgt. Thomas C. Black Company C 1st Lt. Edward R. Carmody 1st Sgt. Gilbert M. Levisay Company D Capt . Arthur P. Tate 1st Sgt. Dick G. Moore HQ Co. 2nd Bn. Capt . Henry L. Calder , Jr. 1st Sgt. Donald A. Musta Company E Capt . Daniel J. Manning , Jr. 1st Sgt. Clarence L. Umberger Company F 1st Lt. John M : Calhoun 1st Sgt. Henry Gratzek Company G 1st Lt. Laurice L. Loberg 1st Sgt. Clarence C. Quinn Company H Capt . John W. McClain 1st Sgt. Evan Powell HQ Co. 3rd Bn. 1st Lt. John J. Moretti 1st Sgt. Carl R. Burelson Company I 1st Lt. David A. Poucher T / Sgt. Alvin C. Gandy Company K 1st Lt. Jesse E. Fussel 1st Sgt. Joseph W. Ethridge Company L Cpt. Walter J. Eisler , Jr. S/Sgt. Albert A. Markus Company M Capt .
Thomas A. Harris 1st Sgt. Fred H. Marburger FIELD OFFICERS SINCE D-DAY
NOT PRESENT V-E DAY REGIMENTAL EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Lt. Col. Maxwell S. Snyder Lt. Col. James J. Matthews 1ST BATTALION Lt. Col. William S. Humphries Maj. Henry G. Spencer Lt. Col. John M. Hightower Lt. Col. Willard W. Morris 2ND BATTALION Lt. Col. Raymond B. Marlin Lt. Col. Louis F. Hamele Maj. William R. Hinsch , Jr. 3RD BATTALION Lt. Col. John B. Naser Lt. Col. Paul V. Tuttle , Jr. Lt. Col. Paul T. Clifford REGIMENTAL COMMANDERS
Colonel Jay B. Lovless assumed command of the 23d Infantry Regiment on 16 June , 1944 .
Preceeding Colonel Lovless , Regimental Commanders for the past five years were : Colonel Hurley E. Fuller ( former Commander of the 110th Infantry , 28th Division , taken prisoner during the Ardennes breakthrough and recently liberated by the Russian army ) from 14 January , 1942 , to 16 June , 1944 .
Colonel Roscoe B. Woodruff ( now Major General , Commanding the 24th Infantry Division on Mindinao ) from 30 July , 1941 , to 11 January , 1942 .
Colonel Charles K. Nulsen ( now Brigadier General , Commanding Fort Sam Houston , Texas ) from 7 January , 1940 , to 30 July , 1941 .
THE SECOND DIVISION INSIGNIA
The Indianhead patch worn by members of the 2nd Division was the brainchild of a truck driver during World War I .
The emblem was exhibited in a prominent place on the side of his truck .
It caught the eye of a passing high - ranking officer , and was eventually selected as the insignia for the Division .
It differed during the First World War , in that the color of the background on which the star was placed showed the battalion or independent company of the regiment as follows : black , headquarters company ; green , supply company ; purple , machinegun company ; red , 1st Battalion ; yellow , 2nd Battalion ; and blue , 3rd Battalion .
The circular shaped background represented the 23d Regiment .
After the war it was decided to standardize the patch and a shield was selected as the background with its color black for all units .
Name _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Rank _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Serial Number _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Organization _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Date of Joining 23d _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Decorations _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Battle Actions _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ( Passed by Censor for Mailing Home )
REGIMENTAL COMBAT TEAM 23
The units which support the 23d Infantry Regiment are vital cogs in the machine .
The doughboys swear by them .
In direct support are : 37th Field Artillery Battalion
Co. B , 2nd Engineer Battalion
Co. B , 2nd Medical Battalion
Co. B , 612th Tank Destroyer Battalion
Co. C , 741st Tank Battalion
Btry .
B , 462nd Anti-Aircraft Battalion
There are two main pics ( meaning not from today ) that are being recycled as if they were from today .
Here is one , which just so happens to be the exact same picture from the " Promise Keepers " event held back in the 1990s .
Not to mention that today was pretty overcast , and the sun is shining in the Promise Keepers ’ picture .
And there is another obvious fake making the rounds as well – this one with so many things wrong with it , that you can make a game of " find as many things wrong with this picture being claimed to be taken today " out of it .
- picture that is called into question ( note , I am making the change here until I get confirmation on this from someone who knows DC better than I do ) for a few reasons .
Here is another being used at The Minority Report as well as at Pajamas Media ( Instapundit ) - look around 1/3 of the way down labeled " ANOTHER TRAFFIC CAM PIC FROM DC " – and as I said above , the reasoning used when the true live camera shots do n’t show the crowd ( among other things ) is that DC is looping old tapes on a Saturday afternoon to hide the " massive " protest .
I kid you not .
So what else is wrong with that picture ?
Well , for starters , the flag is at half mast , which it was not today .
Here is the actual live cam updated every 2 seconds , and you will see that the flag is certainly not at half mast .
Also , the photo is missing the National Museum of the American Indian ( opened in 2004 ) , and the trees are a bit fuller in the pic than they are now .
Update [ 2009-9-12 23:6:36 by clammyc ] :
As I am getting some questions on this , and as I said at the outset , I am not from DC , can someone confirm this bit ?
I do not want to pass along bad info , but there are things that do n't seem to add up .... thx .
I 've seen a couple more from the area but am waiting to get permission to post them .
As soon as I do , I will put them in here .
Here are a couple of shots taken early afternoon today as well by fellow kossack kombiz : 3rd Street looking west at the Washington Monument , and here is 4th Street looking east towards the Capitol .
PLEASE NOTE THAT FOR BOTH OF THESE LINKS , you need to add a backslash ( " / " ) at the end to make the pic work .
For some reason , the html code wo n't let me add it to the link .
Apologies .
Lastly , here is a video ( for your enjoyment ) taken by Mike Stark earlier today .
This was taken from the steps of the Capitol :
*******************
Update [ 2009-9-12 20:53:27 by clammyc ] : - see this diary from dinnerbell for the live traffic cam pic this afternoon .
Update [ 2009-9-12 22:24:40 by clammyc ] :
OK , so there have been questions regarding the flag at half staff and video from earlier that shows the flag at half staff .
As I said at the top of the diary , I do n't know why a flag would be at half staff today ( even if 9/11 was yesterday ) , and I do n't know why there is discrepancy in the videos and the pics ( and the museum not being in the pic ) .
However , the rest of the diary , including the lack of the museum and the Promise Keepers picture are still without question .
' Be a man and tell the truth ' : Mother pleads with husband to ' admit honour killing ' of daughter
Murder victim : Tulay Goren was allegedly murdered by her father
A woman demanded her husband ' be a man ' and admit to the murder of their teenage daughter ten years ago in an alleged honour killing .
Tulay Goren , 15 , went missing in 1999 after falling in love with an older man her parents did not approve of .
Her body has never been found .
Mehmet Goren , 45 , was the last person to see his daughter alive .
He , along with his brothers Ali Goren , 55 , and Cuma Goren , 42 , is accused of the Turkish schoolgirl 's murder .
Tulay 's mother Hanim Goren broke down as she gave evidence to the Old Bailey and insisted she her husband tell the truth for their oldest daughter Nuray , 29 , and son Tuncay , now aged 19 .
She said : ' He is in front of me now and he knows everything as well as I know .
He should come out honestly , bravely as a man and come and tell the truth .
He should relieve me of my misery .
I have had enough .
' I am trying to be strong to be able to stand on my feet for Tuncay and Nuray , but I can't do it anymore .
I can't cope .
Apart from that pain for me , causing pain , causing harm to me it is enough .
It is ruining all these people , it is enough . '
Michael Turner QC , defending Mehmet , said : ' You have never ever suggested to the police once that Mehmet beat you up after Tulay disappeared . '
Mrs Goren replied : ' That may be so , I may have not said it , but there are so many things that I have kept about Mehmet inside me , for 30 years I have kept a lot of things inside me .
I am not saying these things not only to the police but not to anybody .
' Only I know and Allah know . '
Mrs Goren yesterday admitted asking for a £ 5,000 from the schoolgirl 's boyfriend for disgracing the family after he took her virginity , and to cover the cost of smuggling her and her sister into the country .
She said if Halil Unal , now 41 , had given it to her gambling husband she believed Tulay would still be alive .
She said : ' If Halil had given that £ 5,000 to Mehmet , Mehmet would not have killed Tulay and I am sure of this as I am sure of my own name . '
She added : ' I was asking for it on behalf of Mehmet .
After Tulay ran away only I know what I suffered at the hands of Mehmet .
Mehmet was sending me and he also said to me do n't tell him that I sent you , it should look as if you are asking this yourself .
' If that Halil had given the £ 5,000 and I had giving that to Mehmet maybe , maybe , he would n't have killed Tulay . '
Hanim Goren arriving at the Old Bailey yesterday to give evidence against her husband
Mrs Goren has broken a ten - year silence over Tulay 's disappearance to give evidence against the three brothers at the trial .
She said she was petrified of her husband , which was why she kept silent for so long and lied to the police , saying she was the last person to see Tulay alive , not her husband .
' I was scared of Mehmet , ' said Mrs Goren .
' I was afraid of Mehmet and was doing whatever Mehmet told me to do .
I told these sorts of lies . '
She added : ' Before Tulay disappeared and after Tulay disappeared until I went and told the police the truth I was afraid of Mehmet .
But then I went and told the police the truth and I was n't afraid of Mehmet anymore .
' He used to beat me up after Tulay disappeared as well and he used to swear at me a lot unmentionable words .
' After that I was not really afraid of him , even if he had hit me or even if he had killed me . '
The schoolgirl 's father is alleged to have killed her after consulting with his brothers , Cuma and Ali .
Mrs Goren has previously told the court how when Tulay went missing Mehmet told his wife they must disown her .
She said her husband bound Tulay 's hands and feet so tightly together the night before she disappeared that her feet turned ' purple and black ' .
She also said her husband told Tulay 's young brother Tuncay to kiss the teenager goodbye one last time hours before the 15 - year - old vanished .
Mehmet , 45 , of Woodford Green , north east London , together with Cuma Goren , 42 , of Walthamstow , east London , and Ali Goren , 56 , of Walthamstow , deny murdering Tulay on January 7 1999 .
They also deny conspiracy to murder her boyfriend Halil Unal between May 1998 and February 1999 .
The trial continues .
' If you 're faced by the wall every morning , it 's dark all day , " says Steve Morell , DJ , musician and one of Berlin 's legendary night - owls .
" Even though we were just in the West , it felt apocalyptic ; I thought it would never end . "
It 's a blue - sky morning outside the Rauchhaus , one of the oldest squats in Berlin , right up by the former death strip .
I 've come to see how the city has changed in the 20 years since the wall fell , with the help of Steve and my old friend Nackt , from cult Berlin band Warren Suicide .
The idea is a personal road trip across the spaces that have transformed their cultural landscape .
Before 1989 , Kreuzberg was the centre of alternative youth culture in West Berlin , and the Rauchhaus , a neo-Romanesque hospital , was on the eastern tip of this once - desolate neighbourhood , enclosed by the Landwehr canal and the wall .
Named after left - wing radical Georg von Rauch , it now welcomes visitors , but check the website first .
If you do n't mind sharing with strangers , a bed in the " international guest room " costs from € 3 a night .
If that sounds a little scary , its Smoke House parties offer lashings of authentic Berlin spirit on the second weekend of each month ( see the link on the opposite page ) .
" This area was incredible , " says Steve ( born Stephan Kraus ) , who arrived from Frankfurt in 1984 , aged 17 , to squat with 40 other left - wing activists .
We are standing in bright sun by discarded doors , tyres and filing cabinets .
Dilapidated 1940s trucks line the pavement .
" There were squats everywhere and some amazing bands , very influential in Germany , used to record at the Rauchhaus .
But it was the best and the worst of times .
There were constant police raids .
I 'd hear shootings through the night behind the wall and read in the paper the next day what had happened outside our door . "
After the wall fell , a third of the buildings in the eastern half of the city were lying empty , and techno activists from areas such as Kreuzberg began to search for new spaces to party .
In early 1990 , the first improvised clubs opened , as basements became bars , and unused municipal buildings – from warehouses to power stations – formed a spider 's web of a DIY scene .
We jump into Steve 's Opel Vectra to drive east along the former no man 's land of Bethaniendamm .
At Schilling Bridge , we reach Maria , a seminal music venue opened in 1992 .
Nackt and Steve agree that this former storage unit on the river Spree is " one of Berlin 's top five " .
" It 's as famous for indie / rock bands as for techno , " says Nackt , who left the small town of Burghausen for Berlin just after the wall came down .
" Warren Suicide have played amazing shows here , and so have Peaches , CSS , Simian . "
Friederichshain was one of the most heavily bombed parts of Berlin in the second world war , with more than half its buildings destroyed as the allies targeted its industrial areas .
The area still feels bleak , dominated by Soviet - era housing blocks and a wide sea of railway tracks , as well as one of the longest surviving sections of wall , now the 1.3 km Eastside Gallery , its 100 or so post - revolution images – including the famous kiss between Brezhnev and Honecker – repainted this year .
With its low rents ( compared with West Berlin ) the area is now being ploughed ( or plagued ) by corporate monsters – the 02 , MTV Europe , Universal Music – as part of an ongoing construction project along the Spree , dubbed Mediaspree .
The boys , along with Berlin 's youth , are worried the clubs will close to make way for riverside apartments .
" Already Bar 25 , an institution , has shut , " says Nackt , " but it 's been having closing parties for 10 years . "
Talk turns to Ostalgie , a rising wave of nostalgia for the old East Germany , from the resurrection of brands of foods to the interactive GDR museum in Mitte , where you can try out a Trabant car , or pretend to be a Stasi officer .
" Look , " says Steve , wagging a finger from the wheel at a Soviet block , " the whole Ostalgie thing is so big tourists can even stay in a ' typical GDR apartment ' with 50s furniture . "
We laugh .
" Anything goes in there . "
We are bumping along a sandy track – the city was built on sand – towards an imposing power station in Friederichshain , where wide - eyed kids drift outside in colourful T - shirts , and a row of yellow cabs wait for business .
It 's a hot Sunday afternoon , but punters will have been going since Saturday night ; some clubs keep going until Monday evening .
" This is the Berghain , " says Steve , " one of the most famous clubs in Berlin . "
The boys are hoping to show me its Panorama bar with Wolfgang Tillmans artwork .
The thud of minimal techno bangs like a headache .
Can we take a photo inside , we ask nicely .
" No , " is the growled reply .
" And no journalists . "
We turn to leave .
" I 've seen things in there I could n't repeat , " says Steve , with a devilish smile .
So it 's off to somewhere more cultural .
Haus Schwarzenberg is an old factory in Mitte that is now a bar , gallery and cinema ; it 's where Steve loves to DJ , and Nackt 's fellow band member Cherie has shown her art .
As we enter a dark alley lined with picnic benches , Steve explains that it 's run by artist duo the Dead Chickens , who moved here in 1995 after being based in Kreuzberg in the 80s .
We sip cappuccinos in the peeling courtyard , and Steve shows me the bar spooked with the artists ' famous " monster " artworks .
" It 's the last oasis of real alternative art in the city , " he says , as we climb graffitied stairwells to explore the white spaces of the Neurotitan gallery upstairs , which specialises in comics and graphic art .
There are few cities whose mythology is so closely tied to its nightlife , and back down in the courtyard , conversation bounces round other seminal eastside clubs – Bang Bang ( " GDR decor again " ) , Tresor ( " in Berlin 's main central - heating power station " ) , ZMF ( " in the basement of the biggest furniture factory for the east , kind of rotten but in a nice way , " says Steve ) and Lovelite ( " a typical warehouse , like so many clubs in Friederichshain , in the middle of nowhere , " says Nackt . )
Nightlife has long been commercialised even here , but the boys agree that an underground creativity still pervades – if you avoid the weekend " clubbing tourists " .
And the unification of East and West Germany at the first techno parties as the wall fell is celebrated in an annual festival , the Love Parade .
But there are more places to tick off today , so we speed off again towards Kaffee Burger , a classic East German boozer dating from the mid-30s , complete with 50s GDR lettering on the windows .
A faded poster advertises its fortnightly Russian discos and , inside , the aged decor under bright lighting , it 's easy to imagine secret meetings of political dissidents over wheat beer and schnapps in the mid-70s , as they plotted an escape to the West .
" It 's been around forever , " says Nackt , " but it 's still a cool after - hours place . "
The Volksbühne , in Mitte , was rebuilt in 1954 after devastation in the war , hence its Soviet appearance .
" Its name means ' Free People 's Theatre ' , " says Steve .
" Before the wall came down , it would have shown plays by Bertolt Brecht . "
Now it has the reputation of being one of the most experimental theatres in Germany , " where art meets rock " .
" Warren Suicide sold this place out with a full string ensemble , " says Nackt , and Steve has thrown his renowned " Berlin Insane " parties here ( though the next one , on 19 November , will take place at the SO36 club , of which more later ) .
" Look at that sign . "
Nackt climbs out of the car by a huge expanse of grass , laddered with wooden platforms , where tourists nibble sandwiches .
He 's pointing to the words Stadt Des Friedens .
" City Of Peace , " he says .
" How ironic ! "
This is the site of the Palast Der Republik , the parliament built in 1976 to rubber - stamp decisions made by the Politburo , and finally pulled down earlier this year .
The boys have mixed feelings about its destruction ; in Berlin , after all , it 's impossible to hide the past .
" What should we do ? " asks Nackt .
" Knock everything down that reminds us ?
What about the Reichstag ? "
We end our road trip back in West Berlin , in Kreuzberg , whose main thoroughfare , Oranienstrasse , has long been a focus for alternative subcultures .
Steve points out where singer - songwriter Nick Cave lived in the 80s and , nearby , legendary club Trash ( " a bit like the Electric Ballroom in London , but run by Hell 's Angels " ) , which no longer exists .
Current flavour of the month is the bar Luzia , with its anything - goes music policy .
Housed in an old butcher 's shop , it 's spacious , dark and heaving with bespectacled folk smoking on shabby sofas .
" It 's a great place : they might do a double shot when you order a normal one , " says Steve .
Further down the street is the oldest club in Berlin .
The SO36 , named after its postcode , and once frequented by Iggy Pop and David Bowie , has the feel of a community hall , albeit one drenched in pink and red lighting , but it has played host to everything from gay Turkish nights to bands such as the Dead Kennedys , Stiff Little Fingers and the Cramps .
As we grab a beer inside , Steve tells a story about a night here in the 80s when riots between punks and police exploded on the street and he ended up being arrested – and freed – twice .
Nowadays you 're more likely to get punters queuing in police drag , but sadly the venue faces closure – not without protests – because of noise problems .
Before I leave , Nackt wants to show me Berlin 's hottest new area .
The feeling among some Berliners is that East Berlin has " peaked " – and anyway , after 20 years , the division between East and West is beginning to blur .
Is n't it ?
Perhaps , say the boys , although people still talk of the Mauer im Kopf , or the " wall in the head " , the feeling that a psychological barrier still exists .
We snake round the corner of Kreuzberg and Neukölln ( in the former West ) , known colloquially as " Kreuzkölln " , its main vein , Hobrechtstrasse , dark and unassuming .
" The scene constantly shifts a bit further south or east , " says Nackt .
He points out bars Salon Petra , and Mama , with their cracked walls , wonky lamps and crowds , but outside Raumfahrer ( which means spacetraveller ) we stop .
Tonight , alas , it 's closed , but Nackt says : " This is probably the coolest bar in Berlin simply because no one 's discovered it yet . "
The next evening I return with my friend Tom .
It 's a spacious room , and we enjoy slugging back Pilsners on stools in its red - lit interior .
But Nackt 's right : it 's a place so hip that it really is empty .
Essential guide to the Berlin scene
Party venues
Rauchhaus : +49 173 448 7182 ; rauchhaus1971.de
Maria : +49 30 2123 8190 ; clubmaria.de
Bang Bang : Neue Promenade 10 ; bangbangclub.net
Berghain : Am Wriezener Bahnhof ; berghain.de
Haus Schwarzenberg : +49 30 3087 2573 ; haus-schwarzenberg.org
Dead Chickens : +49 30 3087 2573 ; deadchickens.de
ZMF : Brunnenstrasse 10 ; zurmoebelfabrik.de
Luzia : Oranienstrasse 34 ; luzia.tc
SO36 : +49 30 6140 1306 ; so36.de
Kaffee Burger : Tonstrasse 58/60 ; kaffeeburger.de
Volksbühne : +49 30 240 655 ; volksbuehne - berlin.de
Raumfahrer : Hobrechtstrasse 54
Salon Petra : Hobrechtstrasse 47 ; +49 30 21 10 95 39
Mama : Hobrechtstrasse 61 ; +49 157 7194 4916
Getting there
Easyjet ( easyjet.com ) flies to Berlin from £ 31 return .
Germanwings ( germanwings.co.uk ) flies to Berlin Schönefeld .
Stephen Emms stayed at IMA ( +49 30 6162 8913 ) , a former bathroom fixtures factory dating from 1893 , which now has galleries , studios , a courtyard deli and bar , plus 20 rooms for rent , all with kitchens , from € 55 a night for two people .
Contacts
Berlin Tourism : +49 30 25 00 25 ; visitberlin.de
Steve Morell : pale- music.com ,
myspace.com/stevemorellsmusic
Warren Suicide : warrensuicide.com
Speaking to more than 5,500 veterans , President Obama on Monday renewed his commitment to dismantling Al Qaeda in Afghanistan -- a struggle he said was “ fundamental to the defense of our people ” -- and offered assurances that his healthcare overhaul would not touch veterans ’ medical benefits .
“ This is not a war of choice .
This is a war of necessity , ” Obama told the annual Veterans of Foreign Wars conference -- cautioning that the insurgency would not be defeated overnight .
“ Those who attacked America on 9/11 are plotting to do so again .
If left unchecked , the Taliban insurgency will mean an even larger safe haven from which Al Qaeda would plot to kill more Americans . ”
With U.S. forces scheduled to leave Iraq by 2011 , Obama pledged that in the future , he would only send service members “ into harm ’s way when it is absolutely necessary . ”
“ When I do , ” the president said , “ it will be based on good intelligence and guided by a sound strategy .
I will give you a clear mission , defined goals and the equipment and support you need to get the job done ” -- a clear criticism of the George W. Bush administration ’s actions in Iraq .
Advertisement
The appearance in Phoenix gave the president a chance to tout recent White House efforts to modernize the military , streamline veterans ’ medical care and eliminate wasteful military spending .
He ridiculed House plans to buy a costly new presidential helicopter .
“ Maybe you ’ve heard about this -- among its other capabilities , it would let me cook a meal while under nuclear attack , ” Obama said , drawing laughter .
“ Now , let me tell you something .
If the United States of America is under nuclear attack , the last thing on my mind will be whipping up a snack . ”
The president praised his campaign rival , Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) , as a partner in efforts to scale back unnecessary defense programs .
Obama also noted that the administration was moving to end the controversial stop - loss troop deployment policy , expand the Army and Marine Corps ranks to give service members more time between deployments , and provide additional helicopters , protective gear and armored vehicles for troops in Afghanistan .
Advertisement
Earlier this year , Congress authorized $ 1.4 billion to build nursing homes and extended care facilities for veterans , upgrade medical centers and hire an additional 1,500 workers to handle medical claims .
The president has proposed adding $ 25 billion in funding for the Veterans Affairs Department over the next five years , which he said would be the largest increase in three decades .
The money would help create rural VA clinics across the country , speed the processing of health claims , and expand care for post - traumatic stress disorder and brain injuries faced by veterans returning from Iraq and Afghanistan .
Obama said caring for veterans with those ailments was a “ defining purpose of my budget -- billions of dollars for more treatment and mental health screening to reach our troops on the front lines , and more mobile and rural clinics to reach veterans back home . ”
Those moves drew praise , even from several veterans who voted for McCain .
Advertisement
“ He has given us what we need for our veterans , and he is letting the generals handle Afghanistan , ” said Army veteran David Cauley , a Republican from Larchwood , Iowa .
But , Cauley said , he did not support the president ’s healthcare overhaul -- a feeling shared by a number of audience members , as well as protesters outside the Phoenix Convention Center .
One cause for alarm , some older veterans said , was the plan to help pay for the overhaul by making Medicaid and Medicare programs more efficient .
“ I ’m kind of concerned about what is going to happen with my Medicare , ” said Air Force veteran Henry M. Edwards , 78 , of San Diego .
Alluding to what he has called misinformation surrounding the debate , the president tried to soothe concern .
Advertisement
“ Let me say this -- one thing that reform wo n’t change is veterans ’ healthcare , ” Obama said .
“ No one is going to take away your benefits .
That ’s the truth . ”
--
maeve.reston@latimes.com
Nick Griffin faced legal action over the BNP constitution BNP leader Nick Griffin has agreed to ask his party to amend its constitution so it does not discriminate on grounds of race or religion , a court heard .
The UK's equalities watchdog had argued the BNP broke the Race Relations
Act by restricting members to " indigenous Caucasian " people .
The court heard Mr Griffin had agreed to use " all reasonable endeavours " to revise its constitution .
BNP members will be asked to agree to the changes at a meeting in November .
Mr Griffin was not at the hearing at Central London County Court on Thursday morning .
Membership frozen But Robin Allen QC , counsel for the commission , said Mr Griffin had agreed to present party members with a revised constitution at its general meeting next month and the party had agreed not to accept new members in the meantime .
The BNP agreed to use " all reasonable endeavours " to revise its constitution so it did not discriminate on what are termed " protected characteristics " in clause four of the Equality Bill - which include race , gender and religious belief .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But BBC correspondent Andy
Tighe said it remained to be seen whether Mr Griffin could persuade his party to allow the change .
The case centred around a section in the BNP constitution which said membership was restricted to " indigenous British ethnic groups " including the " Anglo - Saxon folk community " and the " Celtic Scottish folk community " .
During a previous hearing the judge said no evidence had been presented to suggest many people from ethnic minorities wanted to join the BNP .
But John Wadham , of the Equality and Human Rights Commission , said that was not the point .
' Not political '
He told the BBC : " Everyone has to obey the law in this country , we have already taken proceedings against the Labour Party , we have now won these proceedings against the British National Party .
" The law is for everyone , this is not a political issue for us , the key issue for us is the lawfulness of their membership criteria .
It is for other people to decide whether their policies are right or wrong . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He added it was " unfortunate the BNP spent several months before conceding and dealing properly with our legal requirements " and said the EHRC would be monitoring the party 's compliance with the court order on membership .
This year 's European elections saw the party have its first two Euro MPs elected .
BNP spokesman Chris Roberts told the BBC : " If we want to be in the electoral process , which we do , and we are being forced by the establishment to change our rules then we are going to have to change them .
" But the fundamental beliefs of our party and our core principles will never change . "
Bankruptcy fear
On the BNP website Mr Griffin had asked supporters to help fund the " horrendous " bills for the legal case and accused the commission of " trying to bankrupt us " .
Richard Barnbrook , the party 's representative on the London Assembly , said he believed BNP members would vote in favour of a reformed constitution .
" The first reason being that trying to fight this court case would bankrupt the party and we have more important issues to deal with , including elections . "
The court heard Mr Griffin would be given 10 days to submit a signed undertaking confirming the proposed changes .
The case was adjourned until 28 January .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ultimate bunker buster : U.S military speed plans for 13 - ton bomb ... but deny Iran nuclear standoff is the reason
The U.S. military is speeding up delivery of a colossal bomb designed to destroy hidden weapons bunkers buried underground and shielded by 10,000 pounds of reinforced concrete .
Call it Plan B for dealing with Iran , which recently revealed a long - suspected nuclear site deep inside a mountain near the holy city of Qom .
The 15 - ton behemoth — called the ' massive ordnance penetrator , ' or MOP — will be the largest non-nuclear bomb in the U.S. arsenal and will carry 5,300 pounds of explosives .
News of the giant bomb , which is about 10 times more powerful than the weapon it is designed to replace , comes just days after it was announced that Barack Obama was to be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize .
Scary :
The bomb is approximately 20.5 feet long , has a 31.5 - inch diameter and a total weight of slightly less than 30,000 lbs .
The weapon will carry over 5,300lbs of explosive material and will deliver more than 10 times the explosive power of its predecessor , the BLU - 109 .
Guided by global positioning system navigation , the MOP will be carried aboard Air Force B - 2 bombers
The Pentagon has awarded a nearly $ 52 million contract to speed up placement of the bomb aboard the B - 2 Stealth bomber , and officials say the bomb could be fielded as soon as next summer .
Officials acknowledge that the new bomb is intended to blow up fortified sites like those used by Iran and North Korea for their nuclear programs , but they deny there is a specific target in mind .
' I do n't think anybody can divine potential targets , ' Pentagon press secretary Geoff Morrell said .
' This is just a capability that we think is necessary given the world we live in . '
The Obama administration has struggled to counter suspicions lingering from George W. Bush 's presidency that the United States is either planning to bomb Iranian nuclear facilities itself or would look the other way if Israel did the same .
The administration has been careful not to take military action off the table even as it reaches out to Iran with historic talks this month .
Tougher sanctions are the immediate backup if diplomacy fails to stop what the West fears is a drive for a nuclear weapon .
Defence Secretary Robert Gates recently said a strike against Iran 's nuclear facilities would probably only buy time .
Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm . Mike Mullen has called a strike an option he does n't want to use .
This combination of two satellite images show an area about 20 miles north northeast of Qom .
Analysts at both the Washington - based Institute for Science and International Security and London - based IHS Jane 's believe the facility in the satellite photo at right is most likely the newly revealed centrifuge plant
The new U.S. bomb would be the culmination of planning begun in the Bush years .
The Obama administration 's plans to bring the bomb on line more quickly indicate that the weapon is still part of the long - range backup plan .
' Without going into any intelligence , there are countries that have used technology to go further underground and to take those facilities and make them hardened , '
Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said .
' This is not a new phenomenon , but it is a growing one . '
After testing began in 2007 , development of the bomb was slowed by about two years because of budgetary issues , Whitman said , and the administration moved last summer to return to the previous schedule .
North Korea , led by Kim Jong
Il , is a known nuclear weapons state and has exploded working devices underground .
The United States and other countries have offered to buy out the country 's weapons program .
The Obama administration is trying to lure Pyongyang back to the bargaining table after a walkout last year .
A sequence of pictures obtained showing a test explosion of a BLU - 118B thermobaric bunker - busting bomb used by the US military
Iran is a more complex case , for both diplomatic and technical reasons .
Iran 's president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , claims its nuclear program is peaceful and meant only to produce energy , but the West suspects a covert bomb program that may be only a year or so away from fruition .
' I do n't really see it as a near - term indication of anything being planned .
I think certainly down the road it has a certain deterrent factor , ' said Kenneth Katzman , a specialist on Iran and the Middle East at the Congressional Research Service .
' It adds to the calculus , let 's say , of Ahmadinejad and Kim Jong Il . '
Details about Iran 's once - secret program have come out slowly and often under duress , as with last month 's surprise confirmation of the hidden underground development site near Qom .
That revelation came a month after the Pentagon had asked Congress to shift money to speed up the MOP program , although U.S. and other intelligence agencies had suspected for years that Iran was still hiding at least one nuclear development site .
The MOP could , in theory , take out bunkers such as those Saddam Hussein had begun to construct for weapons programs in Iraq , or flatten the kind of cave and tunnel networks that allowed al - Qaida leader Osama bin Laden to escape U.S. assault in Tora Bora , Afghanistan , shortly after the U.S. invasion in 2001 .
Here are the ingredients for a big pot of rushing yards for your fantasy team .
Mix them up and put it on the stove on Sunday .
I would add a little Goose Island and a 60 inch plasma flat screen and The Sunday Ticket and you ’ll be in heaven .
Tampa Bay @ Philadelphia
Tampa Bay : 30th against the run
Philadelphia : 8th against the run
For the Eagles , LeSean McCoy should get more touches than Brian Westbrook coming off that ankle injury but against this Bucs defense start either player ;
It should be feast .
This game could get out of hand early and if it does the Eagles will be looking to keep the ball on the ground and burn the clock .
Brian Westbrook +1 , LeSean McCoy +1
Tampa Bay is a disaster .
I do n’t see how they can torch the Eagles on the ground .
If they fall behind , which they probably will , they will have to keep the ball in the air .
Cadillac Williams - 2 , Derrick Ward - 2
Oakland @ New York Giants
Oakland : 26th against the run
New York : 20th against the run
There is not a worse franchise in the NFL than the Oakland Raiders .
That 7th pick they wasted on Hayward - Bey could have come in handy in patching together some semblance of run-defense , on the upside if you have either Ahmad Bradshaw or Brandon Jacobs they are both startable .
Both should have enormous days against the disaster that is the Oakland Raiders .
Brandon Jacobs +2 , Ahmad Bradshaw +2
The Giants are a lot better against the run than their statistical ranking suggests .
Oakland has lost MacFadden and will have to rely on Bush and Fargas .
It will be difficult for them to find any room to navigate because the Giants wo n’t respect their passing game ( why would you ? )
Michael Bush : +1 , Justin Fargas : 0
Houston @ Arizona
Houston :.
29th against the run
Arizona : 6th against the run
Houston ’s defense is so awful , this could finally be Beanie Wells ’ breakout game .
Both he and Hightower should be solid flex starts this week .
Tim Hightower +1 , Beanie Wells +
1
Thus far Steve Slaton has not carried the football well .
Kubiak actually spoke to the media and publicly commented the job Ryan Moats did last week carrying 15 times for 56 yards .
Slaton is still obviously a must - start and Moats just a Sleeper stash but it ’s a situation to keep an eye on .
The Cardinals had a bye so their run defense looks better than it is .
They are middle of the road .
Steve Slaton +1
Washington @ Carolina
Washington : 23rd against the run
Carolina : 32nd against the run ( the worst ! )
Clinton Portis rattled off a 25 carry 98 yd game week 4 vs. the less than formidable Tampa Bay D . This week Washington hired Sherm Edwards as an offensive consultant but do n’t expect wholesale changes .
Against the league worst Panthers run-defense Portis will be big again this week .
Clinton Portis +2
The Redskins Defense is nothing special .
Since they are not a very good team Carolina should be competitive and Williams might see a lot of work .
Jonathan Stewart still has n’t been that productive and I ’d be careful about getting too frisky with starting this glorified goal line back .
DeAngelo Williams +1 , Jonathan Stewart 0
Minnesota @ St. Louis
Minnesota : 5th against the run
St. Louis : 25th against the run
The St. Louis rams have given up 135 yards on the ground per game this season .
Adrian Peterson could have that by halftime .
Chester Taylor might actually also be a decent start because if the Vikings pull away Purple Jesus will probably be watching from the sidelines during junk time .
Adrian Peterson +2 , Chester Taylor +2
If you watched the Monday Night game it should n’t take much convincing for you to downgrade Steven Jackson .
It is tough to sit an elite player like him but if you ’re deep at running back you may want to consider it .
Steven Jackson - 2
New York Jets @ Miami
NYJ : 15th against the run
Miami : 3rd against the run
Miami ’s run defense has been so stellar you might want to re-think starting Thomas Jones .
Only the Ravens D is stouter against the run .
Leon Washington ’s status as a flex starter might also be called in to question .
Thomas Jones : - 1 , Leon Washington -1
With Miami’s QB situation in question they will be looking to shorten the game running Ronnie Brown wild - cat style all day long .
He and Ricky Williams have been one of the best running tandems in the league thus far .
We have to downgrade both of them slightly , however , because of how good the Jets defense has been .
Ronnie Brown +1 , Ricky Williams - 1
Cincinnati @ Baltimore
Cinncinatti : 17th against the run
Baltimore : 1st against the run
Baltimore ’s run defense has been the best in the league so far .
This could be the part of the season where Cedric Benson goes back to being a full - time alcoholic .
Cedric Benson - 2
Cincinatti ’s defense seems like it should be awful but it is n’t that bad .
Even so Rice and McGahee are solid starts for you this week .
Willis McGahee 1 , Ray Rice 1
Atlanta @ San Francisco
ATL : 16th against the run
SF : 4th against the run
San Francisco ’s defense is legit , they held Adrian Peterson to 85 yards week 2 in Minnesota .
Think twice about starting Michael Turner if you have really good matchups otherwise .
Michael Turner - 2
Atlanta ’s run defense is middle of the road , maybe a little lower than that .
Glen Coffee ’s value should n’t change that much .
I am really looking forward to this game , by the way .
Glen Coffee +1
New England @ Denver
New England : 12th against the run
Denver : 7th against the run
On top of the mile high city being a tough place to play for east coast teams , Denver ’s new scheme has been lights out .
Do not expect anything from New England ’s running game .
If anyone owns Sammy Morris , Laurence Maroney , Fred Taylor , or Kevin Faulk , first of all why would you ?
Secondly it is a total crap shoot who will get any touches .
Fred Taylor - 2
Denver should be able to run on New England , especially with the threat of their passing game .
The injury to Buckhalter makes him a must - sit and Moreno a candidate for a breakout game .
Knowshon Moreno +2 , Correll Buckhalter - 2 ( probably wo n’t play )
Cleveland @ Buffalo
Buffalo : 27th against the run
Cleveland : Second to last against the run
For the Browns Jerome Harrison is a must - start .
He has played well while Jamal Lewis has been out and I question whether he ’ll even be able to get his job back .
Jerome Harrison +1 , Jamal Lewis - 2
These are the matchups you love to see .
Buffalo ’s offensive line is horrible and injured .
Cleveland ’s run defense is nearly the worst in the league .
You have to think that Fred Jackson and Marshawn Lynch will be successful .
Fred Jackson +2 , Marshawn Lynch +2
Dallas @ Kansas City
KC : 24th against the run
Dallas : 19th against the run
I wonder if Mike Vrabel and Joe Montana have been texting each other about how much it sucks to go from a perennial Super Bowl contender to a bad team in a forgotten city ?
The Cowboys should run the ball successfully .
Marion Barber has been practicing fully , but still could share carries with Choice .
Marion Barber +1 , Tashard Choice 0
If you own Larry Johnson you have to start him in this game .
He should have a chance to get some creases and push the ball .
Larry Johnson +1 , Jamal Charles ( may not even play , but should )
Pittsburgh @ Detroit
Pittsburgh : 4th against the run
Detroit : 21st against the run
The Steelers have a nice matchup for their backs this week in Detroit .
In addition to the weak defense they may blow the Lions out and keep the ball on the ground in the second half .
Hey there Mewelde Moore !
Rashard Mendenhall +2 , Mewelde Moore +2
If you have alligator blood you ’ll roll Kevin Smith out there without blinking .
I am not brave and would have some serious issues putting him in my line up if I had other options .
Kevin Smith - 2
Jacksonville @ Seattle
Jacksonville : 14th against the run
Seattle : 22nd against the run
“ Pocket Hercules ” might be primed for another three touchdown game .
Seattle ’s defense is nothing special .
By “ nothing special ” I mean bad .
Maurice Jones - Drew +2
This is a middle of the road start for the Seahawks ground game .
I do n’t see Jacksonville doing anything that special to stymie them .
Julius Jones +1
Indianapolis @ Tennessee
Indy : 18th against the run
Tennessee : 9th against the run
Are the Colts running backs really even runners ?
Donald Brown actually looks like one .
Depending on the depth of your team I could see both of these players as starts for you .
Joseph Addai +1 , Donald Brown +1
Chris Johnson could break off for a big game if the Titans can stay in this one and avoid having to air it out all game .
I would feel a lot less confident about reformed fatty LenDale
White because he can only help you with touchdowns .
Chris Johnson +1 , LenDale
White - 1
Now that the Senate is back from their long recess , I want to restart the Audit the Fed Bill Phonebombing .
Here are some talking points as well .
I recommend posting the following messages on Facebook or anywhere else you think would be a good place to speard this message .
We now have 25 sponsors and cosponsors of this bill in the Senate ( and I know of two more Senators who support the bill but have yet to cosponsor it ) .
We need to keep pushing if we want this bill to pass .
Please make your calls and pass this information onto your friends and family .
Status for Monday , September 14 :
S. 604 ( The Audit the FED Bill ) Now has the support of 25 Senators !
Victory is within reach .
Lets target 1 Democrat and 1 Republican today and bombard them with calls to get their support .
Thomas Carper ( DE ) ( 202 ) 224-2441 .
Republican : John Kyl ( AZ ) ( 202 ) 224-4521 .
It literally takes less than 2 minutes to call !
PLEASE REPOST !!!
Status for Tuesday , September 15 :
S. 604 ( The Audit the FED Bill ) Now has the support of 25 Senators !
Victory is within reach .
Lets target 1 Democrat and 1 Republican today and bombard them with calls to get their support .
Democrat : Evan Bayh ( IN ) ( 202 ) 224-5623 .
Republican : Lamar Alexander ( TN ) ( 202 ) 224-4944 .
It literally takes less than 2 minutes to call !
PLEASE REPOST !!!
Status for Wednesday , September 16 :
S. 604 ( The Audit the FED Bill ) Now has the support of 25 Senators !
Victory is within reach .
Lets target 1 Democrat and 1 Republican today and bombard them with calls to get their support .
Democrat : Sherrod Brown ( OH ) ( 202 ) 224-2315 .
Republican : Thad Cochran ( MS ) ( 202 ) 224-5054 .
It literally takes less than 2 minutes to call !
PLEASE REPOST !!!
Status for Thursday , September 17 :
S. 604 ( The Audit the FED Bill ) Now has the support of 25 Senators !
Victory is within reach .
Lets target 1 Democrat and 1 Republican today and bombard them with calls to get their support .
Democrat : Robert Casey ( PA ) ( 202 ) 224-6324 .
Republican : Susan Collins ( ME ) ( 202 ) 224-2523 .
It literally takes less than 2 minutes to call !
PLEASE REPOST !!!
Status for Friday , September 18 :
S. 604 ( The Audit the FED Bill ) Now has the support of 25 Senators !
Victory is within reach .
Lets target 1 Democrat and 1 Republican today and bombard them with calls to get their support .
Democrat : Kent Conrad ( ND ) ( 202 ) 224-2043 .
Republican : Richard Lugar ( IN ) ( 202 ) 224-4814 .
It literally takes less than 2 minutes to call !
PLEASE REPOST !!!
Americanly Yours ,
Phred Barnet
Please help me promote my site :
Share on Facebook
Become a fan on Facebook
1984 by George Orwell September 3 , 2006
Saturday , Sept. 2nd
1984 by George Orwell .
It ’s a book that I ’ve been told by many people recently that I need to read .
Reading is something I never do unless there is nothing else to do – a backup plan , so to say .
Now I seem to find myself with plenty of free time .
And with no TV or computer in my room , reading ’s the perfect antidote for a lazy evening .
And I am so glad I read 1984 .
I think it should be required of every young person to read , and for a number of reasons :
1.It would warn our youth , our future , that government , when unchecked , can become invincible .
2 . That the wheels of propaganda are always spinning , attempting to drive our minds wherever they ( the forces driving the propaganda ) intend for us to go .
3 . If a lie is told enough through propaganda , the viewers , readers , or listeners will believe the lie to be true .
4 . An ignorant society is one that can be easily controlled .
The three slogans of the Party of Big Brother in the book are War is Peace .
Freedom is Slavery .
Ignorance is Strength .
After reading 1984 , it is easy to dismiss this book as seemingly far - fetched , when in actuality it is a chilling novel with warnings about our future , and I see many warning signs already .
Big Brother ’s party in the book has the ability to “ change ” the past through their ability to convince the population or Oceania that something that is now , always has been .
They change past news stories , and delete anything , or anyone , that puts the party in a negative light .
This relates to us because – it is easy to forget that as late as the ’ 80s , the U.S. was arming the “ Afghan Freedom Fighters ” in their fight against the forces of the once mighty USSR .
The freedom Fighters eventually became , surprise , the Taliban !
Also , believe it or not , the U.S. armed Iraq during the Iraq - Iran war in the ’80s .
Do n’t believe me ?
Look up Donald Rumsfeld and Saddam Hussein on Google , and you will come across a photo of them shaking hands .
The point ?
The propaganda machine is trying to convince us that the U.S. was always enemies of tyrannical dictatorships , when in reality , we helped install many of these governments .
And a lot of people are buying the bullshit .
1984 quotes that , “ He who controls the past controls the future .
He who controls the present , controls the past . ”
And here ’s another quote from the book : “ The more the party is powerful , the less it will be tolerant ; the weaker the opposition , the stronger the despotism . ”
Look at what the Republican party is doing with only 6 years of control of the presidency , both House , and now , the Supreme Court :
They passed the Patriot Act , which gives the government the ability to monitor what we check our from libraries , monitor our bank accounts , search homes without warrants , hold human beings in prison without charges being filed or a trial ; monitor phone calls without a court order ; torture has been permitted and encouraged ; they ’ve attempted to limit free speech by almost passing an anti- flag - burning constitutional amendment ; they ’re destroying women ’s rights to choose to have an abortion ; they do not tolerate gays , non-Christians , the lower class , minorities , immigrants , the French , independent farmers , labor unions …
I could go on .
And you can go on living your life just fine with all that I just mentioned .
But eventually , they ’ll come after something that you believe in .
Then you ’ll know what it ’s like to be any of the aforementioned people .
Or me - A conscientious objector in the military .
Imagine another 8 years of a president like Bush , and 1984 becomes a likely scenario .
Maybe radicalism of any aspect is equally as dangerous as the next .
But this country needs a change .
Educate yourself .
Start by reading 1984 .
Do n’t be the ignorant prole mentioned in the book .
More quotes from 1984 to remember :
-“ Until they become conscious , they will never rebel , and until after they have rebelled they cannot become conscious . ”
This references the proles , the common man of Oceanie : uneducated , poor .
They comprise 85 % of Oceania ’s population , yet they have no power whatsoever .
-“ Power is not a means , it is an end . ”
Look at the liberties we Americans have given up to support the so - called War on Terrorism .
What happens if that war is seen as won ?
Will we just get all of our rights back ?
Or is it more likely that there will be another war in which more rights are taken away ?
Which allows me to transition to another quote form the book :
-“ The object of waging a war is always to be in a better position in which to wage another war . ”
Think about it .
Or better yet , do n’t .
The government thrives and survives on people who do n’t .
-“ In the long run , a hierarchical society is only possible on a basis of poverty and ignorance . ”
Which is why I am convinced that the government will never truly address the issue of poverty .
The government needs the poor like they need the stupid .
As long as our government consists of rich , old , white men , than it is assured that the rich in this country will remain rich , old , white men .
Nothing will change unless we the people demand it .
March in the streets !
Surely I ’m not the only only who ’s angry !
Do n’t let the visions of 1984 become reality .
Re-chargeable batteries are no good when they run out of power and you have no electric point handy to tank them up again .
Here ’s where the concept of the Wind Up Battery steps in ; re-charge these cells via the conventional battery charger OR use the hand - crank to wind up and source - up some juice .
Kinda like your hand - crank radios .
A simply superb concept !
Designer : Qian Jiang
Pin Share Flip WhatsApp Pocket 181 Shares
Peggle XBLA Getting ' Nights ' Expansion
The expansion pack is due out this fall , developer PopCap announced today , noting that it " includes all the levels and challenges from the PC and Mac versions of Peggle Nights " and has been " tuned specifically for the [ Xbox Live Arcade ] player . "
No price was given .
" Peggle Nights essentially doubles the size of the Peggle XBLA universe , " boasted Peggle co-creator Sukhbir Sidhu .
A breakdown of the pack follows below :
Even More Research : Technology Is Making Kids Better Writers , Not Worse
from the and - again - and - again - and - again dept
" I think we 're in the midst of a literacy revolution the likes of which we have n't seen since Greek civilization . "
Lunsford 's team found that the students were remarkably adept at what rhetoricians call kairos — assessing their audience and adapting their tone and technique to best get their point across .
The modern world of online writing , particularly in chat and on discussion threads , is conversational and public , which makes it closer to the Greek tradition of argument than the asynchronous letter and essay writing of 50 years ago .
The fact that students today almost always write for an audience ( something virtually no one in my generation did ) gives them a different sense of what constitutes good writing .
In interviews , they defined good prose as something that had an effect on the world .
For them , writing is about persuading and organizing and debating , even if it 's over something as quotidian as what movie to go see .
The Stanford students were almost always less enthusiastic about their in - class writing because it had no audience but the professor :
It did n't serve any purpose other than to get them a grade .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Every few months or so , we read about some freaked out reporter / columnist / pundit / politician complaining about how the internet and texting are destroying kids ' ability to write .
Yet , pretty much every study on the subject has found the opposite to be true .
Study after study after study after study after study have all found that kids today are better writers than in the past .
Clive Thompson writes about even more research on the subject , talking to a professor who suggests that , rather than " the death of writing " this is a renaissance :
That 's because people arewriting .
Almost all of this communication actually involves writing .
In the past , outside of school -- or certain job functions , many people barely wrote at all .
And , yes , kids use txt spk at times , but every generation changes and morphs the language .
But , more importantly , kids are smart enough to know what 's appropriate when in most cases :
But there 's also an interesting philosophical shift that he highlights .
Since theof writing andis different than in the past , many younger people today approach writing in a different manner , and even have rethought what they consider to be good writing :
This is really fascinating when you think about it .
Historically , many people have n't been that concerned about their writing , because it .
But , the more it matters , the more seriously they take it .
This certainly does n't mean that everyone has become a good writer -- far from it ( just view any open comment forum ) .
But , when people really care about what they 're saying , they tend to get better at it , and the internet gives more people more reasons to care .
As for all the bad writing out there ?
It 's not a sign of the destruction of written English .
Those people probablywithout the internet .
So it 's actually a step up , relatively , from what they would have been doing in an alternate internetless universe .
Filed Under : literacy , skills , texting , writing
In this final article in the passive solar design overview series ( see Parts 1 , 2 , 3 , and 4 ) , we will cover the techniques used to avoid hot and cold spots in a passive solar building , how to provide fresh air , and how to provide cooling ( in many situations ) .
Comfort
The first aspect we must address is the needs of the building occupants .
While we may strive for ideal conditions as often as possible , a zero net energy home might not be required by its owners to always fit the mold of a typical power - intensive HVAC design .
To understand how we need to distribute the heat from the building 's thermal masses , we need to understand how the human body interacts with the conditioned space , and how to define comfort .
In simple terms , the human body is considered to have obtained thermal comfort when a body ’s heat loss equals its heat gain .
More specifically , the American Society of Heating , Refrigeration , and Air-Conditioning Engineers ( ASHRAE ) devised a simple chart showing the upper and lower bounds of temperature and humidity by for what it defines as human comfort zones , taking into consideration differing clothing levels by season .
ASHRAE Comfort Zones
Other factors are also important , such as metabolic rate , clothing insulation , radiant temperature of other masses or heat sources , and air speed .
62 % of it 's body heat via radiation ,
15 % by evaporation ,
10 % by convection ,
10 % by respiration and
3 % by conduction .
The body exchanges , in a typical scenario [ 17 ] :
Note that during the US Energy Crisis in the 1970's , Jimmy Carter sat in front of a fire with a sweater on , asking Americans to set their thermostats to 65 degrees F in the winter time , outside of the ASHRAE comfort zone .
As we experience other such shortfalls in supply in the future , expect the BAU comfort zones to be questioned and expanded to fit the situation at hand .
Distribution
Capturing and storing solar thermal energy is not enough ; how do we ensure its dispersal when and where we need it ?
There are two types of heat transfer related to passive solar heat distribution ; convection and radiation .
Convection : Simply put , warm air rises .
Any thermal storage element that is warmer than the surrounding air will heat the air closest to it , causing that air to rise .
There are extensive calculations necessary to determine convection heat transfer with precision , but for our purposes , an approximation will suffice ; Q = h A ( Ts – Ta ) where ;
Q = heat transferred
h = convection parameter ( approximations assuming laminar flow )
Horizontal surface : h = 0.27 ( ΔT / A ) 0.25
Vertical surface : h = 0.29 ( ΔT / A ) 0.25
A = area
Ts = surface temperature
Ta = ambient ( indoor ) temperature
: where ; Q = heat transferred h = convection parameter ( approximations assuming laminar flow ) Horizontal surface : h = 0.27 ( ΔT / A ) Vertical surface : h = 0.29 ( ΔT / A ) A = area
Ts = surface temperature Ta = ambient ( indoor ) temperature Radiation :
If a thermal storage element is warmer than nearby objects within line of sight , the element will transfer heat in the infrared wavelengths .
The energy emitted via radiation from an object warmed by the sun ( i.e. , thermal storage wall , masonry floor ) can be calculated with this formula ;
Q = ε σ A T4 where ;
ε = surface emissivity ( See Part 2 of this series and additional values in this list ) .
σ = Stephan Boltzmann constant , 5.7 x 10 -8 W/m2/K4
T = absolute temperature K ( °C + 272 )
Direct Gain :
Part of our answer here depends upon the depth of the heated space , and the location and conductivity of the thermal mass ; if a house is too deep ( north to south ) , then the polar - facing side can be cooler than the area warmed by the thermal mass .
The heat is convected up from the warmed masonry floor , allowing one to walk about in stocking feet in the winter .
Heat transfer from direct gain thermal mass ( Graphic courtesy of greenbuilder.com
Interior design of direct gain buildings that utilize thermal mass can take advantage of the depth the winter sun can penetrate into the occupied space , which reaches the maximum depth on December 21st .
Rooms or portions of larger rooms on the polar - facing side of the building where the sun does not directly heat the thermal mass are candidates for utility rooms , closets , bathrooms , and other rooms where occupancy is infrequent and / or of short duration .
Direct Gain heat transfer ( Graphic courtesy of RecycleWorks )
Indirect Gain :
Trombe walls distribute heat in two manners ;
By convection of warmed air back into the top of the room during the daytime , and
by thermal radiation from the trombe wall mass , primarily at night
In designs that take advantage of trombe walls , we clearly see that during the night , objects close to the trombe wall will be warmer than those further away .
Such considerations play a major role in the interior design and living space layout of homes utilizing this technique .
Unless a storage mass with a period of at least one day is factored in ( see Part 3 ) , trombe walls would not be suitable to office or other work spaces that are only occupied during the day .
Trombe wall heat distribution
Isolated Gain :
Isolated gain designs are very similar to Trombe walls with respect to heat ( or cooling ) distribution .
Isolated Gain
Ventilation
An occupied space requires a minimal amount of circulation and fresh air to avoid the sense of staleness .
During pleasant weather , the most obvious approach would be to simply open the windows ( except for offices without operable windows ) .
During heating ( and cooling ) weather , there are several ways to accomplish bringing in fresh air , including ;
Passive Solar Pre-Heat
Fresh air can be brought in through a passive solar panel on sunny days via the thermosiphon effect ( i.e. , warm air rises ) .
To avoid unwanted infiltration , the opening should be sealed during non-sunny hours .
Fans may be used to control the flow rate .
Very cold locations and / or those with marginal solar resources may not be viable candidates for this approach .
Air that is expelled from the house is normally at the desired temperature , and the heat energy in that air is lost to the outside .
Passive Solar Pre-heater
Heat recovery ventilator ( HRV )
Heat Recovery Ventilator
Heat recovery ventilators are ( normally ) powered ventilators and are considered active technology when such , though are often employed in passive solar buildings and are a key element in Passive Houses .
High efficiency is important , and they are often only turned on a scheduled basis , when CO2 levels reach a threshold , or when indoor humidity is excessive .
HRVs exchange the heat energy from stale warm inside air with fresh cold outside air , warming the incoming fresh outside air with outgoing warm inside air .
Confused ?
Just take look at the picture below , and note that HRVs capture the indoor heat energy before it is exhausted to the outside ;
A new non-powered twist to HRVs was made at the London Beddington Zero Energy Development ( dubbed " BedZed " ) .
Wind is used as the motivating force , steering a rotating wind vane ventilator on the roof .
The fresh air intake is on the windward side , and the stale air exhaust is on the leeward side .
While the wind speed determines the overall air change rate , manual damper controls can be employed to moderate the ventilation rate on high wind days .
Wind directed HRV cowlings at BedZed
Energy recovery ventilator ( ERV )
These are very similar to HRVs , except that they also account for differences in humidity , capturing latent heat energy that might otherwise be lost .
The moisture capture is often implemented through the use of a rotating dessicant wheel , which absorbs the humidity from one air stream , and releases it into the other air stream as the wheel turns .
This helps to maintain humidity levels in winter time , and often keeps humidity out in summer , though high humidity climates can often overwhelm the dessicant wheel capacity .
Energy Recovery Ventilator
Cooling
There are a number of approaches and variations concerning summer ventilation in passive solar design ; in this overview , we will briefly examine two techniques that are applicable in low to moderate humidity environments .
Solar Chimney
Air rises when it is warmed .
Some designs incorporate an elevated component in a building , often as a cupola or a stairway with an extended height ceiling .
The solar chimney is a collecting point for warm air , which it dissipates through its vents or a high window .
One step further is the use of a vertical passageway from different floors to the elevated compontent , so that the warmer air from each floor can rise through up in a chimney effect .
Taking it yet one step further , painting a vertical exhaust element black would absorb the sun 's energy , heating the air further , and creating a stronger updraft .
Solar Chimney ( Graphic courtesy of Greenbuilder.com )
Night Flush
In areas where cooling season nighttime temperatures are lower than approximately 65 F ( for at least some portion of the season ) and humidity levels are low to moderate , a night flush can be employed by opening windows and exposing internal thermal mass to lower ambient temperatures , reducing the temperature of the thermal mass .
This has the effect of rejecting heat accumulated during the previous day .
When morning comes , the windows are closed when the ambient temperature rises above that of the thermal mass , with the thermal mass helping to moderate the temperature swing throughout the day ( if enough thermal mass has be utilized ) .
One drawback of this approach in residences is the potential for sleeping occupants to be warm upon repose , then chilled during the early morning hours .
Commercial office and retail buildings , on the other hand , do not have this issue .
A number of commercial buildings have been designed and constructed utilizing the night flush approach , some examples of which include ;
US Federal Building , San Francisco ( night flush windows open )
References :
1. David Kent Ballast , Architect 's Handbook of Formulas , Tables , and Mathematical Calculations , Prentice Hall , 19882 .
Kissock , J , Internal Heat Gains and Design Heating & Cooling Loads , University of Dayton Lecture3 .
Michael J. Crosbie , The Passive Solar Design and Construction Handbook , John Wiley and Sons , 19984 .
John Little , Randall Thomas , Design with Energy : The Conservation and Use of Energy in Buildings , Cambridge University Press , 19845 .
Passive Solar Heating and Cooling , Arizona Solar Center6 .
Jeff Vail , Annualized Geo-Solar , JeffVail.net7 .
K. Darkwa * , J.-S. Kim , Dynamics of energy storage in phase change drywall systems , Wiley , 20058 Jo Darkwa , Mathematical Modelling and Simulation of Phase Change Drywalls for Heating Application in a Passive Solar Building , AIAA , 20059 .
Warszawski , Abraham , Industrialized and Automated Building Systems , Taylor & Francis , 199910 .
US Department of Defense , Passive Solar Buildings , Unified Facilities Criteria , UFC 3-440-03N , 200411 .
F. Bruckmeyer , The Equivalent Brick Wall , , 63 ( 6 ) , 1942 , pg 61-6512 .
J. Douglas Balcomb , Passive Solar Buildings , MIT Press , 198813 .
M. Hoffman , M. Feldman , Calculation of the Thermal Responses of Buildings by the Total Time Constant Method , Building and Environment , Vol 16 , No. 2 , pg 71 - 85 , 198114 .
Givoni , Baruch , Climate Considerations in Building and Urban Design , John Wiley and Sons , 1998 pg. 115-14715 .
Hoseggen , Rasmus , Dynamic use of the building structure - energy performance and thermal environment , Norwegian University of Science and Technology , 200816 .
Bruce Haglund , Kurt Rathmann , Thermal Mass in Solar and Energy - Conserving Buildings ( .pdf ) , University of Idaho17 .
D. Baggs , Thermal Mass & its Role in Building Comfort and Energy Efficiency , EcoSpecifier Technical Guides
Older people appear better able to control their emotions
Most people get happier as they grow older , studies on people aged up to their mid-90s suggest .
Despite worries about ill health , income , changes in social status and bereavements , later life tends to be a golden age , according to psychologists .
They found older adults generally make the best of the time they have left and have learned to avoid situations that make them feel sad or stressed .
The young should do the same , they told the American Psychological Association .
Ageing society
The UK is an ageing nation - in less than 25 years , one in four people in the UK will be over 65 and the number of over - 85s will have doubled .
And it is expected there will be 30,000 people aged over 100 by the year 2030 .
For many people , older age and later life is often looked upon with dread and worry
Andrew Harrop
Head of public policy at Age Concern and Help the Aged According to University of California psychologist Dr Susan Turk Charles , this should make the UK a happier society .
By reviewing the available studies on emotions and ageing she found that mental wellbeing generally improved with age , except for people with dementia - related ill health .
Work carried out by Dr Laura Carstensen , a psychology professor at Stanford University , suggested why this might be the case .
Dr Carstensen asked volunteers ranging in age from 18 to mid-90s to take part in various experiments and keep diaries of their emotional state .
She found the older people were far less likely than the younger to experience persistent negative moods and were more resilient to hearing personal criticism .
They were also much better at controlling and balancing their emotions - a skill that appeared to improve the older they became .
TIPS FOR A HAPPY OLD AGE Envisage ways to thoroughly enjoy the years ahead and imagine living to a healthy and happy 100 Design your life and daily routines to reinforce this goal Do n't put all your " social " eggs in one basket - invest time outside of your family and career too Dr Charles explained : " Based on work by Carstensen and her colleagues , we know that older people are increasingly aware that the time they have left in life is growing shorter .
" They want to make the best of it so they avoid engaging in situations that will make them unhappy .
" They have also had more time to learn and understand the intentions of others which helps them to avoid these stressful situations . "
Dr Carstensen said the young would do well to start preparing for their old age now .
This includes adopting a healthy daily routine and ensuring some social investment is spent outside of the workplace and family home .
Andrew Harrop , head of public policy at Age Concern and Help the Aged , said the findings were encouraging .
" For many people , older age and later life is often looked upon with dread and worry .
HAVE YOUR SAY
As you get older you can get more frustrated and grumpy but more importantly you gain a sense of perspective John Uriel , Wallasey " Far too many younger people assume that getting older is a process that will inevitably mean sickness , frailty and lack of mobility and greater dependence .
However , this is far from the truth in very many cases .
" Many older people lead active , healthy lives enriched by experience and learning .
" This positive advantage can be brought to bear across so many aspects of daily life which - in turn - hugely benefits our ageing society .
" It 's vital that there is growing acceptance that just because someone is getting older , it does n't mean they no longer have a significant contribution to make .
" This study is one of many which shows that later life can be a enormously positive experience . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Post by AriBunny » Sat Mar 21 , 2009 2:40 pm
SPIRIT OF LEVIATHAN
Job 41 is the key passage on leviathan .
Most of the people who have this powerful spirit never get deliverance because one of his chief jobs is to block deliverance .
Ministers who refuse to open up to the ministry of deliverance are being controlled by a leviathan spirit .
This is their chief problem .
Most of the people who fight the deliverance ministry have powerful leviathan demons , and are therefore rarely delivered .
Perhaps one of the reasons we know so little about this spirit is because we do not get to tackle him as often as others .
Strong 's Concordance ( 3882 , 3867 ) defines leviathan as a wreathed animal or a serpent .
He is also called the constellation of the dragon , or Orion .
Within the constellation Orion there are seven stars , each with a name .
These names have been found helpful in dislodging leviathan in deliverance .
Pleaides and Articus are two of these seven stars ( demons ) tied in with leviathan .
Often when you manage to force them out , leviathan is also defeated .
Another word for leviathan means to twine , to unite and to remain .
Again we are reminded of his serpentine nature and that he is a strongman .
A word which occurs six times in the Old Testament comes from a root word which means to bend or twist .
It means literally wreathed ; like a wreath ; to be wreathed ; gathering itself in folds .
The context suggests some form of aquatic monster which dwells in the sea .
In the scriptures the sea represents nations of people .
The sea is the voice of many waters , or many people , in the book of Revelation .
In Psalms 74:14 , is a reference to Pharaoh and the Exodus , which parallels with another Hebrew word " tannon , " which means a sea or river monster .
The word occurs again in Ezekiel 29:3 - 5 symbolizing Pharaoh and the Egyptians .
Oftentimes there is an Egyptian spirit tied in with leviathan , a spirit of the world and worldliness .
In Job 3 - 8 reference is made to a dragon , which according to ancient mythology , was supposed to cause eclipses by wrapping itself around the sun .
Leviathan was considered to be a great mythical monster , identified with the Babylonian mother goddess , Timat .
The father of Timat was Apsu , in the Babylonian creation story .
This monster fought with Marduk by reciting charms and casting witchcraft spells .
In the Word there is a seven - headed monster , which takes us back to the constellation Orion and its seven stars .
The seven heads are the seven stars and the creature is described as a fleeing serpent , the tortuous serpents smitten by Baal .
Isaiah 27:1 declares : " In that day the Lord , with his sore and great and strong sword shall punish leviathan , the piercing serpent , even leviathan that crooked serpent ( or tortuous serpent ) and he shall slay the dragon that is in the sea . "
There is a dragon in the sea ( people or nations ) and God is going to slay that dragon .
I believe He is already beginning and we are already there , tribulating now .
For example , there are some things which no longer bother me .
I have overcome areas in the sex and drug area , yet out in the world some are still falling like flies in those traps .
Even some Christians are being snared because they are not getting into deliverance and therefore not being set free .
The noun translated leviathan may also designate serpents such as might be roused by snake charming magicians .
These men were also reputed to be able to impose curses , therefore snake charming curses are involved here .
There is another root word , Lawa , in the Hebrew ( Strong 's 1087 ) used once in Ecclesiastes 8:15 .
It refers to the joining of an item or a person to someone or something else .
Significantly , we believe that in the Bible this refers to foreigners who join God 's people as converts , the joining of an alien thing to God 's people .
In general , I think it refers to the way in which hedonistic pleasures stay with a man .
In Ecclesiastes 8:15 : " Then I commended mirth , because a man hath no better thing under the sun , than to eat , and to drink , and to be merry ; for that shall abide with him of his labor all the days of his life , which God giveth him under the sun . "
Notice , these pleasures will cling to a man .
Again the reference is to clinging , writhing and twisting .
They get caught up with a man internally .
Job 41 says : " Canst thou draw out leviathan with an hook ?
Or his tongue with a cord which thou lettest down ? "
In our congregation there is a man from a hard background , he was a career army officer in Viet Nam .
When he came home his brains were scrambled .
Officials of the Army had judged him to be a 100 % disabled schizophrenic .
He appeared on our doorstep one day after hearing our radio program .
This began a battle such as I had never seen , and it is not over yet .
We have been at it now for about six months .
Being a disabled veteran , he is required to report every month to a psychiatrist in order to maintain his disability .
After deliverance , he came to me and said he was so much better that he no longer was schizophrenic .
He asked " What am I going to tell them when I go back for my interview ? " I said , " Well , what do they want to find out ? "
He said they just want to know whether or not I am still crazy .
I told him to tell them what had happened to him in deliverance .
It worked , for after that report they were certain he was crazy .
In his Bible studies he came to the conclusion that Behemoth ( Job 4 ) was the will of man .
That big sluggish animal is strong , brassy and very hard to budge .
Leviathan represents or burrows into the self of man .
In the book of Job the whole context is an ongoing debate between Job and his friends .
Finally , God announces that He has had enough and demands an answer in chapter 38:4 : " Where was thou when I laid the foundations of this earth ?
Declare if thou has understanding . "
In verse 31 He asks , " Canst thou bind the sweet influences of Pleiades or loose the bands of Orion ? "
Here at the clumination of an entire revelation , God gives this righteous man of God an entire discourse about leviathan .
Some call him a crocodile or something else , but he is an evil spirit .
There is revelation here and although we do not ahve all of it , we can utilize what we do know .
When we get down to that real , true self , we are where leviathan has his stronghold .
He 's a writhing serpent , seven heads , etc .
Although I 've never seen him in the Spirit , he must be very ugly .
There is a part deep inside where leviathan dwells .
Even after ousting him , there 's still self - will which says , " This as far as I 'm willing to go , " and sure enough , if you listen ; that is as far as you will go .
Job 41:8 says that when we lay our hands on leviathan we will remember the battle and will not do it again .
That struggle reminds us of our old self who does not want to reveal things , does not want anyone to know .
Job 41:15 states that the scales of leviathan are his pride and are shut up together with a close seal .
One is so near to another that no air can come between them .
In the scripture , air , breath and wind are synomymous with the Holy Spirit .
The reason people get so shut in is because of the effects of leviathan 's tight coils around them , inhibiting the moving of the Spirit .
They cannot hear or discern the Spirit and they say they never get a word from the Lord or move in the gifts .
The reason is that no air of the Spirit is able to get in because this demon has such a strangle hold .
The scales are joined one to another and cannot be sundered .
" By his sneezings a light doth shine and his eyes are like the eyelids of the morning or the rays of dawn ; out of his mouth goes burning lamps and sparks of fire leap out . "
This brings to mind James ' references to how the tongue kindles a fire .
Tongue problems are rooted in leviathan .
When he gets in the church and looses some of that fire , he sets the whole place ablaze .
" Out of his nostrils goeth smoke as out of a seething pot or cauldron ; his breath kindleth coals and a flame goeth out of his mouth . "
This refers to a cutting , critical tongue rooted in a spirit of pride .
I see this smoke going out of leviathan 's nostrils as false praise and worship , like the smoke going up from the incense burning of Nadab .
Because the person is so bound up with pride , he cannot really praise God .
He is too important , too bound up in himself to give any real praise and worship to God .
In verse 22 , " In his neck remaineth strength . "
The neck reminds you of the will .
Stiffnecked pride and stubborness are with leviathan .
Sometimes strenghth in the neck can be a negative thing , because Jesus spoke of the stiffnecked and uncircumcised heart .
The bowing of the neck is rebelliousness , which brings us back to pride and sorrow .
Dismay goes with stubborn people just as the flakes or the folds of leviathan 's flesh are joined together ; firm in themselves and unable to be moved .
These people cannot be told anything , they know it all .
Haughtily they speak : " God showed me that a Christian can't have a demon .
You 're in deception , brother . "
His heart or chest is said to be as firm as a stone , as hard as a piece of the nether millstone ( verse 24 ) .
Here , hard and cold heartedness are tied to leviathan .
" When he raises up himself , the mighty are afraid : by reason of breaking they purify themselves . "
In verse 31 , he makes the deep to boil like a pot and there is a verse in Psalms which says " deep calleth unto deep . "
This brings us back to self again .
The deep is where the real you is located .
There is a deep in me and I 'm very careful about who I let in there .
God can get in there , deep calls unto deep , but the leviathan spirit will cause that deep to boil .
There will be a restlessness and turmoil inside .
Sometimes you cannot sleep well because there is something moving around , boiling in there .
This could well be a leviathan spirit at work inside .
Also note that this boiling is not only in you but that it also stirs up other people .
If you ever have occasion to spend much time around schizophrenics you will find that they just wear you out .
They have a problem and you do also .
We need to become unmovable , unable to get stirred up about anything except God 's righteousness and the evil that is in the world .
" He maketh a path to shine after him and one would think the deep to be hoary ( or have white hair ; to have wisdom with old age ) ; upon earth there is not his like , who is made without fear , or ( who behave without fear ) .
He beholdeth all high things : he is a king over all the children of pride ( vs. 32 -34 ) .
Another way of stating this is that he looks down on all who are haughty ; he is a king over all those who are proud .
Pride and leviathan are practically synonymous .
It is hard to separate them because pride causes that stony heart to close the scales and folds together blocking the Spirit of God from entering .
Some sit listening , but not understanding or hearing the Word of God .
Leviathan 's most crucial work is in the area of keeping people from receiving the things of God and of the Spirit .
You may say you have no pride but rebellious pride often hides .
Leviathan is sneaky and subtle and can easily hide himself .
He can twist , writhe and slip out of the way ; causing one to reject dependence on God and subjection to God .
he is quick to attribute to self the honor due to God , therefore this pride is the very root and essence of all sin .
Long ago Lucifer said , " I will exalt myself ; I will sit on the sides of the north and be king " ( Isaiah 14 ) .
The very root of his downfall was pride .
Me !
Me !
Me !
The awful worship of me , who needs no help .
" If I go to a church which is really real , they 'll get revelation by the Spirit , of what I need . "
That is just pride , nothing more or less !
It is like driving into a gasoline station and telling the attendant , " I have an unspoken request . "
To tell the workers , " Just see what the Lord tells you , " is rebellious pride in action .
The fallen devil , as described in Luke 10:18 , still has a craving to be like God .
As a result of the fall our whole nature has become infected with pride .
The temptation to know good and evil , to eat of that forbidden tree was motivated by pride in Adam and Eve .
Just think , the tree of life was also there in the garden and God did not forbid them to eat of it .
Yet , they went straight over to eat of the tree of good and evil , not the tree of life .
That is pride .
We are descended from Adam and therefore easily affected by pride .
This why leviathan is so strong , powerful and deeply rooted in us .
The fascination with the forbidden , feeds leviathan who wreaths himslef tightly in the old self .
There is yet another dimension , even after deliverance from leviathan .
The crucifixion of self must still take place in many areas .
For example , people want to be delivered from cigarettes but they also must have a part .
In our church there is a pouting brother right now who refused to come to church last Sunday .
He had gotten deliverance from cigarette spirits , nicotine , tobacco , etc. , and expected to get up the next morning without any desire for a cigarette .
Although this might happen , many times when you get up the next morning , you want one so bad that you think you are going to die .
Is the evil spirit still there : No , he has gone .
What is that then ?
That 's me , that 's me , that 's the old self down there .
The only course to pursue is to put on the cross .
Crosses were instruments of death having two dimensions .
Frankly , I do n't know where we cross the line from the spirit of pride to just the old self which refuses to humble itself in submission to God .
You can resist the devil all day long but there must first be submission to God if you are really going to be free .
You may have to say , " God , I 'm going to have to break out of this pride and become submissive to You . "
This indeed might be the starting place to overthrow pride .
The condemnation of the devil is associated with pride ( I Timothy 3:6 ) and his undoing .
Proverbs 8:13 says : God hates pride , therefore there is no place in us for it .
Proverbs 16:18 warns that prides goes before destruction and a haughty spirit before a fall .
The word for pride used here is one which means swelling excellence .
Psalms 10:4 declares it to be the root cause of atheism .
Psalms 10:4 : " The wicked , through the pride of his countenance , will not seek after God : God is not in all his thoughts . "
The word here again is haughtiness , which brought about the downfall of Nebuchadnezzar in Daniel 4 .
The dictionary defines pride as an over high opinion of oneself ; exaggerated self - esteem , conceit ; haughty behaviour ; arrogance ; delight or satisfaction in one 's own or another 's achievements .
God hates all of this .
Once when I was meditating and praying about leviathan , I asked God for a revelation .
Awakening in the night , God spoke to my heart that leviathan resides in the Holy Place and that he is a counterfeiter .
Any studies on the tabernacle of Moses will show a fenced outer court with a tent - like structure on the inside containing two rooms .
One was the Holy Place and the other the Holy of Holies .
The Holy Place was entered dialy by ministering priests and contained three pieces of furniture .
A massive golden candlestick or lampstand was lit and provided the only light .
There was a golden altar of incense where incense made sweet smelling smoke to go up as a type of worship and prayer to God and as a type of the baptism of the Holy Spirit .
There was also a table of shewbread to the right with twelve loaves of shewbread , which were replenished weekly .
When you came in through the second veil , you had already been at the Brazen Altar ( salvation ) .
The second veil is the place of revelation and illumination by the Spirit of God , symbolized by the oil burning in the lamps .
Nourishment is from Jesus , the bread of life , on the shewbread table .
This is where leviathan has his place .
He is more interested in Spirit - filled people than anyone else .
One of the big problems in the Spirit - filled churches is pride .
We are so proud of our revelation !
We do have some truth , but God is too wise to give any one of us the whole thing .
We are three part beings ; we are soul ; we have a spirit , and we live in a body .
This is a type of the Holy Place where leviathan works .
He is at work in our soul ; in our emotions , mind and will .
He attempts to keep us from entering into the Holy of Holies , into the very presence of God .
This is the third veil and he does not want us there , for once there , we have got it .
This third veil was arent when Jesus died on teh cross .
This was that veil between the Spirit filled realm and the very presence of God .
No man could go there except Moses and the high priest , and then only once a year .
Here leviathan stands to block entrance .
He attempts to snuff out the lamps ; cut off the bread ( the manna ) ; and he tries to keep us from offering up daily incense ( prayer in the Spirit ) .
He does not want us to move in the Spirit ; to have words of knowledge or any other spiritual gift .
He will choke us off with spiritual deafness and blindness , causing us to be tongue - tied .
God said leviathan is living in the Holy Place and is a counterfeiter .
His seven heads imitate the seven lamps of Revelation ( Psalms 74:14 ; Job 41:19 )
The smoke from his nostrils is counterfeit prayer ( worship at the altar of incense ) and he is commissioned to counterfeit the genuine Pentecostal experience .
Leviathan wants us to have the counterfeit and if we get that and are satisfied with it , he has us .
Many have had counterfeit experiences .
Increasingly , we have had to cast out spirits of false tongues .
Many are requiring deliverance from false , error filled ministries .
Malachi 2 speaks of the blessings which have been cursed .
While I read that scripture one of the brothers in my church woke up .
It was as if he had been asleep for five years .
Five years earlier , he had become involved in a ministry led by a man in serious error .
Not knowing this , he walked with him for years before finally realizing the truth .
God told him to stay there although the man was cursing him from the pulpit .
Finally , God told him to leave .
He just realizeed that his blessings had been cursed for those five years .
When it lifted off of him with that scripture , he received a massive deliverance .
Perhaps you too are asleep .
Ephesians says , " Awake thou that sleepest , and arise from the dead , and Christ shall give you life . "
Leviathan can come in to strangle your experience in God in such a way that you can slumber for years without notice .
The modern church today is largely asleep because of leviathan 's work .
He loves to eclipse things and mythology associates him with the eclipse of the son .
He wants to eclipse the S - O - N in your life but you do n't have allow this .
You can be free .
Leviathan is the climatic revelation of Job and the climax of the book is chapter 41 .
God reveals the monster and Job responds in Job 41:5 : " I 've heard but now I see . "
He had the revelation .
Job 's primary problem was pride and God had to hit him hard to enable him to see it .
In Isaiah 27:1 there is an endtime scene dealing with leviathan .
There is a parallel pasaage in Revelation 12:9 in which the devil is called the great dragon .
Some believe leviathan to be the devil and no doubt he is a close copy .
Scripture says much about pride ;
God breaks the pride of power because it refuses to hearken to His Word and to the commandments , despising his statutes ( Leviticus 16:19 ; Job 33:17 ) .
God speaks to a man at night to keep him from pride .
If God spoke to some of us audibly , we 'd form a new denomination !
In Psalms 73:1 - 6 , pride results from prosperity , therefore much of the extreme prosperity preaching can not be of God .
Pride comes from prosperity and from the lack of trouble ( Psalms 73:1 - 6 ) .
Paul said he had to learn how to be abased then how to abound .
It is much easier to learn how to be abased than how to abound .
The downfall of many good preachers has been accomplished by prosperity and the lack of trouble .
In deliverance at least , we will not lack for either .
Shame follows after pride ( Proverbs 11:2 ) ; pride brings contention and breeds quarrels ( Proverbs 13:10 ) .
If you 're a quarreler , contentious , always arguing with people , your problem is pride and leviathan .
pride brings a man low ( Proverbs 29:23 ) ; pride defiles a man ( Mark 7:22 ) .
We need not worry about the fellow who becomes proud and arrogant , for God will take care of him .
Pride is our biggest area of blindness .
It can be right before us and we will fail to see it or to call it pride .
It is rooted in rejection and rebellion .
We react to rejection with perfectionism and as we become " perfect , " we achieve the carnal goals of having things just as we want them .
We begin to puff up with pride .
" I want somebody to love me , so I 'll set myself a goal , achieve it and say , look at me ; look what I 've done . "
We develop an exaggerated opinion of ourselves , vanity follows , with excessive pride .
Pride may even hide itself under a false humility .
" I 'm such a mess .
Oh , I 'm so thankful I got to come . "
Ego also rises up when we become hyper -self conscious .
Self awareness leads to intolerance of others because they are not as perfect as we are .
In comes a critical spirit as satan works to load us with demons .
We become frustrated and impatient because everyone is not as we want them to be .
It is frustrating for we can not change them to suit ourselves .
Because a perfectionistic person is still aware of his own personal flaws and problems , he is miserable .
He sees his problems and cannot solve them , therefore he begins to project them onto other people .
He will talk about and accuse others ( Proverbs 13:10 ) .
Because other people are so messed up , this justifies his becoming disobedient and anti-submissive or rebellious .
That husband just wo n't straighten up so she must take over .
He will not be the priest of the house or pray , therefore she must take charge because he is not perfected yet .
Create him in your own image instead of letting God create him in His image .
Ladies , if you try this you are going to have a monster on your hands .
It is better to leave him alone and let God create him in God 's image .
Deep inside , the perfectionist believes that nobody can or should be trusted , not even God , because sometimes even he misses the mark .
When God does not seem to answer your prayers , you wonder why He messed up .
After all , you had every right to have that prayer answered , the Word says so .
" Why did n't You answer my prayer God ? "
If you got in your prayer closet and became honest , that is what some of you would have to talk about .
This stands between you and everything else and will keep you from getting deliverance .
If you cannot even trust God , who can you trust ?
" Me , I 'm dependable , " and in comes self - will as you become your own source of authority .
You will be selfish and stubborn , caught in a proud snare ( Psalms 31:20 ) .
Self - deception deceives , defrauds and misleads a person about himself .
Self - seduction means to tempt , decoy or mislead into something wrong or evil .
When we seduce ourselves , pride reinforces itself and it becomes a vicious circle .
The afflicted one becomes unteachable , judgmental and usually seeks to control others with an attitude of possessiveness .
It is a downward spiral for when you become unteachable , you have moved to the place where very little help is available .
There is little success with unteachable people .
The critical time comes when one 's ultimate confidence in God as the object and source shifts to oneself as the object and source .
God must be our source and the object of all we want .
When such a shift takes place and I become the source , then I become legalistic : " If I do n't do this or that , " it 's not going to be right .
Pride makes professions such as : " It 's over ; I ca n't stand it nor I 'm only human , " etc .
Slogans we often pick up are loaded with pride as are some religious advertisements and ballyhoo such as : famous , renowned , apostolic , dynamic , powerful , international , stupendous , etc .
Some of our do nots and will nots : " I do n't do that and I do n't do this " can be pride .
" Why , God ? "
Who are you to ask God why ?
" I want some private ministry .
Can I talk to you alone ? "
There is pride cropping up again .
The good news is that Jesus is both the Answer and the Deliverer .
We know there is no condemnation in Christ Jesus and we thank the Lord for the spirit of conviction .
May we all work diligently to root out all pride for the destruction of leviathan in the name of Jesus .
w00t .
1.7 and 7.5 status : we 're frozen
Hi , Sorry for the paucity of updates ( as well as progress ) .
After a chat with Peter , we decided to postpone XKB2 ( yet again ) to 1.8 , to give it more time to mature , as opposed to just dropping it in the tree , and also to allow us to make any updates to Xi that may be required after actually deploying it with 1.7 .
This means that we 're not blocking on anything major for 1.7 bar stabilisation work and bug fixes , which means ...
XSERVER IS FROZEN .
PLEASE DON'T COMMIT ANYTHING MAJOR , OR ANY API BREAKS , WITHOUT CHECKING WITH ME AND / OR PETER FIRST .
1.6.99.900 will be rolled some time over the weekend , with .901 to follow fairly shortly after that .
We 'll branch the server when it makes sense -- probably pretty close to .901 or .902 .
Xi proto / libs need a final release at some stage , but most of the other modules are looking fairly good at the moment , and indeed already have releases .
I 'm hoping this means a final 1.7 and 7.5 release shortly before , or during , XDC .
If you maintain a weird platform , please get building the stack and let us know of any problems so we can release a 7.5 that actually works everywhere .
As always , please let me know if you have any questions .
Cheers , Daniel -------------- next part
--------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed ...
Name : not available Type : application / pgp-signature Size : 197 bytes Desc : not available Url : http://lists.x.org/archives/xorg-devel/attachments/20090901/f6a310cd/attachment.pgp
Now that the 250 GB PlayStation 3 slim has hit store shelves , it was only a matter of time before we began to see the premium unit bundled with some extra goodies , such as an anticipated title .
Following the footsteps of Uncharted 2 : Among
Thieves , Namco - Bandai has jumped onto the PS3 slim ship with a new PS3 bundle .
As seen in the image above , an official Tekken 6 PS3 bundle is set to hit European shores when Tekken 6 releases this holiday season .
Most likely , the bundle will cost Europeans €349 complete with a 250 GB PS3 slim and Tekken 6 included in the box .
Keep up with PlayStation LifeStyle for news on Tekken 6 and everything PlayStation .
[ Source ]
As MPs now claim up to £ 24,222 each year for their second home , some appeared to go on spending sprees at the end of the financial year to " use up " what they had not claimed .
The first batch of four chapters is ready for public consumption .
I think we all assumed it was some kind of geeky joke , when Roomba - maker iRobot and Pentagon wacky research arm Darpa announced in the summer of 2008 they were going to work on soft , shape - shifting robots together .
Now , a little more than a year later , we see a blob - bot taken its first gooey , lurching steps foward .
IEEE Spectrum has the video - and much more .
Jews have no history in the city of Jerusalem :
They have never lived there , the Temple never existed , and Israeli archaeologists have admitted as much .
Those who deny this are simply liars .
Or so says Sheik Tayseer Rajab Tamimi , chief Islamic judge of the Palestinian Authority .
His claims , made last month , would be laughable if they were n't so common among Palestinians .
Sheik Tamimi is only the latest to insist that , in his words , Jerusalem is solely " an Arab and Islamic city ...
「 Gladinet Cloud Desktop Starter Edition 」 v1.1.139.4045
「 Gladinet Cloud Desktop Starter Edition 」は、オンライン上の各種サーバー、サービスのストレージをエクスプローラから直接利用可能にするソフト。32ビット版および64ビット版のWindowsに対応するフリーソフトで、編集部にて32ビット版のWindows Vistaで動作を確認した。作者のWebサイトからダウンロードできる。
本ソフトは、各種オンラインストレージを仮想フォルダとして“マウント”できるタスクトレイ常駐型ソフト。エクスプローラ内に本ソフト専用の仮想ドライブを作成し、さらにその中に各種ファイルサーバーやオンラインストレージ上のファイルを管理するための仮想フォルダを作成できる。わざわざクライアントソフトやWebブラウザーを利用しなくても、エクスプローラの操作だけでファイルのアップロードやダウンロードといった作業が完結するので非常に手軽で便利だ。
対応するのはFTPサーバーやWebDAVサーバーといったファイルサーバー、各種オンラインストレージサービスなど。とくに、無償ながら容量が25GBもある“ Windows Live SkyDrive ” などの大容量オンラインストレージをエクスプローラから手軽に扱えるようになるのは魅力的。また、写真共有サービス“ Picasa ” にも対応しており、写真をドラッグ＆ドロップでアップロードできるほか、実験的ではあるが、ドキュメント共有サービス“ Google Docs ” にも対応しているのが面白い 。
本ソフトはローカル上でプロキシーサーバーとして動作し、サーバーへの接続を仲介する一方で、プロトコルやWebサービスのAPIの違いを吸収する仕組みだが、難しいネットワークの設定は一切必要がない。
また、オンラインストレージの登録も簡単で、エクスプローラ上に作成された仮想ドライブ内にある、各種オンラインストレージを簡単にマウントするためのショートカットを利用するだけ。マウントしたいオンラインストレージサービスのショートカットを開き、IDやパスワードといったアカウント情報を入力すれば、サービスと連携する仮想フォルダが作成され、しばらくすると利用可能になる。
仮想フォルダにはサーバー上のフォルダやファイルが表示され、PC上のファイル・フォルダと同じように、移動・コピー・削除などが可能。ファイルを開く際、初回利用時はファイルをダウンロードする必要があり利用まで時間がかかるが、2回目からはローカルPC上にファイルがキャッシュされるので、通常のファイルと大差ない時間で開ける上、ファイルのアップロードもバックグラウンドで自動実行されるので意識する必要がない。
ファイルの状態をアイコンで識別可能
なお、本ソフトではファイルの状態をアイコンで示す仕組みになっている。たとえば、矢印のアイコンがついたファイルはアップロード作業中、雲のアイコンがついたファイルはオンライン上にのみ存在するファイルであることを表す。何もアイコンのないファイルはすでに同期済みで、Web上にもローカル上にも存在するファイルを示している。
そのほか、価格59.99米ドルの上位版「 Gladinet Cloud Desktop Professional」に搭載されている機能も30日間試用可能。上位版では「 Gladinet Cloud Desktop Starter Edition」の機能に加え、バックグラウンドで行われているファイル転送作業をコントロールできる“ TaskManager ”機能や、80番ポートを利用せずIIS/ApatcheといったWebサーバーと共存可能にする機能などを利用することができる。
Developing applications for Apple's ( NASDAQ : AAPL ) iPhone is big business , and it's one that Novell ( NASDAQ : NOVL ) wants a piece of .
Novell today released new software called MonoTouch that aims to bring .NET applications to the iPhone .
MonoTouch is based on Novell 's Mono project , which is an open source implementation of Microsoft 's .NET framework .
Unlike Mono , MonoTouch is neither free nor open source and is being sold as a commercial product by Novell .
With MonoTouch , Novell is expanding the developer base for iPhone applications beyond just C to include .NET and its millions of global developers .
Miguel de Icaza , vice president for developer platforms at Novell , explained that MonoTouch is built from the same source code base as Mono , but there are some differences .
" Mono is a traditional .NET implementation with a just - in - time ( JIT ) compiler , " De Icaza told InternetNews.com .
" The iPhone has both a legal and technical limitation for interpreters in general , so we had to modify it . "
He added that MonoTouch includes a static compiler , which means that there are some dynamic things that developers are used to doing with .NET that they wo n't be able to do with MonoTouch .
In particular , he noted that the add - on IronPython and IronRuby languages do not currently work with MonoTouch .
De Icaza added that there is no magic porting tool for traditional .NET applications to run on MonoTouch for the iPhone .
The reason is due to the dynamic compiler issues , which can affect software libraries .
The 1.0 launch of MonoTouch follows a relatively rapid development cycle from De Icaza and his team .
He said the first MonoTouch prototype was completed in early May , and the limited beta program opened up in August .
According to De Icaza , there were 600 people in the beta program .
With 1.0 now available , the plan is to continue to evolve MonoTouch and add new features over time .
Among the features for the MonoTouch 2.0 roadmap is support for Microsoft 's Silverlight media framework .
Novell has an effort known as Moonlight that provides an open source implementation .
Why Not Open Source ?
" MonoTouch is not an open source effort , although the foundation with Mono is , " De Icaza said .
He added that many of the pieces that are necessary for MonoTouch are not open source .
Among those pieces are all the API bindings to the Apple platform .
Novell has been working on Mono since 2004 as an open source implementation of the .NET framework .
The most recent release is Mono 2.4 , which provides performance improvements .
" MonoTouch is proprietary and I do n't feel guilty about that , " De Icaza said .
" Mono is open source , but on the iPhone we felt that it 's a proprietary platform , a very locked down platform and we felt if you 're targeting that platform , we might as well make it proprietary as well . "
The very rich are different from you and me ...
... they often do n't vote .
Every cycle it seems there is a new crop of wealthy political newcomers who turn out to have a spotty record when it comes to showing up to vote .
Among the more egregious this year is Meg Whitman , the former eBay CEO who is running for the GOP nomination in the California gubernatorial race .
Whitman , 53 , apparently did n't vote until 2002 , when she was well into middle - age , according to a report in the Sacramento Bee .
In other words , she did n't particpate in the most basic act of citizenship for most of her adult life .
Naturally , Whitman 's GOP opponent , Steve Poizner , is having a field day with the report , reminding Republicans that in failing to show up at the polls she did n't vote for such party giants as Ronald Reagan .
In a statement , Whitman did n't challenge the report and took responsibility for her failure to vote -- before changing the subject to , of course , her opponent .
" I have repeatedly said that my voting record is inexcusable , " Whitman said .
" I failed to register and vote on numerous occasions throughout my life .
That is simply wrong and I have taken responsibility for my mistake . "
The pivot ...
" California needs leaders who are accountable for their actions .
I take responsibility for mine , while my opponent , Steve Poizner , runs from his .
On everything from his position on taxes to his political contributions , Steve hides behind others or misrepresents himself . "
Further , Whitman aides point out that Poizner himself , another rich former business type , has a less than impressive voting record .
Poizner has missed nearly 1 in 4 ( 23 % ) of all votes since 1992 , according to Whitman oppo .
American Photo Fashion Special Issue Photo Gallery
Something that nobody can deny is the close relation between Fashion and Photography .
So it ’s not surprising that a well know specialized magazine like AMERICAN PHOTO dedicates a special issue to that topic .
As David Schonauer , the Editor in Chief points out the history of fashion and photography are intertwined in a particular of art and commerce .
We all know that Fashion photography ( as it is on the shows and videos ) it ’s about t create a fiction , but as Schonauer writes .. “ but like great literature , this type of fiction can give us a glimpse of the real world we might otherwise not notice ”
However , knowing that close relation , usually Fashion Photography was considered as disposable , despite the great creations that were published in Magazines like those works of Lillian Bassman ( photos 2 to 6 ) , and others .
That has been changin lately .
Today , the demand of this type of photo has increased in the big auctions of fine art , and recently , on - line Fashion Photography galleries , like http://www.photographerslimitededitions.com/index.html will make this type of images available to a great public , even those that have never been in a gallery …
Great creators and photographers like Mario Testino , Patrick Demarchelier , Inez Van Lamsweerde , Vinoodh Matadin , Nigel Barker etc etc. linked usually with names as Doutzen Kroes , Catherine McNeill , Agyness Deyn ( considered as the Top Models for 2008 ) , are or will be related also to the fine arts ..
Of course , as happens in literature ( and in any art field , but I ’m referring to Schonauers ’s analogy ) , still will be masters and average photographers .
It ’s very common to see in Fashion Magazines and advertising the typical boring photographer that only takes front photos with a ring flash from a over make up model who has to carry 90 % of the work ( or sometimes , not even that ) , with a photo retouching to enhance some characteristics and erase mistakes .
But among that average works , usually you will find one or several photos that will call your attention , due to their beauty and concept .
On those cases , try to get the name of the photographer and save it , and be sure that when looking for the works of this person , you will never be disappointed .
AMERICAN PHOTO
Fashion special issue it ’s now in the stands , I would suggest you to find it .
You will find more fine works there , as well as some very interesting concepts .
And also I suggest you to keep an eye on the Photo Magazines in general .
Most of them have galleries and portfolios of photographers that work or have work into the fashion world .
And most probably , you will see how the tendency of this rich area of Fashion Photography and Video will be , which is a very important part of Le monde de la mode .
Ultimately , I do recommend you to read .. whatever … just read … that will make you a better person , hehehe
Unemployment and charity requests soar in Australia
By Chris Johnson
1 September 2009
Applications for unemployment benefits and requests for emergency financial aid , accommodation and food parcels are rising much faster in Australia ’s working class areas than the official jobless statistics indicate .
Two sets of data released a fortnight ago point to a mounting economic and social toll being imposed on working people , belying claims of a budding recovery being pushed by the media and Prime Minister Kevin Rudd ’s government .
Nationally , the number of people claiming unemployment benefits jumped to 427,537 in July , up by 50.6 percent from last September , when the global financial crisis erupted .
The increase was well above the 36.1 percent rise in the official jobless rate from 4.3 percent to 5.8 percent .
Far from the rate of claims slowing , it has accelerated .
Last month alone , an extra 22,000 people started receiving the Newstart or Youth Allowance , about twice the average rise for the 12 months since July 2008 .
For the same month , July 2009 , the official Australian Bureau of Statistics ( ABS ) survey registered no change in the official unemployment rate .
The figures from Centrelink , the government agency that handles benefit claims , provide a truer picture because budget cuts have restricted the ABS to conducting surveys of only 23,000 households .
In addition , the ABS does not count people as unemployed if they worked more than an hour a week .
The Centrelink statistics , however , also seriously understate the true level of joblessness because they do not include those who lost their jobs but are not eligible for benefits — for example , if they received redundancy payments or their spouse worked .
Major working class areas , as well as those dependent on mining and tourism , suffered the largest rises .
In Queensland , the number of people receiving benefits jumped by 88 percent .
A breakdown of the records at each Centrelink office showed that in the year to July , the numbers doubled or more in that state ’s regional coastal cities , including Cairns , Mackay and Gladstone , as well as in the suburbs of the capital Brisbane and the Gold Coast - Sunshine Coast strip north and south of Brisbane .
Across Brisbane , Caboolture , on the northern outskirts , had 3,126 recipients , up 111.2 percent ; Beenleigh , to the south , had 2,622 , up 105.6 percent ; Inala , to the west , 2,024 , up 115.5 percent , and Woodridge , to the south - west , 2,478 , up 85.1 percent .
In Western Australia , which is heavily dependent on mining , the total rose 84 percent .
Some of the sharpest rises were in regional towns like Busselton , up 225.7 percent to 785 .
North of the state capital Perth , Joondalup had 2,278 , up 125.3 percent ; while Mandurah and Rockingham , to the south , had 1,855 and 2,299 respectively , up 108.9 percent and 99.7 percent .
In Sydney , the numbers more than doubled in several mixed working class - middle class suburbs , including Hornsby , Chatswood , Northern Beaches and Ryde .
In the working class western suburbs , the rises ranged from 37.8 percent ( Mount Druitt ) to 77.6 percent ( Parramatta ) , from far higher starting points .
Liverpool had the biggest total in the country , 4,727 , a rise of 52.8 percent .
Throughout the working class suburbs of Melbourne , the percentage increases over the past year ranged from 34.0 percent , in the outer western suburb of Sunshine , which had 3,028 people receiving benefits , to 89.1 percent in the outer eastern suburb of Ringwood , which had 2,192 recipients .
Areas with manufacturing , construction and service sector concentrations had the four biggest totals : 4,190 in the northern suburb of Broadmeadows , 3,572 in Werribee in the far west , 3,097 in the southern suburb of Frankston and 2,909 in Dandenong , in the south - east .
Alongside the wholesale destruction of jobs , there has been a wider cutting of working hours , with a drop of nearly 3 percent in the past year , or the equivalent of about 300,000 jobs .
( See : “ Australian jobless statistics reveal deep cuts to hours ” ) .
The resulting sharp cuts to incomes have led to an increase of up to 50 percent in the number of people asking charities for help , including emergency cash to pay bills , crisis housing and food packages .
According to a report , “ Impact of the economic downturn on not - for - profit organisation management , ” produced for the Australian government by the Centre for Corporate Public Affairs , 65 percent of the organisations reported increased demand for services in 2008 - 09 , and 83 percent expected higher demand in 2009 - 10 .
When asked to quantify the 2008 - 09 increase , a third of the charities reported a rise of up to 15 percent , a third said it was between 15 and 20 percent , and a final third gave a range of 20 to 50 percent .
Despite the rhetoric of recovery , nearly 95 percent agreed ( nearly 1/3 ) , or strongly agreed ( nearly 2/3 ) with the proposition that , “ More people will be needing my organisation ’s services in the next year or two . ”
At the same time , however , 77 percent of the charities reported that they had been forced to reduce costs — and themselves shed jobs and cut staff hours — because of a fall in corporate donations , and inadequate and unreliable government funding .
Due to the economic downturn , 84 percent reported increased competition for funds , and half said funding from corporations had decreased .
Most charities ( 58 percent ) said they were not cutting their services , but 35 percent reported that they were .
One respondent commented : “ We rely on the generosity of corporate sponsors and this is rapidly evaporating . ”
There were numerous complaints that governments had not filled the gap , illustrated by the following remarks :
“ All of our current state and federal government funding is one - off for specific projects and programs .
Local government provides a small amount of ongoing funding .
This funding could be under threat as the economic downturn bites in the area due to job losses in the region .
Government funding is insecure with budget cuts . ”
Although the report was handed to Housing , Families and Community Services Minister Jenny Macklin in June , it was buried by the government and the media .
When an article appeared in the Melbourne Age last month , Macklin feigned concern , saying the report highlighted the pressure placed on charities as “ more people come knocking at the door for help ” .
In an earlier media release , Macklin declared that the Rudd government had provided an 80 percent increase to emergency relief funding , taking the total to more than $ 120 million over the next two years .
This , she claimed , would give a funding boost to “ more than 700 non-profit organisations across Australia ” and help “ an estimated one million Australians next year ” .
But these sums fall far short of the urgent requests made by the charities .
Earlier this year , for example , the welfare umbrella agency , the Australian Council of Social Services ( ACOSS ) called for nearly $ 1 billion in the period to 2011 to help the long - term unemployed .
The Labor government ’s cynical response is firstly driven by budget - cutting to overcome the massive deficits produced by the recession and the multi-billion dollar stimulus handouts , which have overwhelmingly gone to the corporate sector .
Beyond that , the government calculates that unemployment and poverty will coerce working people into accepting work on substantially lower pay and conditions .
While handing billions to the banks and big business to shore up their profits in the wake of the global meltdown caused by financial markets , the Rudd government has been equally intent on forcing the working class to bear the social cost of the breakdown , and to exploit the crisis to drive through far - reaching attacks on living and working conditions .
Experts believe the following love letter to be approximately 100 years old .
If you have some time to kill , I ’d suggest attempting to solve the code yourself before looking at the transcript .
The idea ’s simple : each image represents a piece of text , e.g. ☼day would translate as Sunday .
Good luck .
Slightly larger photo here .
More info here .
Transcript ( Approximate Translation )
My Dearest Fanny , I am writing these few lines to tell you that I cannot live any longer without you .
I worship you always .
I think you are a beauty and the nicest girl I ever saw and I adore you .
Oh exquisite Fanny , do not despise me for loving you so well .
I shall be broken - hearted if you desert me .
Can you meet me on Monday night , when I will take you to the Star Music Hall .
I hate that Bill Robinson , who is hanging after you and I intend to horsewhip him when I see him .
I shall be delighted to hear from you at once .
Do not let my suit be fruitless .
Reply by next post to Your loving William Weightman
Inside Bill Moorier 's head - an interactive MRI brain scan explorer
In September 2009 my doctor recommended an MRI to rule - out a couple of potential conditions .
The scan came back completely normal , which was a great relief !
I decided to do something with the images , and spent a fun weekend writing this MRI explorer .
I hope you enjoy playing with it !
Follow me on twitter for more stuff like this .
© 2009 Bill Moorier
( CNN ) --
It 's a good thing he did n't go with " @andrew . "
Drew Olanoff wants to benefit the LiveStrong charity because of the support the foundation has given him .
Drew Olanoff , cancer - fighter and blogger , is auctioning off his enviable Twitter username " @drew " to benefit the LiveStrong foundation .
Its value has already been raised to $ 1 million , thanks to that other Drew -- last name Carey .
" I thought we would find a Drew who would bid $ 10,000 on the last day and that was it , " Olanoff said .
" I certainly did n't think Drew Carey would get wind of it . "
Get wind he did .
After watching his favorite soccer team , the Seattle Sounders , win on October 3 , the Cleveland comedian turned to Twitter to share his elation and saw that Olanoff was auctioning off his " @drew " moniker .
Full of good vibes , Carey immediately put in a bid .
" I thought it was so much fun , that I bid $ 25,000 , " Carey told CNN .
" I was in such a good mood that I raised it to $ 100,000 . "
Olanoff was taken back by Carey 's generosity at the time -- especially considering they 'd never " met " until Tuesday , when he sat down with Carey via Skype on CNN.com -- but Carey was n't done bidding just yet .
Watch the two Drews meet over Skype »
In the middle of an interview last week with CBS ( the corporation writing Carey 's checks , as he's the host of the network 's " The Price is Right " ) , he upped the ante from $ 100,000 to a cool $ 1 million if he gets the same amount of followers by midnight on December 31 .
Yes , you read that correctly -- Drew Carey plans to give away a million dollars to LiveStrong , if he gets a million Twitter followers by the end of the year .
" It was just one of those things that you felt compelled in the moment to do something , " Carey , who said that he's had loved ones go through cancer treatments , explained .
" I did n't talk to my agents about it or my account or anything .
I thought , well , I could afford it , and it's a really good cause .
I was really intrigued with all these people all over the Twitterverse to retweet things and follow , and raise a million bucks . "
Judging by how quickly the follower count increases every time his @ DrewFromTV Twitter page is refreshed -- on Tuesday evening , he had over 76,000 followers --
Carey is well on his way to doing so .
Of course , if he does n't reach a million followers , the donation will be prorated :
If there are 500,000 followers when the clock strikes midnight , then $ 500,000 will be given to LiveStrong .
" It 's going to be tough getting a million by the end of the year , and I 'm worried I 'm not going to make it , " Carey admitted during his Skype interview .
" If it 's going the rate that it 's going , it 's going to come up short . "
Nevertheless , Carey has become a faithful believer in the power of charity via Twitter .
" I 'm going to do another version of this next year in a bigger , better way , " he said .
It may seem Carey is in some sort of popularity game , but it 's not about getting millions of followers or the Twitter name , Olanoff said .
" There are obviously going to be skeptics , but Drew Carey is new to Twitter .
Celebrities can get followers ; Ashton Kutcher has 3 million , " Olanoff told CNN .
" What he 's saying is , ' Follow me ; you 're worth a dollar , and it 's going to LiveStrong . ' "
This is n't the first time Olanoff 's stirred up the " Twitter - verse . "
From the minute he was diagnosed with Hodgkin 's disease in late May , he turned to Twitter to air his frustrations .
" I'm a very public person , I 'm a geek , and I 've been on Twitter for years , " Olanoff said .
" I realized this is serious , and I started to blame things on my cancer .
I 'm not a whiny person and I did n't want to get negative [ so the site ] it was a nice way for me to focus all of my anger and being upset and worrying . "
With the help of a friend who 's also suffered from Hodgkin 's disease , Olanoff set up BlameDrewsCancer.com , where tweeters can blame his cancer for any and everything that 's gone wrong , in 140 characters or less .
Lance Armstrong , LiveStrong 's founder , blamed a broken collarbone on it , while Alyssa Milano found Drew 's cancer to be at fault for her inability to resist chocolate drizzled popcorn ; she then tweeted an offer to help out Drew 's cancer awareness campaign in whatever way she could .
Famous or not , Olanoff found comfort in those tweets .
" When I would go through my chemo treatments every two weeks , for me it felt like I had a huge support group , because when you 're diagnosed with [ cancer ] you can feel alone , " he said .
As a result , Olanoff has decided to keep blaming cancer even though signs are pointing towards improved health ; his last chemo treatment is November 2 .
Until midnight on November 9 , his 30th birthday , Olanoff 's resolved to round up as many @ DrewFromTV followers as he can , and maybe accept Carey 's invitation to meet up when Olanoff is back in Los Angeles .
For now , Olanoff is resting up and tossing around new Twitter names .
One in the running is @ The OtherDrew , but no word on how much that one could go for .
All About Drew Carey • Cancer • Twitter Inc .
Alison Knott was on holiday with her husband when she died
A teaching assistant from Lancashire plunged to her death while walking in mountains in Austria , the Foreign Office has confirmed .
Alison Knott , 42 , from Thornton , was on holiday in the Tyrol region with her husband , Kevin , 43 , when she fell .
Keith Berry , head teacher at Park School in Blackpool , where she worked , said : " Her tragic and untimely death will leave a huge hole . "
The Foreign Office said it understood the accident happened on Wednesday .
' Real extrovert '
A spokesman for the Foreign Office added : " We are able to confirm the death of British national , Alison Knott , in the Tyrol province of Austria . "
Mrs Knott had worked at the school for 16 years and was planning to become a teacher and " had everything to look forward to " , said Mr Berry .
He added : " This is absolutely tragic news and our thoughts are with Kevin , her husband , at this very sad time .
" Alison was a larger - than - life character , the life and soul of the staff room , a real extrovert . "
The Foreign Office said it was providing consular assistance to her husband .
If you thought a night in a hotel room meant either pizza delivery or overpriced room service , think again .
In this video , British comedian George Egg demonstrates some hotel survival tips for cooking an impressive meal in your room .
Advertisement
According to Egg , all you need is " two pounds worth of ingredients , a bit of ingenuity , and a can - do attitude . "
The ensuing cooking demonstration is both absurd and awesome .
That 's some clever cooking , Egg . Thanks Kathryn !
Cooking in Your Hotel Room - Foodie Flicks [ Slashfood ]
Oct. 16 , 2009  -- President Barack Obama
Thursday night called out his critics in Congress for blasting Democratic attempts to overhaul health care without proposing solutions of their own .
" What I reject is when some folks sit on the sidelines and root for failure , " he said at a fundraiser in San Francisco where he was joined by Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi .
" I 'm busy , " he told the crowd .
" Nancy 's busy with her mop cleaning up somebody else 's mess .
We do n't want somebody sitting back saying you 're not holding the mop the right way .
" Why do n't you grab a mop ?
Why do n't you help clean up ?
" You 're not mopping fast enough , " the president said , imitating his critics ' comments .
" That 's a socialist mop .
" Grab a mop ! " he demanded .
" Let 's get to work . "
Earlier in the event , in keeping with the housecleaning theme of his remarks , the president quoted Abraham Lincoln to describe the situation he inherited in January .
" It 's a pretty mess you got me into , but I forgive you , " he told his California supporters .
" That 's how I feel about you .
You 're all forgiven . "
Picking up on similar fiery comments he made at an event earlier in the day in New Orleans , the president warned his critics that despite the difficulties of his first nine months in office , he still has a lot of gas left in the tank .
" I want everybody to know who 's standing in the way of progress , I 'm not tired .
I 'm just getting started .
You can throw whatever you want at me .
Keep it coming .
Obama : Battle for Health Overhaul Heating Up
In the coming weeks , the president predicted that the battle over health care is only going to heat up .
He echoed a familiar refrain that the country is closer than ever to passing legislation and noted that five bills have been passed by various congressional committees .
" We 're going to be going at it , " he said .
" There are going to be some fierce arguments over the next couple of weeks about health care .
There should be .
This is big , " the president said .
" But understand that the bill that you least like of the five bills that got passed would all provide millions of people who do n't have coverage coverage , would all prevent insurance companies from barring you from getting health insurance because of pre-existing conditions , would all set up an exchange for small businesses to compete and get the same deal that big businesses do for their employees , would all provide subsidies to people who have health insurance and give them a measure of security - all of them . "
A Democratic source said the event was expected to raise $ 3 million .
The sold - out event featured a dinner for $ 30,400 per couple , expected to attract 160 people .
A reception with tickets priced between $ 500 and $ 1000 was expected to attract about 900 people .
Following Pelosi 's introduction , the president joked about the California lawmaker , " Every day , she is subjected to constant criticism and griping ; and then there 's the other party ... "
Obama : Battle for Health Overhaul Heating Up
In the coming weeks , the president predicted that the battle over health care is only going to heat up .
He echoed a familiar refrain that the country is closer than ever to passing legislation and noted that five bills have been passed by various congressional committees .
" We 're going to be going at it , " he said .
" There are going to be some fierce arguments over the next couple of weeks about health care .
There should be .
This is big , " the president said .
" But understand that the bill that you least like of the five bills that got passed would all provide millions of people who do n't have coverage coverage , would all prevent insurance companies from barring you from getting health insurance because of pre-existing conditions , would all set up an exchange for small businesses to compete and get the same deal that big businesses do for their employees , would all provide subsidies to people who have health insurance and give them a measure of security - all of them . "
A Democratic source said the event was expected to raise $ 3 million .
The sold - out event featured a dinner for $ 30,400 per couple , expected to attract 160 people .
A reception with tickets priced between $ 500 and $ 1000 was expected to attract about 900 people .
Following Pelosi 's introduction , the president joked about the California lawmaker , " Every day , she is subjected to constant criticism and griping ; and then there 's the other party ... "
If you have been arrested for a traffic violation or DUI in Arizona , now is the time to explore your legal options .
Why is a lawyer so important for these charges ?
Your insurance rates will rise , your license could be suspended and your employment could be at risk if you pay the ticket .
You will also have to carry the stigma of a permanent criminal record .
The Law Office of Karl A. Mueller , PLC , can fight to minimize the potential consequences .
A modder 's fund drive to call Gabe Newell 's joke bluff , and fly the Valve boss plus a producer to Australia to preview his Left 4 Dead campaign , has surpassed $ 3,000 in less than a week .
Pack your bags , Mr. Newell .
Advertisement
The backstory : Joe W - A of Brisbane is a serious modder , working on this custom Left 4 Dead campaign , " Shotgun Sunrise . "
He 's also pals with Newell .
So Joe jokingly feigned disappointment that Newell did n't fly him up to Valve HQ to preview Left 4 Dead 2 , which Valve did earlier for the leaders of the L4D2 boycott movement .
Newell 's joking reply was a " boycott " of Joe 's campaign , and then the demand that Joe fly him and producer Erik Johnson to Australia if he wanted them to preview it .
Advertisement
Somehow , this premise netted more than $ 3,000 in donations through Saturday , when Joe announced the drive had breached its target .
While he 's offered to return donations should any of this be called off , the sum now is so serious that " I 'm assuming you do n't want refunds , and the money will go to either Gabe and Erik 's flights or [ the charity ] Child 's Play . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
When he got about $ 500 in on the first day , Joe emailed Newell to ask for a price quote .
Newell replied with a $ 1,211 figure on Qantas , connecting through L.A. " So Erik and I are n't too much in danger , " Newell said .
Not so fast , my friend .
So the ball is in Valve 's court here .
Whatever happens , we 've all had a great laugh - some of Valve 's employees even donated to the cause .
And whether it ends with pictures of Gabe Newell and Erik Johnson in a 19 - year - old modder 's home across the Pacific Ocean , playing Left 4 Dead , or a handsome donation to a worthy cause , we can stamp " win " all over this .
Advertisement
Just Waiting on Gabe and Erik's Responses [ Fly Gabe Newell ]
When patients visit a physician or hospital , they know that anyone involved in providing their health care can lawfully see their medical records .
But unknown to patients , an increasing number of outside vendors that manage electronic health records also have access to that data , and are reselling the information as a commodity .
The revelation comes in a recent New York Times article about how so - called “ scrubbed ” patient data is n’t as anonymous as people think .
The piece focuses primarily on how anonymized data can be cross - bred with other publicly available databases , such as voting records , which subverts the anonymity .
Buried near the end of the article is the news that medical data is collected , anonymized and sold , not by insurance agencies and health care providers , but by third - party vendors who provide medical - record storage in the cloud .
Electronic health record ( EHR ) services have been a growing industry in the last few years , according to Sue Reber , marketing director of the Certification Commission for Health Information Technology .
Reber says most vendors used to simply sell software packages ; once the product was sold , the vendor had no connection to the data stored in it .
But an increasing number of companies have begun to offer web - based software - management applications that include database storage controlled and managed by the vendor .
Reber told Threat Level that such products generally come with security and privacy provisions that prevent the software provider from having access to the data , even though they ’re managing it .
But others say this is n’t always the case .
As part of their contracts with the vendors , doctors are agreeing to let some vendors access and collect the patient data , scrub it of personally identifying information , and sell it in bulk to pharmaceutical companies and other buyers , the Times reports .
George Hill , an analyst at Leerink Swann , a health care investment bank , told the Times that the market for health record systems is $ 8 billion to $ 10 billion annually .
About 5 percent of this income comes not from the sale of information systems but from the sale of data and analysis .
As more physicians and hospitals — spurred by federal incentives — switch to electronic recordkeeping , revenue from the sale of health data could grow to $ 5 billion , Hill said .
In some case , the vendor contract specifies that the vendor has exclusive access to the health records in its database , according to Dr. Paul Tang , vice president and chief medical information officer of the Palo Alto Medical Foundation , and member of a federal privacy advisory panel .
Tang told ModernHealthCare in 2007 that he ’d seen such contracts from large and small vendors .
“ Some [ vendors ] say they have ownership to data .
There are contracts that say they will have real - time access to the database , that they will have exclusive access to the data , that they can resell the data .
I think it would be unlawful that covered entities abide by that . ”
Giving vendors access to such data would apparently violate the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ( HIPAA ) , which prohibits doctors from providing medical records to anyone not involved in providing health care or payment for health care or involved in health care research .
Although the law does provide a loophole for “ business associates ” hired by health care providers , privacy rights lawyer Robert Gellman told ModernHealthCare that this likely would n’t protect health care providers in these cases .
“ Any contract that deals with ownership of medical data is pretty meaningless , because laws and medical ethics control the rights and responsibilities of medical records , ” Gellman said .
“ Whoever holds the records as a covered entity has certain obligations and limits under law , regardless of how the contracts are written .
As long as a doctor is covered by HIPAA , those rules for disclosure hold .
If a doctor signs an agreement like that , the doctor has certainly violated HIPAA , and may be pursued by OCR and may be sued by the patient for all kinds of things . ”
Vendors say they re-sell the data for research purposes and scrub it of identifying information first to protect patient privacy .
But in 1997 , Latanya Sweeney , director of the Data Privacy Lab at Carnegie Mellon University , showed how she was able to pick out the medical records of William Weld ( then the governor of Massachusetts ) from scrubbed medical information published by the state ’s insurance commission by simply correlating the anonymized data with birthdays , ZIP codes and gender information published in the state ’s voter - registration rolls .
According to Sweeney , 87 percent of the U.S. population can be uniquely identified simply from their birthdate , gender and zip code .
Patient advocate groups have called for greater oversight and regulation of the electronic health - record industry to control what software vendors can access and what they can do with the data .
Image showing who has legal access to medical records courtesy of PatientPrivacyRights.org .
Bring Your Questions for Buzz Aldrin
On Saturday , Buzz Aldrin became the first astronaut to accept an Emmy award .
He was also the second person to set foot on the moon .
On July 20 , 1969 , Aldrin , along with Neil Armstrong , spent 21 hours on the lunar surface while some 600 million people watched from Earth .
He later had an asteroid and a crater named after him .
Since retiring from the Air Force and NASA , Aldrin designed the Aldrin Mars Cycler , a “ subway in the sky , ” and received three patents , including one for multi-crew space modules .
He founded Starcraft Boosters , Inc. , a rocket design company , and the nonprofit ShareSpace Foundation , devoted to space education programs and advocacy .
In addition to several children ’s books and other works of fiction and non-fiction , he recently published his autobiography , Magnificent Desolation .
And he has recorded a rap single , “ Rocket Experience , ” with Snoop Dogg .
Before working for NASA , Aldrin received a Distinguished Flying Cross from the Air Force and earned a doctorate in astronautics at MIT .
His mother ’s maiden name was … yes : Moon .
How aptonymic of her .
Aldrin has agreed to take your questions — about NASA , walking on the moon , the value to society of space exploration , or anything else you can conjure — so ask away in the comments section below .
As with all Q&A ’s , we will post his answers here in a few days .
Its really sad that Steve McNair has gotten zero media attention after he was tragically shot to death in a apartment on July 4th .
McNair was a brilliant QB and a great man .
We need to get this to the front page of reddit so that this star gets the credit he deserves .
by : Richard Justice
McNair ’s legacy was toughness , kindness and excellence
There was the time Steve McNair underwent surgery to repair a broken chest bone .
Doctors inserted wire to help the bone heal .
Under no circumstances was McNair to play that week .
But then Neil O’Donnell got hurt , and McNair did what he always did .
He answered the bell for his teammates and his franchise and his coaches and all the people that cared about the Tennessee Titans .
Later , the Pittsburgh Steelers would tell of hitting McNair and hearing him wheeze , hearing him wheeze through the wire , hearing him groan and then watching him get up and run another play .
McNair was in unimaginable pain that afternoon , and yet he would n’t come out of the game .
He led the Titans to a victory , and that was about the time he ’d talked to Jeff Fisher about quitting football because he was tired of being booed , tired of being the guy that was never quite good enough .
He got huge cheers that following week after fans learned what he ’d endured to beat the Steelers , and that was pretty much the end of people questioning Steve McNair about anything .
He would be the NFL ’s Co-MVP within a year , and got the Titans within about two inches of winning a Super Bowl .
Back when the Oilers were evaluating him before the draft , there were questions about whether a kid that had run the shotgun at Alcorn State could play quarterback in the NFL .
Unspoken , of course , was whether a black kid from the SWAC was smart enough to be a winning quarterback in the NFL .
Yes , it was still a white boy ’s position at that time .
The Oilers talked to McNair ’s coaches and to his teammates , and the more they heard about him , the more they were impressed .
A psychiatrist that evaluated him confirmed that everything the Oilers thought they knew about McNair as a leader was absolutely correct .
As for intelligence , the Oilers gave him basic football tests and discovered he was a brilliant , instinctive football player .
Back when the Oilers were still our team , they brought in Chris Chandler to play quarterback while Jerry Rhome tutored McNair .
At some point in that season , Mark Stepnoski was the first to say what plenty of others were saying privately .
He wanted McNair on the field and he wanted him immediately .
It was n’t just the ability .
Everyone could see that Steve McNair had great ability .
It was something more than that .
It was the way he carried himself , the way he interacted with teammates , the way he was respected .
He was that way with kids .
He had a charitable heart , was one of those people that if you needed him for something , he would be there with a smile and a handshake .
He was a private person in a very public business , but he always seemed comfortable .
Quarterbacks are different .
From the earliest age , they ’re the ones of whom the most is expected .
They ’re usually the toughest guys on the field , and sometimes the smartest .
They ’re the ones willing to accept the blame when things go back and deflect the credit when things go well .
They ’re the leaders in the locker room , but they also represent management in the community .
There ’s no position in sports like it .
The really good ones , the Steve McNairs and Peyton Mannings and Tom Bradys , play this role effortlessly .
They ’re the ones that own the room when they walk in .
They do n’t do it with words , but with a confidence and a presence everyone can see .
Steve McNair was like that .
He was quiet and he was tough as nails .
He cared about his teammates .
He was a farm boy at heart .
While his teammates lifted weights , McNair bailed hay on his farm .
In those first years with the Oilers , he got a call from an Alcorn teammate telling about a Houston teen that was in trouble , that seemed about to be swallowed up by gangs and drugs .
Would Steve spend some time with this kid , try to convince him he was headed down a bad road ?
Steve did that , and he and Vince Young became lifelong friends .
Last fall when Vince quit on his team , it was McNair that came back and talked again .
Listen , I do n’t know what happened to Steve McNair .
I do n’t know what happened or why .
I just know that all of his live our lives in layers , that it ’s hard to evaluate a living , breathing human with a single brush .
I just know that Steve McNair was one of those special people , that he cared about people and performed brilliantly .
I just know that he touched a lot of people in the right way , and today their hearts are breaking .
Courtesy of http://blogs.chron.com/sportsjustice/archives/2009/07/mcnairs_legacy.html
Internationally renowned film director Roman Polanski has been arrested in Zurich yesterday night on an arrest order dating back to 1978 , when Roman Polanski was indicted and convicted for rape of a minor .
Polanski was supposed to be guest at the Zurich Film Festival tonight where he would have received the lifetime achievement award “ Golden Eye ” .
Update will follow as available .
: : : : : : : : : :
Several types of motorcycles can be called ‘ trackers . ’
The original is the board tracker , named after the machines that raced on board tracks in the USA in the 1910s and 1920s .
In the 1930s , as the board tracks faded away , flat track racers appeared : street bikes modified to race on dirt or clay ovals .
Past icons include the Harley - Davidson XR - 750 , but others include flat trackers from BSA , Norton and Triumph .
This style is still popular today , with interest spurred by an intense rivalry between Harley - Davidson and Indian .
Flat track motorcycles ( or dirt trackers , as they are sometimes known ) do not have front brakes , but the slimmed - down style has been copied by builders of ‘ street tracker ’ customs .
The woman who inspired The Beatles ' song Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds has died aged 46 from an autoimmune disease , the charity that supported her has announced .
Lucy O'Donnell was at school with John Lennon 's son Julian when she was three , and it was his picture of her in 1966 that inspired the classic song .
According to various biographies of The Beatles and Ms O'Donnell herself , the young Julian took the picture home to his father and explained : " It 's Lucy in the sky with diamonds . "
The song featured on the Fab Four 's 1967 album Sgt Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band .
It caused huge controversy at the time because of its psychedelic theme and supposed reference to the drug LSD though its initials - a charge always denied as pure coincidence by the songwriter Lennon .
Julian Lennon and Ms O'Donnell - who became Lucy Vodden after her marriage - resumed their friendship in recent months after she became ill with lupus , the disease of the immune system which led to her death last Tuesday ( local time ) .
" Everyone at the Louise Coote Lupus Unit was dreadfully shocked by the death of Lucy , " said Angie Davidson , campaign director of the St Thomas Lupus Trust that helped Ms Vodden during her illness .
" She was a great supporter of ours and a real fighter .
It 's so sad that she has finally lost the battle she fought so bravely for so long . "
The trust added that Julian Lennon and his mother Cynthia were " shocked and saddened " by Ms Vodden 's death .
- AFP
Reprinted from The Smart Asset
It looks as if the Great Recession is now just great and no longer a recession , at least for the some of the giants .
JPMorgan Chase reports third - quarter profits of $ 3.6 billion .
The other big banks ' 3Q reports will also roll in ; hard to imagine they 'll be any different .
Chase got $ 25 billion of TARP taxpayer money .
And thanks to more infusions of public money through the Public Private Investment Program ( PPIP ) , the taxpayers will subsidize the removal of toxic assets from the banks while in effect guaranteeing BlackRock and other money - manager firms from losing on the purchase deals .
Sweet .
Even sweeter : Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner 's current closest aides earned millions last year working for Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street firms , Bloomberg reveals this morning .
As New York Fed chief , Geithner was intimately involved in last year 's bailout of those big firms .
You might think that a bailout of taxpayers is overdue , that Barack Obama 's administration could at least stop subsidizing the big banks and stop guaranteeing the leveraged - buyout firms ' purchase of toxic assets and instead help make some of those assets ( your mortgages , and so on ) less toxic .
Go back to what FDIC Sheila Bair said exactly one year ago in her plea that the government needed to focus on bailing out homeowners instead of the big banks .
She was a lone voice among top officials , while Hank Paulson , Ben Bernanke , and Geithner were figuring out how to spend taxpayer money to bail out Goldman Sachs , Chase , and other big banks .
Marginalized by the Bush administration and now by the Obama administration , Bair shouted into the wind :
" Why there 's been such a political focus on making sure we 're not unduly helping borrowers but then we 're providing all this massive assistance at the institutional level , I do n't understand it .
It 's been a frustration for me . "
See the October 16 , 2008 , Wall Street Journal story about Bair 's comments .
The headline and first two paragraphs are frank enough :
" FDIC Chief Raps Rescue for Helping Banks Over Homeowners " Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Chairman Sheila Bair ... criticized the federal government for failing to take more aggressive steps to prevent Americans from losing their homes , highlighting a rift between her and other senior U.S. officials over terms of the $ 700 billion rescue package .
The government plan will help stabilize financial markets but it does n't do enough to address home foreclosures , the root of the crisis , she said in an interview with The Wall Street Journal .
One year later , the banks are saying that it 's up to consumers to spend their own way out of the recession and make the economy whole again .
The banks are moaning that people have to spend more to get the money flowing .
But the leveraged - buyout firms , like Steve Schwarzman 's Blackstone , are already flipping with joy ; now that the government has printed enough money to prop up the market , they 're pouring their own hoarded money into deals .
Happy holiday shopping !
Be sure to go into more credit - card debt so you can complete that bailout of the banks .
Valentine 's Day 1988 : At the school dance , geeky Jeremy Melton bravely faces one rejection after the other when asking four popular girls to dance with him .
A fifth girl , plump and insecure , agrees , but they end up making out under the bleachers .
When a group of school bullies catches them , the girl claims that Jeremy attacked her .
This causes them to strip off his clothes and beat him up in front of the entire school .
Flash forward to 2001 .
We meet the five girls who were in that school gym : Kate , Paige , Shelly , Lily and the formerly plump Dorothy .
They are all in their 20's now and trying to sort out their love lives , which is appropriate , since Valentine 's Day is coming up .
After a disastrous date with a loser , one of the girls , a pre-med student , is murdered by a Cherub - mask wearing killer who sent her a death threat in the form of a Valentine card prior to the attack .
After the four remaining girls are reunited at her funeral , they all start receiving threatening cards and ...
Written by Tertius Saayman < tsaayman@hotmail.com >
Pelosi ’s decision to move away from the agreement that was made with a group of Blue Dogs to get the bill out of committee would steer the healthcare legislation back to the left as she prepares for a floor vote .
ADVERTISEMENT
Pelosi is planning to include a government - run public option in the House version of the healthcare bill .
She wants to model it on Medicare , with providers getting reimbursed on a scale pegged to Medicare rates .
" The speaker is full - steam - ahead , " said a senior Democratic aide .
But a Pelosi aide said nothing is final , and the proposal to revert to the more left - leaning version of the language would be vetted before the entire Democratic Caucus .
Blue Dog Democrats , many of whom represent rural districts where Medicare reimbursement rates are low , vehemently oppose tying the public option to Medicare .
Rep. Mike Ross ( D - Ark. ) and a group of fellow Blue Dogs had negotiated a deal with Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Henry Waxman ( D - Calif . ) in July that would remove the link to Medicare .
Under that plan , officials with the government - run plan would negotiate individually with providers .
That move , which drew howls of protest from liberal members , prevented the bill from getting stuck in committee .
But Ross returned from the August break saying he could n't support a public option under any circumstances , essentially withdrawing his support for the deal .
Pelosi is now effectively withdrawing her support .
In leadership meetings last week , she said the public option in the House bill should be linked to Medicare .
Other Blue Dogs involved in the deal have said they realized the public option they negotiated was likely to change before it went to the floor .
Pelosi has also told her fellow leaders she still wants an income surtax on the wealthy , rather than a tax on " Cadillac " health plans , as a means to help pay the $ 1 trillion cost of the bill .
The rest is to be made up with savings in Medicare by eliminating wasteful spending .
That will worry many members who led the charge against the surtax when it was rolled out .
Pelosi wants decisions on the public option and tax this week .
She wants to produce a bill that will be a starting point for negotiations among the disparate and , at times , warring factions of the Democratic Caucus .
" The Speaker is committed to having a strong public option in the House bill because it is the best way to promote competition , control cost and keep the insurance companies honest , " said Pelosi spokesman Nadeam Elshami .
" The caucus continues to meet to discuss the legislation and its provisions . "
Democrats are to discuss the public option at a caucus meeting Thursday .
That discussion will include replacing the public option with nonprofit " cooperatives " that would compete with private insurers but would not be run by the government .
A Senate Finance Committee bill has a similar provision .
The Blue Dogs chose the member who will present the co-op proposal .
Both the public option and cooperatives are intended to compete with private insurers in an attempt to drive down costs .
Blue Dogs have also supported making the government - run plan a fallback option if other reforms in the bill do n't lower healthcare costs .
You can take a screenshot on your Mac to capture what 's on the display .
Screenshotting your Mac 's screen is easy and can be helpful for a number of reasons , including documenting an error and quickly sharing something you see .
Once you 've made the screengrab or screenshot , you can send it with any email program you have installed on your computer .
Include the captured image as a file attachment in the message .
Instructions in this article apply to Mac OS X Lion ( 10.7 ) and higher .
How to Capture the Whole Screen
Taking a screenshot of your entire screen and capturing everything that 's currently visible on it is as easy as striking a few keys on your keyboard .
With the item (s ) you want to capture on your screen , press Command + Shift +3 on your keyboard .
Go to the desktop to locate the PNG screenshot .
It 's named Screen Shot with a date and time appended .
The desktop is the default location , and PNG is the default format .
You can change both of them to keep things organized .
Alternatively , press Control + Shift + Command +3 to copy the screenshot to your clipboard to paste it into the body of your email .
When you use this method , it wo n't save to your desktop ( or the location you chose ) .
Open your email program and attach the screenshot to the email .
How you do this depends on which platform you 're using .
How to Screenshot Only Part of the Screen
If you know exactly what part of the screen you want to include in the screenshot , you can take the screengrab of a limited area to exclude the parts of the image you do n't need .
Press Command + Shift +4 , which changes the cursor to a crosshair .
Click and drag the crosshair over the area you want to include in the screenshot .
As you do this , a box forms to show what your screenshot will include .
To adjust the selection box while you 're making it , hold the Space key to drag and reposition the highlighted area .
Release Space to keep adjusting the size .
Release the cursor , and the section you selected saved to the screenshot location .
Alternatively , press Control + Shift + Command + 4 to start the selection , and the area you highlight is saved to your clipboard instead of the screenshots folder or desktop .
How to Screenshot a Specific Window or Menu
You can use the selection method to pick out a particular window or menu on your screen , but macOS includes a faster and more accurate way to do this .
Here 's how .
Pull up the window or menu you want to capture .
Press Shift + Command +4 +Space on your keyboard .
You can also use this method by pressing Space after activating the selection mode .
The pointer becomes a camera .
Place the pointer ( camera ) over the window you want to capture .
The highlighted window turns blue .
Click the window you want to capture , and the screenshot saves to your computer .
The Benchmark Handbook , 1993
Jim Gray ( Ed. ) : The Benchmark Handbook for Database and Transaction Systems ( 2nd Edition ) .
Morgan Kaufmann 1993 , ISBN 1-55860-292-5
The Benchmark Handbook : © Copyright 1991 - 1998 by Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc. , ACM SIGMOD
Anthology : Copyright © by ACM ( info@acm.org ) , Corrections : anthology@acm.org
DBLP : Copyright © by Michael Ley ( ley@uni-trier.de ) , last change : Tue Nov 21 10:21:30 2000
The computer nerd in me really , really wants one of these .
Having your browser , iTunes , IM , TweetDeck , Word , Skype , Photoshop , video editing tools , folders , and more open at the same time ... well , it just takes up a lot of screen real estate .
On a 15.4 " laptop , you can only fit so much before your screen is piled with program after program .
g Screen , an Alaska - based notebook designer and manufacturer , aims to solve that problem , no matter where you are , with what can only be described as the PC version of a two - headed hydra : the dual - screen laptop .
Do n't believe us ?
Here are a few pictures that Gizmodo got its hands on :
Each monitor slides , so that you can move the gScreen around compactly .
Now that is awesome .
Here are the specs for this beast , listed on the gScreen website :
- 2 LED backlit display screens - Windows VISTA / WIN XP PRO ( optional ) - Intel Core 2 Duo P8400 2.26 - GHz - 4 GB of RAM ( 2GB DDR2 SO - DIMM x 2 ) - 320 GB 7200 -rpm HD - NVIDIA ® GeForce ® 9800M GT with 512MB dedicated memory ( or ) - NVIDIA ® Quadro FX 1700M Graphics with 512MB dedicated memory - 9 - cell battery - IEEE 1394 1 Graphics Card Output ( 15 - pin , D - Sub ) X 1 , HDMI X 1 Mic- in X 1 , Line - in x 1 , Headphone X 1 PCI Express Card X 1 AC Power Adaptor Output : 19V DC , 90W Input : 100~240V AC , 50/60 Hz universal Battery Pack Li-ion 9 cells
This laptop is clearly meant for professional designers , programmers , filmmakers , and others that regularly need two monitors to get work done .
Two - screen set - ups just allow you to get more done ( thus why I use a two - screen set - up ) .
There are disadvantages though , like the power drain two screens will cause and the sheer weight , estimated at 12 + pounds .
And , of course , the price may be a deal - breaker : around $ 3000 .
Still , this thing could do wonders for the productivity of digital professionals everywhere .
And you may not have to wait long to get your hands on one ; the company hopes to have the gScreen on the market by Christmas .
What do you think ?
Would you buy one of these two - headed beasts ?
Let us know in the comments .
This quote will not go over well , at least in America where we 're really sensitive about this stuff .
Lord Griffith Of Fforestfatch ( really ) , a former Thatcher advisor and vice - chairman of Goldman Sachs ( GS ) international , defended his company 's massive compensation at a debate .
Telegraph :
As he defended the bank ’s lavish bonuses , Lord Griffiths said the general public should “ tolerate the inequality as a way to achieve greater prosperity for all ” , saying also that “ we should not ... be ashamed of offering compensation in an internationally competitive market which ensures the bank businesses here and employs British people ” .
Time magazine has a remarkably one - sided article on America ’s first ‘ internet addiction ’ clinic .
The clinic turns out to be a few rooms in someone ’s house , but the article gives away an interesting if not depressing gem about the likely status of the ‘ internet addiction ’ diagnosis in the DSM - V , the next version of the psychiatrists ’ diagnostic manual :
“ The central issue is the absence of research literature on this , ” says Dr. Charles O’Brien , director of the University of Pennsylvania ’s Center for Studies in Addiction and the current chair of the DSM - V committee to revise the manual , adding that with the backdrop of the health - care debate , now is a precarious time to introduce new disorders that will require more money to treat .
“ At this point I think it ’s appropriate that it ’s not considered an official disease , ” says O’Brien .
“ We are probably going to mention it in the appendix . ”
The appendix refers to Appendix B , which is a list of diagnoses worthy of future study , and yes , that ’s the head of the DSM addiction committee saying that an “ absence of research literature ” makes something worthy of future study .
In which case , I might write to him and ask to have my own diagnosis of “ impulsive diagnosis inclusion syndrome ” listed on the same basis .
But not only is his reasoning rather odd , he ’s also wrong .
There ’s quite a sizeable literature on the ‘ internet addiction ’ diagnosis and , as noted by a meta - analysis published last year , it turns out to be rubbish .
If you ’re interested in reading something a little more balanced , I get to spar with Kimberley Young , one of the long - standing ‘ internet addiction ’ promoters , in an article in this month ’s Canadian Medical Association Journal .
Link to Time on America ’s first ‘ internet addiction ’ clinic .
Link to ‘ internet addiction ’ scrap in CMAJ .
The World Health Organization , which does not have a good track record when it comes to pseudoscience in medicine ( being too much of a political organization ) , has recently made a number of statements against the use of homeopathy for HIV , TB , malaria , influenza , and infant diarrhea .
The WHO was apparently pressured to take a clear position on the use of homeopathy by a group of UK physicians .
In their press release today they state :
As a group of early - career medics and researchers from the UK and Africa , we wrote to the WHO in June this year raising concerns about the aggressive promotion of homeopathy for these serious diseases , which puts lives at risk ( www.senseaboutscience.org.uk/index.php/site/project/331/).
We have received the following responses :
Dr Mario Raviglione , Director , Stop TB Department , WHO : “ Our evidence - based WHO TB treatment / management guidelines , as well as the International Standards of Tuberculosis Care ( ISTC ) do not recommend use of homeopathy . ”
Dr Mukund Uplekar : TB Strategy and Health Systems , WHO : “ WHO ’s evidence - based guidelines on treatment of tuberculosis … have no place for homeopathic medicines . ”
Dr Teguest Guerma , Director Ad Interim , HIV / AIDS Department , WHO : “ The WHO Dept. of HIV / AIDS invests considerable human and financial resources [ … ] to ensure access to evidence - based medical information and to clinically proven , efficacious , and safe treatment for HIV …
Let me end by congratulating the young clinicians and researchers of Sense About Science for their efforts to ensure evidence - based approaches to treating and caring for people living with HIV . ”
Dr Sergio Spinaci , Associate Director , Global Malaria Programme , WHO : “ Thanks for the amazing documentation and for whistle blowing on this issue …
The Global Malaria programme recommends that malaria is treated following the WHO Guidelines for the Treatment of Malaria ” .
( These guidelines do not include any use of homeopathy . )
Joe Martines , on behalf of Dr Elizabeth Mason , Director , Department of Child and Adolescent Health and Development , WHO : “ We have found no evidence to date that homeopathy would bring any benefit to the treatment of diarrhoea in children …
Homeopathy does not focus on the treatment and prevention of dehydration – in total contradiction with the scientific basis and our recommendations for the management of diarrhoea . ”
The office of Dr Margaret Chan , Director - General of WHO , stated on 14th August 2009 that these responses “ clearly express the WHO ’s position ” .
WEST PALM BEACH , Fla. , Sept. 17 ( UPI ) --
A jury said a Florida law firm twice botched a woman 's racial - discrimination case against her employer and now owes her $ 4.5 million for the errors .
The Circuit Court jury said a lawyer from the powerful Fort Lauderdale law firm of Becker & Poliakoff PA made errors that led to the September 2001 dismissal of Jackie Young 's 1990s lawsuit against BellSouth Corp. , now AT&T Inc. , The Palm Beach ( Fla . )
Post reported .
Advertisement
On top of that , the firm did n't tell Young her case had been thrown out until October 2002 -- and by then it was too late for Young to fix the problems in the lawsuit and refile it , the complaint against the law firm alleged .
As a result , Young 's claim against BellSouth -- as part of a class action lawsuit of 54 employees alleging racial discrimination against black employees -- was permanently dismissed with no avenue to appeal , Young 's attorney , Craig Zobel , argued .
At the same time that the law firm neglected Young 's case , it collected $ 2.9 million in attorney fees from others in the case , Zobel alleged .
Becker & Poliakoff senior partner Alan Becker said it would appeal the verdict , calling the damages " excessive , " the Post reported .
He said the firm should not be blamed for the improper actions of a " rogue lawyer who filed this case without authority and contrary to his supervisor 's clear direction . "
Becker alleged his firm did not know the case was filed , much less dismissed due to attorney Thomas Romero 's errors .
Romero , whom Becker said was later fired from the law firm and disbarred , " purposely hid " his misdeeds " from all parties , " Becker alleged .
Deliberately Insecure Web Applications For Learning Web App Security ( WebGoat , BadStore , Hacme , SecuriBench , WebMaven )
Deliberately Insecure Web Applications For Learning Web App Security
Over the last few months I 've been teaching free classes for the ISSA Kentuckiana chapter in Louisville Kentucky .
After doing one on Nmap and another on Sniffers , I talked it over with my buddies Brian and Jeff and decided that the next one should be on web application vulnerabilities .
Now the question becomes what to test against in a classroom environment ?
To tell the truth , I 'm not as up on web application security as I think I need to be to teach the class yet , and I do n't want to have to develop my own insecure code just to have something to test against in the lab .
I could look through BugTraq for good candidates and install old venerable versions of apps like phpBB but I did not think that would be the clearest way to illustrate some concepts .
What I wanted was a " one stop shop " for a bunch of common vulnerabilities .
It also occurred to me to use one of the many online wargame / hacker challenge sites , but there are a few major problems with that approach :
1 . Often the places I teach at wo n't let me have unfettered access to the global Internet during class .
2 . Some of the challenges are not really all that realistic .
3 . If the ISP was monitoring the traffic for misuse with an IDS they may write me angry letters , even if I have permissions from the target .
What I needed were deliberately insecure web application designed for learning .
With a little Googling I found quite a few .
I plan to update this page as I have more time to test them , and I 'd be glad to hear your comments and suggestions for additions to the list .
While there may not be a deliberately insecure web application for your specific development environment , most common application vulnerabilities show a lot of platform overlap so they should still be useful in teaching you what to avoid when you code your applications .
BadStore
Link : http://www.badstore.net/
Platform : Perl , Apache and MySQL
Install : Meant to run by booting a Live CD , but I 'd recommend using my Live CD VMX
Notes : Easy to set up , and it 's nice that you can run it from a VM with a little work .
Just make sure you set the VM to use the IP addresses that are only available from the local host OS ( NAT or Host - only ) .
Damn Vulnerable Web App
Link : http://www.ethicalhack3r.co.uk/damn-vulnerable-web-app/
Platform : PHP , Apache and MySQL
Install : Should work on any box you can install Apache / PHP / MySQL on .
Notes :
When I first posted Mutillidae , Ryan Dewhurst emailed me and told be about a project he started a few months before mine .
His is also PHP / MySQL based , and looks prettier than mine . :)
I 've yet to play with it much , but I may be using some of his code in the near future to expand Mutillidae .
Gruyere
Link : http://google-gruyere.appspot.com/
Platform : Google app engine or locally with Python
Install :
You do n't have to install it , you could just run it from http://google-gruyere.appspot.com/start but instructions for running it locally are on the project 's website .
Notes :
None yet , I 've not played with it much .
Hacme Series from Foundstone
Foundstone has put out a whole series of venerable web applications you can learn from and test your skills against .
Some are harder to install than others since a few are quite old by web standards and the installers require outdated MSSQL services that do n't work the same way as the more up - to - date ones .
Still , with a little work you should be able to get them installed on a modern system .
I can't guarantee all of them are designed to only listen to the local loopback , so if you decide to run them on a production network I highly recommend you use a VM set to use the IP addresses that are only available from the local host OS ( NAT or Host - only ) .
One of the great things about the Hackme series is the diverse programming platforms they are written in .
As I said in the intro paragraph , most web development platforms have similar common vulnerabilities , but it 's nice to know what to look out for on your specific environment .
Most of them I have limited install note on , but I 'm working on testing them out .
Moth
Link : http://www.bonsai-sec.com/en/research/moth.php
Platform : Linux VMWare image
Install : Just download the VM and open it in VMWare player
Notes : I 've yet to messed with it much , but from the sound of it it looks like and easy test platform to get up and running .
Unfortunately , the version I tested is over 5 GB uncompressed , and their web site needs more of a description of what is included in the 396MB download .
The readme you get after the download sheds some light on this , it seems to include vulnerable versions of the following packages :
Nanbiquara 2.0 ( PHP + MySQL )
Riotpix .61 p ( PHP + MySQL )
Vanilla 1.1.4 ( PHP + MySQL )
Wordpress 2.6.5 ( PHP + MySQL )
Yazd war 3.0r ( Tomcat 6 + MySQ )
I like the idea of being able to access the script thee different ways ( directly , through mod_security or through PHP - IDS ) and seeing the different results , but they need to work on getting the install smaller .
Mutillidae
Link : http://www.irongeek.com/i.php?page=security/mutillidae-deliberately-vulnerable-php-owasp-top-10
Platform : PHP , Apache and MySQL
Install : Should work on any box you can install Apache / PHP / MySQL on .
I have personally tested it in XAMPP under Windows and Linux .
Notes : Mutillidae is my personal project to implement the OWASP Top 10 Vulnerabilities .
It 's designed to be easy to follow and geared towards a classroom environment .
Think of it as a noob 's WebGoat .
Stanford SecuriBench
Link : http://suif.stanford.edu/~livshits/securibench/
Platform : J2EE application , Java Development Kit
Install : Looks like it's another " by hand " install .
Notes : Includes a bunch of venerable J2EE web apps , such as : jboard 0.30 , blueblog 1.0 , webgoat 0.9 , blojsom 1.9.6 , personalblog 1.2.6 , snipsnap 1.0 - BETA - 1 , road2hibernate 2.1.4 , pebble 1.6 - beta1 and roller 0.9.9 .
Vicnum
Link : http://sourceforge.net/projects/vicnum/
http://www.owasp.org/index.php/Category:OWASP_Vicnum_Project
Platform : PHP and Perl
Install : Should work on any box you can install Apache / PHP / MySQL on .
Try it with XAMPP .
Notes : Mordecai Kraushar sent me an email about his project .
The more the merrier .
Here is how it is described : " A web application showing common vulnerabilities such as cross site scripting and session management issues .
Helpful to IT auditors honing web security skills and to those setting up ' capture the flag ' exercises .
For the VM login as root / vicnum "
WebGoat
Link : http://www.owasp.org/index.php/Category:OWASP_WebGoat_Project
Platform : J2EE web application
Install : Self contained Tomcat server you can run from a directory under Windows or Linux
Notes :
Love the fact it 's so self contained and easy to run .
By default it only listens on the loopback address , so you can run it from your workstation a production network with little worries .
WebMaven ( AKA : Buggy Bank )
Link : http://www.mavensecurity.com/WebMaven.php
Platform : Perl CGI scripts
Install :
You have to install this on a box with a web server and Perl CGI support .
The creators recommend Xitami for the sake of ease .
Makes sure that you do n't put the server on a production network .
Notes : I 've not played with this one much .
The website for WebMaven says it was the basis for WebGoat v1 .
Other Resources
The Heorot forum also has a collection of Live CDs you can use as targets in learning pen-testing .
If you are interested in trying out exploits against binaries , check out some of the out - of - date apps available at http://oldapps.com .
They are not necessarily web app focused , but they may still be useful to you .
If you have more suggestions for deliberately insecure web apps I can add to the page , please contact me .
Change log :
09/23/2009 : Added information on Vicnum and oldapps.com .
05/02/2009 : Added Moth to the list .
03/02/2009 : Added Mutillidae and Damn Vulnerable Web App to the list .
12/22/2008 : First posted .
As a coach , you know how important it is to stay on top of your game .
Doing so is a two part process .
The first part is keeping yourself up - to - date with the latest educational tools for coaches .
The other part is promoting your business .
As the Coaching industry continues to grow and competition increases , you will need better ways to promote yourself and your business .
This article lists the most complete and current internet directories for Coaches along with summary information on joining for private individuals and companies .
With the coaching directories listed below you will be able to list your Coaching Practice , build your business , share your expertise and watch your practice grow .
The directories for Coaches allow you to give a brief description about your practice , membership details , pricing options and a direct link to your website .
We want to share with you 26 different directories where you can gain exposure as well as locate other individuals that you can network with .
These are in no particular order and each is worth taking a look at .
Let ’s begin .
The first place we will look into is Find a Coach http://www.findacoach.com.
This is a robust , searchable system that offers coaches a reliable means to establishing a stronger web presence and clients the ability to find a coach that meets their coaching needs in a fast and effective way .
They offer several different packages to accommodate everyone starting from $ 40 per annum .
( PLEASE NOTE :
You must be a student or graduate of Coachinc.com in order to join the directory )
‘ Life Coaches with the Coach Connection ’ - The Coach Connection ’s Online Resource Directory .
Our next directory is http://www.findyourcoach.com .
If you are interested in exchanging links then this is the site for you .
You simply send your link information ( Site Name , Site Description , and Linking URL ) with “ Link Exchange ” in the subject line to coaches@findyourcoach.com .
Your site will be taken into consideration for
If you are looking to gain prospective clients then try LifeCoach.com - http://www.lifecoach.com.
Here you can list yourself with various search engines so you ’re your potential clients can find you easily .
Once you are enrolled in an ICF accredited coach training program , then you may list yourself as a “ coach in training ” on the Lifecoach.com International Directory of Coaches .
This will help you gain exposure by new clients and you can offer coaching for free or a deeply discounted rate in order to get practice , which is often what you need when you ’re starting out .
Many clients obtain their coaches name and contact information from the Life Coach Guide - http://www.lifecoachguide.com.
This directory lists life coaches , career coaches , business coaches and personal coaches on the web .
This directory allows your potential clients to search the database of coaches ( with photos and specific information about each coach ) .
This way they can select the best fit for their personal coaching requirements .
Every coach listed in the directory is reviewed , critiqued and hand selected .
This helps ensure that all coaches are competent and committed to practicing with integrity .
Find a Life Coach is one of the biggest independent coaching directories online .
Find a Life Coach - http://www.findalifecoach.co.uk/
directory includes a wide variety of coaches with various different approaches , styles and skills .
They are not owned by any individual life coach training school or company .
Coaches from all over the UK , plus Europe and the USA are included .
A life - time listing in the Life Coaching directory will cost you just £ 20.00 Hereis the form to signup : http://www.findalifecoach.co.uk/information.htm
If you want a directory that will highlight your individual coaching gifts and skills , as well as give potential clients an opportunity to go directly to your individual website to learn more about you , then this is the directory for you .
At Be a Life Coach – http://www.bealifecoach.com/coachdirectory.php in many cases potential clients can also click on a sound button and hear from you first hand how you can best serve them .
If you are a passionate life or business coach then you need to “ connect ” with People Coaching People – http://www.peoplecoachingpeople.com.
People Coaching aims to inform and educate people in the value of professional and to serve as an all inclusive international directory of quality life and business coaches and accredited coach training institutions .
For as little as NZ$ 10 per month you can join their coaching directory and have your own web page .
Register today by going to http://www.peoplecoachingpeople.com/index.php?file=c-registration&type=Coach&mode=Add
Coaches and Mentors - http://www.coachesandmentors.com is for coaches who are certified through CTA ’s Certified Coach Program .
If you are a business coach then sign up at ActionCOACH .
This is an international directory .
ActionCOACH business coaching services use universal business and proven principles to help you increase your bottom line and corporate satisfaction .
Learn more by visiting them at http://www.actioncoach.com/coachfinder.php.
Certified Fearless Living Coaches ( CFLC ) are trained in the Principles of Fearless Living and are able to support you in discovering your personal Wheel of Fear and Wheel of Freedom .
Coaches trained in this system can be listed in this directory : http://fearlessliving.org/support_system/coach_directory
Next on our list is the well known , International Coach Federation – http://www.coachfederation.org/.
The International Coach Federation ( ICF ) is the largest worldwide resource for professional coaches and a good source for those who are seeking a coach .
They are a non-profit organization formed by individual members - professionals who practice coaching , including Executive Coaches , Leadership Coaches , Life Coaches and many more , from around the world .
Formed in 1995 , today the ICF is the leading global organization dedicated to advancing the coaching profession by setting high professional standards , providing independent certification , and building a network of credentialed coaches .
They exist to support and advance the coaching profession through programs and standards supported by their members and to be an authoritative source on coaching information and research for the public .
The following is information on their membership plans :
Annual Membership : $ 195 ( USD
Fill out their online membership application by going to : http://www.coachfederation.org/join-icf/online-membership-application/.
At LocateACoach.com -http://www.locateacoach.com/
you can list your coaching practice for free ; find life coach , spiritual life coach , executive life coach , business coach , Christian life coach , career coach http://www.locateacoach.com/members/options.cfm
At Results Coaching Systems - http://www.resultslifecoaching.com.au/findtest/index.php
Results Coaches are extensively trained to deliver personal , business and executive coaching with people from all walks of life .
Results coaches are successful people in their own right with a real commitment to helping others realize their potential .
They have all undergone extensive coach specific training and passed a challenging internal certification program before being placed on this site .
To become part of this exciting directory visit their website at http://www.resultslifecoaching.com.au/becomenew/
The International Association of Coaching - http://www.certifiedcoach.org/find.lasso is a global association for coaches .
IAC provides an independent credentialing and certifying service for people who use coaching in their business and is recognized worldwide .
Annual Membership Fee : $ 129.00 http://www.certifiedcoach.org/join.lasso
The Life Coach Directory - http://www.lifecoach-directory.org.uk/
is a directory that contains a comprehensive database of UK life coaches , with information on their training and experience , areas of life coaching covered , fees and contact details .
Use this link to register today https://secure.lifecoach-directory.org.uk/register.php.
Next on our list it the Life - Coach - Directory – http://www.life-coach-directory.com/.
Like is sister directory above , this site is full of benefits .
Simply fill their membership form and include a link back to your site .
They ’ll review your submission as soon as possible .
If your site is approved , your link will appear in the category you ’ve chosen .
It ’s that simple .
Another site is Find a Coach Online – http://www.findacoachonline.com/index.html.
You can list yourself here for easy access to potential clients waiting to find you The Worldwide Association of Business Coaches – http://www.wabccoaches.com also known as ( WABC ) is a professional Association dedicated exclusively to business coaching , serving both business coaches and business clients .
Join today using the following link http://www.wabccoaches.com/joinus/
Life Coaching Solutions - http://www.coaching-life.co.uk/ukdriectory/directuk.htm is a directory of UK life coaches as well as coaching and mentoring service providers .
Sign up using the following link http://www.coaching-life.co.uk/pages/contact.htm
Listed as the UK ’s quality directory of UK business coaches , Freeindex.co.uk – http://www.freeindex.co.uk/categories/Business_Management/Management_Consulting/Business_Coaching/ is a great search function that lists coaches in your area .
The businesses listed at the top have received better reviews for their services than others .
It ’s completely free to register your business .
You can promote your company more effectively by adding a detailed description of your business , images , and a link to your website and customer reviews .
At iPECcoaches.com – http://www.ipeccoaches.com/ potential clients can find a coach in their National Directory of Coaches .
This includes life coaching , business coaching , career coaching , personal coaching , executive coaching , corporate coaching , leadership coaching , management coaching and job coaching , Help potential clients reach their goals at work and in life by listing your services in this directory .
At Business.com - http://www.business.com/directory/human_resources/leadership_and_teams/coaching/
they list business coaches offering leadership help , mentoring and performance coaching for businesses of all types .
This includes vendors that offer small business coaching , as well as executive coaches .
A global directory that lists Life Coaches and their services can be found at 24 - 7coaching.com – http://www.247coaching.com/directory/defaultcoach.asp.
They also list valuable information on life coaching itself .
Potential clients can find a life coach or personal coach .
You can also find lots of information on life coaching in general .
There is a directory called BusinessCoach.com – http://www.businesscoach.com.
BusinessCoach.com is a world leader in Business Coaching .
They state that they list expert Business Coaches with over 20 Years of Business Coaching Experience .
So your potential clients can trust their Business Coaches who are located in International locations around the world .
A great addition to our list is Click A Life Coach - http://www.clickalifecoach.com/directory/coachlist.aspx.
They list Personal and Professional life coaching , offering face to face , phone and skype coaching .
This includes coaches who specialize in the following topics : Relationship , Career , Health , Personal , Business and Executive Sport Coaching .
You can also list your services at TouchLocal - http://www.touchbath.com/business/search/typeId/3565/type/Life+Coaching.
They are a local business directory .
Last but certainly not least it B2B Yellow Pages – http://www.b2byellowpages.com/directory/b2b_business/business-coach.shtml.
They feature Business Coach Businesses and Business Coach Companies .
Their directory contains a complete listing of companies specializing in Business Coaching .
As you can see , there are many directories where you can list your services .
Each one has something different to offer the coaches using their services .
You are sure to find a directory or two that will meet your needs .
In the end , promoting your business and obtaining new clients is what you ’re after .
So review each of these sites and find the ones that work for you .
© 2009 Document prepared by Anton ’s research assistant .
Contact us if you have any suggestions for additions or alterations .
North Korea has test - fired five short - range missiles off the east coast of the peninsula , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency has reported .
The North had declared a " no - sail zone " off its east and west coasts for 10 - 20 October , Yonhap said .
The launches come days after Pyongyang said it was willing to return to multi-party talks on its nuclear programme .
The US secretary of state said the goal of the US and its allies would remain a nuclear - free Korean peninsula .
Pressure has grown on North Korea to return to the multi-party talks since it conducted an underground nuclear test in May .
The UN passed tougher sanctions against North Korea in response to the test .
Pyongyang 's recent willingness to return to talks it pulled out of in April may be due to it feeling the pinch of the international sanctions , some analysts say .
' Persistent patience ' Citing an unidentified South Korean government official , Yonhap reported the missiles were surface - to - surface KN - 02 rockets with a range of up to 75 miles ( 120 km ) .
Two were launched in the morning , and another three in the afternoon , the agency said .
The missile launches are the first since July .
Speaking in Northern Ireland , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said she had no further information about the launches .
But she said the goals of the US and its allies " remain the same .
We intend to work toward a nuclear - free Korean peninsula . "
" We have made a lot of progress with the other members of the six - party talks who joined us in the very strong sanctions against North Korea and who have been working with us to restart a process there , " she said .
Mrs Clinton said the consultation between the US and its allies was " unaffected " by North Korea 's behaviour .
" We pursue this goal like we pursue all of our national security goals : through obstacles , overcoming challenges ; a persistent patience that does n't have any guarantee of outcome , " she added , according to AFP news agency .
Deteriorating relations Earlier on Monday , South Korea proposed working - level talks with the North on cross - border flood control and on further reunions for families separated by the 1950 - 53 Korean War .
The North has not given a reply to the proposal .
Relations between the two Koreas have deteriorated since President Lee Myung - bak took office in the South in 2008 .
He linked the provision of aid to progress on the nuclear issue , drawing the ire of Pyongyang .
North Korea said last month it was continuing to weaponise its plutonium stocks and was in the final stages of uranium enrichment - which would give it a second path to building nuclear weapons .
The North is believed to have enough plutonium to build about six nuclear bombs , but is not thought to have the capacity to make them small enough to deliver on missiles .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We all know the Mets have countless holes to fill .
For a team with one of the highest payrolls in baseball , it seems unfathomable that they would need so much help .
Exactly where are they spending their money ?
As you ponder that question , you also must consider how the Mets will fill their many voids .
One such void is at first base , with the 37 - year old Carlos Delgado highly unlikely to return and Daniel Murphy proving last season that he just does not have the bat to be utilized as a full - time corner infielder .
With a relatively weak free agent market , you have to wonder if the team will look within to fill the void .
Lucky for them , their top hitting prospect , Ike Davis , is a first baseman .
Drafted in the first round of the 2008 draft ( 18th overall ) , Davis has quickly proven that he was more than a low - risk , signability selection .
Splitting time between Single and Double - A in 2009 , he hit .298 with 20 HR and 71 RBI in 429 AB in 2009 .
Being sent to the Arizona Fall League to gain more experience , he has made a lasting impression in just two games going 5 - 9 with 1 HR , 8 RBI and 2 R .
Thus far he ’s struck out just once , but it clearly is a minimal sample size .
As we dig into his minor league numbers since being drafted , we notice that his ability to make contact is becoming a concern :
Low Single - A ( 215 AB ) – 20.0 %
High Single - A ( 222 AB ) – 23.4 %
Double - A ( 207 AB ) – 29.0 %
With that knowledge , you have to question his ability to hit for a consistently high average .
While he hit .309 during his stay at Double - A , it came courtesy of a .381 BABIP .
Obviously it is unlikely that he can continue at that type of pace and it will likely be exposed further as he moves up the ranks .
With an average that seems destined to crash and burn , you have to wonder if he will be able to produce enough power to justify his usage .
His flyball rate , which was a lowly 34.1 % in 2008 , rose to a solid 42.8 % in 2009 .
That number would allow him to potentially contribute enough .
Examples of those who did it in the major leagues this year :
Justin Morneau – 42.9 % ( 30 HR )
Evan Longoria – 41.8 % ( 33 HR )
Jason Kubel – 41.6 % ( 28 HR )
As he continues to mature , if he can maintain his current flyball rate it would not be out of the question to see him reach the 30 HR plateau .
Of course , playing in CitiField may hinder that slightly , but the potential is there .
The problem is , would the power be able to overcome an average that is more likely to be at .250 as opposed to .290 ?
He ’s not likely to suddenly become Ryan Howard or Adam Dunn , launching moon shots and routinely topping 40 HR .
The fact is , no matter what he does in the AFL , it is nearly impossible for him to answer the one , large question .
Will he be able to consistently put bat to ball in the major leagues ?
Until we can answer that , the idea of the Mets turning the 1B job over to him is an alarming one , especially without some sort of contingency plan .
That ’s how the Mets problems grew in 2009 and you need to learn from your mistakes .
The team ’s best bet would be to sign a placeholder for 2010 , someone who they could easily slide to the bench if Davis tears up Triple - A , proving that he can rake .
At the same time , you want someone that could do the job for the entire season , in case Davis struggles .
Could someone like Russell Branyon or Adam LaRoche fit into the Mets plans ?
At this point , that ’s the course I would take .
I ’d expect him to open the season in Triple - A , likely staying there until the All - Star Break , at the earliest .
With the potential that he does n’t make an impact this season , I ’d consider him a low - end option outside of the deepest of keeper leagues , one that should be left on the waiver wire .
Obviously , the Mets plans for Davis could change that , but at this point that ’s where we are .
What are your thoughts ?
Could Davis be a usable fantasy option ?
If you were the Mets , how would you advance him in 2010 ?
To read the previous article , click here .
Rachel Maddow examines how one former disgraced Bush official , Thomas Scully is influencing the health care debate .
So , think about this for a second .
He helped that prescription bill get passed by hiding its true costs , then he immediately went to work for companies who stood to make a mint from the fact that he got that bill passed .
It 's nice work , if you can get it , right ?
A Bush administration investigation found that Mr. Scully threatened to fire the actuary who came up with the real cost figures if that actuary gave those real cost numbers to Congress .
And while he was doing that , Mr. Scully was also busy getting himself a special waiver that would allow him to get a job as a health industry lobbyist as soon as he left government .
Mr. Scully 's career in government took a turn for the infamous after he ordered another government official to withhold information from Congress .
That information was : how much President Bush 's Medicare prescription drug benefit would cost .
Publicly , the Bush administration was saying it would cost no more than $ 400 billion .
Privately , they knew it was more like $ 600 billion .
But Thomas Scully made sure that Congress never knew that .
Actually , if I keep listing how many Bush administration officials were busted in the Abramoff scandal , we 're going to be here a long time .
But suffice to say , there were a lot of dark clouds over a lot of Bush administration resignations .
One of them was President Bush 's administrator of Medicare , a man named Thomas Scully .
There was David Safivian , the head of procurement at the White House , who was busted in the Jack Abramoff scandal .
There was Steven Griles , number two guy at Interior Department who was also busted in the Jack Abramoff scandal .
There was Bush 's aides czar , Randall Tobias , famous for telling foreign countries they could n't get any American money to fight AIDS unless they cracked down on hookers .
Mr. Tobias resigned , of course , after his name turned up on the client list of the D.C. madame .
MADDOW : During the Bush years , there were quite a few administration officials who were forced to leave their jobs under dark clouds .
There was Claude Allen , for example , President Bush 's domestic policy adviser who left after shoplifting a whole bunch of stuff from Target .
You know , it is technically legal to interfere with a federal employee who 's trying to communicate with Congress .
But Mr. Scully was never charged .
He just became a lobbyist and started raking in the D - O - U - G - H , dough .
Ha , ha , ha , suckers !
Where 's Thomas Scully today ?
Thomas Scully is a general partner now of a venture capital firm investing in a whole lot of different medical companies , everything from kidney dialysis centers to nurse temping agencies to manufacturers of heart and vascular defect devices .
One of the companies they recently invested heavily in is called Solantic Corporation .
Not only did they invest in Solantic , Tom Scully is now a member of Solantic 's board of directors .
Solantic is a Florida - based urgent care provider famous for trying to take a Walmart - like for - profit franchisee approach to health care .
The chairman of Solantic is a man named Rick Scott .
Rick Scott - Rick Scott ?
Why does that name sound so familiar ?
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
ROBERT GIBBS , WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY : I think you 've had groups today , Conservatives for Patients '
Rights that have bragged about organizing and manufacturing that anger .
I think you 've got somebody who 's very involved , a leader of that group that 's very involved in the status quo , a CEO that used to run a health care company that was fined by the federal government $ 1.7 billion for fraud .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
MADDOW : That 's who he is !
That 's the guy .
Rick Scott !
Right !
The disgraced medical fraud profiteer who 's now head of the organization Conservatives for Patients '
Rights - which is proudly promoting this effort to disrupt town hall events across the country , at which health care reform is supposed to be discussed .
Their Web site not only has a running list of all these town hall events , but they also have a special page for video of these events , bragging about which members of Congress they 've been able to rattle and who 's events they 've been able to shut down .
Rick Scott , the chairman of a chain of for - profits walk - in clinic , many of which are inside Walmart , is actively promoting and taking credit for the organized , intimidating chaos that 's trying to stop even discussions about reforming health care .
After he was called out by Robert Gibbs of the White House , Mr. Scott told the conservative Web site CNS News , quote , " No one needs to manufacture anger or concern .
It 's a shame that Mr. Gibbs chooses to dismiss these Americans and their very real concerns . "
These American , and their very real concerns , that the chain of for - profit clinics they 've set up inside Walmart might some day get some competition .
And , oh , my elderly relatives are really worried that the chain of for - profit clinics they 're setting up inside Walmart might be threatened , too .
Rick Scott is just a regular American who happens to have perpetuated one of the largest health care frauds in human history and now senses a threat to his current for - profit health scheme which is being overseen by a disgraced Bush administration official whose own record on the subject is so vile he actually makes the word corrupt look bad .
How dare Robert Gibbs suggest that he 's not just a regular guy ?
In totally coincidental , unrelated news , America 's health insurance plans , the national association that represents more than 1,000 insurance companies have just put out a list of talking points .
The things they want real Americans to say at these town hall events .
Here 's your script , real people - written for you by the health insurance industry , which is n't trying to manufacture the appearance of grassroots opposition at all .
If you do n't feel like taking your talking points directly in the health insurance industry , how about a middleman ?
Like , say , the organization FreedomWorks ?
Which sounds really grassroots .
They have now published their own August recess action kit , your handy - dandy guide for disrupting town hall meetings at a location near you .
The kit actually begins with , " Dear friend of freedom , " and it provides suggested questions that you might ask your local congressman .
There 's also a very helpful Google maps of upcoming town hall events .
This kit brought to you by the head of FreedomWorks - of course , former Republican House Majority Leader Dick Armey .
In addition to fronting that group , Dick Armey is a senior policy adviser at a law firm called DLA Piper .
DLA
Piper just happens to have received $ 830,000 this year , so far , from a giant pharmaceutical firm called Medicines Company .
This after the $ 1.5 million Medicines Company paid Mr. Armey 's firm last year .
The fact that Dick Armey and FreedomWorks are standing alongside
regular Joes like Rick Scott to lead the charge against health care reform
could be just a coincidence .
Or it could be a stark reminder of who we 're dealing with here .
Who is actively organizing the campaign against health care reform ?
Scaring real Americans with increasingly paranoid and kooky lies about health care and then providing a script for how to express that fear .
These are the pros , very well - compensated pros .
They do this all the time .
It 's a P.R. industry .
It 's a lobbying industry .
And they have a clear vested financial interest in seeing that the health care industry is not reformed - not now , not ever .
But the prospect of health care reform is up against , is a big , expensive corporate P.R. effort - and as I 've said before , should be reported as such .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A historic sea fort near the entrance of Portsmouth harbour is to be sold at auction next month .
Spitbank Fort , which once defended the Solent , will go under the hammer at the Rose Bowl stadium in Southampton .
Described by its owners as the ultimate venue , the property has a guide price of between £ 600,000 and £ 700,000 .
The 50 - room property is being sold by entrepreneurs Neale Brickwood , Paul Holland and Ian Price who bought it for an undisclosed sum in July 2005 .
The 148 - year - old fort , which also has permission for a casino , is being sold through auctioneers Clive Emson on 6 November .
The current owners have been holding functions at the venue , which is licensed for up to 500 visitors .
The fort was built during the Napoleonic wars " Spitbank Fort reportedly cost nearly £ 120,000 to construct between 1861 and 1878 and was one of Palmerston 's ' Follies ' , a series of land and sea - based forts designed to repel French warships , " said auctioneer Rob Marchant .
" The fort was the Trident missile of its time , a crucial part of the defence of the realm . "
During World War II it was installed with anti-aircraft guns to defend nearby Portsmouth harbour against Nazi attack .
It was decommissioned in the 1960s and turned into a museum .
The walls are 15 ft ( 4.5 m ) thick at basement level , with 35 ft ( 10.6 m ) thick sea foundations and a 8 ft ( 2.3 m ) thick concrete roof .
Mr Brickwood said : " It 's not every day you get to own an armoured fortress in the middle of one of the busiest waterways in the world and with some of the best vistas in the kingdom .
" It is being sold with everything necessary to run the fort as a business , from the rigid inflatable boat to the cups and saucers , knives and forks . "
Spitbank is one of a series of forts in the Solent .
No Mans Land Fort has been converted into residential accommodation , while Horse Sand Fort has remained derelict for about half a century .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ADD TO MY ARTICLES
By : Dr Linda Page , NDOur culture has allowed the health care industry to become so powerful and disproportionately lucrative that it is now in the business of illness rather than health .
In one disconcerting example , a cancer physician , returning from an extended vacation , found an empty waiting room .
His colleague had been treating his patients nutritionally .
The physician wailed , “ This is terrible .
It took me years to build a long - term , regular patient clientele ! ”
People everywhere are realizing that our doctors receive no reward for health , only for treating illness .
Most medical schools do n’t teach disease prevention , proper diet or exercise as a part of health .
Objective measures are emphasized – white blood cell counts , blood pressure readings , etc. , instead of how the patient feels .
Pain is treated as a powerful enemy , its symptoms assaulted with prescription drugs that mask it or drive it underground - a practice that usually means it will resurface later with increased intensity .
The twenty - first century finds many people using more natural , less drug - oriented therapies , sometimes as an alternative to conventional medicine , sometimes in a team approach along with it .
As orthodox medicine becomes more invasive , and less in touch with the person who is ill , informed people are becoming more willing to take a measure of responsibility for their own health .
The best news is that natural remedies work – often better than prescription drugs for many health conditions .
Many modern medical techniques were developed during war time , for emergency care .
However , respected studies show that most illnesses do n’t just drop out of the sky and hit us over the head .
Arthritis , osteoporosis , lower back pain , high blood pressure , coronary - artery disease and hormone imbalances are related to aging and lifestyle .
The emergency measures tend to overkill , and even suppress the body ’s own immune response .
Mental anxiety is brought on by needless testing , medication , or treatment , and a brusque or rushed doctor .
You can literally worry yourself sick when there is nothing seriously wrong .
The human body is a beautifully designed healing system that can meet most problems without outside intervention .
Even when outside help is needed , healing is enhanced if the patient can be free of emotional devastation , depression and panic .
Emotional trauma impairs immune function and panic constricts blood vessels , putting additional burden on the heart .
Pain can tell us that we are smoking too much , eating too much , or eating the wrong things .
It can notify us when there is too much emotional congestion in our lives , or too much daily stress .
Pain can be a friend with useful information about our health , so that we can effectively address the cause of the problem .
Healthy food , regular moderate exercise and restful sleep is still the best medicine for many health conditions .
The principle of nature governing health and illness are ageless ; they apply equally everywhere at all times .
There is no down time with the laws of nature , and they do not play favorites .
We need to be re-educated about our health – to be less intimidated by doctors and disease .
I believe that the greatest ally of alternative medicine will be science itself – not the restricted view of science that assumes its basic concepts are complete , but the open - ended science that sets preconceived notions aside .
Today ’s consumers are not only more aware of alternative health care choices , and more confident in their own healing strength , but also want to do something for themselves to get better .
The time has clearly come for a partnership between health care professionals and patients , so that the healing resources from both sides can be optimally employed .
Source : Page , L. , 2000 .
Healthy Healing .
11th ed. United States of America : Traditional Wisdom , Inc .
By Jason Palmer
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
" Magnetricity " only exists inside special types of crystals Researchers have discovered a magnetic equivalent to electricity : single magnetic charges that can behave and interact like electrical ones .
The work is the first to make use of the magnetic monopoles that exist in special crystals known as spin ice .
Writing in Nature journal , a team showed that monopoles gather to form a " magnetic current " like electricity .
The phenomenon , dubbed " magnetricity " , could be used in magnetic storage or in computing .
Magnetic monopoles were first predicted to exist over a century ago , as a perfect analogue to electric charges .
Although there are protons and electrons with net positive and negative electric charges , there were no particles in existence which carry magnetic charges .
Rather , every magnet has a " north " and " south " pole .
Current event
In September this year , two research groups independently reported the existence of monopoles - " particles " which carry an overall magnetic charge .
But they exist only in the spin ice crystals .
These crystals are made up of pyramids of charged atoms , or ions , arranged in such a way that when cooled to exceptionally low temperatures , the materials show tiny , discrete packets of magnetic charge .
The loops of a magnetic field can be seen in the arrangement of iron filings
Now one of those teams has gone on to show that these " quasi - particles " of magnetic charge can move together , forming a magnetic current just like the electric current formed by moving electrons .
They did so by using sub-atomic particles called muons , created at the Science and Technology Facilities Council 's ( STFC ) ISIS neutron and muon source near Oxford .
The muons decay millionths of a second after their production into other sub-atomic particles .
But the direction in which these resulting particles fly off is an indicator of the magnetic field in a tiny region around the muons .
The team , led by Stephen Bramwell , from the London Centre for Nanotechnology , implanted these muons into spin ice to demonstrate how the magnetic monopoles moved around .
They showed that when the spin ice was placed in a magnetic field , the monopoles piled up on one side - just like electrons would pile up when placed in an electric field .
Professor Bramwell told BBC
News that the development is unlikely to catch on as a means of providing energy , not least because the particles travel only inside spin ices .
" We 're not going to be seeing a magnetic light bulb or anything like that , " he said .
But by engineering different spin ice materials to modify the ways monopoles move through them , the materials might in future be used in " magnetic memory " storage devices or in spintronics - a field which could boost future computing power .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sue Lloyd Roberts
BBC Newsnight , Spain
Seventy years after the end of the civil war in 1939 in which more than 350,000 people were killed , Spain is still divided over how to deal with what the country calls its " historical memory " .
Many people , especially the older generation , say that it has been so long since the war took place that now it is time to forget .
General Franco ruled Spain as dictator for 36 years
However , those related to victims of the Franco era , and the younger generation , say that it is necessary to know about the events of that time , that they owe it to those who died .
Old battle lines are being redrawn .
When Franco died in 1975 , there was an agreement between his friends and foes , often dubbed the " pact of forgetting " , in which both sides agreed a mutually beneficial amnesty to paper over their divisions in order to move forward to a modern , democratic Spain .
Unlike South Africa , Spain has never had a truth and reconciliation commission , so only now are long - repressed aspects of Spain 's dark past coming to light .
Young volunteers
The dead on the losing side of the war had been thrown into unmarked , mass graves , but people have not forgotten where they are .
the priest who , when we were sitting at the table , either eating or writing , had a cane and he would whip us on the neck if we used our left hand
Uxenu Ablana
In pictures : Spain 's dark past Exhumations are now taking place all over Spain .
In Malaga , just metres away from Spain 's famous Costa del Sol , teams of young volunteers work alongside academics and forensic scientists .
They are watched by old men who , as children , remember seeing their fathers rounded up by the Fascist troops .
" My father was assassinated , " says 72 - year - old Antonio Perez Ruiz .
" Not killed because he deserved it .
He was killed by those who in those days went around calling themselves nationalists .
But who were these people ?
Do ' nationalists ' go around killing fellow Spaniards , supporters of a democratically elected government ? "
' Important work '
The young volunteers , working in t- shirts under the hot August sun , are as indignant as the old men .
Nuria complains that she was not told the truth about the civil war at school and she now wants to know : " It 's a bit late , but better late than never , " she says .
" The work we are doing here is important .
We must n't forget these people . "
Exhumations are now taking place all over the country
As students and academics alike dig away at Spain 's past , other horrific stories about the Franco era are emerging .
As people begin to talk about this period , we are finding out that some 30,000 children were forcibly removed from their parents , given to childless pro-Franco couples or put into institutions where they were brainwashed and cruelly abused .
We met Uxenu Ablana in Pravia , in northern Spain .
He says his life came to an end in 1936 when , at five years old , he was taken from his parents .
His father had been a government driver and was imprisoned .
His mother died and Uxenu spent 12 years in four different orphanages run by the Church and by the dictatorship .
' Armed priest '
Uxenu took us back to the first orphanage where he was called " son of a red " by the priests , whom he says had a fanatical hatred of anything left wing .
We all agreed to forget these things when Franco died
Milagros residents
He told us about " the priest who , when we were sitting at the table , either eating or writing , had a cane and he would whip us on the neck if we used our left hand " .
" On two occasions as he leant over , a gun fell out of his robes and fell to the floor and we realised that he had a weapon he could kill with , " he said .
He was interned with his three brothers , all of whom died of tuberculosis .
The priest in charge , he says , used to abuse them sexually : " The priests collaborated completely with the Falangists who had overthrown the government .
They were paedophiles and they converted me to atheism - they were bad and I refused to believe a word they said . "
' Nonsense ' claims
In another orphanage , run by the Auxilio Social , the main welfare institution in Franco 's Spain , Uxenu and the other children were made to sing Falangist hymns celebrating the godliness of Franco 's followers .
Dr Felix Morales says people like Uxenu are lying Uxenu says that at the Auxilio Social orphanage he would endure serious punishments and go for up to 15 days without a meal at night .
" I complained , I cried , but there was no - one who cared .
I never received any affection , " he says .
Dr Felix Morales , vice - president of the Franco Foundation says people like Uxenu are lying : " These people can say what they like , but it is not true .
I do n't know anything about these stories about what the priests and nuns did or any such nonsense .
" As all the people you spoke to well know , there was a department set up - the Auxilio Social - to look after poor children and war orphans . "
Reluctance to talk
He goes on to claim that he had testimonies from children looked after by the Auxilio Social who went on to do well in life .
And he claims that Franco 's effect on Spain was positive : Many still find the events of 70 years ago too inflammatory to discuss " In 1936 , when the war began , Spain was a poor country .
I am old and I remember .
It was a backward country .
Franco left a different country - the eighth most industrialised in the world with a proud middle class . "
Another exhumation is taking place in Milagros , in central Spain in an area which was pro-Franco during the conflict .
It is said to be still sympathetic to the dictator , so I am not surprised when my attempt to talk to local people about the digging down the road , was met with reluctance : " We all agreed to forget these things when Franco died , " they remind me .
" It 's been too many years , " says one woman .
Only one local , born well after the war , was prepared to go further : " I 'll get the butcher to talk to you , " he said .
" He knows everything in the village " .
But , after a few minutes , he came out explaining that the butcher would not talk because the subject was " incandente " that is , more than 70 years after the war , it is still an inflammatory subject .
You can watch Sue Lloyd Roberts ' film on Franco 's missing children on Newsnight on Tuesday 25th August 2009 at 10.30 pm on BBC Two .
Listeners to BBC Radio 4 will also be able to hear a report on the PM programme at 5.00 pm .
Viewers of BBC World can also see her documentary Spain 's Dark Past in the Our World series from Wednesday 26th August 2009 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( THEME )
VOICE ONE :
This is Steve Ember .
VOICE TWO :
And this is Sarah Long with Science in the News , a VOA Special English program about recent developments in Science .
Today , we tell about the disease multiple sclerosis .
VOICE ONE :
Multiple sclerosis is not very easy to say .
Those who suffer from the disease may also have difficulty naming it .
One of the chief signs of multiple sclerosis is losing the ability to speak clearly .
It is estimated that more than one - million people around the world suffer from multiple sclerosis , which also is called M-S .
M -S is a disease of the brain and spinal cord .
The cause of the disease is not known .
In patients with the disease , the covering of the nerves is destroyed .
This temporarily blocks signals that pass through the nerves to the muscles of the body and back to the brain .
M-S especially affects the ability to see , the sense of touch and the use of the arms and legs .
Most forms of the disease are described as progressive .
This means that the disease gets worse as time passes .
VOICE TWO :
Arrow points to early evidence of multiple sclerosis that can be seen in the brain .
( Images - National Institutes of Health )
The central nervous system of the body includes the brain and the spinal cord .
The system contains millions of nerve cells joined together by long thin fibers , like wires .
Electric signals start in nerve cells and travel along these fibers to and from the brain .
A fatty substance called myelin covers and protects the fibers .
Myelin works in the same way that protective coverings work on electric wires .
In patients with M - S , the myelin becomes infected .
It swells , or grows larger , and loses its connection with the nerve fibers .
As time passes , the unconnected myelin is destroyed .
Hardened tissue called scar tissue then forms over the nerve fibers .
The process of hardening is called sclerosis .
The word is from Latin and means scar .
The many areas of hardened or scar tissue give the disease its name .
VOICE ONE :
In people with M - S , when nerve signals reach a damaged area , some of the signals are blocked or delayed from traveling to or from the brain .
This results in problems in different places throughout the body .
These problems may appear and then disappear , sometimes resulting in long periods when there are no problems at all .
Or , they may happen more and more often and become worse .
Doctors do not know what causes this process .
Health experts say the disease affects women two times as often as men .
And the experts say the average age of people found to have the disease is between twenty and forty years old .
( MUSIC )
VOICE TWO :
For many years , doctors believed that the cause of multiple sclerosis was environmental .
They believed this because a majority of those suffering from the disease lived in northern Europe and the northern half of the United States .
In recent years , however , they have changed their beliefs about the causes of M-S .
Studies support the theory that there are several causes of multiple sclerosis , instead of a single gene problem or one environmental cause .
The studies appear to show that genetic problems are involved in making people likely to get the disease .
The studies also appear to show that environmental causes such as viruses or bacteria also may be involved .
However , researchers have not identified just what those causes might be .
Another likely cause is a problem within the body¡¯s defense system , when the defense system misunderstands signals and attacks the body .
VOICE ONE :
Multiple sclerosis is different from many other diseases .
The signs or symptoms of the disease are not always the same .
Sometimes symptoms of M - S appear and then disappear for a long time .
For example , one of the symptoms is a lack of feeling in one part of the body or another .
Two other symptoms of the disease are muscle weakness or tiredness .
However , these signs also could be caused by other health problems that are not M - S .
Other signs include a loss of the ability to move normally , or a loss of balance .
A person suffering from M - S also may have difficulty seeing well or speaking clearly .
VOICE TWO :
Doctors who suspect a patient has M - S must carry out a number of tests and study the patient¡¯s history of health problems .
Signs of M - S can depend on where the nerve scars are in the body¡¯s central nervous system .
And some of these signs are not always easy to see .
Magnetic Resonance Imaging is one way to tell if a patient has multiple sclerosis .
The test , also known as M - R - I , involves studying the magnetic signals from all the cells in the body .
An M - R - I can show if there are scars from M - S along a patient¡¯s nerves .
A doctor can use this test to tell if a patient might have the disease , as well as by studying the patient¡¯s medical history .
( MUSIC )
VOICE ONE :
There are five main kinds of multiple sclerosis .
The first kind is called Benign .
This is the form of M - S that is not progressive .
In ten to fifteen percent of M - S patients , the symptoms are moderate and not severe .
The problems do not grow worse .
They do not lead to a person becoming permanently disabled .
The second kind of M - S is called Relapsing - Remitting .
About eighty - five percent of M - S patients begin with this form of the disease .
More than half of M - S patients have this form at any one time .
These patients have one or two major M - S - related problems every one to three years .
Then they have periods with no signs of the disease .
The symptoms appear suddenly and last a few weeks or months before slowly disappearing .
However , the signs of the disease may become worse each time they appear .
VOICE TWO :
The third kind of M - S is called Primary Progressive .
In this form of M - S , the signs of the disease appear and begin to grow worse , with no periods of disappearance .
About ten to fifteen percent of patients begin their struggle with M - S this way .
The fourth kind of M - S is called Secondary Progressive .
This form of the disease affects
about fifty percent of those with the Relapse - Remitting form of M - S .
It begins to affect them several years after they have had Relapse - Remitting M - S .
When the disease changes to Secondary Progressive , the disease begins to grow worse and worse .
The fifth kind of M - S is called Progressive Relapsing .
It is the worst form of multiple sclerosis .
New signs of M - S can appear while existing ones grow worse .
This form of the disease is rare .
It affects only five percent of M - S cases .
VOICE ONE :
Scientists say multiple sclerosis does not appear to be passed from parents to children .
However , it does appear to be found in families .
As many as twenty percent of people with M - S have at least one affected family member .
And , people whose close family members have the disease have as much as a forty percent chance of also developing M-S .
It does not appear that one gene is responsible for M - S. Instead , several genes may increase the possibility that a person will develop M-S .
Common viruses or bacteria may also increase the chances that some people will develop the disease .
As with many diseases , early discovery and treatment can make a major difference in a person¡¯s life .
VOICE TWO :
M - S does not always result in severe disability .
Many people are able to live normal lives .
There is no cure for multiple sclerosis .
However , there are new treatments for M - S that ease the symptoms of the disease .
Some new treatments also can slow the progression of the disease .
Several kinds of drugs are used to treat M - S. Some drugs reduce the swelling in nerve tissue .
Drugs known as beta interferons also are used to treat M - S. Interferons are genetically engineered copies of proteins found naturally in the body .
These proteins help fight viral infections and help the body¡¯s defense system against disease .
Some M- S patients inject these beta interferon drugs .
However , this treatment is very costly .
And some patients develop side effects .
Scientists around the world are working to develop new treatments for M - S. Researchers in the United States are carrying out more than twelve studies of possible treatments .
Doctors are hopeful that new treatments will help patients with multiple sclerosis in the future .
( THEME )
VOICE ONE :
This SCIENCE IN THE NEWS program was written by Oliver Chanler .
This is Steve Ember .
VOICE TWO :
And this is Sarah Long .
Join us again next week for more news about science in Special English on the Voice of America .
-----
This Science Report is published courtesy of VOAnews.com
Hey guys and girls .
We cannot post this on the mainpage ( yet ) but we do n't want to hold you back , so we want to introduce you to the official 2009.08 images .
These images are the first fruits of our new arch - releng build environment on the sevenL server .
They are built from a current snapshot of core , which includes kernel 2.6.30.4 - 1 , udev 141- 5 and pacman 3.3.0 - 2 .
Changes compared to 2009.02 :
- more up - to - date software ( see above )
- usage of new AIF installer , which brings :
* better disk editor with support for dm_crypt and lvm setups
* support for automated installations using config files ( deprecates quickinst )
* a framework to build your own installation procedures
* better date / time setting with ntp support
* refactored grub installation routines
* usability improvements
- aufs instead of unionfs
- enhanced boot device detection on image start
- ftp images are renamed to netinstall to avoid confusion
- bugfixes ( xfs freeze , mirror setting , clock correctness , network settings , ...)
- and much more ...
detailed package list and additional snapshot information
As you can see , just like with 2009.02 there have been some huge changes .
We should be more settled now and hopefully it will be more straightforward to build snapshots in the future .
Time will tell ;-) .
As usual , the images come in iso and img flavors , with grub and isolinux for people whose cd-rom drive does n't work with grub
Due to all mentioned changes , the installation guide will get a bunch of changes in a few minutes
The new guide is for now only available in English but we 'll add other versions when we receive translated versions .
We cannot update the download page yet , but most mirrors have these images and torrent files ( with webseed support ) in their iso directory .
60 Pages Posted : 16 Feb 2009
Last revised : 4 Aug 2010
Date Written : June 2 , 2010
Abstract
This study examines empirically whether individuals consider their perceptions of potential counterparties ' trustworthiness when deciding to transact in an environment with extensive contract enforcement mechanisms .
This is a non-trivial empirical question because , as observed by Carlin , Dorobantu , and Viswanathan ( 2009 ) , in the presence of adequate contracts and enforcement mechanisms , trust need not affect market outcomes at all .
We find that borrowers who are perceived as less trustworthy are economically and significantly less likely to have their loan requests filled .
This result provides support to a growing literature in finance that suggests that trust could play a causal role in stock market participation , the lack of diversification in investors ' asset allocation , as well as the pattern of cross - border investments .
" This is not the end of the fight , " Andrew Jay Schwartzmann , president and chief executive officer of the Media Access Project , a nonprofit policy advocacy group , said in a statement .
" Big cable 's anti-competitive ownership structure has increased prices and limited choices for the American public .
Therefore , we will consult with the FCC on whether Supreme Court review is feasible .
If not , we 'll be asking Congress to pass new legislation to ensure more choice and lower prices for cable TV service . "
Imagine a politician claiming that the best response to a bombing in Indonesia was to invade Afghanistan .
We ’d think they were perfectly mad .
Imagine a parallel universe where Australian soldiers were n’t already fighting in Oruzgan province .
Imagine , in that alternative reality , a terrorist bomb struck the Marriot Hotel in Jakarta .
If , under those circumstances , a politician claimed that the best response to a bombing in Indonesia was to invade Afghanistan , we ’d think they were perfectly mad .
But that ’s the bizarro world we inhabit , with the Prime Minister offering the Jakarta attacks as evidence for the necessity of war thousand of miles away .
The argument , insofar as there is one , holds that , in the past Afghanistan provided a training ground for terrorists and , so if left to its own devices , it might become one again .
But the people behind the Jakarta blasts do n’t need to take trips to Afghanistan .
There ’s a much more convenient training ground at their disposal — it ’s called Indonesia .
Yes , the bombers might admire Islamist struggles elsewhere in the world .
But that vague ideological affinity remains much less important to the growth of Jemaah Islamiyah than conditions at home .
In other words , the solution of Islamist terrorism in Indonesia lies in Indonesia , rather than Afghanistan .
How could it possibly be otherwise ?
But for the sake of argument , let ’s suppose that Indonesian terrorists really did require overseas training .
In that case , would n’t the war make Afghanistan more rather than less attractive ?
Was n’t that how al Qaeda originally spread — with militants coming , not to train but to fight ?
Insofar as there is a link between JI and Afghanistan , it was forged by Indonesian recruits coming to battle against the Soviets in the 1980s .
Is n’t it entirely possible that something similar might be taking place now ?
In any case , the problem with pitching the Afghan war as a campaign to deny training grounds to terrorists is that it will do nothing of the sort .
Even if the US - led coalition wins in Afghanistan , no - one seriously thinks that the country will suddenly become Sweden .
Why , if Washington could implant a regime in Kabul capable of exercising some kind of control over the capital and surrounding regions , well , from where things are now , that would be a famous victory .
But it would still leave plenty of places in Afghanistan where terrorists could train — and plenty of people prepared to train them .
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
Consider the forthcoming elections , which provide some hint of what a future Afghanistan will resemble .
The Prime Minister Hamid Karzai is seeking a third term , but now faces a stiff challenge from former foreign finance minister , Ashraf Ghani .
Ghani ’s slogan ?
He wants a three - year cease - fire with the Taliban — a proposal that recent polls suggest [ PDF ] that 64 per cent of Afghans support .
That ’s presumably why Karzai — the man the West has been propping up for years — has shifted ground .
He ’s nominated as running mate a certain Mohammed Qasim Fahim , a man accused by human rights groups of kidnapping , drug- running , murder and other war crimes .
In response to criticisms of Fahim , Karzai has denounced “ outside [ that is , Western ] influence ” in Afghanistan — and has promised that he too will seek negotiations with the Taliban !
Now , whether or not the Taliban wants to negotiate is , of course , an entirely different question .
But , in a context where there ’s very little ideological difference between the Northern Alliance warlords the West supports and the Taliban warlords the West fights , the idea that whatever Afghan government emerges out of this war will have no links with hardcore Islamists is pure fantasy .
Mind you , fantasy now dominates what passes for discussion about Afghanistan in Australia .
For instance , in the Daily Telegraph , Ian McPhedran explains why we fight war like this :
“ Nobody is safe , no country is immune and that is why it is vital to attack the virus at its source .
The campaign is not even about winning and losing , in any normal sense .
It is about maintaining security and prosperity to the best extent that we can .
“ To the extremists , 19 unarmed Western businessmen attending a hotel meeting are as much of a target as a heavily armed soldier on patrol in Oruzgan province .
“ Until the zealots are dead and the moderates are accommodated , there will be no peace .
Australians will continue to die in the dust of Afghanistan and inside luxury hotels in Jakarta . ”
Got that ?
We ’re in Afghanistan to kill zealots .
Well , perhaps McPhedran could take a look at the electoral list and nominate which likely Afghan prime minister we need to kill first .
There ’s no magic solutions to terrorism .
Of course there ’s not .
But would happen if the Australian resources being thrown into the Afghan crusade went to , say , helping Indonesia bolster its education system , so that impoverished families did n’t need to rely on the religious schools that indoctrinate kids into Islamism ?
Would that make a difference ?
Well , you could n’t guarantee it .
But helping Indonesia build a functioning civil society seems infinitely more likely to prevent bomb attacks in Jakarta than persisting with this brutal war in Afghanistan .
He has already ordered an increase of 21,000 troops , which will bring the American total to 68,000 , and will be considering a request for more troops that is about to come from Gen.
Stanley McChrystal , the commander of American and NATO forces in Afghanistan .
These will be troops heading into the flames of a no - win situation .
We ’re fighting on behalf of an incompetent and hopelessly corrupt government in Afghanistan .
If our ultimate goal , as the administration tells us , is a government that can effectively run the country , protect its own population and defeat the Taliban , our troops will be fighting and dying in Afghanistan for many , many years to come .
Image Bob Herbert
And they will be fighting and dying in a particularly unforgiving environment .
Afghanistan is a mountainous , mostly rural country with notoriously difficult , lonely and dangerous roads  a pitch - perfect environment for terrorists and guerrillas .
Linda Bilmes , a professor at Harvard ’s John F. Kennedy School of Government , has been working with the Nobel laureate Joseph Stiglitz to document the costs of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
She told me :
“ The cost per troop of keeping the troops in Afghanistan is higher than the cost in Iraq because of the really difficult overland supply route and the heavy dependence on airlifting all kinds of supplies .
There has been such a lot of trouble with the security of the supplies , and that , of course , becomes even more complicated the more troops you put in .
So we ’re estimating that , on average , the cost per troop in Afghanistan is at least 30 percent higher than it is in Iraq . ”
The thought of escalating our involvement in Afghanistan reminded me of an exchange that David Halberstam described in “ The Best and the Brightest . ”
It occurred as plans were being developed for the expansion of U.S. involvement in Vietnam .
McGeorge Bundy , who served as national security adviser to Presidents Kennedy and Johnson , showed some of the elaborate and sophisticated plans to one of his aides .
The aide was impressed , but also concerned .
Slide 1 of 12 ,
Roberta Smith writes : " With their first public artwork in Manhattan , which went up at the northwest corner of Houston Street and the Bowery on July 17 , the Brazilian brothers Otavio and Gustavo Pandolfo , who call themselves Os Gêmeos , bring graffiti art to its Rococo phase . "
Justin Maxon / The New York Times
In the days before the development of the IMF's S.D.R. , or Special Drawing Rights , which was a preliminary attempt at a international currency and a way for governments to push gold away as a primary form of wealth / asset equivalency , there were discussions on what the role of the international community would be i ) with regard to promoting the SDR as a globally accepted " currency " and ii ) and more relevantly , how to retain dominance over the critical gold market by not just the US ( represented in this case by the Federal Reserve ) but by its core international counterparties .
A recently declassified telegram to the Secretary of State sent in 1968 , has some very distrubring revelations to gold " conspiracy theorists " who believe there could be an international arrangement to maintain a control over gold prices in the international arena .
This is especially true as the G - 20 meets currently in Pittsburgh behind closed doors .
Could gold be one of the issues discussed ?
We particularly bring readers ' attention to paragraph 13 in the telegram below , which present some troubling revelations ( emphasis ours ) :
If we want to have a chance to remain the masters of gold an international agreement on the rules of the game as outlined above seems to be a matter of urgency .
We would fool ourselves in thinking that we have time enough to wait and see how the S.D.R.'s will develop .
In fact , the challenge really seems to be to achieve by international agreement within a very short period of time what otherwise could only have been the outcome of a gradual development of many years .
Furthermore , apparently 41 years ago the Plunge Protection Team had a more affectionate name ( paragraph 11 )
Special attention has to be given to the extent of the membership of the reshuffle club .
A simple and effective rule probably would be that countries with asset holdings that are higher in relation to their gold holdings than the relation that is obtained amongst reshuffling countries are free not to participate in the reshuffles .
On the other hand , countries whose asset holdings are relatively low ( and whose gold holdings , therefore , are relatively high ) should be obliged to submit themselves to the reshuffles .
Indeed , this obligation seems so essential that it would have to become part and parcel of the new reserve asset scheme .
Also notable is the following disclosure ( paragraph 3 ) :
It is unlikely that the international monetary system could stand one or two more speculative crises like we have had last November and December during which gold losses were more than $ 1600 million .
This is so because the point may be reached at which the speculation would reinforce itself in a cumulative way .
Apart from this it is uncertain that members of the pool would be willing to go on supporting the market for such big amounts .
Oh really ?
" Go on supporting " presumably means they currently are supporting it ?
With the push for Fed transparency , could this one point get some additional insight , since if over 40 years ago the Fed , and the members of the gold " Pool " were openly intervening in the gold market , one can only imagine what the situation is now , especially with hundreds of trillions of new assets having been built on top of the Gold core of the inverted liquidity triangle ?
In a nutshell - gold as an asset class is critical as it lies at the foundation of the entire credit / liquidity inverse expansion pyramid as presented by John Exter :
Control the gold , and you control the entire monetary system .
For some historical Zero Hedge observations on gold , liquidity , and the dollar interplay , please see here .
Entire declassified telegram presented below :
big hat tip to Geoffrey Batt
( CNN ) -- Michael Jackson was one of the most famous people in the world .
Yet for all his global fame , the man himself was shrouded in mystery .
Michael Jackson in 2001 , during the time period he was recording conversations with Shmuley Boteach .
Now some of that mystery has been peeled away .
Jackson recorded about 30 hours of deeply personal thoughts with his friend and spiritual adviser , Rabbi Shmuley Boteach , between August 2000 and April 2001 .
The results are the basis of a new book , " The Michael Jackson Tapes : A Tragic Icon Reveals His Soul in Intimate Conversation . "
Boteach joined CNN's Larry King in an interview aired Monday night that painted the pop star as a lonely , injured soul who craved adoration and love but was too damaged to find it .
Boteach 's recordings also revealed Jackson 's relationships with various family members and celebrities -- some of which were warm , others tense and others painful and dysfunctional .
When Jackson was recording his tapes , Madonna was not held in high esteem .
" She is not a nice person , " Jackson told Boteach .
Jackson revealed how he and Madonna had bickered about where they would socialize .
" Madonna laid the law down to me before we went out .
[ She said ] I am not going to Disneyland , OK ?
That 's out , " Jackson said .
" I said , ' I did n't ask to go to Disneyland . '
She said , ' We are going to the restaurant .
And afterwards , we are going to a strip bar . '
" I said , ' I am not going to a strip bar , where they cross dress .
... I am not going to there .
If that 's how it is , forget this whole thing .
...
Afterwards , she wrote some mean things about me in the press .
And I wrote that she is a nasty witch , after I was so kind to her , " Jackson said .
King asked Boteach whether Jackson 's opinion might have moderated on Madonna , especially in light of her warm comments at his memorial service .
" Well , let 's be very fair to Madonna , " Boteach said .
" These comments by Michael were said about his experiences with Madonna years and years ago , when she had an extremely testy public image .
She was the Material Girl , the bad girl .
And I think Michael was reacting to that . "
Jackson had much more loving things to say about celebrity pal Brooke Shields and ex-wife Lisa Marie Presley .
" [ Brooke ] was one of the loves of my life .
I think she loved me as much as I loved her , " Jackson said .
" You know , we dated a lot . "
Jackson went on to describe his first meeting with Shields and how thrilled he was that the woman whose picture was up on his walls invited him to a party after the Academy Awards .
" So we get to the after - party , she comes up to me and she goes , ' Will you dance with me ? " and I went , ' Yes , I will dance with you . '
So we went on the dance floor and we danced , " Jackson said .
" And , man , we exchanged numbers and ... I was up all night singing , spinning around in my room , just so happy , you know .
It was great . "
Boteach said Jackson simultaneously held women in reverence and awe yet harbored deep suspicions about their motivations and his perceived their use of sexuality to achieve their goals .
Those feelings did n't extend to Presley , however .
Boteach played one of his conversations on this subject for King :
Jackson : " Women can do some things that make guys very unhappy .
I see it with my brothers .
I see my brothers crying in tears and pulling the grass out of the lawn out of frustration because of their wives . "
Boteach : " Do you think all their wives were interested more in their success than in them ? "
Jackson : " Absolutely .
They were after their money .
That 's why I said to myself , ' I 'll never be married . '
I held out the longest .
I stayed at home until I was 27 , 28 . "
Boteach : " What was part of the attraction to Lisa Marie ?
That she had her own money ?
She had her own fame .
You knew it was n't about any of that . "
Jackson : " Absolutely .
She did n't take a penny , did n't want anything . "
Jackson also talked on the tapes about his complicated relationships with his parents , especially his father , Joe Jackson .
Jackson described physical abuse at the hands of his father , including being stripped and oiled down before beatings with a iron cord .
" He would just whip you all over your face , your back , everywhere , " Jackson told Boteach .
" I would just give up , like there was nothing I could do , you know .
And I hated him for it .
I hated him . "
In a recent appearance on " Larry King Live , " Joe Jackson denied ever physically abusing Michael .
Jackson also told Boteach that he and his sister Janet , as children , would pretend that their father was dead and make a game of how they 'd react to his death .
Michael said he'd ask Janet to picture their father in a coffin , and would ask her if that made her sad .
She would repeatedly say it would n't , Michael said .
Yet there was more to the father - son relationship .
Michael also said he gave a lot of credit to his father for his entertainment success and always held out hope for reconciliation and a loving relationship .
Boteach recalled one conversation he overheard when Michael called his father on the phone :
" I 'm going to tell the world how you were responsible for my success .
You taught me .
You were a great manager , " he recalls Jackson telling his father .
" You taught me how to perform .
You inspired me .
You motivated me . "
Boteach said that complicated relationship was at the root of many of Michael Jackson 's problems and his obsession about children .
" I 'm not here to judge Joe Jackson .
He was raising nine children , " Boteach told King .
" But there can be no question that the devastating illustration given by Michael explains so much of his brokenness .
Michael shared this , holding a tape recorder to his mouth , because he wanted the world to judge him more charitably . "
Boteach said he ultimately broke off his relationship with the singer because he felt like Jackson was going down a self - destructive path and did n't want Boteach 's advice or help .
The tapes also revealed other fascinating glimpses of the singer 's psyche and thoughts :
• In one of the most stunning exchanges , Jackson suggests that he could have transformed Adolf Hitler 's heart if he could have had an hour alone with the Nazi dictator .
• On then - meteoric Britney Spears : " I do n't believe that she 'll have any great longevity in the public eye because she does n't understand the power of mystery . "
• On his first girlfriend , Tatum O'Neal : " When I held Tatum 's hand ... it was the most magical thing .
It was better than kissing her . "
• On being at the deathbed of Ryan White , the young boy who tugged at the nation 's heart during his struggle with AIDS : " I took care of him .
He stayed at my house .
... I said , ' Ryan , I promise to you I would do something in your honor on my next album .
I will create a song for you .
I will sing it .
I want the world to know who you are . '
I did " Gone Too Soon . "
That was for him . "
• On his regard for children : " I would throw in the towel if it were n't for children and babies , you know .
...
I 've said it before , if it was n't for children , I would choose death .
I mean that with all my heart . "
Despite the break in his relationship with Jackson , Boteach said he had high regard for the singer and the lessons they both learned during their sessions .
" The way I feel right now .
I could cry right now listening to his voice again .
You know ...
Michael was trying to share with the world that our culture thinks somehow that fame and fortune are an acceptable substitute for love and affection , " Boteach said .
" But Michael discovered that these are empty gifts that leave you bereft . "
All About Michael Jackson • Madonna ( Entertainer ) • Brooke Shields
LONDON , U.K. —
It has survived the worst of the financial crisis , weathered conflict in Afghanistan and shrugged off an embarrassing parliamentary expenses scandal , but the resolute leadership of British Prime Minister Gordon Brown this week looked like it was finally crumbling — over cookies .
With an election looming in early 2010 , Brown has been out on the campaign trail , trying to reverse a plunge in popularity by persuading his jaded public that the media has unfairly miscast him as an aloof and gloomy leader beset by indecision over key issues .
So it was that the prime minister , in the role of a friendly man - of - the - people , joined a Q and A session with subscribers to parental advice website Mumsnet , little suspecting that what was intended as a cozy chat would become a storm in that most British of institutions : a teacup .
Happy to talk about weighty matters such as education , climate change and the economy , a loquacious Brown easily parried most of the questions but stumbled over a disarmingly simple topic raised by one curious mother :
What 's your favorite biscuit ?
Not to be confused with the floury companion to gravy often found on plates in the southern United States , biscuits are what the British call cookies — or at least they do when they 're not referring to them by bizarre and unappetizing brand names , of which there are hundreds .
Workplaces across the U.K. would grind to a halt unless fueled by Hobnobs , Ginger Nuts , Digestives and Custard Creams , with consumption levels reflecting not only the quirks of a country of tea drinkers but also their need to compensate for such a wet national beverage .
While it should therefore be no surprise that the voters of Britain would be thirsty for news of what their leader dunks in his morning brew , Brown clearly thought the matter too flippant and ignored it , despite being asked by Mumsnet readers no fewer than 12 times .
" Maybe he needs to consult with his advisers on what would be the most vote - winning biscuit to admit to liking , " wrote one Mumsnet member , as the prime minister wrapped up his 70 - minute chat , brushed non-existent crumbs from his lap and headed home to Downing Street .
But the questioning did n't stop .
Reporters quickly took up the baton , pestering his press people for an answer .
The following day Brown 's biscuit breakdown made front page in the London Times .
The right wing tabloid Daily Mail , somewhat predictably , called it " Biscuitgate . "
Daily Telegraph columnist Judith Woods could barely contain her outrage , writing : " Let 's be blunt .
Not having a favorite biscuit is unnatural — freakishly so . "
" While it 's entirely possible to negotiate adult life without a favorite football team or holiday destination , only robots ( and Gordon Brown ) can't name their favorite biscuit .
Which possibly tells us all we need to know about our beleaguered premier . "
Meanwhile the prime minister 's rivals stepped in to make public their own preferences : carefully considered selections suggesting that perhaps Brown , who styles himself as a spin - free no -nonsense politician , was wise to take advice rather than shoot from the hip .
Conservative Party leader David Cameron , whose elitist background could prove anathema to many voters , opted for a rather austere oatcake , while Nick Clegg of the Liberal Democrats , another politician often derided as " too posh to be in power " selected a low - cost Rich Tea .
Like even the toughest cookie when put under pressure , Brown eventually snapped .
Less than 24 hours after his Mumsnet appearance , the prime minister admitted via Twitter that he liked " absolutely anything with a bit of chocolate on it " although he is trying to cut down .
But Cameron would not let the issue lie .
Days later he used the boisterous weekly debate of prime minister 's parliamentary question time to declare that Brown 's biscuit indecision undermined his ability to go on governing .
" Are we really going to spend another six months with a prime minister who cannot give a straight answer , cannot pass his own legislation , who sits in his bunker not even able to decide what sort of biscuits he wants to eat ? " he asked the House of Commons .
With the matter still a topic of fevered water cooler ( or water heater at tea times ) discussions in offices across the country , Cameron 's comical comments have a serious edge .
But whether Biscuitgate will be responsible for choosing Britain 's next leader is something perhaps better left for fortune cookies to predict .
Tent City America : Sacramento , Seattle , Olympia , Nashville , Reno , St. Petersburg , NYC , … where next ?
As San Diego closes its winter shelter for our local homeless , nation - wide the homeless , joined by the jobless , are erecting tent cities .
Among the cities which are grappling with an increasing number of tent city residents are Fresno , Sacramento and Los Angeles in California , New York City , Seattle and Olympia in Washington , and St. Petersburg in Florida .
On Wednesday , California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger announced on Wednesday the transfer of the Sacramento tent city with 125 persons to a nearby fairground .
Sacramento tent city still there – and they do n’t want to move .
First there was Oprah .
Then the rest .
The media siege at Sacramento tent city has now been running for three weeks .
Network vans , international press and national newsteams .
They are all visiting the wasteland under the power lines next to the Blue Diamond Almond Factory .
[ For the remainder of this article , go here . ]
In California , the city of Sacramento ’s desire to move scores of homeless people out of a tent city is meeting some resistance .
[ For the remainder of this article , go here . ]
Nickelsville : Seattle ’s Homeless Name New Tent City After City ’s Mayor
An encampment is made up of over a hundred pink tents and is named to protest Seattle Mayor Greg Nickel ’s policies around the homeless .
[ For remainder of this article , go here . ]
Olympia WA – Effort to restrict tent cities sponsored by churches fought
A bill clamping down on local governments ’ restrictions on church - run encampments for the homeless could hit a snag in the state Senate , where it received conflicting testimony Friday in a committee hearing .
The measure is sponsored by Democratic Rep. Brendan Williams of Olympia .
It comes in response to ordinances that Lacey and east King County cities have adopted to restrict such encampments on church property .
Nashville grapples with tent city and homeless
Nashville , Tennessee has its own problems with tent cities .
According to NewsChannel5.com , Nashville has one large tent city south of the downtown area , with at least thirty additional homeless camps scattered throughout the region .
There is a concern about this “ huge surge in the number of encampments , ” and the issue has reached “ urgent ” proportions .
Attributing the rise in homelessness to the faltering economy that brings with it increased foreclosures and job layoffs , city officials are seeking answers – and fast – to their local homeless crisis .
[ This is part of a larger article , go here for entire post . ]
Reno closed one tent city , now faces possibility of another
Homeless people have started camping on the sidewalk outside Reno ’s homeless shelter downtown .
The crowd on Record Street with their sleeping bags and tarps are here during the day because they ’re not allowed to loiter on the grounds around the shelter .
The City of Reno cracked down a bit because of feedback from some homeless and volunteers who visit the area .
“ They felt unsafe because of the sheer number of people that were kind of hanging out . ”
[ For remainder of post , go here . ]
The tent city in Fresno has nearly 2,000 in 3 camps
The tent city in Fresno has about 2,000 people spread in three major camps near downtown and two highways .
New appointed Fresno homeless prevention and policy manager
Gregory Barfield said the city will conduct surveys in the three camps to find out how many dwellers need services and permanent housing .
See our earlier post on Fresno ’s tent city .
___________
According to Michael Stoops , executive director of the National Coalition for the Homeless , majority of the people living in these shanty towns were minimum wage earners whose income used to be provide a roof over their head .
Included in the numbers are children of the workers .
A report released early this month by the coalition estimated there are 1.5 million homeless children in the U.S. Together with their families 75 percent of the number were concentrated in 11 states during the period 2005 to 2006 .
The report reckons 2.4 million to 3.5 million Americans will experience becoming homeless at least once a year .
Among the measures that the coalition has proposed to the Obama administration is to set aside $ 10 billion in the next two years as capital for the National Housing Trust Fund which will rehabilitate or construct 100,000 rental units for the lowest income households .
Another is the release of $ 3.6 billion new Housing Voucher totaling 400,000 over the next 24 months .
Shutterstock
IRAN has again failed to do deadlines .
It has been evading them in the seven years since an opposition group first outed its extensive covert nuclear programme , despite five UN Security Council resolutions that have told it to halt its suspect nuclear work .
After talks that ended in Vienna on October 21st , Iran and the three countries trying to strike a side - deal over new fuel for a Tehran - based nuclear reactor were told by Mohamed ElBaradei , outgoing chief of the UN 's nuclear guardian , that they had just two days to take his draft agreement or leave it .
On time , on October 23rd , the United States , Russia and France all made clear that they would agree to his proposal that would keep in operation a research reactor that makes medical isotopes .
But Iran failed to answer beyond saying that it needs until the middle of next week to provide a response .
That could indicate division within the Iranian regime on what to do or , at least as likely , that Iran intends to reject the offer but will string along the others for now .
America 's government responded to Iran 's missing the deadline by saying “ we wo n't wait forever ” .
Outright rejection of the deal could lead to calls for new sanctions , perhaps including restrictions on trade in petrol .
The reactor - fuel plan , originally an American idea , would involve putting 1,200kg of Iran 's low - enriched uranium from the stockpile it has been accumulating at its main enrichment plant at Natanz into the custody of the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , the UN 's watchdog , by the end of the year .
The agency would get it to Russia by mid-January for further enrichment ; reactors like the one in Tehran run on uranium fuel that is enriched to 19.75 % , rather than under 5 % , the level needed for civilian power reactors that Iran has mastered thus far .
From there the uranium would go to France for fabrication into fuel rods , then eventually back to Iran , starting in December 2010 , in time to keep the Tehran reactor going .
France 's foreign minister , Bernard Kouchner , had insisted the uranium , about 75 % of Iran 's production so far , be got out of the country by the end of the year in a single batch , rather than in dribs over months .
While the enrichment machines at Natanz keep spinning , that would still only temporarily deplete Iran 's reserves .
These are by now sufficient to produce about one bomb 's - worth of uranium , though only if re-enriched to about 90 % .
But the deal would deprive Iran of any justification for enriching to higher levels itself .
Iran had wanted to exclude France from the deal .
That was “ either clueless or malign ” , suggested a Western official .
Apart from America , which supplied the Tehran reactor in the 1960s , only France and Argentina can make the right fuel rods .
Argentina refuses to be involved , as Iran has appointed as defence minister an official it holds responsible for an atrocity in 1994 , when a Jewish community centre in Argentina was blown up , killing more than 80 people .
Meanwhile , after a three - week delay at Iran 's insistence , UN nuclear inspectors were due to visit a uranium - enrichment plant which until recently had been concealed .
It is built deep in a mountainside on a military compound near the city of Qom .
Inspectors need more than a look at Qom 's machinery .
They require access to documents and people too .
But Iran has refused such co-operation elsewhere .
Nor will it answer questions about activities that have little rationale except for bomb - building .
And it is dragging its feet over a next date for wider talks with America , three European governments , Russia and China , who are trying to divine its real nuclear intent .
Parent alert : the Walt Disney Company is now offering refunds for all those “ Baby Einstein ” videos that did not make children into geniuses .
They may have been a great electronic baby sitter , but the unusual refunds appear to be a tacit admission that they did not increase infant intellect .
“ We see it as an acknowledgment by the leading baby video company that baby videos are not educational , and we hope other baby media companies will follow suit by offering refunds , ” said Susan Linn , director of Campaign for a Commercial - Free Childhood , which has been pushing the issue for years .
Baby Einstein , founded in 1997 , was one of the earliest players in what became a huge electronic media market for babies and toddlers .
Acquired by Disney in 2001 , the company expanded to a full line of books , toys , flashcards and apparel , along with DVDs including “ Baby Mozart , ” “ Baby Shakespeare ” and “ Baby Galileo . ”
Extending objects with new methods at runtime
With the advent of PHP 5.3 adding new methods to an instance of a class at runtime becomes possible with PHP as well , using anonymous functions and a little bit of __call ( ) magic .
First , let 's define a new class ( boring old foo , bar , baz example for lack of fantasy ) :
class Foo { public function bar ( ) { echo " This is Foo : : bar ( )
" ; } }
As you surely already know you can add public properties to an instance at any time :
$ foo = new Foo ( ) ; $ foo -> baz = ' Hello World . '` ;
We can use this to store an anonymous function :
$ foo = new Foo ( ) ; $ foo - > baz = function ( ) { echo " This is Foo : : \$ baz ( )
" ; } ;
Unfortunately , we are not able to call this as a method :
$ foo -> baz ( ) ;
This will blow up with a fatal error saying " Call to undefined method Foo : : baz ( ) " .
Of course we could do
$ func = $ foo -> baz ; $ func ( ) ;
but that is not what we wanted to achieve .
Let 's add some __call ( ) magic to our Foo class :
class Foo { // method bar ( ) omitted public function __call ( $ method , $ args ) { if ( isset ( $ this - > $ method ) === true ) { $ func = $ this ->$ method ; $ func ( ) ; } } }
Now we can safely call $ foo -> baz ( ) with the desired result .
However , compared to Ruby you can not redefine existing methods .
Therefore ,
$ foo -> bar = function ( ) { echo " This is Foo : : \$ bar ( )
" ; } ; $ foo -> bar ( ) ;
will still call the method Foo : : bar ( ) defined earlier and ignore the redefinition due to the nature of how __call ( ) works .
What can you do with it ?
If you use
Another use case could be a simplified version of the
If you have another good idea of what this can be used for please feel free to comment - just wanted to write my thoughts down .
While the title of this blog entry might sound rather scary to straight OO evangelists it might attract other developers - e.g. those that played around with runkit or had a look into the Ruby world where the language supports adding new methods to a class or just to an instance of a class at runtime ( see singleton methods , and this blog article ; for those not familiar with Ruby : Fixnum is a class already defined by Ruby core . )
With the advent of PHP 5.3 adding new methods to an instance of a class at runtime becomes possible with PHP as well , using anonymous functions and a little bit of __call ( ) magic .
First , let 's define a new class ( boring old foo , bar , baz example for lack of fantasy ) :
As you surely already know you can add public properties to an instance at any time :
We can use this to store an anonymous function :
Unfortunately , we are not able to call this as a method :
This will blow up with a fatal error saying " Call to undefined method Foo : : baz ( ) " .
Of course we could dobut that is not what we wanted to achieve .
Let 's add some __call ( ) magic to our Foo class :
Now we can safely call $ foo -> baz ( ) with the desired result .
However , compared to Ruby you can not redefine existing methods .
Therefore , will still call the method Foo : : bar ( ) defined earlier and ignore the redefinition due to the nature of how __call ( ) works .
What can you do with it ?
If you use duck typing this might be useful as it reduces the amount of code required for the Adapter design pattern as you just extend the instance you want to use instead of creating a separate adapter class .
The result is the same , both a full fledged adapter class and the closure can only access the public properties and methods of the instance to adapt .
Problem is , the class to adapt most likely does not have the required __call ( ) implementation .
Another use case could be a simplified version of the extension methods mechanism where you want to add a method locally without the need to have it available globally in the application .
If you have another good idea of what this can be used for please feel free to comment - just wanted to write my thoughts down .
A series of well - planned and audacious attacks on police and government installations that left at least 40 people dead across Pakistan Thursday exposed major weaknesses in the nation 's security apparatus and appeared to show Taliban insurgents gaining the upper hand .
During the course of the day , assailants in police uniform wielding guns and grenades struck at three security agency buildings in the eastern city of Lahore , leaving 28 dead .
A suicide bomber in a car killed 11 , including himself , at a police station in northwestern ...
Glenn Beck 's doing well in the ratings these days .
So well , that Bill O'Reilly does n't mind letting his viewers know what he thinks of Beck , and that Beck does n't mind letting his viewers know what he thinks of them .
Frankness ?
It 's an underrated virtue .
When these two get together , it 's usually pretty fun .
You can enjoy the quiet seething of Bill O'Reilly , who 'd probably rather have thought of Beck 's shtick first , if it were n't so beneath him .
The setup : Beck and O'Reilly are arguing about the Swine Flu shot .
Beck will not disclose whether or not he 'll get the shot .
O'Reilly will get the shot ; he thinks it 's better for the general public that he does n't infect everyone around him .
Any symbolism here is purely coincidental .
Beck jokes that his viewers are zombies .
There 's never truth in any joke , ever .
Bill O'Reilly suggests that Glenn Beck might be the highest rated pundit in sincere need of mental health care .
Thank you , Media Matters :
Click to view
Bill O'Reilly might have mixed feelings about Glenn Beck .
Members of the world 's most threatened crocodile species have been re-introduced into the wild in a scheme that many supporters had feared " could never be done " .
Fewer than 100 fully grown Philippine crocodiles survive in the wild and the species , Crocodylus mindorensis , is on the brink of extinction .
But now conservationists have released 50 juvenile Philippine crocodiles which were raised in captivity into a lake on Luzon , the largest island in the Philippines .
Crocodiles have been bred in captivity by the Philippines government since 1987 but no one had dared release any of the creatures until now .
Many conservationists said the project would not work because so many of the locals feared and hated the animals that any released crocodiles would be hunted down and slaughtered .
It finally went ahead after researchers spent a decade working with local people to convince them to allow the crocodiles to live in peace .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The larger and more deadly saltwater crocodile is also found in the Philippines and its presence has contributed to many people 's hatred of the reptiles and their eagerness to kill them .
Calling someone a crocodile in the local language is regarded as a gross insult .
Jan van der Ploeg , of Leiden University in the Netherlands , who helped lead the programme , said : " We had to make sure the threats to the species were addressed and that local people were supportive .
People still killed them out of fear , for food or for fun .
They would kill them to make sure they would n't eat livestock or children .
" That we were able to bring these animals out of the farm into the wild for the first time is a great step .
For a long time it was thought you could n't reintroduce them because of the rural population of people .
Now we have done it . "
Merlijn van Weerd of the Mabuwaya Foundation , who led the project , said : " Many conservationists had already given it up .
So apart from establishing a viable wild population of Philippine crocodiles the reintroduction also shows there is hope for Philippine biodiversity at large . "
The crocodile , which is only found in the Philippines , is much rarer than the giant panda , the orang - utan or the black rhino , he said .
The species used to be common throughout the archipelago but is now restricted to a handful of small islands .
Demand for crocodile - skin handbags and shoes during the 1960s and 1970s was a prime factor in the species being driven almost to extinction .
Other threats include the use of dynamite by fishermen to kill or stun fish , which often simultaneously kills or maims the crocodiles .
But loss of habitat is the single biggest threat , driven by destruction of the rainforests to make way for rice paddies .
The young crocodiles that were released into the wild at Lake Dicatian were about 4ft ( 1.2 m ) long and when fully grown should reach 10 ft .
Despite their fearsome armoury of flesh - tearing teeth , the animals only attack people when provoked .
Fish , shrimps , snails , rats , and snakes are their main prey but adults will take chickens and dogs if given the opportunity .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Lake Dicatian is part of the Northern Sierra Madre National Park which is the crocodile 's most important sanctuary .
It was chosen for the release in part because no humans live immediately beside it .
However , a campsite and observation tower have been built close to the lake in the hope of attracting eco-tourists to the area .
Ten of the released crocodiles were fitted with radio transmitters which allow scientists to follow the animals ' movements and see how well they adapt to their new home .
Little is known about the behaviour and needs of the species and the data is expected to provide important information that can be used to improve the success rates of future reintroductions .
The reintroduction programme is supported by several UK conservation organisations , including the Rufford Maurice Laing Foundation , which provided funding , and Flora and Fauna International .
The project is part of the Conservation Leadership Programme , a coalition of conservation organisations and BP , which is involved in schemes to help wildlife around the world .
Kiragu Mwangi of Birdlife International , one of the partner groups , said : " This is a great achievement for the project and provides hope for the future of the Philippine crocodile . "
The crocodiles released into the wild on 31 July were raised at the Palawan Wildlife Rescue and Conservation Centre and the reintroduction programme was managed by the Mabuwaya Foundation , both in the Philippines .
The recession is over , according to most economists .
Signs that the financial crisis has passed its worse days are beginning to show .
Boosted by healthcare reform , jobs in the healthcare industry especially are expected to explode in the next several months .
Career experts are encouraging U.S. workers to consider jobs as nurses , lab technicians , radiologists , and anesthesiologists .
“ Healthcare will be the place to be for stable jobs with great pay , ” says Donna Hill , a career counselor at ClassesandCareers.com , a free online information service .
“ If you take the time now to become a registered nurse or get certified as a lab tech , you will be in a very good position in just a few months .
Healthcare reform is expected to create millions of new jobs . ”
Fortunately , U.S. workers can earn healthcare degrees and certificates in a short amount of time .
Online classes make it easy to start and complete certificate programs in a matter of months .
Degree programs can be completed in 3 years or less .
This means workers can complete certificates or degrees online just in time for job growth in the healthcare industry .
“ If workers are looking for the perfect time to switch into a well - paying career , now is it , ” says Hill .
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , registered nurses make over $ 26 per hour ; vocational nurses make $ 18 per hour ; dental assistants $ 15 per hour .
Maybe you ’re ready to switch to a stable career in healthcare .
Visit and complete our form .
You will be contacted by an education advisor who will help you find the best degree or certificate program to get you into the healthcare industry fast .
Richard Heene ( C ) , his wife Mayumi ( R ) and son six - year - old Falcon Heene talk to reporters in Fort Collins , Colorado , October 15 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Rick Wilking
DENVER ( Reuters ) -
The mother of a Colorado boy thought to be aboard a homemade helium balloon has admitted to investigators the whole thing was a hoax , according to a court document made public on Friday .
The local sheriff had already said the October 15 “ Balloon Boy ” incident was a publicity stunt and expected felony charges to be filed against the 6 - year - old boy ’s parents , Richard and Mayumi Heene .
The live television images of the silver saucer - like balloon soaring through the Colorado skies captivated audiences until the boy turned up in the family ’s attic .
Public sympathy turned to outrage when the family ’s account began to unravel .
According to a copy of a search warrant affidavit posted on the website of Fort Collins newspaper “ The Coloradoan , ” Mayumi told investigators she and her husband lied to authorities and knew their son Falcon was at home as rescue teams tracked the balloon believing the boy was inside .
“ The motive for the fabricated story was to make the Heene family more marketable for future media interest , ” the affidavit states .
The document also says the Heenes , who had starred in the reality television show “ Wife Swap , ” had devised the hoax about two weeks before and had instructed their three children to lie to authorities and the media .
Without a doubt the question I ’m most often asked professionally is this : “ Why is marijuana still illegal ? ”
The common inference behind this question is that there must be some behind the scenes cabal of Big Pharma , Tobacco , and Alcohol executives conspiring to keep cannabis illegal .
By contrast , the real culprits behind pot prohibition are far more overt .
Law enforcement organizations — including cops , district attorneys , prosecutors , prison guard unions , sheriffs , and narcotics officers associations — remain the primary force working against sensible marijuana law reform .
Case in point ?
Look no further than these two egregious examples :
Los Angeles County D.A. prepares to crack down on pot outlets
via the Los Angeles Times
Los Angeles County Dist .
Atty .
Steve Cooley said Thursday he will prosecute medical marijuana dispensaries for over - the - counter sales , targeting a practice that has become commonplace under an initiative approved by California voters more than a decade ago .
“ The vast , vast , vast majority , about 100 % , of dispensaries in Los Angeles County and the city are operating illegally , they are dealing marijuana illegally , according to our theory , ” he said .
“ The time is right to deal with this problem . ”
Cooley and Los Angeles City Atty .
Carmen Trutanich recently concluded that state law bars sales of medical marijuana , an opinion that could spark a renewed effort by law enforcement across the state to rein in the use of marijuana .
It comes as polls show a majority of state voters back legalization of marijuana , and supporters are working to place the issue on the ballot next year .
Even prior to the passage of California ’s passage of Prop. 215 , cannabis dispensaries — the same sort of dispensaries that D.A. Cooley now unilaterally defines as a “ problem ” — operated openly , and without incident , in L.A. County .
Today , over 1,000 such operations exist in Los Angeles .
District Attorney Cooley has now arbitrarily declared that “ 100 % ” of these dispensaries are acting illegally based not on a court decision , but rather on his own personal anti-pot bias .
Do a majority of public of L.A. county share D.A. Cooley ’s view that open market , regulated medi - pot transactions are , in fact , a “ problem ? ”
Not at all .
Does the will of the voters actually matter to their District Attorney ?
Not at all .
According to a separate story from the Inland Valley Daily Bulletin , D.A. Cooley “ was one of dozens of guests at a recent conference … in which the topic was the ‘ eradication of medical - marijuana dispensaries in the city of Los Angeles and Los Angeles County , ’ according to a flier advertising the event hosted by the California Narcotics Officers ’ Association . ”
This , of course , would be the same California Narcotics Officers Association that just last month issued the white paper : “ California Police Chiefs Association Position Paper on the Decriminalization of Marijuana . ”
You can read the entire position paper here ( Have a potent anti-emetic handy ! ) , but here ’s some excerpts .
“ Proposition 215 , the Compassionate Use Act , was passed by California voters in 1996 on a ballot initiative promoted by those who subscribe to the idea that all drug use should be legalized . ”
“ It has become clear , despite the claims of use by critically ill people that only about 2 % of those using crude Marijuana for medicine are critically ill .
[ Editor ’s note : Predictably , no statements , including this bogus percentage , are actually cited with any supporting documentation . ]
The vast majority of those using crude Marijuana as medicine are young and are using the substance to be under the influence of THC and have no critical medical condition .
…
Marijuana is being abused by people who have no serous medical condition and simply like to be intoxicated on Marijuana . ”
“ Marijuana as a smoked product has never proven to be medically beneficial and , in fact , is much more likely to harm one ’s health . ”
“ The thought of decriminalizing Marijuana or allowing taxation of Marijuana is bewildering .
The thought that a group of individuals would want to advocate for decriminalization of a substance that the state of California has deemed to be carcinogenic is alarming .
[ Editor ’s note : Alcoholic beverages and aspirin — along with over 300 other substances — are also included on California ’s Prop. 65 list of official carcinogens .
I suppose the CNOA would argue that these substances ought to be illegal as well . ]
“ The use of intoxicating and addictive substances fuels crime and destroys lives by creating addiction and dependency .
Children are victims of abuse and neglect at the hands of parents or caretakers who live in addiction .
Young adults are particularly vulnerable to addiction .
Relaxed attitudes toward drug use place them at greater risk of addiction .
Clearly legalization of Marijuana will lead to great use by those who would not use if it were not legal .
[ Editor ’s note : Virtually every study on this subject finds just the opposite outcome .
You can read summaries from a couple dozen or so here , here , and here . ]
This increased use will lead to negative outcomes . ”
“ Much as we see in the use of other controlled substances ,
people who become addicted to Marijuana and cannot afford to maintain their addiction will turn to crime in order to supply themselves with their drug of choice . ”
“ Marijuana is not and never will be good for the success , education , and well - being of our society .
When a person examines the two known abused drugs in our society , alcohol and tobacco , from a Public Health standpoint , those two substances would be recommended today to be banned .
[ Editor ’s note :
And apparently the CNOA would be in full support of such a ban . ]
The California Police Chiefs Association clearly understands that this will not occur .
But , the discussion of Marijuana is important especially in light of the money being infused by the Drug Alliance [ Editor ’s note :
Who are they ? ] and their ability to prey on unsuspecting compassionate people of our great state . ”
Who is really behind marijuana prohibition .
The answer should be obvious .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Ever since BlackBerry Messenger 5 leaked , users have been playing around with the barcode system and finding some strange and not so strange things about it .
This one however has to fall under the strange category in my opinion .
We got a tip from JJ that if you scan the barcode shown in the example of how to use the barcode system , it comes up with a rather omnious URL from a quite popular site .
Go ahead and try it out and let us know what you think .
I 'm not going to give away where exactly it takes you - but you can see that for yourself .
I will say personally , I think someone at RIM who was on the BlackBerry messenger dev team might have insomnia .
Thanks JJ !
Oxycardium Philodendron , heartleaf philodendron , Philodendron scandens Elephant Ear Philodendron , Philodendron domesticum Massangeana , cornstalk dracaena , Dracaena fragrans English Ivy , Hedera helix Spider Plant , Chlorophytum comosum Janet Craig , Janet Craig dracaena , Dracaena deremensis Warneckii , Warneck dracaena , Dracaena deremensis Weeping Fig , Ficus benjamina Golden Pothos , Epipiremnum aureum Peace Lily , Mauna loa , Spathiphyllum Selloum Philodendron , Philodendron selloum Chinese Evergreen , Aglaonema modestum Bamboo or reed palm , Chamaedorea sefritzii Snake Plant , Sansevieria trifasciata Red-edged Dracaena , Dracaena marginata
Here is a list of resources for more information on this important study :
Leave a Comment and Tell Us Your Favorite Houseplant ?
( OrganicJar )
In the late 1980s , a study by NASA and the Associated Landscape Contractors of America ( ALCA ) was conducted to find ways to purify the air for extended stays in orbiting space stations .
The study resulted in excellent news for homeowners and office workers everywhere , because it concluded that common houseplants not only make indoor spaces more attractive , they also help to purify the air !
While it 's a well known fact that plants convert carbon dioxide into oxygen through photosynthesis , the NASA / ALCA study showed that many houseplants also remove harmful elements such as trichloroethylene , benzene , and formaldehyde from the air .
The advantage that houseplants have over other plants is that they are adapted to tropical areas where they grow beneath dense tropical canopies and must survive in areas of low light .
These plants are thus ultra -efficient at capturing light , which also means that they must be very efficient in processing the gasses necessary for photosynthesis .
Because of this fact , they have greater potential to absorb other gases , including potentially harmful ones .
In the study , NASA and ALCA tested primarily for three chemicals : formaldehyde , benzene , and trichloroethylene .
Formaldehyde is used in many building materials including particle board and foam insulations .
Additionally , many cleaning products contain this chemical .
Benzene is a common solvent found in oils and paints .
Trichloroethylene is used in paints , adhesives , inks , and varnishes .
NASA noted that some plants are better than others in treating certain chemicals .
For example , English ivy , gerbera daisies , pot mums , peace lily , bamboo palm , and Mother - in - law 's Tongue were found to be the best plants for treating air contaminated with benzene .
The peace lily , gerbera daisy , and bamboo palm were very effective in treating trichloroethylene .
Additionally , NASA found that the bamboo palm , Mother - in - law 's tongue , dracaena warneckei , peace lily , dracaena marginata , golden pathos , and green spider plant worked well for filtering formaldehyde .
After conducting the study , NASA and ALCA came up with a list of the most effective plants for treating indoor air pollution .
The recommended plants are listed below .
Note that all the plants in the list are easily available from your local nursery .
They also recommend that the plants be grown in six inch containers or larger .
Source : doitgreen.org
This is funny .
Check out Ginnie Mae ’s Buy vs. Rent Calculator .
Apparently the government does n’t think house prices fall …
A better calculator is available from NYT .
Assume property prices and rents stay flat ( i.e. grow 0 % ) , it ’s still more advantageous to rent … here in NYC especially .
Even if we were n't going to be increasingly reliant on renewable power , which is prone to fluctuations , it would make a lot of sense to add energy storage to the electric grid .
That was the message provided by Imre Gyuk , who heads the US Department of Energy 's program for energy storage .
On - grid storage is frequently pitched as a way to smooth over the swings in renewable power that accompany changing weather , like a drop in sunlight or increase in the wind .
But Gyuk used his talk at last week 's EmTech meeting to argue that grid storage provides a basic level of reliability to the grid that would be valuable under any circumstances ; enabling renewable energy 's just a bonus .
Gyuk started his talk by pointing out that the US , which only has storage capacity for a bit more than two percent of its generating capacity , badly lags Europe and Japan , where the figures are 10 percent and 15 percent respectively .
It 's no surprise , he said , that the systems overseas are far more stable than the one in the states , as a few missing cycles can blow the whole system .
Most of the power outages we face in the US do n't actually last very long , meaning that most of us do n't face any consequences that are more severe than having to reset a few clocks .
Even a brief outage , however , can wreak havoc with an industrial process , where various things may sit still long enough to do things like solidify in the equipment .
Gyuk said that , although the majority of outages last less than five minutes , the hours of downtime afterwards are estimated to cost the industry a total of nearly $ 80 billion dollars annually .
Spending a small fraction of that on adding grid storage could radically reduce those expenses .
Gyuk used Texas , which has invested heavily in developing its wind capacity , as an example of why , if energy storage is good under normal circumstances , it 's essential to enable greater reliance on renewable power .
According to Gyuk , in 2008 , a sudden plunge in wind caused the state to suffer a 1400 MW drop in power in a mere 10 minutes ; only fast action by the utilities ' industrial customers , who cut their own usage quickly , bailed them out .
Events like that tend to drive up prices dramatically , but the converse also takes place when the turbines spin up .
In a single month , Texas has apparently experienced 533 instances where the grid price for electricity was negative for short periods of time .
Adding storage to the mix would not only smooth over the power disruptions , but it should significantly limit the price fluctuations , as well .
If on - grid storage is such a useful thing , why do n't we have more of it ?
According to Gyuk , the US has deployed it only where it 's absolutely needed or very convenient .
In terms of convenience , we 've primarily invested into pumped hydro storage , where water is pushed up to a reservoir when electricity is abundant , and used to drive turbines when more power is needed .
There is room to increase our capacity for pumped hydro , but land and water use issues are likely to make that a challenge .
Gyuk pointed to Fairbanks , Alaska , as a case where the potential for disruptions in the electricity supply , which comes in from Anchorage , has created an absolute need for backup .
Earlier in the decade , a 40 MW battery facility was installed there .
Thanks to the stimulus money , however , the DOE is planning on a wide variety of grid - level storage projects .
Right now , for example , the US operates only a single compressed air storage facility ;
Gyuk now has enough money to ensure two more are built .
He 's also working with Beacon Power , which makes flywheels that help modulate spikes and dips in the energy supply , to get Megawatt - scale facilities online .
A number of utilities are also planning on installing 2MW batteries ( using sodium - sulfur technology ) at substations in their distribution system .
So , the status of on - grid store is likely to be significantly different in just a few years , and Gyuk said it has the potential to be disruptive technology .
But it was an audience member who may have best explained why .
We tend to view renewable energy sources as intermittent and fossil fuels as constant supplies of power .
But there 's nothing that 's inherently constant about fossil fuels — they only seem that way because we 've built elaborate transport and storage systems that make them function as if they 're constant .
Grid scale storage has the potential to provide the equivalent infrastructure for renewable energy .
Back in August , the BBC sent a quiet notice to Ofcom asking for permission to cripple the next generation of digital television broadcasts .
The BBC had apparently been meeting " third party content owners " who had " made it clear " that they expected the corporation to find ways to violate the regulation that forbids it from encrypting free television , and it thought it had found a way .
Some background : licence - fee - paid television must be free to receive in the UK .
Unlike cable and commercial satellite signals , free - to - air television is carried on public airwaves , which broadcasters are allowed to use for free .
In return , broadcasters are expected to provide programming on those airwaves , for free .
And not just free as in " free beer " , but also free as in " free speech . "
The terms and conditions for free - to - air telly are " Do anything you want with this , provided it does n't violate copyright law . "
But big rightsholder groups – US movie studios , mostly – object to this .
They 'd prefer a " copyright - plus " regime , in which they get to invent a bunch of new copyrights for themselves , without the inconvenience of public debate or parliamentary lawmaking .
The way they do this is by slapping restrictive licence agreements on their media , or rather licence " agreements , " in inverted commas .
You do n't get to negotiate these " agreements , " they 're imposed on you , and are sometimes even invisible to you .
These rightsholder groups have a long history of trying to arm - twist the BBC into imposing restrictions on the TV that you and I are obliged to pay for .
For years , the BBC broadcast its satellite feed in encrypted form , paying an additional £ 20 m a year to run this scheme .
When the BBC decided that it was unseemly and wasteful to go on paying for encrypted satellite signals , the major studios promised a boycott of the corporation .
The boycott was short - lived : as soon as the quarterly results came in with a massive BBC - shaped hole in the studios ' income , they recanted .
After this , the studios went after Europe 's public broadcasters ( including the BBC ) by trying to create a restrictive standard for limiting what sort of equipment Europeans could use to receive , record and use free - to - air broadcast signals .
This standard , DVB CPCM , fell apart after years of acrimonious negotiation .
Now it 's back .
As the BBC readies itself to begin free - to - air high - definition broadcasts , it has petitioned Ofcom for permission to encrypt part of the broadcast signal – specifically , the data - channel that contains instructions for decoding and playing back the video .
The corporation argues that because it is n't encrypting the actual video ( just the stuff that makes it possible to watch it ) that it is n't violating the rule against encrypting its programmes .
The encryption keys necessary to decode BBC programmes will be limited to companies that agree to the terms set out in the Digital Transmission Licensing Administrator agreement , something created by a bunch of non-UK companies in co-operation with the Hollywood studios .
This agreement includes requirements to encrypt any stored programmes and any digital outputs on the device , so that anyone who wants to make a device that plugs into a DTLA - licensed box will also have to take a DTLA licence .
It 's a kind of perfect , airtight bubble in which all manufacturers are required to limit their designs to include only those features which make the big studios happy .
These limitations – on recording , storing , and moving programmes – are not the same as " what copyright allows " .
Rather , they are , " what makes the movie studios comfortable " .
I 'll say it again : the public 's deal with the BBC is : we pay you the licence fee , you give us programmes , we can do what we want with them within the confines of copyright law .
The studios promised that they would boycott US free - to - air television unless they got a version of this ( called the " Broadcast Flag " ) .
They did n't get the Broadcast Flag , and they did n't boycott .
They have shareholders to answer to , and those shareholders wo n't put up with corporate tantrums that promise no licensing revenue until the rest of the world rearranges itself to the company 's convenience .
DTLA requires that all devices be made to " resist end - user modification " .
That is , DTLA devices can't use open - source software , lest the pesky licence - fee payer alter the restrictions in the code .
Now , this wo n't stop piracy .
It wo n't even slow it down .
DTLA devices will have imperfect implementations .
These will provide gateways by which piracy - minded users can extract the video and put it on filesharing sites .
That much is a given – even the BBC admits it in its Ofcom petition ( " no system provides complete deterrent to determined hackers " – translation : this wo n't stop pirates , just honest users trying to do everyday things ) .
But what it will do is :
• Freeze out British entrepreneurs , such as the manufacturers of the Promise TV , who produce video recorders that run on open source software .
• Make all British tech firms and their users subject to the whims of the DTLA and its certification body , which is outside of Ofcom 's regulatory sphere – trading a responsible British government regulator for an untouchable offshore inter-industry body .
• Increase the cost of receiving HDTV in the UK , because EU imports wo n't work here , limiting competition .
• Generate a mountain of e-waste , because manufacturers wo n't be able to produce set - top boxes that downsample the HD signal and feed it through a digital output to existing SD tuners and recorders .
• Break existing equipment , such as HD laptop cards that have open drivers .
And , most importantly ,
• Violate the BBC 's duty to transmit clear signals to the licence - fee paying public .
The BBC 's cosy negotiation with big rightsholders and offshore manufacturers excluded the public and the free / open source software community – the very groups that blew the whistle on previous attempts to lock up the public airwaves .
It 's almost as though it wanted to limit the " stakeholders " in the room to people who would n't cause any trouble , so that it could present Ofcom with a neat and tidy agreement with no dissenting voices .
If the BBC seriously believes that it has the right to cripple licence - fee - paid TV signals , it can't do it through a secretive consultation .
Such a gigantic sea-change in the BBC 's direction – bigger than iPlayer , bigger than digital broadcast – needs to take place in the public eye , with everyone at the table .
Ofcom should send back the BBC 's petition with a failing grade – " See me after class " .
Linux Crontab : 15 Awesome Cron Job Examples
An experienced Linux sysadmin knows the importance of running the routine maintenance jobs in the background automatically .
Linux Cron utility is an effective way to schedule a routine background job at a specific time and / or day on an on - going basis .
This article is part of the on - going Productivity Tips For Geeks series .
In this article , let us review 15 awesome examples of crontab job scheduling .
Linux Crontab Format
MIN HOUR DOM MON DOW CMD
Table : Crontab Fields and Allowed Ranges ( Linux Crontab Syntax ) Field Description Allowed Value MIN Minute field 0 to 59 HOUR Hour field 0 to 23 DOM Day of Month 1- 31 MON Month field 1 - 12 DOW Day Of Week 0 - 6 CMD Command
Any command to be executed .
1. Scheduling a Job For a Specific Time
The basic usage of cron is to execute a job in a specific time as shown below .
This will execute the Full backup shell script ( full - backup ) on 10th June 08:30 AM .
Please note that the time field uses 24 hours format .
So , for 8 AM use 8 , and for 8 PM use 20 .
30 08 10 06 * /home/ramesh/full-backup
30 – 30th Minute
– 30th Minute 08 – 08 AM
– 08 AM 10 – 10th Day
– 10th Day 06 – 6th Month ( June )
– 6th Month ( June ) * – Every day of the week
2. Schedule a Job For More Than One Instance ( e.g. Twice a Day )
The following script take a incremental backup twice a day every day .
This example executes the specified incremental backup shell script ( incremental - backup ) at 11:00 and 16:00 on every day .
The comma separated value in a field specifies that the command needs to be executed in all the mentioned time .
00 11,16 * * * /home/ramesh/bin/incremental-backup
00 – 0th Minute ( Top of the hour )
– 0th Minute ( Top of the hour ) 11,16 – 11 AM and 4 PM
– 11 AM and 4 PM * – Every day
– Every day * – Every month
– Every month * – Every day of the week
3. Schedule a Job for Specific Range of Time ( e.g. Only on Weekdays )
If you wanted a job to be scheduled for every hour with in a specific range of time then use the following .
Cron Job everyday during working hours
This example checks the status of the database everyday ( including weekends ) during the working hours 9 a.m – 6 p.m
00 09 - 18 * * * /home/ramesh/bin/check-db-status
00 – 0th Minute ( Top of the hour )
– 0th Minute ( Top of the hour ) 09 - 18 – 9 am , 10 am , 11 am , 12 am , 1 pm , 2 pm , 3 pm , 4 pm , 5 pm , 6 pm
– 9 am , 10 am , 11 am , 12 am , 1 pm , 2 pm , 3 pm , 4 pm , 5 pm , 6 pm * – Every day
– Every day * – Every month
– Every month * – Every day of the week
Cron Job every weekday during working hours
This example checks the status of the database every weekday ( i.e excluding Sat and Sun ) during the working hours 9 a.m – 6 p.m .
00 09 - 18 * * 1 - 5 /home/ramesh/bin/check-db-status
00 – 0th Minute ( Top of the hour )
– 0th Minute ( Top of the hour ) 09 - 18 – 9 am , 10 am , 11 am , 12 am , 1 pm , 2 pm , 3 pm , 4 pm , 5 pm , 6 pm
– 9 am , 10 am , 11 am , 12 am , 1 pm , 2 pm , 3 pm , 4 pm , 5 pm , 6 pm * – Every day
– Every day * – Every month
– Every month 1 - 5 - Mon , Tue , Wed , Thu and Fri ( Every Weekday )
4. How to View Crontab Entries ?
View Current Logged - In User ’s Crontab entries
To view your crontab entries type crontab -l from your unix account as shown below .
ramesh@dev -db$ crontab -l @yearly / home / ramesh / annual - maintenance */10 * * * * /home / ramesh / check - disk - space [ Note :
This displays crontab of the current logged in user ]
View Root Crontab entries
Login as root user ( su – root ) and do crontab -l as shown below .
root@dev - db# crontab -l no crontab for root
Crontab HowTo : View Other Linux User ’s Crontabs entries
To view crontab entries of other Linux users , login to root and use -u {username} -l as shown below .
root@dev - db# crontab -u sathiya -l @monthly / home / sathiya / monthly - backup 00 09 - 18 * * * /home/sathiya/check-db-status
5. How to Edit Crontab Entries ?
Edit Current Logged - In User ’s Crontab entries
To edit a crontab entries , use crontab -e as shown below .
By default this will edit the current logged - in users crontab .
ramesh@dev-db$ crontab -e @yearly / home / ramesh/ centos/bin/annual-maintenance
*/10 * * * * /home/ramesh/debian/bin/check-disk-space ~ " /tmp/crontab.XXXXyjWkHw " 2L , 83C [ Note :
This will open the crontab file in Vim editor for editing .
Please note cron created a temporary / tmp / crontab .XX ... ]
When you save the above temporary file with :wq , it will save the crontab and display the following message indicating the crontab is successfully modified .
~ " crontab.XXXXyjWkHw " 2L , 83C written crontab : installing new crontab
Edit Root Crontab entries
Login as root user ( su – root ) and do crontab -e as shown below .
root@dev - db# crontab -e
Edit Other Linux User ’s Crontab File entries
To edit crontab entries of other Linux users , login to root and use -u {username} -e as shown below .
root@dev - db# crontab -u sathiya -e @monthly / home / sathiya / fedora/bin/monthly - backup 00 09-18 * * * /home/sathiya/ubuntu/bin/check-db-status ~ ~ ~ " /tmp/crontab.XXXXyjWkHw " 2L , 83C
6. Schedule a Job for Every Minute Using Cron .
Ideally you may not have a requirement to schedule a job every minute .
But understanding this example will will help you understand the other examples mentioned below in this article .
* * * * * CMD
The * means all the possible unit — i.e every minute of every hour through out the year .
More than using this * directly , you will find it very useful in the following cases .
When you specify */ 5 in minute field means every 5 minutes .
When you specify 0 - 10 / 2 in minute field mean every 2 minutes in the first 10 minute .
Thus the above convention can be used for all the other 4 fields .
7. Schedule a Background Cron Job For Every 10 Minutes .
Use the following , if you want to check the disk space every 10 minutes .
*/10 * * * * /home/ramesh/check-disk-space
It executes the specified command check - disk - space every 10 minutes through out the year .
But you may have a requirement of executing the command only during office hours or vice versa .
The above examples shows how to do those things .
Instead of specifying values in the 5 fields , we can specify it using a single keyword as mentioned below .
There are special cases in which instead of the above 5 fields you can use @ followed by a keyword — such as reboot , midnight , yearly , hourly .
Table : Cron special keywords and its meaning Keyword Equivalent @yearly 0 0 1 1 * @daily 0 0 * * * @hourly 0 * * * * @reboot Run at startup .
8. Schedule a Job For First Minute of Every Year using @yearly
If you want a job to be executed on the first minute of every year , then you can use the @yearly cron keyword as shown below .
This will execute the system annual maintenance using annual - maintenance shell script at 00:00 on Jan 1st for every year .
@yearly /home/ramesh/red-hat/bin/annual-maintenance
9. Schedule a Cron Job Beginning of Every Month using @monthly
It is as similar as the @yearly as above .
But executes the command monthly once using @monthly cron keyword .
This will execute the shell script tape - backup at 00:00 on 1st of every month .
@monthly /home/ ramesh/suse/bin/tape-backup
10 . Schedule a Background Job Every Day using @daily
Using the @daily cron keyword , this will do a daily log file cleanup using cleanup - logs shell scriptat 00:00 on every day .
@daily /home/ramesh/arch-linux/bin/cleanup-logs " day started "
11 . How to Execute a Linux Command After Every Reboot using @reboot ?
Using the @reboot cron keyword , this will execute the specified command once after the machine got booted every time .
@reboot CMD
12 . How to Disable / Redirect the Crontab Mail Output using MAIL keyword ?
By default crontab sends the job output to the user who scheduled the job .
If you want to redirect the output to a specific user , add or update the MAIL variable in the crontab as shown below .
ramesh@dev - db$ crontab -l MAIL = " ramesh " @yearly / home / ramesh / annual - maintenance */10 * * * * /home / ramesh / check - disk - space
[ Note : Crontab of the current logged in user with MAIL variable ]
If you wanted the mail not to be sent to anywhere , i.e to stop the crontab output to be emailed , add or update the MAIL variable in the crontab as shown below .
MAIL= " "
13 . How to Execute a Linux Cron Jobs Every Second Using Crontab .
You cannot schedule a every - second cronjob .
Because in cron the minimum unit you can specify is minute .
In a typical scenario , there is no reason for most of us to run any job every second in the system .
14 . Specify PATH Variable in the Crontab
All the above examples we specified absolute path of the Linux command or the shell - script that needs to be executed .
For example , instead of specifying / home / ramesh / tape - backup , if you want to just specify tape - backup , then add the path / home / ramesh to the PATH variable in the crontab as shown below .
ramesh@dev-db$ crontab -l PATH=/ bin:/sbin:/usr/bin:/usr/sbin:/home/ramesh @yearly annual - maintenance */10 * * * * check - disk - space [ Note : Crontab of the current logged in user with PATH variable ]
15 . Installing Crontab From a Cron File
Instead of directly editing the crontab file , you can also add all the entries to a cron-file first .
Once you have all thoese entries in the file , you can upload or install them to the cron as shown below .
ramesh@dev - db$ crontab -l no crontab for ramesh $ cat cron-file .
txt @yearly /home/ ramesh / annual - maintenance */10 * * * * /home/ramesh/check-disk-space ramesh@dev-db$ crontab cron-file.txt ramesh@dev-db$ crontab -l @yearly / home / ramesh / annual - maintenance */10 * * * * /home/ramesh/check-disk-space
Note :
This will install the cron-file .
txt to your crontab , which will also remove your old cron entries .
So , please be careful while uploading cron entries from a cron-file .
txt .
Additional Cron Tutorials
Awesome Linux Articles
Following are few awesome 15 examples articles that you might find helpful .
If you enjoyed this article , you might also like ..
HOW LONG DO YOU SLEEP ?
HOW LONG DO YOU SLEEP ?
HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER SAN FRANCISCO 
Scientists have good and bad news for hard - driving people who boast they need only six hours of sleep a night .
The good news is a few may be right : Researchers at the University of California - San Francisco have identified a family with a genetic mutation that causes members to require only six hours sleep a night .
The bad news ?
The gene is vanishingly rare in humans , found in less than 3 % of people .
INSOMNIA THERAPY : What works , what does n't ?
EXTENDED SLEEP : May give athletes a boost
So almost everyone who says he needs only six hours ' sleep is kidding himself .
And the consequences of chronic sleep deprivation are serious , says Clete Kushida , president of the American Academy of Sleep Medicine and director of Stanford University 's Sleep Medicine Center .
Sleep deprivation has been linked to an increase in motor vehicle accidents , deficiencies in short - term memory , focus and attention .
It 's also tied to depressed mood and a decrease in the ability to control appetite .
The family members — a mother and daughter with the gene mutation — were discovered by researchers at UCSF studying circadian rhythms , the waxing and waning biochemical cycles that govern sleep , hunger and activity .
Neither woman needed more than six to 6 ½ hours of sleep a night , and yet both were well - rested , healthy and energetic .
" One of them is over 70 , always traveling internationally and extremely active .
She dances three or four nights a week , " says Ying - Hui Fu , a professor of neurology at UCSF .
When scientists examined the pair 's DNA , they found a mutation in a gene called DEC2 , which governs cell production and circadian rhythm .
The mutation seems to result in people who need much less than the normal eight to 8 ½ hours that most humans require for well - rested functioning , according to the paper , which is published in today 's edition of the journal Science .
The research by Fu and her colleagues determined that humans and mice that carry the mutation get more intense sleep , as measured by slow - wave electrical activity in the brain , and so they need less of it .
But Fu estimates that only about 3 % of the population is likely to have this gene and cautions that most people who habitually get less than eight hours sleep a night are only building up a large , and dangerous , sleep debt .
Fu says her lab is investigating whether it might be possible to mimic the effects of the gene with therapeutic compounds , but she cautions the research is only at the very beginning .
For now , the only real answer to true productivity is to sleep as much as your body needs , she says .
READERS : How much sleep do you need per night ?
How much do you usually get ?
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Dairy farmers are pressing federal antitrust regulators to investigate why large food companies are making hefty profits while farmers are going broke .
The average dairy farm in the state lost about $ 100 per cow per month this summer , according to the Wisconsin Farm Bureau Federation .
With more than 1.25 million cows in the state , it means the industry is losing roughly $ 4 million a day .
That 's largely because farmers , who received about $ 20 for every 100 pounds of milk they produced in 2008 , have seen the price cut in half this year .
In layperson 's terms , 100 pounds of milk equals nearly 12 gallons .
Some farmers have cashed out their farm equity and savings just to buy cattle feed and pay their utility bills .
Entire herds have been slaughtered as part of a national program meant to reduce milk supplies and increase the amount that farmers receive in their milk checks .
" It gets a little harder every month , " said Kevin Griswold , a dairy farmer from Ixonia .
At the same time that farmers are struggling , food processors have benefited from a glut of milk and the lower prices paid to farmers .
Dean Foods Co. , one of the industry 's largest players , reported a 31 % profit increase for its quarter that ended June 30 .
The company earned $ 64.1 million on sales of $ 2.7 billion in the quarter and said it was on track to deliver very strong results for the full year .
Historically low dairy commodity prices have helped boost profits , Dean Foods said in its quarterly report .
Farmers receive about $ 1 from every gallon of milk sold in the grocery store .
The rest of the retail price covers processing and handling costs and goes toward the profits of processors and store owners .
Fewer processors and dairy industry consolidation has led to a breakdown in competition , resulting in farmers not getting a fair share of the retail food dollar , according to some involved in agriculture for decades .
" No matter what you do , even if you give 110 % every day on your farm from sun up to sun down , at the end of that day you will not have earned enough to pay your bills .
It does n't get any more demoralizing than that , " said Joel Greeno , a farmer from Kendall .
There has always been a gap between what farmers are paid for their milk and what consumers pay for dairy products .
But the gap has widened , according to U.S. Sen .
Russ Feingold , ( D - Wis . ) .
Farm groups such as the National Family Farm Coalition have urged Feingold to investigate large food companies and dairy cooperatives that sell to the companies .
" Based on our research and conversations with agricultural economists , we believe that one reason for Dean Foods ' recent profits may be its ability to exercise monopoly pricing power in many parts of the country , " Feingold said in a letter to the Department of Justice 's antitrust division .
Feingold said he wants the Justice Department to reconsider the 2001 Dean Foods merger with Suiza Foods that helped make Dean the nation 's largest milk processor and distributor .
He also wants antitrust regulators to review Dairy Farmers of America , a dairy cooperative that controls about 30 % of the nation 's milk supply and sells milk to Dean Foods .
" My goal is not to pinpoint a villain .
But some of the major players are going to have to be part of the examination , " Feingold said in an interview last week .
Dean Foods and Dairy Farmers of America strongly deny any wrongdoing and say they 're not responsible for the current farm crisis .
" We are not a monopoly that controls the market .
We buy less than 15 % of the nation 's raw fluid milk supply from only 9,000 of the 58,000 U.S. dairy farmers , " Dean Foods said in an e-mail to the Journal Sentinel .
" Since we produce drinking milk , we are paying the highest regulated price under the current system , from 20 % to 50 % more than what cheese processors pay , " the Dallas - based company said .
The worst global recession in 75 years , combined with too much milk production , are at least partly to blame for the dairy crisis .
" I do n't see much that would indicate an antitrust issue , " said Randy McGinnis , chief operating officer for Dairy Farmers of America 's central region that includes Wisconsin .
The Obama administration is scheduling a series of listening sessions in 2010 to hear from farmers on a variety of issues , including market concentration and competition among food processors .
Feingold wants antitrust regulators to review the recent Dean Foods ' acquisition of Foremost Farms USA processing plants in Waukesha and De Pere .
The merger " seems to have eliminated virtually all competition for school milk contracts in Eastern Wisconsin , " Feingold said in an Aug. 6 letter to Christine Varney , head of the Justice Department 's antitrust division .
" This is especially troubling because , as you know , competition for school milk contracts has been a traditional measure of competition in the dairy industry as a whole , " Feingold wrote .
Numerous complaints
According to numerous complaints , Feingold said , Dean Foods and Dairy Farmers of America have repeatedly conspired to deny independent farmers and small cooperatives access to milk bottling plants , in order to force them to join Dairy Farmers of America or market products through its affiliates .
Justice Department officials declined to comment on whether there would be an investigation into the dairy industry .
But the antitrust division is aware of the economic upheaval and that farmers were going out of business at a record rate .
" We are very concerned about these developments , " Varney said in a Senate hearing in September .
Farm milk prices are set by the government using a complex formula patched together over many decades .
Farmers say consumers ought to be paying much less for dairy products now - given that the prices they receive have tanked .
" The dairy processors have been buying their raw product at a bargain - basement price , " said Casey Langan , spokesman for the Wisconsin Farm Bureau Federation .
Stores set prices
But retail stores , not processors , set the final prices that consumers pay .
" We do n't have much to do with that at all , " said McGinnis with Dairy Farmers of America .
Wisconsin's $ 26 billion dairy industry is the lifeblood of dozens of communities .
But for now , farmers are bearing the brunt of low commodity prices .
" The money is there .
It 's just not getting back to the farmer , " said Pete Hardin , editor of The Milkweed , a dairy industry publication based in Brooklyn , Wis .
Why was Heath Ledger so ambivalent about his own stardom , and what happened at the end of his life ?
Vanity Fair contributing editor Peter Biskind sheds new light on these difficult - to - answer questions as he writes about the actor 's remarkable talent and untimely death in the August cover story , " The Last of Heath . "
In his article , Biskind explores Ledger 's final movie role , his uncertainty about Hollywood , his devotion to his young daughter , and what happened in the days and weeks leading up to his death as he battled chronic insomnia , pneumonia , and exhaustion .
Here are some of the revelations contained in Biskind 's story .
Click here to see exclusive photos of Heath Ledger by Bruce Weber !
Vote for Heath Ledger 's best performance in our poll !
How he cleaned up his act
Cinematographer Nicola Pecorini , who worked with Ledger on his last film , The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus , says Ledger " used to smoke marijuana on a regular basis , like probably 50 percent of Americans . "
But after it became an issue , Ledger " went clean as a whistle . "
And vocal coach Gerry Grennell , who worked and lived with the actor during the filming of The Dark Knight , says Ledger even stopped drinking : " Heath would happily go to the bar , buy a round of drinks for friends , and come back and have a soda or juice , never once drinking alcohol .
" How chronic insomnia may have led to his death
Ledger 's use of sleeping medication to combat chronic insomnia at the end of his life was of more concern to Grennell .
" I 'd say , If you can possibly bear it to stop taking the medications , do , because they do n't seem to be doing you any good . '
He agreed .
It is very difficult for me to imagine how close he came to not taking them . "
Ledger would typically spend night after night awake , diverting himself with time killers , Biskind reports , such as re-arranging the furniture in whatever space he happened to be living in at the moment .
Grennell coached him in the Alexander Technique , which helped him to sleep for a few hours at a time , but he still struggled .
" Everyone has a different view of how he passed away , " Grennell tells Biskind .
" From my perspective , and knowing him as well as I did , and being around him as much as I was , it was a combination of exhaustion , sleeping medication … and perhaps the aftereffects of the flu .
I guess his body just stopped breathing . "
How his relationship failed
Terry Gilliam — Ledger 's friend and mentor , and the director of Doctor Parnassus — agrees with Pecorini that the romance between Ledger and Williams began to unravel during the Oscar campaign for Brokeback Mountain .
" The whole machinery started growing up around them , " Gilliam says .
" That was the moment when it changed , when he realized , Uh-oh .
We perceive the world differently .
He did n't care about things like those awards . "
According to Pecorini , " Heath was always blaming himself [ about the relationship ] , asking , What did I do wrong ? "
Adds Gilliam , " Because he 's a much nicer person than I am , he really thought he could do the right thing .
He was trying to be decent and graceful , give her whatever she wanted — the house , every fucking thing .
But once it started going south , it went very quickly .
He was overwhelmed by lawyers , and there were more and more of them , as if they were breeding .
I said , This is bullshit .
Heath , just end it .
Get out — it 's bad .
You 've got to just walk away from it . '
The stakes kept going up .
He would n't listen to any of us . "
As Ledger 's relationship with Williams unraveled , and the pair started dealing with lawyers and custody issues , according to Gilliam , Ledger fell apart .
" The thing that really made Heath snap " was legal wrangling over his daughter , Matilda , Gilliam says .
" He said , Just fuck all of you !
I 'm not giving Michelle anything .'?? ? "
Recalls another source , when it came to Matilda 's care , " there were definitely heated conversations , and emotions were high . "
( Ledger 's lawyer declined to comment on any aspect of the separation or custody dispute . )
Of the many things that long - term alcohol addiction can steal -- careers , lives , health , memory -- one of its most heartbreaking tolls is on relationships .
Alcoholics , researchers have long known , have a tendency to misread emotional cues , sometimes taking offense when none was intended , failing to pick up on a loved one 's sadness , joy , anger or disappointment .
The misunderstandings can result in more drinking -- and more deterioration of relationships and lives .
How does alcohol do all that ?
A new study finds that the brains of long - term alcoholics , even those who have been abstinent for long periods , are often different from those who do not suffer the affliction -- different in ways that make them poorer judges of others ' facial expressions .
In particular , the parts of our brains that are typically activated when we observe , record and react to expressions on another person 's face -- the amygdala and hippocampus , collectively known as the limbic system -- do not respond with the same intensity in alcoholics when they observe another person 's face .
The study 's authors observed those differences by watching the brains of 15 abstinent alcoholics and 15 non-alcoholics at work while the subjects looked at pictures of faces expressing positive , negative and neutral emotions and answered an unrelated question ( " How intelligent do you think this person is ? " ) .
As they did so , researchers from Massachusetts General Hospital and Boston University peered into their brains using functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging , which tracks brain activity from second to second .
The result is published online in the journal Alcoholism : Clinical and Experimental Research .
When looking at faces that projected emotions , the amygdala and hippocampal regions of the non-alcoholics showed evidence of strong activity .
When those same subjects looked at neutral facial expressions , the non-alcoholics ' limbic systems were relatively quiet .
But the alcoholics ' limbic systems , on the whole , responded no differently to facial expressions that conveyed strong emotion than to those that were neutral .
The individuals in the two groups were matched on factors such as age , IQ , education and socioeconomic status .
But their brains reacted completely differently when their eyes were confronted with evidence of anger , joy , sadness or disappointment .
At the same time , the study found some evidence of the brain 's vaunted resilience and flexibility .
For the abstinent alcoholics , lower levels of activity in the limbic system generally came with higher levels of activity in the frontal cortex -- the seat of judgment where cooler assessments are made .
That finding is in line with a lot of research that finds that even after alcoholism has wreaked havoc on a person 's brain , a lengthy period of abstinence often brings some cognitive recovery , as the brain " rewires " itself to compensate for damaged functions .
Ksenija Marinkovic , one of the study 's authors , cautioned that the study leaves one of researchers ' most burning questions unanswered :
Whether the blunted emotional sensitivity evident in the alcoholics came first -- and then gave way to alcoholism -- or whether alcoholism brought about changes in the brain that blunted peoples ' sensitivity to others ' emotions .
The idea that alcohol abuse damages the brain makes intuitive sense .
But some research suggests instead that a child 's cognitive deficits -- especially in the realm of emotional intelligence -- may set off a cascade of events leading to alcoholism later .
Past research has shown that the children of alcoholics often exhibit the same deficits in reading emotions -- and that children of alcoholics are at far greater risk of becoming alcoholics themselves .
That would suggest that emotional difficulties and miscommunications can lead to feelings of failure and discouragement , which can lead to alcohol use and eventual dependence .
" It 's a chicken - or - egg problem .
We just do n't know which comes first , " said Marinkovic , who has since moved to UC San Diego .
Wonder whether you 're at risk of alcoholism and its effects , or whether your drinking could be impairing your relationships ?
The National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism has a new user - friendly website , Rethinking Drinking , where you can find out more .
-- Melissa Healy
Open - source medical software has been around for over 30 years .
Unless you are in healthcare IT , however , chances are you 've never even heard of it .
But that 's poised to change .
With the passage of ARRA ( the American Recovery And Reinvestment Act of 2009 , also called the federal stimulus package ) , some $ 19 billion dollars have been earmarked for Medicare and Medicaid technology incentives over the next five years .
This program is known as HITECH ( PDF ) , short for Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health .
The program will use carrots , in the form of several million dollars per hospital and up to $ 44,000 for individual doctors , and sticks , in the form of Medicare reimbursement cuts , to get hospitals and doctors to move to EHRs ( electronic health records ) , also called EMRs ( electronic medical records ) .
This may be the start of a sea change in medical IT .
In the past , the field has been a patchwork of feudal states : Dozens of companies produced an endless parade of programs using incompatible data formats that covered different parts of the healthcare world .
Now , if EHRs become widespread , hospitals and other medical providers will be finally able to tap into each other 's work .
Rationalizing this complex set of programs wo n't be easy , according to Dr. David Blumenthal , head of the Office of the National Coordinator for Health IT at Health and Human Services , who will oversee HITECH .
Blumenthal said in a recent New England Journal of Medicine article that he expects EHR adoption to encounter " huge challenges . "
Some of these issues include high initial setup costs , technical problems and privacy concerns .
It also does n't help that EHR technology , generally speaking , may not be ready yet .
The federal government contracts with a private organization , the CCHIT ( Certification Commission for Health Information Technology ) , to certify EHRs as having the basic capabilities the federal government believes they need .
" But many certified EHRs are neither user - friendly nor designed to meet HITECH 's ambitious goal of improving quality and efficiency in the health care system , " Blumenthal wrote .
In fact , it 's going to be an uphill battle simply getting any EHR systems , be they open - source or proprietary , into place .
Today , EHRs are used only in small numbers , according to an April survey in the New England Journal of Medicine .
Only 1.5 % of U.S. hospitals have a comprehensive electronic - records system -- one that 's present in all clinical units -- and an additional 8 % have a basic system that 's in at least one clinical unit , the survey said .
Nor are those in place necessarily doing a great job of it .
As Burton Group senior analyst Joe Bugajski details in his horrifying personal tale of a medical emergency that was made even worse by a poorly implemented EHR system , existing EHR systems are often a mess .
Bugajski found systems that used " an incoherent database design [ that ] isolates patient information from one department to the next and from one organization to the next .
This wastes time and increases errors because medical personnel must enter patient information into a unique view of the system that corresponded to user identity and department -- this prevents one medical professional from seeing patient information input by another medical professional . "
Political acts Anti-Flag and State Radio have announced plans for a performance designed to " confront the G20 . "
The upcoming conference of leaders of the twenty most industrialized nations is set to take place in Pittsburgh September 24th .
Accordingly , the performance dubbed " War. Crime .
2009 : A G20 Welcoming Party " will kick off at 7 pm , Thursday , September 24th , at Club Zoo in the strip district of Pittsburgh .
Tickets to this all ages show go on sale through Ticketmaster this Saturday , September 6 , at Noon ET .
The event is co-sponsored by Students for a Democratic Society , the largest progressive student group in the country with over 150 chapters on university and high school campuses .
WOOLWORTHS insists its new logo is a stylised '' W ' ' or a piece of fresh produce .
Apple thinks it is an apple , and the California - based technology company wants to stop Australia 's largest retailer from using it .
Apple has mounted a legal challenge to prevent Woolworths from using the logo , arguing it is too close to its own .
Brand battle ... the logos of Woolworths , left , and Apple .
Apple will have to convince IP Australia , the Federal Government agency that governs trademarks , to knock back Woolworths ' application - filed in August last year - to trademark its logo .
Apple is spooked by the fact Woolworths has gone for a blanket trademark that would allow it to slap its branding and logo on every imaginable product .
diebmx .
Taste the rainbow of the Spectrum ZX home computer .
Photo ( CC
Call it the 8 - bit preservation society .
Chipsounds is now available .
It ’s a new programmable soft synth , filled with custom oscillators and samples of famous and obscure vintage chips , accompanied by an EP of free chip tracks .
Far from a threat to fans of hardware , I think this release is a major achievement for fans of digital sounds .
Oh yeah , and if you ’ve been feeling burnt out on chip music in general , firing up some of the sound of some of these more obscure chips could well change your mind .
If you like sound , there ’s something here for you .
Chip music , championed by a supportive network of artists and fans , has unquestionably made the big time .
But for those who value the unique sounds of a variety of vintage 8 - bit chips , there is still cause for concern .
Even though they ’re digital circuits , the unique design of various chips wo n’t last forever .
Some chips are simply disappearing , while others cease to work .
At the same time , while the sound of the Nintendo game system has become ubiquitous , lots of other unusual chips do n’t get heard .
Software emulation and sample packs so far have been pretty shallow .
Emulators tend not to model all the nuances of different chips , and samples are really only expressive if they ’re presented in the context of something that ’s fully programmable and playable .
Enter Chipsounds .
Creator David Viens told us about the Chipsounds project back in January :
Authentic Chipmusic Soft Synth Emulation : Plogue Chipsounds Scoop from NAMM
It ’s available today , with an introductory price of US $ 75 ( $ 95 thereafter ) .
chipsounds @ Plogue [ Product Page ]
Something like Chipsounds could have been just an attempt to cash in on “ what the kids are playing . ”
But David ’s work is more like an epic love poem to the sounds of chips themselves , not only as a reminder of game music but as a unique sound source .
And the passionate chip music community got in on the act , as well , with notable artists contributing to the product ’s development and in fine form on the EP .
But forget about that for a second .
What matters is that chipsounds is an exhaustive , exhaustively programmable set of sounds that almost no eBay budget could ever amass .
It takes some unique sounds and allows you to warp them into arrangements and performance configurations not possible with hardware .
And it might well make you explore hardware in a new way all over again .
For your listening pleasure , here is the full , free EP with downloadable tracks to set the mood .
It ’s all been made with Chipsounds by some terrific artists , including David Viens himself , and covers a range of genres and techniques .
Why Chipsounds
David has a really lovely intro in the manual for the tool .
He ’s got a story like many of us I expect have .
My father bought a Commodore VIC - 20 for me and my brother when I was around nine .
After a few days with it , I guess he knew I had found my calling .
There is not a year that passes without me reminding him how bringing that computer home some cold autumn night changed my life .
But this is n’t just nostalgia .
David also notes that some of the limitations imposed by earlier 8 - bit hardware caused artists and musicians to invent new techniques that were later lost .
These methods can now be rediscovered and coexist with new processes only possible with newer tech .
What Chipsounds represents is an expanded “ sonic palette , ” not just the literal representation of the hardware included .
And for those willing to dig into programming the sampling instrument itself , that palette can be even wider and more personal .
David did a whole lot of work on research and experimentation to make this work , but also drew upon the massive community online .
Here ’s a look at the chips included .
The Instruments
David did extensive research , testing , sampling , and A/B sound programming for the project .
Just going through the chips is a nice history lesson – and could be a good introduction for those interested in working with hardware , too .
You can check out extensive technical details on the hardware at the chipsounds blog .
The reason the Commodore 64 is prized by musicians is the SID chip inside .
Here , a modded C64 built just for music , ( CC farnea = Audrey and Max .
SID ( 6581 ) and ( 8580 ) It ’s the mother of all sound chips , and deserves the top space in this list .
The SID was the legendary Commodore 64 chip , sampled in this collection at 96KHz .
The 8580 I think does n’t get nearly enough credit , so it ’s nice to see both so you can hear the oddities of each .
RP2A03 ( NTSC ) and RP2A07 ( PAL ) and RP2A0X ( unlimited ) :
This is the big one – the chip in Nintendo ’s NES and Famicom .
It ’s not actually a dedicated audio IC , but a clone of the 6502 CPU , but it still has some unique features and sounds .
minusbaby .
Planning a set list on the Game Boy , with Nullsleep .
Photo ( CC
DMG - CPU , SGB and DMG ( unlimited )
The classic : Nintendo ’s own sound generator for its Game Boy handheld .
Confession time : I ’ve heard this chip so much that I ’m starting to long for other things .
But again , because the Chipsounds collection lets you create hybrid instruments in different ranges , there ’s nothing stopping you from inserting DMG sounds where you would n’t expect .
( And while functioning Game Boys are everywhere and run a variety of amazing homebrewed sequencing software , some of these other chips are n’t as accessible or portable . )
The Vectrex video game system , photograph ( CC ) the terrific interactive artist - writer Brendan Dawes
AY - 3-8910 ( various clocks sources ) , YM2149 ( 2 Mhz ) : General Instruments ’ sound chip was one of the great sound chips of the 8 - bit gaming and computing age , found in the Intellivision , Vectrex , Atari ST , and Sinclair ZX , among many others .
That means it ’s critical not only to gaming fans , but also fans of the sounds in early tracking musicians , particularly on the Atari ST .
It ’s even got its own Wikipedia article .
Maggie Osterberg .
Casio ’s VL - 1 : so easy , a cat can play it .
Photo ( CC
D1867G The classic Casio VL - 1 makes a surprise cameo in this collection .
Result : you have the opportunity to imagine your own music console that combines the sounds of the VL - Tone with the IBM PCjr , and that ’s a beautiful thing .
The VL - 1 may be the odd man out in this collection , but then , it also exemplifies the lo-fi digital sound of the 80s – and with the ARIA sampling engine , you can warp it to do things it has never done before .
P8244 ( NTSC ) , P8245 ( PAL )
This is one of the rarer ( or at least more unexpected ) entries in the collection , the sound chip that drove the Magnavox Odyssey2 .
Intel ’s Video Display Controller used this chip to make both graphics and sound ( hmmm … could Chipgraphics be next ? )
For extreme nerding out , check out David ’s full post on working with this chip .
Unlike the other entries here , the VDC does n’t have much documentation online for these kinds of applications .
Jeroen Elfferich .
Tempest in its proper arcade cabinet form .
Photo ( CC
POKEY ( various clock configuration ) Atari ’s Doug Neubauer created sound capabilities for this chip , used in Atari ’s 8 - bit computers as well as many arcade games .
( The POKEY actually handled not only audio , but keyboard , pots , timing , serial … Arduino fans , take note . )
Which arcade games ?
Try Tempest , Gravitar , Gauntlet and Crystal Castles , for starters .
“ Deadly Discs ” can also refer to some of the more painful parts of my CD collection .
Photo by Hobvias Sudoneighm
TIA ( NTSC ) , TIA ( PAL ) and TIA ( unlimited ) Another combined graphics and sound chip , the Television Interface Adapter was the sonic soul of the Atari 2600 .
The variations here in Chipsounds give you a lot of choices , including the awesome “ polynomial counters ” which create different kinds of distortion .
Using keyswitching , you can choose among these sounds live , ideal for keyboardists .
And David has even included the sounds the TIA makes when the cartridge was improperly inserted .
moparx .
Okay , so maybe the controller design did n’t catch on , but at least it sounded great .
Photo ( CC
SN76489 ( AN ) ( various clocks )
Here ’s my personal favorite : the classic Texas Instruments sound chip was dead - simple ( three square wave generators and one white noise generator ) , but elegant , efficient , and unique in sound .
The BBC Micro , IBM PCjr , and ColecoVision game system all used its sounds .
I can still hear the echoes of Subroc in my sleep .
( Yeah , okay , I was a bit jealous of my friends who had Apple IIs and NES instead of the more oddball PCjr and Coleco I had , but now I ’m older and appreciate them more . )
Side note : David was nice enough to share some of his SN chips , so I ’m working on building them into standalone hardware and will share the results .
Joachim S. Müller .
Ah , who could forget the Interton game system ?
Okay , actually , probably nearly everybody .
Photo ( CC
UVI 2637 ( NTSC ) and 2637 ( PAL ) :
Now we get into the chips you probably have n’t heard .
Signetics made this chip for the Arcadia 2001 console developed by Emerson ( yeah , the electronics company ) in the heady year of 1982 , before the meltdown that would purge the home gaming market .
That console was widely cloned , under names like the Interton , Leisure Vision , and MPT - 03 .
How geeks and geekettes are born : buy them a machine like a VIC - 20 .
( And a reminder that we need to introduce new generations to skills like programming . )
Photo ( CC ) and featuring a very young Michael Surran
VIC - I : 6560 ( NTSC ) 6561 ( PAL ) in various configuration
Here ’s another oddball chip : the VIC - I , used in the VIC - 20 , had 7 - bit pitch range , giving you oddly - tuned scales , plus a truly strange noise generator .
That strange sound is rarely heard , but leave it to the demoscene to exploit it .
From the Chipsounds manual :
In 2003 , a brilliant demo writer by the name of Viznut reverse - engineered this side effect , mapping all possible “ weird ” waveforms that the chip was able to reproduce in a deterministic manner , and put the to good use in his now famous “ Robotic Liberation ” demo .
Here ’s a look at that creation :
The Software
Let ’s get something out of the way : I believe in synths .
I ’m naturally skeptical of samples .
If I believed for a second Chipsounds was about plugging in some sampled sounds and hitting a key and waiting , I would n’t have posted this article .
Fortunately , Plogue ’s ARIA sampling - plus - synthesis engine is powerful enough to allow immense programmability and playability .
It ’s loaded up with programs that model every last detail of these instruments , while also providing the possibility to create your own , unique performance configurations .
Samples make up just a portion of the sound , used where appropriate , with lots of custom oscillators and modulators , as well .
This is really a full - blown instrument , not just a sample library .
( ARIA has previously been sampling - only , but Chipsounds is the first of a line of instruments to use synthesis , as well . )
Standalone , plug - in modes :
As a plug - in , Chipsounds works with VST on Mac and Windows , RTAS ( for Pro Tools ) on Mac and Windows , and Audio Units on Mac .
And of course , in plug - in mode you can automate all your parameters .
In standalone mode , you have additional features : audio file recording , MIDI file playback , and even the ability to render MIDI to audio directly .
Mixing , Multis :
Load up to eight chips / instruments per instance .
( Each of those , in turn , can be made up of combinations of samples . )
Maximum polyphony is suggested at about 4 - 5 voices for artistic reasons , but … rules are made to be broken , right ?
Assignable tuning , polyphony , mix parameters
Reverb busing
Key switching , which allows you to change between waveforms immediately using a key on your keyboard
Snapshots
Sound editing :
Here ’s where things get fun – and where you can do things more easily than you could with the original hardware .
Even with the ARIA engine alone , you have a virtual studio of tools in which to place your samples .
Arpeggiator for pitch , velocity : with configurable range , loop modes , gate , sync , etc .
Wave sequencer :
This allows you to sequence lists of pitches on an instrument , allowing tracker - style events inside the software .
( Add your own tracker to the mix and – well , things get pretty hectic . )
Live , high - performance oscilloscope .
Pitch LFO ( currently fixed ) , pitch and amplitude envelope generators .
Effects , which currently includes only an ARIA - native port of the lovely Ambience reverb by Magnus Jonsson .
( But then , the advantage of having these sounds on your computer is easy access to all your other effects . )
Still Want Hardware ?
In order to make the Chipsounds collection , David spent time rigging quick hardware devices allowing the actual chips to be connected to a computer .
That could make Chipsounds an affordable gateway drug into building your own standalone hardware with these chips as sound sources , as I hope to do soon with my TI SN’s .
To get you started , check out the superb resources on the Midibox wiki :
Midibox SID
Midibox POKEY
MIDIbox AY 3 8912
The SID is the most common of these , but ironically finding working SIDs is getting to be much harder than finding these other unique , lovely chips .
I ’m actually really interested in the possibilities of combining hardware with the open - source Arduino platform and creating devices that behave in new ways ; stay tuned , and hopefully we can get a group of folks working on that .
One example – our friend little - scale aka Sebastian Tomczak of South Australia – has used the Arduino to connect to the SN chip and create a MIDI - controlled Sega Master System equivalent :
MIDI + Arduino + chip on little - scale ’s blog
Add in new MIDI capabilities on the Arduino , and this gets quite interesting .
minusbaby .
xc3n at New York ’s Pulsewave . ( CC
The Artists
A lovely collection of artists contributed to the EP and to the development of the software , so this is very much a release connected to the community .
( David ’s own music is on the EP , too . )
The artists :
8 Bit Weapon
Computeher
nitro2k01
Chupathingy and on MySpace
James Mireau
XC3N
shrimps
zawtowers Melbot , ComputeHer , and 8 - bit Weapon in London .
Photo ( CC
And for more on the making of one of the tracks , GameBoy Genius aka nitro2k01 has documented the work of translating a hardcore chip track from Game Boy to computer , using Renoise .
This is a pretty traditional approach to what to do with chip music , but on the other hand , once you ’re in the world of Renoise , you could go in other directions , as well .
If you ’re interested in anything covered here – the artists , the chips and digital synthesis history , how to use the software , or how to make some of these hardware creations – all of these topics are fair game for CDM .
I promise a non-nostalgic ( okay , maybe slightly nostalgic ) , musical approach to these topics .
In the meantime , let us know what you think of the software .
Snowmass , Colo .
A quarter - century ago , in the wake of America 's first energy crisis , a young scientist named Amory Lovins came to the Rocky Mountains and built himself a radical house based on a radical idea .
The country could save both energy and money , he believed , by combining common sense and unconventional technology .
Mr. Lovins did achieve substantial energy savings , and many of his innovations , from better insulation to multiple - pane windows to more - efficient refrigerators , eventually became familiar fixtures in American homes .
But on the second part of Mr. Lovins 's ambition -- saving money -- the calculus has been more complicated .
The advances that allowed him to create a roomy home with a tiny carbon footprint came with a hefty upfront cost .
Now , Mr. Lovins has completed a renovation that he hopes will demonstrate how much more energy - efficient houses can become .
But the project also serves as a reminder of the still - enormous gulf between what is technologically possible and what society is able or willing to pay for .
I love the bumper sticker question in voir dire .
I 've met lawyers and seen journalists who are surprised by it , or think it 's intrusive , but when you think about it , it 's a no - brainer .
If a juror holds an attitude so strongly that she 'll paste it onto her car , you want to know what that attitude is .
New research suggests you should be interested in something else , too .
It is n't simply what jurors ' bumper stickers say , it 's whether jurors have bumper stickers at all .
Writing in the June issue of the Journal of Applied Social Psychology , Colorado State University researchers suggest that people with bumper stickers are more likely to be aggressive and angry people , or at least aggressive and angry drivers .
Visualize THIS .
I have n't found a free version of the paper on line , but the Washington Post picked up the story ( thanks to the Situationist for flagging this ) and describes the research this way :
[ Lead author William ] Szlemko and his colleagues at Fort Collins found that people who personalize their cars acknowledge that they are aggressive drivers , but usually do not realize that they are reporting much higher levels of aggression than people whose cars do not have visible markers on their vehicles .
Drivers who do not personalize their cars get angry , too , Szlemko and his colleagues concluded in a paper they recently published in the Journal of Applied Social Psychology , but they do n't act out their anger .
They fume , mentally call the other driver a jerk , and move on .
" The more markers a car has , the more aggressively the person tends to drive when provoked , " Szlemko said .
" Just the presence of territory markers predicts the tendency to be an aggressive driver . "
The amazing thing is that the aggression did n't change with the sticker 's message .
Drivers who chose peaceful messages like " Visualize World Peace " were just as obnoxious on the road as those who slapped " My Kid Beat Up Your Honor Student " on their bumpers .
My car , my street , my interstate highway
Those two drivers would call themselves each other 's opposites , but they have an important trait in common : a strong and confused sense of territoriality .
The Post article continues :
The key to the phenomenon apparently lies in the idea of territoriality .
Drivers with road rage tend to think of public streets and highways as " my street " and " my lane " -- in other words , they think they " own the road . "
* * *
Drivers who individualize their cars using bumper stickers , window decals and personalized license plates , the researchers hypothesized , see their cars in the same way as they see their homes and bedrooms -- as deeply personal space , or primary territory .
. . .
" If you are in a vehicle that you identify as a primary territory , you would defend that against other people whom you perceive as being disrespectful of your space , " Bell added .
" What you ignore is that you are on a public roadway -- you lose sight of the fact you are in a public area and you do n't own the road . "
Issues of anger , territoriality , and boundaries are critical in all kinds of trials .
If they 're critical in yours , think a little longer before you keep -- or strike -- that nice lady with the " Coexist " bumper sticker .
( Photo by Hadi-helvetIQ at http://www.flickr.com/photos/23081931@N02/2490169298/; license details there . )
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
10/15/2009
" Pro-fams ' and gay divorce :
If they do n't like it , then they 'll put a hostile ring on it
by Jeremy Hooper
When states allow for legal same - sex marriage , some couples utilize that right .
But just like in the heterosexual world , sometimes these unions comes to a point of irreconcilable difference .
So when this happens , the married couple needs a divorce .
And this happens regardless of whether or not said couple is still living in the state where they married .
That is , of course , the gist of same sex divorce in 2009 America .
So easy to understand , even a non-indoctrinated child can understand it .
But social conservatives do n't want to see us as human beings with civil rights .
And they do n't want others to see as Americans who live , love , and pay taxes just like everyone else .
They want everyone to see us a " tactic " or a " strategy " rather than a person .
They want everyone to see our couplings as an " experiment " rather than a bond .
So when looking at our unions and the sometimes need to dissolve them , they do n't turn to the law and a reasoned assessment thereof .
They instead say intellectually divorced things like this :
DALLAS ( BP ) -- Homosexual activists , fighting to attain legal " same sex marriage , " are creating an unlikely battleground : divorce courts .
In the latest skirmish , a Dallas judge , Tena Callahan , has ruled that her court has jurisdiction to hear the " divorce " case of two men " married " in Massachusetts in 2006 and now living in Texas .
The decision caused quite a stir in the state because in 2005 , 75 percent of voters passed a constitutional amendment to define marriage as the union between one man and one woman .
Everybody thought that meant no " gay marriage . "
Period .
End of story .
But homosexual groups are trying to figure out how to force " same sex marriage " on states where voters are clearly and overwhelmingly against it .
This attempt to get the courts to grant divorces to homosexual couples is one way they 're going about it .
Jennifer Pizer , marriage project director for the homosexual advocacy group Lambda Legal predicts " an eventual end to bans on same - sex marriage in Texas and across the country , " the Associated Press reported .
The idea is to persuade the courts to recognize " same - sex marriages " just enough to dissolve them .
The momentary recognition of the marriage licenses for the purpose of granting a divorce would allow homosexual activists a foot in the door , cracking it open enough to begin shoving through demands for full " gay marriage " rights .
KEEP READING : FIRST - PERSON : ' Gay divorce ' a backdoor path to ' gay marriage ' [ BP News ]
To these folks , the only question they would afford to our divorces is " Who gets the copy of the agenda , and who gets custody of all the America children that gays threaten ? "
Because it 's easier for them to think this way .
If they detach their fight from humanity , then they can more easily convince themselves that their bias is n't actually hurting anyone .
That 's it 's just another day at the office , no more incidental or consequential than any number of other chores .
Hands clean .
Well for us , it is not a simply " agree to disagree " issue .
Their hostility is insulting , and their faith - based rhetoric muddies this CIVIL discourse .
Forget Kramer vs. Kramer :
The title of this divorce - centric flick would be Shamer vs.
Tamer ( we 'll let you guess who plays who ) .
And until our opposition agrees to drop their dehumanizing ways , no amount of counseling is ever going to salvage our relationship as humans who could be and should be bound by respect .
We have worked hard enough at this marriage .
It is they who must give .
Your thoughts
I 'm just laughing at the irony that in their attempts to keep same - sex marriage illegal , they 're trying to keep a same - sex couple married .
Posted by : RainbowPhoenix | Oct 15 , 2009 7:46:32 PM
Let 's see .
Gays get married , move to another state , then file for divorce just so they can get the idea of gay marriage in the door of that state ?
Makes perfect sense to me !
But then , I have been drinking ....
Posted by : ColdCountry | Oct 15 , 2009 8:07:58 PM
I 'm waiting for the case where a bisexual man marries a man in Massachusetts and they then move somewhere where same sex marriage is n't recognized .
The couple breaks up and the bisexual man now meets a woman and wants to marry her .
So he tries to get a divorce , but since the new state did n't recognize his marriage , they wo n't divorce him .
So they will be forcing him to stay sort of married to a gay and prevent him from marrying a woman !!
Or would they prevent it ?
If they are n't recognizing it , does that mean he would be free in that state to marry someone else ?
Posted by : John | Oct 15 , 2009 8:45:05 PM
Sorry , I meant " Guy " in the above , not " Gay " .
Posted by : John | Oct 15 , 2009 8:45:57 PM
Rainbow Phoenix , I love the way you think .
Posted by : Em | Oct 15 , 2009 8:46:34 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
I ’m an author ( of both fiction and non-fiction ) and a freelancer , and though you ’ll find me writing for a lot of the biggest writing blogs out there , Aliventures is my homebase online where I share articles on the art , craft and business of writing .
I live in Leeds ( UK ) with my husband and two kids , and I have degrees in English ( MA Cantab , from Cambridge University ) and Creative & Life Writing ( MA , from Goldsmiths College , University of London ) .
Americans are angry at Wall Street , and rightly so .
First the financial industry plunged us into economic crisis , then it was bailed out at taxpayer expense .
And now , with the economy still deeply depressed , the industry is paying itself gigantic bonuses .
If you are n’t outraged , you have n’t been paying attention .
But crashing the economy and fleecing the taxpayer are n’t Wall Street ’s only sins .
Even before the crisis and the bailouts , many financial - industry high - fliers made fortunes through activities that were worthless if not destructive from a social point of view .
And they ’re still at it .
Consider two recent news stories .
One involves the rise of high - speed trading : some institutions , including Goldman Sachs , have been using superfast computers to get the jump on other investors , buying or selling stocks a tiny fraction of a second before anyone else can react .
Profits from high - frequency trading are one reason Goldman is earning record profits and likely to pay record bonuses .
On a seemingly different front , Sunday ’s Times reported on the case of Andrew J. Hall , who leads an arm of Citigroup that speculates on oil and other commodities .
His operation has made a lot of money recently , and according to his contract Mr. Hall is owed $ 100 million .
If you have been arrested , it was probably tremendously stressful being questioned by law enforcement and thinking you may go to jail .
Of course , the repercussions of a criminal conviction can linger long after jail time is served .
A conviction could affect your ability to get a job , stay in the country , apply for a loan , enroll in college or even find a place to live .
Your freedom and livelihood are at stake .
You need an experienced defense lawyer to protect your rights .
Contact attorney Michael D. Horn right away for a free defense consultation .
Few things are as tiresome as listening to people rant about their conspiracy theories .
While there are , no doubt , tantalizing speculations to be made about the “ inside job ” that demolished the World Trade Center and the nefarious agenda of the global elite , movies about such things do well to involve James Bond and giant explosions .
“ New World Order , ” an unrelentingly tedious documentary by Luke Meyer and Andrew Neel , follows a group of considerably less glamorous truth - seekers .
The most prominent of the filmmakers ’ subjects , the radio host Alex Jones , who is based in Austin , Tex. , rails against the powers that be  all of them  in a manner that reinforces every cliché of the conspiracy theorist loon : paranoid , megalomaniacal , delusional , sweaty .
The documentary ’s most action - packed scene finds Mr. Jones throwing a major hissy fit when his hotel fire alarm goes off , thereby proving , without a shadow of a doubt , that “ they ” are trying to suppress his revelations .
On the ( somewhat ) mellower side , Luke Rudowski , a 21 - year - old New Yorker , spends all his free time distributing fliers and DVDs purporting to uncover the truth about 9/11 .
Seth Jackson , a relief worker in Louisiana , does his part by heckling Bill Clinton and other dark overlords .
A retired police officer , Jack McLamb , meanwhile , has retreated to the safety of a separatist militia group .
There ’s a movie to be made about the psychology of such men , their personal lives and private obsessions .
“ New World Order ” merely gawks at them .
Like staring into two opposite facing mirrors , the video game he buys within each video game is better than the last , until some hyper - virtual asshole is living the best life ever while the rest of us real people are left just to dream .
It ’s been a long road , but Snapture , the pro iPhone camera application , has finally gone legit .
We have covered the app since it was born 18 months ago into the then tumultuous sea of jailbroken iPhone apps , way back before the app store existed .
Now that third - party developers finally have access to the inner workings of the iPhone , Snapture Labs has at last been able to make the application official , and yesterday it went live in the App store .
The application brings the features of the jailbreak , or hacked , version to the store for $ 2 ( the launch price ) , and we can see it becoming rather popular .
Snapture offers a 5 x zoom and pan , using the familiar pinch gestures , it will shoot bursts of up to three frames and even gives a level aid to get the camera straight and avoid droopy horizons .
The application also lets you view and delete photos from within it , rather than having to switch to the Camera Roll as you do with Apple ’s version .
Bowie Gai , Snapture Labs CEO , told us that the move from outsider to legitimate developer was inevitable .
“ No smart businesses would alienate any potential customers , ” he said “ If we had a choice , we ’d go both AppStore and Cydia . ”
This is n’t possible , due to Apple ’s terms , but it seems that the “ cult following of Snapture fans ” is willing to switch to the iTunes store - bought version .
Within 18 hours , Snapture had hit number 29 in the paid app charts and is now at number 23 and rising .
Despite this , Gei still misses the Cydia store , one of two repositories for applications on jailbroken iPhones .
As well as less competition ( around 1000 apps against the 85,000 + on the iTunes Store ) , developers “ can actually pay Cydia a nominal fee to be featured on the front page .
This way a small time developer can get noticed , build brand , iterate and become a household name in the iPhone world . ”
And while it seems that being a “ household name ” amongst people willing to hack their iPhones may not be such a big deal , the figures tell a different story .
In its various non-official incarnations , Snapture has made it onto half a million devices .
Snapture is n’t the only developer to cross over from the dark side .
Twinkle , the Twitter client , switched over , and Tap Tap Revenge started life as Tap Tap Revolution for jailbroken iPhones .
Is Gai hopeful about repeating his success from within the Apple Empire ?
With a user - base of 500,000 , his marketing is already taken care of .
But for most developers the problem , as with everything on the internet , is getting seen .
“ The chance of you making a million dollar one trick pony app is nil , ” Gei told us .
“ More likely than not , a small time developer is considered lucky if the AppStore revenue can cover the development costs . ”
Product page [ iTunes ]
See Also :
You were supposed to meet your friend at the old asylum after school .
When you arrived you saw your friends backpack and heard a loud scream .
Now you you must try to find your friend and escape !
If game fails to load , play here
Well , it looks like most of the Senators on the Senate Judiciary Committee were n't swayed by this morning 's New York Times editorial , which cited this morning 's Committee meeting to consider USA PATRIOT
Act renewal as a " critical chance to add missing civil liberties and privacy protections , address known abuses and trim excesses that contribute nothing to making America safer . "
Instead , the Committee just passed a bill to renew all of the PATRIOT powers that were set to expire at the end of the year , with only a handful of the original reforms that were first proposed by Senators Feingold and Durbin 's JUSTICE Act and Committee Chairman Leahy 's original PATRIOT renewal bill .
Instead of adding more protections to the bill , as EFF and the Times have been urging ( along with many other Americans who have been organizing Facebook and Twitter activism around PATRIOT reform ) , the Committee this morning voted to accept seven Republican amendments to the USA PATRIOT Act Sunset Extension
Act to remove the few civil liberties protections left in the bill after it was already watered down at last Thursday 's Committee meeting .
Surprisingly and disappointingly , most of those amendments were recommended to their Republican sponsors by the Obama Administration .
After voting on amendments ( vote counts and text of the amendments are now available on the Committee 's web site ) , the Committee voted to pass the PATRIOT bill itself , 11 to 8 .
Some Democrats voted against it , agreeing with us that it did n't protect civil liberties enough , while some Republicans voted against it because of the few meager privacy improvements it did include .
Those who voted AYE :
Leahy , D - Vermont
Kohl , D - Wisconsin
Feinstein , D- California
Schumer , D - New York
Cardin , D - Maryland
Whitehouse , D - Rhode Island
Klobuchar , D- Minnesota
Kaufman , D - Delaware
Franken , D-Minnesota
Kyl , R - Arizona
Cornyn , R - Texas
Those who voted NAY :
Feingold , D - Wisconsin
Durbin , D - Illinois
Specter , D- Pennsylvania
Sessions , R- Alabama
Hatch , R - Utah
Grassley , R - Iowa
Graham , R - South Carolina
Coburn , R- Oklahoma
EFF extends its heartfelt gratitude to the only three Democrats who continually stood up for civil liberties throughout this process and ultimately voted no on the final bill : Senators Feingold , Durbin and Specter .
We particularly thank Senator Durbin for doing his best to pass an amendment to reform the government 's authority to issue National Security Letters ( NSLs ) for Americans ' records without having to show any connection between the records sought to a suspected terrorist or spy , and Senator Specter for cosponsoring Senator Feingold 's ultimately unsuccessful attempt to pass an amendment to let the so - called " lone wolf " wiretapping authority expire .
We especially thank Senator Feingold for offering an amendment to stop the government from using last summer 's FISA Amendments
Act to conduct " bulk collection " of Americans ' phone calls and Internet communications , even though that amendment was ultimately withdrawn and not voted on after procedural objections from Chairman Leahy .
Finally , we congratulate Senator Feingold on the success of his amendment to require that the government " minimize " the records that it obtains with NSLs .
As for the others on the Committee , and especially the Obama Administration : you let down the American people today , undermining our constitutional rights and endorsing a bill that does n't do nearly enough to protect our privacy .
We look forward to taking this fight to the floor of the Senate .
To do that , though , we need the help of concerned citizens like you : if you have n't already , please contact your Senator now to support the reforms in the JUSTICE Act , which may still be attached to the bill when it is debated by the full Senate .
This fight is n't over by a long shot .
Signup for my email list at http://www.jasonslist.com
[ disclaimer : written with boiling blood ]
Background / Disclaimer
=============================
When confronted with an abuse of power , an injustice or a scam I ’ve developed a really effective technique : I blog , tweet and whine about it passionately for as long as possible .
Basically , I do this until people get sick of me ( some of you reading this have at various times told me this –I ’m sorry ! ) .
I ’ve learned over the years that this process is wildly effective in the long - term and has the added bonus of being great therapy .
It ’s a way for me to relieve the dissonance associated with the injustice , perceived or real , that I see .
So , I fight .
You see , where I grew up , you said what you felt and let the chips fall where they may .
If you liked the Giants in a room full of Jet fans , well , tough s@#$t Jets fans ( and Jet fans have a horrible existence anyway ) .
My Irish mom and Greek dad are as opinionated as they come , and our dinner table was filled with healthy debate .
So were the steps of the Brownstone where my brother and our crew sat all summer long in the 70’s and 80s , battling over the finer points of Star Wars , Yankees , X - Men and Howard Stern .
It probably did n’t help that I grew up in my dad ’s bar .
I watched him put an end to countless bar fights by clever debate techniques ( i.e .
“ is this really worth fighting over when we could be all be enjoying this amazing bottle of wine ? ” ) .
Of course , when that did n’t work he would slam the offender ’s heads into the mailbox on the corner of 89th and 3rd avenue .
It ’s probably still got the dents in it , I should go check .
Ahh… the good old times .
I ’m from the bottom , so I still feel like I ’m from the bottom .
In fact , my biggest fear in life is that at some point I ’ll stop feeling like that .
This is a long way of explaining to you guys where I ’m coming from when you see me wound up like I am today .
Father forgive me for the rant I ’m about to go on … you see , I ’m simply programmed to fight .
My Latest War : Angels charging startups to pitch =================
Recently , I was made aware of a group of angel investors that were charging startups to pitch them .
Yes , you heard that correctly : the rich people ( angels ) are charging the poor people ( startup entrepreneurs desperate for cash to fuel their dreams ) to hear their pitch .
No , I ’m not kidding .
This is actually happening — and it ’s widespread .
Last week , a number of the TechCrunch50 companies informed me about firms calling them to present at their “ Angel forums ” — only to discover that they would face fees ranging from $ 1,000 to $ 6,000 for a
10 - 15 minute pitch slot .
After additionally investigation by the Jason Nation ( the top 10 % of the maniacs who follow me on Twitter ) , I was sent details of one epic bastard that wanted $ 10 - $ 25,000 , plus a couple of percentage points of the value of the deal ( you ’ll find out who later in this email ) .
When I heard this , my blood started to boil immediately .
So , I did what any maniacal , self - absorbed CEO from Brooklyn would do : I started a jihad against this dispicable form of payola and the people doing it .
It ’s on people … it ’s on like a Donkey Kong .
Why it ’s wrong to charge startups to pitch ===========
I ’ve been in the startup scene since 1994 and in those 15 years I ’ve met , interviewed — and in some cases , pitched — the most powerful investors in technology .
None of them have ever charged me a dime for doing so .
Why ?
BECAUSE THEY ARE RICH !
It ’s low - class , inappropriate and predatory for a rich person to ask an entrepreneur to PAY THEM for 15 minutes of their time .
Seriously , what is the cost to the party hearing the pitch ?
If you answered “ nothing ” or “ the cost of two cups of coffee ” you win the prize !
Even if you rent a hotel room and put out breakfast for your fellow angel investors that ’s like $ 20 a person .
You mean to tell me that a room full of rich investors ca n’t afford to pay for their own God - damned $ 20 in bad coffee , stale pastry and stained ballroom rugs ?
Really ?
To be clear , I am making this a class war because it is one : cash - poor startups are bringing RICH angel investors an opportunity to become EVEN MORE RICH .
As such , the rich folks should pick up the non-existent to minimal costs .
Why startups fall for “ angel group ” payola ===========
Now , you ask : why would any self - respecting entrepreneur pay thousands of dollars to rich people just for the opportunity to pitch ?
Well , the truth is that the more mature — or flat out better — startups would never pay to present .
The best ideas by the best entrepreneurs get socialized instantly .
As an new angel investor myself , one who has only done two investments of $ 25,000 and $ 50,000 , I can tell you that I already get flooded with pitches .
I ca n’t even imagine the volume of pitches real angel investors like Matt Coffin , Sandy Climan , Sky Dayton , Tony Hsieh and Ron Conway get inundated with .
This means that the only people who would pay to present are the entrepreneurs who are either “ less good ” or less connected .
Now , I ’m being diplomatic here in saying “ less good , ” in many cases , these are n’t just folks who lack a track record : they ’re simply pursuing a bad idea .
In other words , if this was Hollywood , the folks who pay to present to investors are ugly , unpopular and lack talent .
I know , that ’s harsh but I ’m afraid it is true .
If you ’re idea is good it will spread–even if you have no track record .
If you ’re only option is to pay to get in front of these folks you ’ve probably got an idea that is weak or bad .
Not always , but probably .
Or maybe you ’re a little naive or desperate to get things going –I do n’t blame you for this startups .
Now , before you go saying “ Jason is connected and he has access to angels ” remember that I hustled my way into this industry from nothing .
I networked at free conferences and figured out a way to get on the radar of uber - angels like Ted Leonsis , Fred Wilson and Mark Cuban .
They paid attention to me because I had good ideas .
If my ideas had sucked , they would have ignored me .
Period .
These pay - for - play scams remind me of the “ modeling agencies ” that charge people for representation , acting lessons and to have their headshots done .
Trust me kids , Brad Pitt and Kate Moss did not pay to get representation –they did n’t have to .
If you ’re paying to get an agent , it ’s because you ’re being scammed .
What about ‘ presenting fees ’ acting as a ‘ filter ’ ?
===========
The folks who run these scams are going to feed you some line of B.S .
like “ we use these fees to filter out people who are n’t serious . ”
They ’ll say something like “ if we did n’t charge these fees , we would n’t be able to filter through all the applications . ”
Really ?
Well , the angels investors I know are really busy and they do n’t charge fees .
If Mark Cuban and Ted Leonsis — two really busy dudes running a dozen projects each — do n’t charge why they hell do you ?
Oh yeah , right , you ’re predatory DBs looking to double dip !
Classy .
It ’s your job as an angel investors to do the filtering and that should come out of YOUR RETURNS on your investments .
If you have to charge it ’s because either a ) you ’re a predatory DB or b ) you suck at investing so much that your returns can’t pay for the time that you spend evaluating companies .
… or maybe c ) you are actually a good person who has just never thought about how smarmy it is to charge a startup for your time ?
I ’m willing to suspend judgement for a moment and consider all of those options .
What do we want ?
===========
At this point I ’m calling on all angel groups who are charging to do two things immediately :
1. disclose what fees they * were * charging , displayed prominently on the top - level of their website .
2. immediately state that they will never charge these fees — again , displayed prominently on the top level of their website .
If that is done , well , then this battle is over .
We ’ve accomplished our goal and everyone can get back to their day jobs .
However , if this is not done immediately , my group of startup CEOs and angel investors will begin targeting specific groups for elimination .
We will launch competing , fee - free events directly opposite your events .
We will encourage angels investors , service providers and startups to boycott your events .
You may even find our street teams outside your events handing out flyers .
This is n’t a joke and this is a threat : stop charging startup companies to present or we will do everything we can to put you out of business with a competing , free option .
Now , if you think this is too hardcore and you do n’t like my style , well , I can understand that .
If you would rather take this offline and try to work something out , well , that ’s not available as an option .
There is not going to be any kind of negotiation and I ’m not going to meet you for coffee .
Also , I do n’t care what you think of me and I certainly do n’t care if you email my investors ( like one group has started doing ) to tell them I ’m out of control .
The people who invest in me know exactly who they are investing in .
In fact , one reason they back me is because I am a little out of control .
Deal with it .
Angel Groups
We ’re Investigating
===========
1. Keiretsu Forum ( $ 1,000 to $ 8,000 to present according to sources )
The first group that was brought to my attention is something called the Keiretsu Forum .
They have chapters all over the world , it seems , and they ’ve been doing their program for a long time .
I ’m told by people that they charge between $ 1,000 to $ 8,000 to present and that a lot of good folks are involved .
This is not publicly available
information : they hide it !
Now , if there are so many ‘ good people ’
involved , well , that ’s great because good people will understand where startup companies are coming from when they demand that Keiretsu Forum drop their fees .
If you have information about this group , please email it to me at jason at calacanis.com .
We especially want to hear from folks who have been asked to pay or who have paid .
Send us the documents please .
2. Maverick Angels ( $ 500 to $ 1,000 to present ) .
This group is a splinter group from Keiretsu we ’re told .
They hide their fees in a “ boot camp ” to prepare you to pitch ( what a joke ) .
If you have details on this group , again , send it to me .
3. PrivateEquityForums.com ( stunnning $ 14,500 to $ 25,000 plus 3 - 5 % of your raise to present ! )
We ’ve received information that Mike Segal of Joshua Capital Partners runs this forum that is looking for up to $ 25,000 and / or 3 - 10 % of how much you raise !
I ’m in shock by this one … could this possibly be true ?
Do you know anyone who has attended this event or , worse , actually paid these fees ?
If so , I need you to email me immediately .
4. Tech Super Club ( $ 595 to present ) .
This seems like a small event , but folks tell me they are charging
$ 595 to pitch to angels .
5. Angels Den UK ( £ 850 + 5 % of raised funds )
Across the pond we have another reported payola scam that is looking for big upside in introducing you to angels .
Disgusting !
Send us the details of this one if you have them !
In Summary
==================
To recap the email quickly :
a) There is no circumstance where an angel investing group should charge a startup to pitch
b) We ’ve launched an investigation into these groups and need any information you have
c ) If you would spread the word about this issue by discussing it with angel investors and startups we would appreciate it
d ) We are demanding that angel groups waive all fees starting today
e ) We are going to crush any group that does n’t comply with our demands
f ) There is no negotiation
g ) Angel forums upset by this email : Jason does n’t care what you think of him and could care less if you email his investors , his mother or the Principal of the Internet to complain about his bad behavior ( plus these folks get emails all the time and are used to it ) .
JCAL out
LLVM Logo
The LLVM logo is a stylized wyvern ( a kind of dragon ) .
Dragons have connotations of power , speed and intelligence , and can also be sleek , elegant , and modular ( err , maybe not ) .
In addition , there is a series of influential compiler books going back to 1977 which featured dragons on the cover .
Here is the image in a couple of sizes : Derivative Versions
Here are several derivative versions of the dragon logo , which may be more suitable for use as icons etc .
These were contributed by Teresa Chang : Usage Rights
This dragon image is owned by Apple Inc. and is available for your download and use royalty - free .
By downloading this image , Apple grants you , and you accept , a non-exclusive license to use this image .
All right , title and interest in the image , including the copyright therein , is retained by Apple .
Full Resolution Image Adobe Illustrator Version
Regulating for an independent media :
The problems of political and commercial bias
Matthew Ellman , Fabrizio Germano
Is there a crisis in the media and journalism ?
This column argues that advertising has seriously interfered with the quality , accuracy , and breadth of content and programming in the media .
It calls for vigorous competition in media markets and public funding of informative media as a public good .
There is a crisis in media and journalism , and policymakers have to tackle both political and commercial influence in the media .
Political bias has been thoroughly analysed in the economics literature , but commercial bias has received markedly less attention than it deserves .
For decades , commercial interests delayed public awareness of tobacco health risks ; health risks went essentially unreported in the mainstream press ( Baker 1994 ; Bagdikian 2004 ) and the public health literature provides systematic evidence on the role of tobacco advertising .
Reporting on climate change and its causes suffered similar delays ( Boykoff and Boykoff 2004 ; Boykoff 2008 ; Oreskes 2004 ) .
More recently , some critics are suggesting that business interests ( especially of insurance and pharmaceutical companies ) are impeding an informed and balanced media debate on healthcare reform in the US .
Others claim that a truly independent media could have helped to avert or mitigate the current financial and housing crises .
A more general criticism is that media ' dumbed - down ' , substituting hard news with soft news , such as personal , emotional and celebrity stories ( as documented in Hamilton 2004 ) .
In a recent article , we show how advertising can seriously interfere with the quality , accuracy , and breadth of content and programming in the media ( Ellman and Germano 2009 ) .
Biased content is most likely when competition amongst media outlets is limited or when advertisers are large and can threaten to withdraw their advertising business from the media .
The analysis extends to media dependence on any business or state actors that can substantially affect media company profits .
Analysing the delicate interaction between advertisers , financiers , media outlets , and media audiences within a two - sided markets framework generates new insights for policymakers .
Our work points to the need for independent media and makes the case for promoting competition and public funding .
Mechanisms of influence
There are two basic mechanisms , beyond direct ownership , through which businesses can distort media reporting .
First , the media earn a share of advertising surplus and can therefore benefit from making advertising more effective .
Frequent reporting on cancer lowers returns to tobacco advertising .
Reports linking carbon emissions to global warming may put off viewers from buying fuel - intensive cars .
Relaxing and dumbed - down programme content appears to enhance most types of television advertising .
How far these advertiser preferences influence media outcomes depends on the structure of the media and advertising markets .
There is a subtle interaction between the two sides – advertisers and readers – of media markets : even if all advertisers want the same distortion , increased advertising can actually reduce distortions , because the growing advertising surplus leads newspapers to compete more intensely for each reader .
This result provides strong support for regulation to maintain competition .
Second , large advertisers can influence even competing media outlets by threatening to withdraw their advertising ; numerous small advertisers can exert influence if they share a common interest and can coordinate ( e.g. , when represented by an advertising agency ) .
As a result , media competition alone is not always sufficient to prevent commercial media bias .
Trends and current media difficulties
The global financial and economic crises have taken away attention from another crisis – the crisis in media and journalism which pre-dates the others and is now deepening and accelerating .
Important newspapers around the world have been shutting down , while others file for bankruptcy or are on the verge of doing so .
US newspapers have been particularly hard hit – a recent Pew study shows that 15,000 US journalists lost their jobs in 2008 .
The European Federation of Journalists warns of similar concerns in Europe ( Phillips , 2009 ) .
Given the vital importance of the media , this problem deserves urgent attention .
The simplest response to media collapse – allowing media companies to merge – is unwise .
Some media economists disagree , but their view derives from focusing on ideological , especially demand - driven , bias , where market concentration is somewhat less of a concern .
Our research underlines sharply the need to maintain vigorous competition .
The hope that the internet by itself will save journalism is not convincing either .
The internet presents significant threats as well as important opportunities .
Websites permit individuals to reach potentially vast audiences , but there remain important fixed costs , such as in building and maintaining a reputation for quality and breadth .
The combination of high fixed costs and minimal variable costs lead some experts to predict more severe market concentration in the mass audience segments than in traditional media .
So far , media providers on the web have had difficulty getting audiences to pay for news ; both subscription and micro-payment models have mostly failed .
Advertisers are concerned that internet users are less receptive to news - bundled online advertising , and newspapers have lost classified advertising to specialist websites like Craigslist .
To add to the troubles , telephone and cable companies are now seeking to extract greater profits by charging content providers for audience access .
Such departures from “ net neutrality ” are hotly contested .
A strong form of net neutrality is necessary if the internet is to fulfil its greatest promise ; that of a potentially immense diversity of sites that can be created and accessed by anyone from anywhere .
The future development of the internet remains an open question , but it is sobering to recall that the hopes for radical improvements from an earlier technological innovation – radio – went largely unrealised .
Policy recommendations
Our analysis points to two types of policy response .
First , it reiterates the importance of regulating for vigorous competition in media markets .
Second , it calls for public funding of informative media as a public good , with designs that aim for maximal editorial independence .
The independence challenge is not unlike that faced by central banks .
It is more complex and will require ongoing attention to rules and mechanism design , but creating a wide range of media alternatives at least guarantees a diversity of types of bias .
Some options include :
creating national endowments for journalism and media to ensure long - term financial independence
allocating funds to content - providers as a function of audience and / or via a range of voting mechanisms
expansion of the public broadcasting model to provide space and visibility for these outside content - providers
subsidising investigative reporting ( at the local , national , and international levels ) as well as professional training for journalists
subsidising media infrastructure ( see e.g. , Obama and Gordon Brown ’s commitments to breach the digital divide )
removing advertising from public TV stations , as imminent in France and Spain .
This reduces commercial bias of their content and pressures their competitors to reduce bias ; it also shifts ad revenues to private media , complementing plans to subsidise media consumption and media entry .
Ackerman and Ayres ( 2009 ) , Cohen ( 2009 ) , and Lambert ( 2007 ) discuss these and related proposals in depth .
Doing nothing or reducing media competition ( deregulating ) in response to the current financial straits of our media is definitely the wrong answer .
References
Ackerman , B. , and I. Ayres ( 2009 ) , “ A National Endowment for Journalism , ” The Guardian , 31/08/2009 .
Bagdikian , B.H. ( 2004 ) , The New Media Monopoly , Boston : Beacon Press .
Baker , C.E. ( 1994 ) , Advertising and a Democratic Press , Princeton : Princeton University Press .
Boykoff , M.T. ( 2008 ) , “ Lost in Translation ?
United States Television News Coverage of Anthropogenic Climate Change , 1995 – 2004 , ” Climatic Change , 86 ( 1 - 2 ) , 1 -11 .
Boykoff , M.T. , and J.M. Boykoff ( 2004 ) , “ Balance and Bias : Global Warming and the US Prestige Press , ” Global Environmental Change , 14 ( 2 ) , 125-136 .
Cohen , J. ( 2009 ) , “ Reflections on Information Technology and Democracy , ” Boston Review , 3 April 2009 .
Curran , J. ( 2002 ) , Media and Power , London : Routledge .
Ellman , M. , and F. Germano ( 2009 ) , “ What do the Papers Sell ?
A Model of Advertising and Media Bias , ” Economic Journal , 119 , 680-704 .
Hamilton , J.T. ( 2004 ) , All the News that ’s Fit to Sell , Princeton : Princeton University Press .
Lambert , R. ( 2007 ) , “ The Future of the News in the Digital Era , ” Economic Affairs , June 2007 .
Oreskes , N. ( 2004 ) , “ Beyond the Ivory Tower : The Scientific Consensus on Climate Change , ” Science , 306 , 1686 .
Phillips , L. ( 2009 ) , “ Emergency Call on EU to Save Journalism , ” EU Observer , 25/03/09 .
A little - noticed tidbit in Saturday ’s Washington Post is sure to raise eyebrows among liberal supporters of a gorvernment - run healthcare plan : the plan is likely to be administered by a private insurance company , the very companies that progressive activists are trying to unseat .
The public - option debate is frustrating some Democrats , who have come to believe that a government - run plan is neither as radical as its conservative critics have portrayed , nor as important as its liberal supporters contend .
Any public plan is likely to have a relatively narrow scope , as it would be offered only to people who do n’t have access to coverage through an employer .
The public option would effectively be just another insurance plan offered on the open market .
It would likely be administered by a private insurance provider , charging premiums and copayments like any other policy .
In an early estimate of the House bill , the Congressional Budget Office forecast that fewer than 12 million people would buy insurance through the government plan .
ADVERTISEMENT
Supporters of the public plan contend that it will help to trim healthcare costs , as a public insurer would n’t need to generate profits .
Health insurance companies typically earn profits of around two to four percent , which amounts to billions of dollars for some firms .
A physicians ’ group notes that the bills authorize the government to contract with “ corporations ” that will create a “ public option . ”
“ Both bills authorize the Secretary to contract with corporations to conduct unspecified activities that will somehow lead to the creation of an “ option ” program throughout the country , ” Kip Sullivan at Physicians for a National Health Program writes .
He continues :
Advocates of a “ public option ” claim that the “ option ” will look like Medicare .
They say this about the “ option ” in both bills that have been introduced to date – the House “ reform ” bill , HR 3200 , and the bill written by the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions ( HELP ) committee .
But this statement is not true .
Medicare is larger than any private insurance company ; the “ option ” in both bills will be small .
The traditional Medicare program is a single program with uniform benefits ; the “ option ” in both bills will be a balkanized program that may not be available in all parts of the country .
Medicare is administered by public employees ; the “ options ” in both bills will be administered by private - sector corporations , some or all of which will be insurance companies .
The “ option ” in neither bill resembles Medicare … .
As the preceding rather convoluted description of MACs and contracting administrators suggests , neither the HELP bill nor HR 3200 makes it easy for readers to grasp that corporations , not public employees , will create , and probably run , the “ option ” program .
Neither bill comes right out and says , “ The Secretary shall hire private - sector corporations to create and run as many health insurance companies as is necessary to make health insurance available for sale to the non-elderly in each health insurance market in America . ”
Nor is that fact being ballyhooed by the bills ’ authors and proponents .
But it ’s an important feature for “ option ” supporters to understand because it undermines the claim “ option ” advocates make over and over that the “ option ” will look like Medicare .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Senate Health Committee bill includes a public option ; the Senate Finance Committee bill does not .
Senate Democrats are pushing to include an “ opt - out ” or “ trigger ” public health option in their final bill , which would unsettle some Democratic moderates but not to the point where they ’d join a Republican filibuster .
In the House , Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - CA ) is whipping votes for a “ robust ” public option , to give negotiators between the two chambers leverage in order to have some form of the public option be included in a final bill .
Rocky Mountain Health Plans , a Colorado health insurer , announced in a press release Monday that they will cover “ heavy ” babies after a story revealed the insurer had denied coverage to a healthy infant who weighed 17 pounds .
“ A recent situation in which we denied coverage to a heavy , yet healthy , infant brought to our attention a flaw in our underwriting system for approving infants , ” Steve ErkenBrack , president of the insurer said in a release Monday .
“ Because we are a small company dedicated to the people of Colorado , we are pleased to be in a position to act quickly .
We have changed our policy , corrected our underwriting guidelines and are working to notify the parents of the infant who we earlier denied . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
RAW STORY has learned that the parents of Alex Lange , the infant who was denied , will appear on Monday night ’s The Ed Show on MSNBC .
In their release , the insurer said parents seeking individual coverage for their infants was a new trend , writing , “ Underwriting for this age group is a relatively new process . ”
Raw Story ’s earlier story follows .
As if there were n’t enough problems with health insurance companies : a new report reveals that insurance companies now deny coverage to babies that are above the 95th percentile for height or weight after they are born , effectively considering their size a “ pre-existing condition . ”
In a report published this weekend , The Denver Post revealed the story of Alex Lange , “ a chubby , dimpled , healthy and happy 4 - month - old . ”
Lange ’s parents say he was denied coverage because he’s in the 99th percentile for infant weight .
Rocky Mountain Health
Plans turned him down , saying insurers do n’t take babies over the 95th percentile , no matter how healthy they are .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I could understand if we could control what he ’s eating .
But he ’s 4 months old .
He ’s breast - feeding .
We ca n’t put him on the Atkins diet or on a treadmill , ” his frustrated father , Bernie Lange , told the Post .
“ There is just something absurd about denying an infant . ”
Bernie and Kelli Lange tried to get insurance for their growing family with Rocky Mountain Health Plans when their current insurer raised their rates 40 percent after Alex was born .
They filled out the paperwork and awaited approval , figuring their family is young and healthy .
But the broker who was helping them find new insurance called Thursday with news that shocked them .
” ‘ Your baby is too fat , ’ she told me , ” Bernie said .
Up until then , the Langes had been happy with Alex ’s healthy appetite and prodigious weight gain .
His pediatrician had never mentioned any weight concerns about the baby they call their “ happy little chunky monkey . ”
His brother had trouble putting on weight , his parents say , so they ’ve been more conscious in feeding their new son .
Later , the story noted :
ADVERTISEMENT
At birth , Alex weighed a normal 8 1/4 pounds .
On a diet of strictly breast milk , his weight has more than doubled .
He weighs about 17 pounds and is about 25 inches long .
“ I ’m not going to withhold food to get him down below that number of 95 , ” Kelli Lange said .
“ I ’m not going to have him screaming because he ’s hungry . ”
More details on the Lange ’s saga can be read here .
ADVERTISEMENT
The question of weight is n’t purely academic when it comes to health insurance , but studies suggesting higher premiums for people with higher “ body mass index ” measurements give only tepid support to such a pricing scheme .
Those with very high BMIs do cost insurers more , though the correlation is weaker than some might suspect .
On one hand , statistically , people who are obese ( BMI above 29.9 ) have higher insurance costs than those who have healthy weights ( BMI of 19 to 25 ) .
The CDC estimates that as much as 10 percent of U.S. health care costs are due to overweight and obese people .
So perhaps they should pay a higher premium for their health care .
However , I do n’t think folks with a BMI of 27 or 28 cost insurers much more than someone with a BMI of 25 — I just have n’t seen the evidence — and almost certainly they do n’t cost 20 percent more .
So I do n’t think that ’s fair .
Moreover , most football players , because of their high muscle mass , have BMIs above 30 , so what of those people who lift weights ?
And finally , it is true that someone with a BMI in the high 20s or low 30s who exercises regularly is more healthy than a couch potato with a healthy weight .
You can calculate your own body mass index here .
In a little more than two weeks , Maine residents will go to the polls to vote on a measure that would build on the state 's decade - old existing medical marijuana law by creating a system of dispensaries .
Despite some grumbling from the usual suspects and announced opposition from some not - so - usual suspects , proponents of the measure say they are confident it will win easily on November 3 .
Maine coast
Establish a system of nonprofit dispensaries which would be overseen and tightly regulated by the state ;
Establish a voluntary identification card for medical marijuana patients and caregivers ;
Protect patients and caregivers from arrest , search and seizure unless there is suspicion of abuse ;
Create new protections for qualified patients and providers in housing , education , employment and child custody ;
Allow patients with Lou Gehrig 's disease and Alzheimer 's disease access to medical marijuana ;
Require the Department of Health and Human Services to develop a procedure for expanding the list of conditions for which marijuana can be used ; and
Keeps current allowable marijuana quantities at 2.5 ounces and six plants .
Sponsored by Maine Citizens for Patient Rights and the Maine Medical Marijuana Policy Initiative , and funded primarily by the Drug Policy Alliance , the Maine Medical Marijuana
Act would :
When voters go to the polls on November 3 to vote on Question 5 , the Medical Marijuana Act , this is the question they will be asked : " Do you want to change the medical marijuana laws to allow treatment of more medical conditions and to create a regulated system of distribution ? "
" We feel the campaign is in really good shape right now , " said Jonathan Leavitt , who is leading the charge for the initiative .
The existing law needs reform to make it workable , Leavitt said .
" In the 10 years since the medical marijuana law went into effect , it has barely been utilized because patients have not had a legal means of obtaining their medicine except to grow their own , and that 's just not workable for a seriously ill patient , " he said .
" With this measure , qualified patients will have full access to their medicine through the establishment of not - for - profit medical marijuana dispensaries . "
The measure 's language protecting patients from discrimination in housing , employment , and child custody issues is necessary because patients have suffered in the past , Leavitt said .
" This will provide a security blanket for qualified patients by really putting in black and white the full legal protections they need . "
The child custody provision says that medical marijuana patients cannot be denied visitation or custody of a minor child unless their behavior is " unreasonably dangerous to the minor . "
That provision drew criticism from the Maine Prosecutors Association , which announced last month it is opposing the measure , but is not putting money into doing so .
" This law reeks of paranoia that the entire criminal justice system is not to be trusted , " said association president Evert Fowle , without a hint of irony .
Medical marijuana patients across the country , including Maine , have seen their children seized or have lost custody battles solely because of their medical marijuana use or production .
Physicians in Maine can be found on both sides of the question .
Dr. John Woytowicz , a family physician in Augusta , told the Maine Public Broadcasting Network , " I do n't start with medical marijuana as the first choice for a medical condition .
It 's part of a whole assessment of what can be done for a given condition .
And I put it very frankly to the patient that I would like to explore all opportunities and this could be one of the options as well .
My experience is for the appropriate patient , it can be a good option for them , and most people have been benefitted by it with the minimal amount of side effects . "
Mark Publicker , an addiction specialist with Mercy Recovery Center in Westbrook , told MPBN , " I would advocate for limiting access to marijuana and not to regard it as a medication . "
The measure has drawn fire from one unexpected direction : the Maine Vocals , a group of longtime marijuana and medical marijuana legalization activists .
The Vocals and its offshoot , Maine Citizens for Medical Marijuana , have announced they oppose the initiative .
" I favor what we have now and working to make it better , " said Maine Vocals founder Don Christen .
" But this is n't the way .
They 're just instilling the government into this program , and the government does n't want it to work , " he said .
" The initiative puts DHS in charge of the distribution centers and the overall medical marijuana law , and we 're not happy about that because that 's the department that has been taking people 's children away , " said Christen .
" DHS is like law enforcement when it comes to medical marijuana .
We would like instead to see it in a different department 's hands , and with a board of patients and doctors instead of politicians . "
" When it came to administering the dispensaries , it was either law enforcement or the Department of Human Services , " Leavitt replied .
" We thought DHS would be a better fit for questions around the medicinal use of marijuana .
DHS also has a mandate to deal with child custody issues , so we included the child custody language because we want it crystal clear that patients will be protected , including around these issues . "
Christen also took issue with the $ 5,000 fee required of dispensary operators .
" That 's a bit ridiculous , " he snorted .
" The cost will be prohibitive for a lot of people . "
Leavitt responded that such fees had worked in other states and that they were necessary to ensure the measure did not impose a burden on taxpayers .
Christen also objected to the patient ID card system on both philosophical and practical grounds .
" After 9/11 , Maine opted out of the federal Real ID program , " he said .
" We do n't believe in making lists of everybody up here .
And the ID card system gives rights and privileges to those with cards that other patients do n't have . "
About that , Christen is correct , but only to a point .
To enjoy the full protections of the measure , patients , caregivers , and dispensary operators must register with the state and obtain an ID card .
Qualifying patients who do not obtain an ID card could still be subject to arrest , but could present their status as medical marijuana patients as an affirmative defense to prosecution and move to have the charges dismissed .
But those same patients can be arrested today .
Christen also complained that the measure would bar people who have marijuana felonies from acting as caregivers or dispensary operators or employees .
" Those who have marijuana felonies , including myself , will be taken out of the picture , " he said , noting that he himself had only gotten out of jail on a marijuana charge 10 days ago .
" We say they have n't read the bill , " Leavitt responded .
" They talk about how they are fearful they will be knocked out of the loop because they are marijuana felons , but marijuana felons would not be considered felons under this measure . "
Actually , the language is a bit ambiguous .
It says that someone convicted of a " felony drug offense " cannot be affiliated with a dispensary , but also says that does n't apply if the felony is more than 10 years old or if it was " an offense that consisted of conduct that would have been permitted under this chapter . "
Whether Christen would qualify might depend on whether the medical marijuana growing he was convicted for was found to be consistent with the new law 's cultivation provisions , and perhaps with yet - to - be - written regulations .
Leavitt was n't pleased with the not - so - friendly fire .
" The Maine Vocals just have n't done the work to get something on the ballot , let alone passed , " Leavitt said .
" They 're doing a great disservice to patients by speaking out against us . "
But even with the criticism from the Vocals , it appears that Maine will be the next medical marijuana state to adopt the dispensary system .
TMRA 2010
TMRA 2010 will take place end of September this year in Leipzig .
Please find more information here
TMRA 2009 will be the fifth event in the annual series of international conferences on Topic Maps Research and Applications .
TMRA is the advanced scientific and industrial forum whose main object is connecting the key players in the Topic Maps community .
Here you will find researchers and users in government and industry , as well as the vendors , the luminaries , and the standards creators gathered for an exchange of ideas in a stimulating setting .
Topic Maps is a semantic technology designed for the integration of information , and is as such closely connected with other information - centric technologies .
TMRA is the melting pot where Topic Maps meets adjacent technologies .
Researchers from related disciplines are explicitly invited to present their efforts towards the advancement of semantic technologies .
Some examples , from a remarkably incomplete listing , are : markup languages , data modelling , natural language processing , cognitive science , philosophy , and software engineering .
Besides the keynotes , presented by leading heads of the Topic Maps community , the conference schedule covers parallel science - and industry - oriented tracks , poster and demonstration sessions .
The latest ideas from the community are discussed in the open - space sessions .
TMRA features a full day of tutorials prior to the regular conference program .
Tutorials@TMRA provides a plat- form to present and attend high quality lectures in the field of Topic Maps .
The tutorials offer an opportunity to learn about new areas of Topic Maps research , to get an introduction to important established topics , or to develop higher skill levels in already familiar areas .
TMRA – the international conferences on Topic Maps Research and Applications – take place annually in autumn in Leipzig , Germany .
It is organised by the Zentrum für Informations - , Wissens - und Dienstleistungsmanagement e.V..
We are always looking for original , high quality papers with substantial contributions .
In 2009 the TMRA proceedings will appear in the LIV series , published by the University of Leipzig .
The conference language is English .
Submission deadline for all contributions is early summer .
Powering the hypothetical electric supercar will be one 134 - horsepower electric motor per wheel for a total of 536 pure horses and an exciting 738 lb - ft of torque ( 1,000 Nm ) .
The run to 60 mph is predictable to be dispatched in well under four seconds , though the top speed may be capped at 155 mph
What makes the e2 even more attractive is that it will take only 30 minutes to power up to a full electric charge .
PRESS RELEASE :
e -WOLF .
The new technology leader has created a new automobile category : extreme electric sports cars .
With acceleration values on the edge of technical feasibility .
The e-1 by car manufacturer e-WOLF GmbH is a first : an ultralight carbon / aluminium - construction chassis with innovative flat cell technology , formula racing technology and approval for on - road use .
Thanks to its innovation and technology , the e- 1 achieves performance values that have been impossible in its class until now : 0 - 100 km/h in under 5 seconds .
For safety reasons , its top speed is limited to 250 km /h .
e-WOLF differentiates itself in the market by virtue of its consistent use of lightweight construction elements in addition to its 100 % electrical drive system .
All of the technologies , components and assemblies it uses are “ Made in Germany ” .
Revolutionary battery technology
A Li-Tec battery with CERIO ® flat cells is the key component .
It features a higher temperature tolerance and improved safety relative to other technologies .
This innovation was nominated for the 2007 German Future Prize , a great honour .
Its special low - volume composite anodes can store significantly more energy than most other products now in the market .
Each flat cell ( the battery has a total of 84 ) weighs just 1 kg and measures 23 x 18 cm .
That means it is only a bit larger than an exercise book .
Another important aspect of the Li-Tec battery with CERIO ® flat cells is its cycle stability and unrivalled service life ( 10 years ) and range ( over 300 km ) .
That makes Li-Tec the spearhead of current flat cell development .
Model variants and marketing
To demonstrate the technology , an open - wheeled version of the e-WOLF electric sports car will be exhibited at the IAA 2009 .
e-WOLF has planned its sales launch ( customised limited edition ) for the beginning of 2010 .
“ Our aim is to offer a 2 - seater extreme sports car in 2011 : the e-WOLF e - 2 , ” said Kai Schönenberg , Marketing Manager at e-WOLF GmbH .
“ It will achieve dynamic vehicle performance that is sure to be very impressive . ”
This innovative 4 - wheel drive vehicle will be powered by 4 high - performance electric motors with direct coupling .
“ Here at e-WOLF , we can certainly envisage our e- 2 participating in a 24 - hour race in the next few years , ” said Schönenberg .
e-WOLF is being marketed worldwide , with promotions concentrating initially on the Near East and Japan .
e-WOLF is in a different league – it does not compete with the big sports car manufacturers .
e-WOLF targets a market segment that has been neglected until now : extreme sports cars for a particularly elite clientele .
To put it plainly : it is an electric sports car with a capacity for acceleration that puts it on the edge of technical feasibility .
Partners make state - of - the - art development possible
Newly established e-WOLF GmbH is part of the Maiworm Group .
The company has accepted the challenge of developing and manufacturing extreme performance electric sports cars .
The e-WOLF company concept does not provide for accumulating know - how on the technological development of electric vehicles .
Instead , e-WOLF negotiates strategic alliances and project partnerships that allow it to consciously draw upon the expertise of institutes and companies working in this area .
In turn , e-WOLF enjoys the significant advantage of always being able to incorporate the cutting edge of research in the design of its vehicles .
Dr. Werner Hufenbach , Director of the Institute of Lightweight Structures and Polymer Technology ( ILK ) at TU Dresden , confirmed that cooperation between the institute and e-WOLF will continue to be a major focal point in the future .
“ We are certainly going with the trend in this respect , and I am also personally convinced that electromobility will change the world .
We have a major opportunity here that we plan to make the most of , ” he said .
The Institute of Lightweight Structures and Polymer Technology ( ILK ) of the TU Dresden , the Saxon Centre for Lightweight Construction ( LZS ) and Li-Tec Battery GmbH are some of the most important e-WOLF partners .
e -WOLF technology in the FUMO ion 1 by Multicar
By supplying innovative powertrain components ( motor , battery and control systems ) , e-WOLF GmbH is participating in the development of the FUMO ion 1 transporter by Multicar .
Powered by electricity , Multicar is ideal for municipal administrations and garden and landscape contractors working in inner cities , recreation centres or spa towns .
A prototype of the FUMO ion 1 electric transporter will be on show at eCarTec 2009 in October .
Field trials will be conducted as the next step .
ClamAV 0.94.x end of life - with prejudice
[ Security ] Posted Oct 6 , 2009 15:22 UTC ( Tue ) by corbet
The ClamAV project has announced the end of support for version 0.94.x - and that does n't mean just stopping updates .
" Starting from 15 April 2010 our CVD will contain a special signature which disables all clamd installations older than 0.95 - that is to say older than 1 year .
This move is needed to push more people to upgrade to 0.95 .
We would like to keep on supporting all old versions of our engine , but unfortunately this is no longer possible without causing a disservice to people running a recent release of ClamAV . "
Upgrading to a recent version seems like a good idea for those who depend on ClamAV .
Full Story ( comments : 19 )
Torture Victim Recants Story , but Cops Believe
It 's Still True Megan Williams says story about torture , rape that sent 6 to prison was a lie .
Oct. 23 , 2009  --
Prosecutors are used to doubting convicted felons who recant their confessions , but it 's rare for them to ignore the victim of a crime who says she made up the entire story that sent six people to prison .
Authorities say , despite Megan Williams ' new denial , there is overwhelming evidence that she was indeed held captive in the rural West Virginia shed where she originally said she was raped and tortured over the course of several days .
Williams ' story made national headlines in 2007 , when investigators said the young woman had been beaten , stabbed in the legs , raped and forced to drink urine and eat animal feces .
Williams is black ; all of her alleged attackers were white .
Seven people , including Williams ' then - boyfriend , Bobby Brewster , all confessed to their crimes and pleaded guilty .
All but one was sentenced to jail .
Williams ' lawyer , Byron Potts , told reporters Wednesday that his client made up the story to get back at her boyfriend for hitting her .
" She is recanting the entire incident .
She says it did not happen , and she 's scared , " Potts said .
Potts said Williams stabbed herself with a straight razor to help embellish her original story .
" She told me the only thing not self - inflicted were the bruises on her face , " Potts said .
Authorities , however , do not believe Williams made up the whole story .
" I can't believe what she is saying now , " said Brian Abraham , the former Logan County district attorney who prosecuted the case .
" What Williams initially told the told the police is substantiated by overwhelming evidence against them .
They confessed to their own crimes and made statements against each other .
And everything they said was further substantiated by physical and forensic evidence . "
None of the accused ever denied responsibility , maintained their innocence or attempted to appeal their convictions , he said .
" To a person , everyone admitted it , " he said .
Rape Victim Recants , but Prosecutors Doubt Her
At the time , Williams ' mother described the woman as " slow . "
Abraham called her " a special education - type student . "
He said Williams , who now lives in Columbus , Ohio , had a history of making changes to her story , and early on in the case he decided not to rely on her testimony but on the physical evidence and the confessions of the suspects .
Each of the seven suspects were put in separate rooms by police and questioned independently .
" They were all interviewed separately .
None knew what any of the others were saying .
And all their evidence went along with exactly with what the others were saying , " said Logan County Sheriff Eddie Hunter .
In an interview in July , Williams told a West Virginia news blog that her captors " never made me eat any feces or perform oral sex on the women , either . "
Frankie Brewster , mother of Bobby Brewster , pleaded guilty to sexual assault after confessing that she forced her son's girlfriend to give her oral sex in front of her .
Valencia Daniels , who lives with and takes care of Williams , told The Associated Press that the young woman regularly " goes back and forth , back and forth " about the allegations of being beaten , raped and tortured .
Daniels said Williams sometimes says the story is true and other times denies it happened .
Williams ' case became a cause célèbre at the time , with prominent black leaders rallying to her side , and sympathetic people across the country sending her money .
The Rev. Al Sharpton urged the suspects tried for hate crimes , and gave Williams a $ 1,000 gift .
Hunter said his office still , two years later , receives letters of support addressed to Williams .
" I wonder if she 's going to give all the donations back that she 's got , " he said .
Abraham speculated that Williams decided to recount in an effort to garner more public attention .
The current Logan County prosecutor did not return calls to ABC News , but Abraham said Williams ' lawyer 's statement did not make her denial official .
If she is to recant officially , Williams will have to make a sworn statement .
None of the lawyers for the convicted captors contacted by ABC News would comment on whether their clients are planning to appeal based on Williams ' new story .
James Brown , Get Down
We need another performer / entertainer like this , and I do n’t think there ’s a chance in hell we ’ll get one .
These are tough times for American children for a couple of reasons .
The rise of the machines means that kids can now be exposed to material on computers or cellphones that is far beyond their emotional IQ .
While high - tech can be a tremendous educational tool , explicit images and conversation easily found in cyberspace can rob children of their innocence and , in some cases , put them in actual danger .
Even if parents are vigilant in monitoring the machines , kids can still get the bad stuff at school and on the playgrounds , as computer access is just about everywhere .
The disruption of the traditional American family is also adversely affecting millions of children .
Right now , almost 22 million American kids are living with one parent ; more than 80 % of those are being raised primarily by Mom .
Just 50 years ago , a child living without a father was somewhat of a rarity .
Now it ’s an epidemic .
Thus , our modern age presents vast challenges to children , and they need to learn lessons quickly in order to prosper .
And who better to teach them than the President of the United States ?
Barack Obama ’s Letter to His Daughters
As has been widely chronicled , Barack Obama had a tough childhood filled with instability and loneliness .
However , that did not stop him from rising to become the most powerful man in the world .
His breathtaking achievement presents five important lessons for all children .
■ Lesson One : Forgiveness
President Obama was just 2 when his father abandoned him and his mother in Hawaii .
Four years later , his mother took her little son to Indonesia after she remarried .
However , the home was somewhat chaotic as they tried to adjust to their new surroundings .
So when Barry , as he was called , turned 10 , he was sent back to Hawaii to live with his grandparents while his mother stayed abroad .
That kind of situation could ruin a child .
But President Obama betrays no bitterness .
In his books and speeches , he speaks lovingly of his mom .
He admits she was somewhat “ reckless ” but also says he felt he was “ the center of her universe . ”
As for his absent father , the President says the void he left motivated him to succeed .
So , it is obvious that he is not wallowing in past pain .
He does not harbor bitterness toward his parents .
Instead , he accepted his situation and saw it as a challenge .
He forgave his folks and embraced a positive outlook .
Barack Obama : ‘ We Need Fathers To Step Up ’
■ Lesson Two : Respect
Even though his mom and dad apparently put their needs ahead of his , he speaks of them in mostly affectionate terms .
He finds a way not to demean them .
Patricia Saunders , a clinical psychologist who works with children in New York City , says : “ Barack Obama dealt with his family situation by understanding it .
He put his own ego aside and made a decision to act respectfully toward his folks .
That maturity has served him very well throughout his life . ”
■ Lesson Three : Persistence
Barack Obama had few advantages as a child but decided to fight the good fight .
That is , he got up when he was knocked down .
For example , in 2000 , he lost his run for Congress in Illinois .
He could have given up and gone into the private sector where high - salaried jobs awaited him .
But he preferred public service .
So , just four years later , he ran again , this time winning a U.S. Senate seat .
Psychologist Ruth Peters , who counsels children in Clearwater , Fla. , believes that all the hard knocks Obama took in his young life prepared him for both defeat and victory .
“ Some people shrink when they are faced with adversity , ” she told me .
“ Others seem to gain momentum and are challenged when they fail .
The President did not use his difficulties as an excuse to quit .
He used them as motivators to persevere . ”
But determination must be coupled with a very specific discipline in order to succeed in life .
And that is the fourth lesson from the President .
See photos of Obama and his daughters , Sasha and Malia
■ Lesson Four : Hard Work
A child does not go from taking English lessons in Indonesia to editing the Harvard Law Review without doing some tough work .
The President earned his present job by performing in school and , later , in his various jobs .
He was smart enough to lay a foundation for success .
Early on as a kid , he understood the big picture .
“ Barack Obama loves his work , ” Saunders says .
“ And this is a great example for children .
They must understand that work is very important and will ultimately define their lives . ”
■ Lesson Five — perhaps the greatest lesson the President can teach children :
In America , anything is possible
This is something of a cliché , but never has it been more vividly illustrated .
Barack Obama , a youngster in Hawaii without his parents around , has toughed it out and become one of history ’s great stories , no matter what happens going forward .
What he has achieved in his 48 years is simply astounding .
Consider the odds .
The United States is a nation of more than 300 million citizens .
Only one person is currently the Commander in Chief .
That man had no fatherly guidance , is of mixed race , and had no family connections to guide him into the world of national politics .
That adds up to one simple truth that every American child should be told : “ If Barack Obama can become the President of the United States , then whatever dream you may have can happen in your life . ”
It all depends on lessons learned .
From the Editor : The Softer Side of Bill O’Reilly
PARADE Contributing Editor Bill O’Reilly is the author of the best - seller “ A Bold Fresh Piece of Humanity ” and anchor of “ The O’Reilly Factor ” on the Fox News Channel .
Photo by Erin Patrice O’Brien For PARADE
CENK UYGUR : Back on The Young Turks .
Now we 're going to talk to Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Shultz .
She 's from the 20th Congressional district of Florida .
Congresswoman , thank you so much for joining us .
We appreciate it .
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ :
Oh , thanks for having me .
It 's good to be with you .
CENK UYGUR : It 's good to have you here .
There 's a lot of discussion about what can get through the house as far as healthcare is concerned .
Obviously , a public option is the focus .
Representative Grijalva is saying that he thinks that they have 218 votes for Medicare plus 5 % .
That is the latest version that they are supporting .
Do you think he 's right about that vote count , first of all ?
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ :
Well I think that there are more than 200 votes in the Democratic caucus for the public option , for a robust public option .
So I 'm not sure if we 're at 218 , but it is very significant that we 're at over 200 that support a robust public option .
CENK UYGUR : One of the central issues here is what we mean by a robust public option .
What are the different choices in the House ?
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ :
Well generally we 've defined a robust public option by tying it to Medicare + 5 .
That 's generally how the definition of " robust " has evolved .
CENK UYGUR : Right .
And are you on board for that ?
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ :
Oh yeah .
I absolutely support a robust public option , whether it 's Medicare plus 5 % .... to me , the strongest public option that we can pass , which ideally would be based on Medicare rates , and arguably , produces the most savings is the type of public option that I favor .
CENK UYGUR : What if leadership pushes a weaker version , will you vote against it ?
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ : I 'm not drawing any lines in the sand at this point .
I want to make sure that we pass the most significant healthcare reform that we can pass .
I 'm not at this point issuing any ultimatums to leadership .
We 're all working very , very hard to make sure that we can include the strongest possible public option in our legislation that we pass out of the house .
We want to be in a very strong position for the conference committee with the Senate , which we think , unfortunately , has a chance of not having the public option in it .
At this point , we 're all working toward putting the strongest public option that we can get into our bill .
CENK UYGUR : Representative , I want to talk to about that idea of the line in the sand because I think it 's an important one .
Some would say , and seems that representative Grijalva is going in that direction , of saying , " Look if you do n't make your position very , very clear , then they are able to erode that position " -- that 's not a good negotiation strategy to say , " Well , I 'm negotiable . "
Others have stood fast on many other issues .
Of course , you 've stood fast on some issues , and drawn the line in the sand on some other issues , including budgetary controls , and understandably , Hurricane Katrina .
Why do you think it 's a bad strategy in this case ?
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ : Honestly Cenk , I do n't want to jeopardize healthcare reform .
I 'm not going to take my ball and go home if every single thing is n't exactly the way I would like to see it at the end of the day .
What I want to do is ... I am absolutely for a robust public option .
I 'm for using Medicare rates .
The majority of our caucus is for that .
And we 're pushing hard to make sure that we can get the votes that we need , and as a Chief Deputy Whip it 's going to be part of my job to , you know , whip the caucus as hard as I can , to get those 218 votes for a robust public option .
But it 's absolutely critical that we pass healthcare reform before the end of this year , and put it on the president 's desk .
And , you know , there are times when a line in the sand is appropriate , and times when we to maybe need to be a little bit more flexible , because the larger goal is what 's important .
I 'm not willing to say , you know ... I 'm not willing to issue ultimatums when that would potentially risk making sure that we could pass significant healthcare reform .
CENK UYGUR : So where do the corporatist Blue Dog Democrats stand on it now ?
Are they still fighting the Medicare plus 5 ?
What is their alternative ?
And what are the chances of getting them on board ?
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ :
You know the caucus is working together , the leadership is being very inclusive .
We are having open discussions in caucus meetings about what the options are .
We 've got ... basically everybody is at the table that wants to be at the table and so there 's no one really pushing for one particular option .
We are all for the three pillars the president Obama laid out in his joint address to Congress .
And that 's to make sure that any health insurance covers everyone that does n't have coverage , provides security and stability to those who do n't have it , and brings down the overall costs .
So we 're using those broad principles , and we 're debating what we can get .
Like I said , 218 votes to pass , and our overriding goal is to make sure that the House bill is in the strongest possible position for Conference when we know obviously we will come out with some compromises at that point .
CENK UYGUR : We 're talking to Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Shultz from Florida .
What I guess I do n't understand is what the Blue Dog strategy is for cost containment .
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ : I 'm not a Blue Dog Cenk , so I could n't really describe to you what the Blue Dog strategy is .
CENK UYGUR : Of course you 're not a Blue Dog , I 'm just asking , in caucus do they say , " Oh look , hey , I gotta tell you Representative , we have a great idea for cost containment .
Let 's try to push it . "
Or do they not even bother making a case ?
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ :
Well there are Blue Dogs and New Dems and others who make the argument that negotiated rates is a more appropriate way to pursue a public option .
And that that is going to ...
CENK UYGUR : But that would definitely be less cost containment .
It would have higher costs , and they 're supposed to be pro-fiscal responsibility .
I 'm just trying to get a sense of what their argument is .
Do they say ... how does that justify lower costs ?
I do n't get it .
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ :
You know , Cenk , you 're putting me in a really awkward position , because I 'm not a Blue Dog and I 'm not going to criticize the Blue Dogs , because I think we all have the same goal , and that 's to get comprehensive healthcare reform passed .
And my suggestion is that you have a blue dog on your show , and get them defend it .
Cause it 's not my job to do that .
CENK UYGUR : Fair enough .
So , let me ask you about one other thing as far as the politics of this is concerned .
Now on the Senate side they 're talking about an opt - out version of the public option , and it sounds like it's an interesting idea .
First , are you familiar with what Schumer and Carper are talking about ?
They just introduced I think yesterday as an idea .
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ :
No , I 've heard of the trigger , which has been talked about for a while now , but I have not heard anything about an opt-out .
CENK UYGUR : The opt - out idea is pretty simple .
You get the public option by the federal government , but different states can opt out of it , but they have to actively , proactively opt out of it , either through their state legislature , or maybe even a referendum , or act of the governor , or combination thereof .
And then that gives red state Senators , whether they 're Democrats or Republicans ....
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ :
Then we 're leaving that state 's ... then we 're not providing the necessary competition and choice for Americans in those states .
CENK UYGUR : That 's definitely a downside of it .
The upside of it is it takes away all excuses .
And so if you say , " Hey listen , I 'm not comfortable with the public option . "
Great , then your state does n't have to have it .
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ :
No , but we 've got mixed delegations Cenk , where we have Republicans ... I do n't know ... I have to spend some more time hearing about that .
In my state we 've got 10 Democrats and 15 Republicans and a split on our Senators .
I would n't want to be duking it out with the rest of my delegation on who wins , on whether or not we do or do n't participate in the public option .
And I certainly would n't want Charlie Christ to be able to make the decision .
And he is our governor .
At the end of the day we 've got tens of thousands of people who die each year directly because they lack health insurance , Cenk .
And I 'm not going to let 40,000 or 80,000 or more people die simply because I could n't get everything I wanted on this .
We 've got to make sure that we pass out of House the strongest possible public option .
To me it should a robust public option to Speaker Pelosi , who I literally , just in caucus yesterday , heard her stand in front of the room , and push the Caucus as hard as she could to make sure we had a robust public option as part of our bill so that we can be in a stronger position versus the Senate in Conference .
And uh , I feel confident that we are going to maintain that position and do our best to get 218 votes to make it happen
CENK UYGUR : You just mentioned Congresswoman Pelosi , and there 's a recent controversy about her as well .
I wanted to run that by you .
I believe that the NRCC ...
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ : Charming group of people .
CENK UYGUR : A spokesperson within that group came out and said that Gen. McChrystal should put Nancy Pelosi in her place .
Do you think that sounds a bit anti-women , to put it not so politely ?
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ :
Just to make sure we know who we are talking about , the NRCC is the Republican party .
It 's the national Republican party .
It 's the House congressional political arm of the Republican party .
And yes , they actually said that they hope that Gen. McChrystal puts the Speaker in her place .
Last time I checked , the speaker 's place is at the top of the House of Representatives .
To be quite blunt , Cenk , it was understandable coming from a group of people that are 80 % male and 100 % out of touch .
[ LAUGHTER ]
CENK UYGUR : Does the Republican Party at this point , with Sen .
Kyl 's comments in regards to a discussion he had with Sen .
Stabenow about how he does n't need maternity care , and there 's been a number of ...
[ LAUGHTER ]
CENK UYGUR : In his offices today were a lot of women .
Moms showed up saying , " But we do need maternity care .
And your job is also partly to represent us of course as our senator .
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ : Cenk , look at the pattern in the Republican Party today :
You have Sen .
Kyl who thinks that it's not necessary to make sure that we have maternity coverage in insurance policies because he can't get pregnant .
You have Bob McDonald. , in Virginia , who wrote a thesis and actually said that women damage families when they work outside the home .
You have Chris Christie , in New Jersey , the Republican nominee for governor there , who said that it's ok to pass mandate free insurance policies , which would basically mean that women could n't be sure to get access to mammograms any a more , or get kicked out of the hospital in less than 24 hours after a mastectomy , or after a birth , and that that 's perfectly acceptable .
The demonstration of how out of touch , by the hour , in the last several days , in terms of the Republican Party , has just been , it 's been shocking .
CENK UYGUR : Does the Republican Party have a woman problem ?
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ : I think that they 've always had a woman problem to be really honest with you .
The evidence of that is how Democratic candidates consistently win the women 's vote .
And there 's a reason for that .
It 's because they [ Republicans ] do n't really seem to have much interest in recruiting women to run for office , they do n't have an agenda that appeals to women .
Their agenda , in fact , much of the time is offensive to women .
CENK UYGUR : I do n't know if you saw this .
Bill O'Reilly , I believe it was last night with Michele Bachmann , said that you Democrats are threatened by Bachmann and Palin because they 're hot .
[ LAUGHTER ]
CENK UYGUR : And that somehow that would appeal to women more .
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ : Um , who said that ?
CENK UYGUR : Bill O'Reilly .
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ : Okay .
Well , again the sexism that runs as deep as it has ever been evidenced in the last few days in the Republican Party even permeates their voices on the air .
I do n't even know what to say to that .
That 's just ...
CENK UYGUR : What I found curious about it is that he thought that somehow they appeal to women more , and that that 's why Democrats are afraid of them , and that they appeal to women by being hot .
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ : Ann Coulter actually said something similar .
In fact Ann Coulter , I remember criticized ... brought me into it a few months ago , and said that the reason I was critical of Sarah Palin was because I was jealous about her looks .
And that Democratic voters across the country were coming to my defense because they were upset because Sarah Palin was hot .
Even to be having a discussion about looks when it comes to women elected officials and the important issues that matter right now : Turning the economy around .
Making sure that we can pass comprehensive healthcare reform .
Making sure that we invest in alternative energy and really wean ourselves off our dependence on foreign oil .
Those are the issues that are important to women voters .
And to trivialize what 's important to women voters by suggesting that looks is what matters .
Or suggesting that , like Chris Christie did , that John Corzine support , for universal pre-K. in New Jersey , is tantamount to babysitting , just shows the lack of respect that they have for women .
CENK UYGUR : But on the other hand , I can see their point because I can remember when the Republicans were in charge , I was quite jealous of Dennis Hastert 's looks .
[ LAUGHTER ]
CENK UYGUR : And it bothered me a lot .
And as a talk show host , I 'm jealous of Rush Limbaugh 's looks every day .
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ : Yeah , well ... I 'm just not going to go there on other people 's looks .
People in glass houses .
CENK UYGUR : That 's probably a wise idea .
I certainly should n't go there .
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ :
You can go there .
I 'm not going there .
CENK UYGUR : Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz , we really appreciate you coming on The Young Turks .
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ :
Thanks so much Cenk .
Good to talk to you .
Complete interview :
Thai elephant handlers painted their beasts black and white in a protest about lack of funding for their mammals .
They insist Thai elephants need of state help , while government officials shower money on a Chinese panda family at Chiang Mai zoo
Credit : WENN
RIO de Janeiro police announced seven more deaths and 17 arrests as drug - fuelled violence continued to sweep over parts of the city that is to host the 2016 Olympics .
The death toll has risen to 33 since Saturday , when rival gangs began a turf war for control of drug trafficking in several favelas , or shanty towns , located among Rio 's luxury hotels and residential areas .
A suspected gang member is arrested in the Morro Santo Amaro slum in Rio de Janeiro .
Credit : Reuters
Gangs are suspected of using high - calibre weapons to shoot down a helicopter on Saturday near the Morro dos Macacos favela , which remained the scene of fighting between rival gangs and police trying to subdue them .
Three of six police on board died .
Most of the dead this week were suspected gang members , but the victims also included several bystanders .
On Wednesday , 18 - year - old student Jose Carlos Guimaraes was seriously wounded in the abdomen by a stray bullet ,
Ever since Andy Warhol , the worlds of art and finance have been inseparable .
On the eve of Tate Modern 's Pop Life exhibition , Sean O'Hagan visits five art superstars in their studios to find out how the market drives their creative process
Next month , Tate Modern will host a stellar group show entitled Pop Life .
Apparently , the show was going to be called Sold Out - a much more provocative and , some would say , apposite title , given that among the themes addressed by the curators is the notion of the artist as brand .
Think Damien Hirst , think Jeff Koons , think , above all , Andy Warhol .
Twenty - two years after his death , and over 40 years after his ascendancy as America 's most famous Pop artist , Warhol remains an influential figure on the making and selling of art .
As his most obvious heir , Damien Hirst , puts it , " Warhol really brought money into the equation .
He made it acceptable for artists to think about money .
In the world we live in today , money is a big issue .
It 's as big as love , maybe even bigger . "
In a culture in thrall to advertising , marketing and celebrity , Warhol made art that mirrored that hyper -real world of commodification even as it critiqued it .
His definition of the word artist was " someone who produces things that people do n't need to have " .
He called his studio the Factory and his means of production defined the ultra - capitalist creed by which many successful younger artists now live .
" Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art , " he wrote .
To see how art and money co-exist at the highest level , you need to attend an international art fair , or better still , a Sotheby 's auction .
If you want to dig deeper , though , to find out how much the creative process has altered to accommodate the market , the artist 's studio is still the best place to visit .
Hirst 's main studio is in Stroud in rural Gloucestershire .
It comprises a huge hangar - like room and various smaller offices situated opposite an old house he is currently renovating .
The floors of the house are paved with ornately inscribed Victorian gravestones , the walls panelled in dark wood decorated by carved skulls and skeletons .
Hirst has absorbed Warhol 's obsession with death as well as his acute business acumen .
He is now the world 's most expensive living artist , his diamond - encrusted human skull , For the Love of God , a kind of memento mori for the days of art - market hysteria that preceded the current global recession .
Like the two main contenders for his throne , Jeff Koons and Takashi Murakami , Hirst is essentially an ideas man .
The ideas he hatches in his head are converted into artworks by a team of assistants that , until recently , numbered 150 .
The day I visited , though , his vast studio space in Stroud seemed eerily empty , save for a gaggle of multi-coloured skeletons that stood sentinel at one end .
A single glass case on a plinth housed a life - sized human skull made out of hundreds of dead house flies .
Possibly a metaphor for the art market .
In stark contrast , Jeff Koons 's studio complex in midtown Manhattan was a hive of activity .
In the main office , Koons sat at a computer working on ideas , prototypes , drawings , while an assistant showed me around the web of interlinked rooms .
In one long , well - lit space , eight huge paintings were being worked on simultaneously by groups of two or three artists .
In another , a team of masked and white - suited assistants laboured over a giant inflatable lobster .
It looked like some weird sci - fi operating theatre .
Despite Koons 's air of unreal calmness , it was an oddly unrelaxing place to be .
The next day , I travelled out to Long Island to Takashi Murakami 's studio .
In one room , a single " superflat " painting lay on a table .
The latest layer of paint , laboriously applied by several assistants to his precise specifications , was slowly drying .
Nearby stood an assortment of Perspex boxes , numbered and coded , containing paint pigments .
An assistant insisted that they had catalogued around 40 shades of white .
" Murakami is a little obsessive , " she said , smiling .
That much was evident .
In another room , we watched one of his animated short films , a futuristic whimsy that involved a Godzilla - like monster and a giant animated turd .
" Murakami is obsessed with poo-poo , " the same assistant explained .
I wondered if this infantile world of cuddly soft toys and ejaculating super - heroes reflected our own increasingly infantile culture , or was simply another aspect of it .
It was something of a relief , then , to visit Gavin Turk 's studio in a lock - up in Hackney , east London .
He was hanging a huge screen print on the wall as I came in .
It was a Warhol - style self - portrait .
This was doubly - or perhaps triply - ironic because his workspace was the least Factory - like of all those I visited and seemed the least driven by the art market .
It appeared instead like a place where an artist actually worked hands - on , making his art .
" It 's a workshop , " Turk said , matter - of - factly .
" A place where you can just go and make stuff . "
It looked messy and disordered and somehow real .
It smelled of paint , dust , chemicals and cooking .
It did not smell of money .
It seemed almost quaint , but this is how most artists still live .
The art superstars are the exceptions and only time will tell if the work they produce is a symptom or a reflection of our material culture , and if it is as significant as the prices would have you believe .
Damien Hirst - Stroud , Gloucestershire
Damien Hirst 's vast studio complex in Stroud used to belong to the sculptor Lynn Chadwick .
According to Hirst , when Chadwick visited the space just after it had been redesigned and expanded , his first words were , " This is not a studio , it 's a showroom . "
Hirst relates this anecdote with some pride while we are having lunch , in a kitchen next door to the vast , hangar - like room that looks more like a gallery than anything else .
The walls are lined with Hirst 's work and the work of younger artists he has bought .
Until recently , Hirst employed 150 people on his studio production line , including fine artists , sculptors , fabricators and formaldehyde specialists .
Now , there are around 70 .
" I would have let them go with or without the recession , " he says .
" Art is the map of somebody 's life and , for me , the Sotheby 's auction last September was definitely a beautiful place to stop making big fuck - off work .
I 'm getting older .
People are dying around me .
You spend 20 years celebrating your immortality and then you realise that 's not what it 's about . "
To this end , Hirst has called a halt to the mass production of his signature spot paintings and his spin paintings , and to what he calls " all the big statement stuff " .
Instead , he has gone back to basics and is " just painting objects " .
I ask him if he is actually applying the paint to the canvas himself .
" Yeah , " he says nonchalantly .
" It 's all my own work .
I 'm still making fact paintings , copying photographs in oil and having teams of people all making the work .
But I 'm also painting my own paintings from start to finish . "
Hirst has smaller studios attached to his houses in Mexico and Devon .
He 's also been given a room at Claridge 's Hotel .
" I did some paintings for the Connaught Hotel and Paddy [ McKillen , the owner of both establishments ] gave me a studio in return .
I paint there and nap there in the afternoons .
There 's paint all over the walls , sinks , curtains .
They do n't seem to mind . "
In Pop Life , the Tate will be exhibiting Hirst 's work from his 2008 Sotheby 's auction , Beautiful Inside My Head Forever .
Total sales for the two - day event came to £ 95 m and works sold included a steel cabinet of diamonds , which went for £ 5.2 m .
When I ask what he thinks of his work now , he says , " I 'd say there are five great pieces : the diamond skull , the fly piece , the shark and the golden calf .
I like the unicorn piece , too . "
He sits silent for a minute , staring at the bloodied remains of his steak .
" I had a big dance with conceptual art , " he says , " but there are things in art that are a dead end .
Conceptual art , abstraction , they 're total dead ends .
You start thinking , there 's enough bloody objects in the world , why are you making more of this shit .
If I 'm being brutal about it , that 's what I 'm thinking right now . "
Suddenly , the empty studio next door makes a whole lot more sense .
Jeff Koons - Manhattan , New York
Jeff Koons employs 120 assistants in his New York studio .
Photograph : Steve Pyke
In midtown Manhattan , a pristine white stone building sits amid the industrial warehouses and storerooms by the river .
The first thing you see as you peer through the glass doors is a giant , glossy gorilla sculpture .
This is Jeff Koons 's HQ , the centre of a global art empire .
Of all the studios I visited , it seemed the closest to the Warholian model of mass production .
" It 's not a factory , " says the preternaturally calm and ever - smiling Koons .
" It does n't emulate a factory .
It 's about production , like any artist 's studio , but not on a big scale .
I probably produce 10 paintings a year that go out into the world .
Back in the 1980s , I 'd look at the market and see Andy 's work and see that he produced so many things , and I 'd look at Jasper Johns 's work and see that he produced so very little .
I always kind of thought that there might be something a little more in between . "
Koons employs around 120 people , most of whom work on the making of his paintings and sculptures in several studios adjoining his office .
" It 's a hub , really , " he says .
" A lot of different information comes together here from a lot of different areas .
At a certain point , I realised I needed to have other people work with me because I wanted to control the production .
At the end of the day , it 's exactly the same responsibility .
As long as you are making the gesture that you want to make , it 's the same .
Plus , sometimes , if you are involved in making a work from start to finish , sitting and painting or whatever , the material can seduce you and you can just get lost in the journey .
You can set out to make a turkey and end up making a bear .
When you have more distance , you can make clearer decisions . "
Koons 's work , and his reputation , remains hotly contested by critics despite - or maybe because of - the huge prices it commands at auction .
Rabbit , which features in the Tate show , was valued in excess of $ 8 m in 2008 .
In 1988 , one of his giant porcelain sculptures , Michael Jackson and Bubbles , sold for $ 5.6 m .
Two years ago , a giant inflatable piece , a magenta - coloured Hanging Heart , fetched nearly $ 34 m .
( Revealingly , a pink version of the same fetched $ 11 m in a private sale recently , suggesting that the art market may finally be imploding as the global recession deepens . )
" Having value attached to it is just one way that a society can say they like the work , " says Koons , " but there is a difference between importance and significance .
I mean , publicity or a presence in the media gives it a sense of importance .
But significance is different , it 's more profound . "
Tracey Emin - Spitalfields , east London
Artist Tracey Emin in her east London studio .
Photograph : Karen Robinson
Tracey Emin's East End studio is , she tells me , built on the spot where a Roman hospital and burial ground once stood .
" It has , " she says , " a good energy . "
When I visited , Emin and an assistant were busy sewing .
It seemed a calm , even cosy , space .
" It 's not a sanctuary , " she says , " because my office is in here , too , and I have four assistants and the phone never stops and we have 100 emails a day to deal with .
There 's always stuff happening .
It never stops . "
When Emin started out as an artist in the early 1990s , after a stint at the Royal College of Art , she did not have a studio of her own and made all her work in her tiny two - room flat in Waterloo .
" When I was younger , " she says , " I could never have imagined having a studio like this .
Ever . "
In 1993 , with fellow artist Sarah Lucas , she opened The Shop in Bethnal Green ( which will be recreated for the Tate show ) , selling both their work , plus T - shirts , badges and ashtrays that they had made .
The following year Emin had her first show at the White Cube gallery and called it My Major Retrospective , because she " honestly thought it would be the only show I ever had " .
It is the remnants of both these projects that will feature in Pop Life .
" There was no irony in that early work , " she says .
" We were struggling artists desperately trying to make a living .
We were making things to sell to make money . "
Now , when she experiences a creative block , Emin tries to make work in the spirit of The Shop .
" I just try and have some fun , shake it out , enjoy the act of being creative . "
Twice in those early days , Emin had to destroy work that she had made because , she says , she had no room to store it and could n't even give it away .
Now , she is building an even more expansive studio in Spitalfields that will have " loads and loads of storage space , a big archive of my work and materials " .
She says that her work " changes with the space " .
In her previous studio , where there were wooden floors , she made loads of blankets .
In her current studio , where the floor is made of stone , she has made hardly any .
Once , when she shared a studio with the painter Gary Hume , she experienced what she calls " creative osmosis " , in which " all my colours became very Garyish , and my sewing became very Hume - like . "
By the time she reaches 50 , she wants her office " to be streamlined and work incredibly efficiently " , so that she does not have to concern herself too much with " all the other stuff that goes with the job " .
I ask her if her studio is a place where ideas are born .
" No , " she says , without a pause for thought .
" It 's a place to execute the ideas .
The ideas themselves usually happen when I 'm swimming in the pool or on aeroplanes , when I 'm untouchable and nothing can get to me and I 'm truly in a place of my own inside my head . "
Gavin Turk - Hackney , east London
Gavin
Turk in front of a vast silkscreen in his east London studio .
Photograph : Karen Robinson
Gavin
Turk 's studio is a lock - up in Hackney , near a flyover and close to the frantic work - in - progress that is the Olympic Stadium .
The first thing you see as you enter is a large Warhol - style silkscreen of Turk as Joseph Beuys .
Identity , ambiguity , self - perception , these are the amorphous themes that Turk plays with constantly in his work .
" I 'm very interested in cliche and the notion of what art can be , so Warhol is a constant presence .
He 's there in the Pop piece , of course [ Turk 's waxwork of himself as an amalgam of Sid Vicious and a gunslinging Elvis Presley ] and in my silk - screened self - portraits . "
Turk jumps up and drags out a silkscreen of himself as Warhol , complete with a fright wig .
" I kind of think of Warhol every time I sit at a computer .
There 's an art button on every computer that allows you to Warholise even your family snapshots and portraits .
That 's how omnipresent he is , even if we do n't realise it . "
Turk employs six assistants to help make his work .
" It 's more about time management than anything , " he says .
" They do stuff I do n't have the time to do . "
In an adjoining room that looks like a garage , he has an industrial - size paint sprayer .
A long table covered in paint and paper doubles as a silkscreen bed .
" We 're not that good , but that kind of works because I want to keep the image scruffy .
Professional silkscreeners always do it too perfectly . "
In Pop Life , Turk will be represented by Pop and by Cave , his famous blue heritage plaque commemorating himself .
" I heard initially that the show was going to be called Sold Out , and I really like that title .
At what point does bringing art into public awareness become selling out ?
Can you embrace the market without selling out somehow ?
These are old - fashioned questions now , but they still resonate . "
He tells me an illuminating story concerning one of his more provocative early works , a drawing of his signature .
" I had sold it to a collector , but it was still in the studio , when a mate of mine bashed into it .
I said , ' Be careful , mate , someone 's just bought that for 600 quid . '
He looked at me as if I was mad , then he picked up the piece and stared at it really intensely for about 10 minutes .
He was trying to see what 600 quid looked like .
The money element had made him look closely at the work in a way he would not have done otherwise .
It was all really odd .
It made me realise how much money affects the way we look at art , how much it affects the way we look at the world . "
Takashi Murakami - Long Island , New York
Assistants at work in Takashi Murakami's New York Studio .
Kaikai Kiki New York , LLC Artwork © Takashi Murakami / Kaikai Kiki Co Ltd Photograph : Steve Pyke
Takashi Murakami utilises the style and iconography of contemporary Japanese pop culture - cute but creepy cartoon characters , manga - style superheroes - to make high art that sells for stratospheric prices .
His empire includes studios in Japan and America employing around 100 people ; a biannual art fair , Geisai , in Tokyo which promotes the work of young , cutting - edge Japanese artists , and his global merchandising business , KaiKai Kiki , selling everything from videos , T - shirts and mouse pads to mobile - phone pouches and limited - edition Louis Vuitton leather bags .
In Murakami's Long Island studio , several large , pristine rooms are devoted to the extraordinary production process that leads to one of Murakami's " superflat " paintings .
It begins when a computerised blueprint for a painting arrives from Japan .
The computer data is meticulously converted to a format suitable for silkscreen printing .
" When we work on a large - scale piece , we need six full - time staff members present at all times , " says Murakami .
" The job requires an incredible amount of technical skill , and even after being stuck at their desks for more than 16 hours a day , it can still take three whole weeks to complete . "
Then comes the mixing of the paint for the silk - screening process , which can sometimes utilise 1,000 screens for a single painting .
" Even then , " says Murakami , " we 're not finished .
After three months of painting by my assistant painters , the finishing painters will refine the results .
Rather than use data or models as their guide , they have an eye for balance , and their job is to ensure the piece can stand alone as a complete work of art .
This task is more similar to what you might have found at Rubens 's workshop long ago , " he says .
Only then does Murakami himself turn up to inspect the result and " decide what to leave alone and what to change " .
His creative perfectionism can often lead to " drastic changes " that , he says , " earn me the ire of my staff ... but ultimately add to the strength of the work " .
Murakami , for all his embracing of consumer culture , seems to lead an ascetic life , living in a spartan room in his Japanese studio .
In Long Island , his huge studio space is spotless and utterly functional - a factory , maybe , but a very clean , calm one .
" I 'm not a perfectionist , " he claims .
" In fact , I can't do anything right .
I get angry and depressed easily and I always have a hard time coming up with new ideas .
The least I can do at times like this is to keep my studio clean , hoping to alleviate my creative block . "
• Pop Life : Art in a Material World is at Tate Modern from 1 October 2009 to 17 January 2010 ( www.tate.org.uk)
Minnesota 's Governor Tim Pawlenty last week joined in the growing chorus in his party singing the praises of nullification .
He did n't come right out and use the word , preferring to talk of " state sovereignty " instead , but the concept is the same .
This seems to be an emerging theme among the Republican Party as it lurches slowly towards the 2012 presidential campaign .
The fact that the issue was largely settled by the Civil War does not seem to faze those wishing to dish up some red meat to GOP voters .
Pawlenty made the news while talking on a conference call sponsored by the Republican Governors ' Association last Thursday .
Asked by a caller about using the Tenth Amendment to reject any healthcare reform passed in Washington , Pawlenty ( from two media reports , one in Politico and one from Minnesota Public Radio ) responded with :
" Depending on what the federal government comes out with here , asserting the Tenth Amendment may be a viable option , but we do n't know the details .
We can't get the president to outline what he does or does n't support in any detail .
So we 'll have to see .
I would have to say that it 's a possibility . "
" You 're starting to see more governors , me and governor [ Rick ] Perry from Texas , speaking out on this and asserting our Tenth Amendment rights .
Asserting the Tenth Amendment may be a viable option . "
Pawlenty also talked of " claims , and maybe even lawsuits , if need be . "
To be fair to Pawlenty , the next day he walked this back considerably :
I made some comments that made it into the press last night about the Tenth Amendment .
What I was trying to convey is that we have an important amendment in the U.S. Constitution and we should at least have the discussion .
Not seceding from the union , not filing lawsuits , but at least some awareness that the Tenth Amendment exists .
That was a pretty fast reversal , from " maybe even lawsuits , if need be , " to " some awareness that the Tenth Amendment exists , " but then , after all , Pawlenty hails from Minnesota and not Texas .
In Minnesota such talk is considered a bit more unseemly ( even among Republicans ) than in Texas ; where such talk is considered pretty mild and wimpy -- when compared , for instance to Texas ' governor expressing support for exploring outright secession from the Union .
For the record , here is the text of the Tenth Amendment to the United States Constitution :
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people .
But it 's not just a few Republican governors speaking off the cuff about such explosive ideas as nullification and secession .
State legislatures in Republican - controlled states are passing actual resolutions stating their intent to follow through on such ideas .
These are not legally - binding resolutions , but still it 's somewhat of an oddity in modern America .
The first I heard of such efforts was from Hendrik Hertzberg in the New Yorker , who wrote about it a few months ago under the title " Bonkers In Georgia . "
A website dedicated to the idea ( www.tenthamendmentcenter.com) reports ( speaking of a similar resolution in Alabama ) that :
If HJR10 passes both houses of the legislature , Alabama would be the eighth state to pass a resolution affirming sovereignty under the 10th Amendment , joining Alaska , Idaho , North Dakota , South Dakota , Oklahoma , Louisiana , and Tennessee .
Similar resolutions have been introduced in thirty - seven states in the past year .
While the resolution is not legally binding , supporters say it's an important first step to " serve notice " to the federal government that it 's exercising powers not delegated to it by the People in the Constitution .
They say that state - level nullification of federal laws is the next step , and efforts have already begun on this in a number of states .
Montana and Tennessee , for example , have passed laws exempting people of their state from certain federal firearms regulations .
In 2010 , Arizona voters will have the option of approving a state constitutional amendment that would effectively ban a future national health care plan in the state .
Similar laws and amendments are being considered in states across the country .
They also provide the full text of the Alabama resolution , which is much more succinct than the one that passed the state senate in Georgia by a vote of 43 - 1 .
Hertzberg dissects some of the language of the Georgia resolution , which he calls : " a resolution that mixes three parts inanity and one part prospective treason into a Kompletely Krazy Kocktail of militia - minded moonshine and wacko white lightning -- a resolution that not only endorses defiance of federal law but also threatens anarchy and revolution . "
Hertzberg mirthfully points out that the resolution : " is written in a mock eighteenth - century style , ornate and pompous .
Just two of its twenty sentences account for more than 1,200 of its 2,200 words .
But the substance is even nuttier than the style . "
But what he fails to connect is that he is , in essence , calling Thomas Jefferson a nutjob .
Because the language in question in the Georgia resolution ( " where powers are assumed [ by the federal government ] which have not been delegated [ to it by the states ] , a nullification of the act is the rightful remedy " ) is n't merely " mock eighteenth - century style , " but in fact was written in the eighteenth century , about ten years after the United States Constitution was ratified -- and that the language came directly from Jefferson 's pen .
Because Jefferson wrote the Kentucky Resolutions , which is where Georgia cribbed it from .
James Madison wrote a similar document which became the Virginia Resolution .
Of course , this was all before the Nullification Crisis in the 1830s , where South Carolina walked up to the brink of open defiance of the federal government ( President Andrew Jackson 's Vice President , John C. Calhoun , actually resigned over the issue to run for the Senate , where he took up the cause ) .
Congress actually passed a " Force Bill " in 1833 which authorized the president to use military force against South Carolina , should it become necessary ; South Carolina readied a militia to fight , as well .
The issue was eventually defused , and the Civil War was hence postponed for three decades .
But the Civil War ( which began in South Carolina , of course ) eventually was fought .
The concept of nullification was laid permanently to rest , along with the thousands of soldiers who died on both sides during the conflict .
So one would think the issue would be dead forever .
Apparently , one would be wrong .
The Tenth Amendment is one of the rarer parts of the Bill of Rights for the Supreme Court to actually rule on , but every so often one of these cases is taken up by the Court .
And , increasingly , Republicans are using it as a " last resort " against federal laws they do n't like .
Although , to be fair , one of the more recent decisions ( Gonzales v. Raich ) went against a California woman who argued that since she was growing medical marijuana on her own land for her own consumption , the constitutional powers of the federal government to regulate interstate trade simply did not apply .
The Supreme Court disagreed , but at least it was consistent , since it had ruled during World War II that a wheat farmer could not use this argument to escape federal war efforts to regulate wheat production ( Wickard v. Filburn ) .
In both cases , the Court reasoned , even if the farmer did n't sell his or her crop , it could still impact the interstate commerce for that crop .
Meaning Congress could , indeed , regulate it .
The Supreme Court has also upheld Congress ' right to essentially blackmail states to do what the feds want , by using the leverage of withholding federal funding to the states unless they comply with the fed 's wishes .
Anyone who lived through the 1980s saw how Washington used federal highway funds to blackmail states into raising their drinking age in just such a fashion .
But the Supreme Court has also ruled that the feds cannot tell states to actually enforce federal laws directly .
Most recently , the Court has struck down gun restrictions such as a " Gun-Free School Zone , " or mandatory background checks for gun sales , which ( the Court reasoned ) cannot be imposed by the feds on the state governments .
Meaning that the Tenth Amendment is still open to some degree of interpretation .
Most people consider it as much an anachronism as the Third Amendment ( which deals with " quartering troops " ) , but with the conservative bent of the current Supreme Court , who knows how they would rule on a state which decided to " nullify " a federal healthcare system ?
Which also means that calling the Tenth Amendment movement a bunch of nutjobs may be premature .
They consider themselves in the company of Jefferson and Madison , after all .
And they have a few recent Supreme Court decisions to give them hope .
While outright secession is still relegated to nutjob - type thinking among most Americans today , the movement among Republicans to stick their finger in the eye of a ( Democratic , of course ) president or Congress does n't seem so outlandish .
This is actually an old argument .
The " code words " change over time ( from " nullification " to " states ' rights " to Pawlenty 's " state sovereignty " ) , but the idea is the same -- we do n't care what the feds say , we retain the right to ignore any laws we do n't feel like following .
And , from these indications , it will likely be an emerging theme among Republican candidates ( on a small scale ) in next year 's elections , and ( on a much bigger stage ) in the 2012 presidential race .
Pawlenty , after all , is widely considered to be thinking about such a run himself -- which goes a long way towards explaining why a governor of a very Northern state should be talking about a concept which usually originates in the American political discussion from the Deep South .
Cross-posted at The Huffington Post
-- Chris Weigant
Page 1 SLAVERY ORDAINED OF GOD .
" The powers that be are ordained of God . " ROMANS xiii .
1 . BY REV .
FRED .
A. ROSS , D.D. PASTOR OF THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH , HUNTSVILLE , ALABAMA .
PHILADELPHIA : J. B. LIPPINCOTT & CO . 1857 . c - 4 ~
Page 2 Entered according to Act of Congress , in the year 1857 , by J. B. LIPPINCOTT & CO. in the Clerk 's Office of the District Court of the United States for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania .
Page 3 TO NORTH AND SOUTH , WHO HONOR THE WORD OF GOD AND LOVE THEIR COUNTRY .
I i I it -, s II v~ ' 4 ' T ' " : I C:j i' " .t —
Page 4 WI
Page 5 PREFACE .
THE book I give to the public , is not made up of isolated articles .
It is one harmonious demonstrationthat slavery is part of the government ordained in certain conditions of fallen mankind .
I present the subject in the form of speeches , actually delivered , and letters written just as published .
I adopt this method to make a readable book .
I give it to the North and South - to ain harmony among Christians , and to secure the integrity of the union of this great people .
This harmony and union can be preserved only by the view presented in this volume , - i.e. that slavery is of God , and to continue for the good of the slave , the good of the master , the good of the whole American family , until another and better destiny may be unfolded .
The one great idea , which I submit to North and South , is expressed in the speech , first in order , delivered in the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church , Buffalo , May 27 , 1853 .
I therein say : , " --'- A - _ - - i " iv. , i' , , - I 4v ~ I* 5
Page 6 PREFACE .
" Let us then , North and South , bring our minds to comprehend two ideas , and submit to their irresistible power .
Let the Northern philanthropist learn from the Bible that the relation of master and slave is not sin per se .
Let him learn that God says nowhere it is sin .
Let him learn that sin is the transgression of the law ; and where there is no law there is no sin , and that the Golden Rule may exist in the relations of slavery .
Let him learn that slavery is simply an evil in certain circumstances .
Let him learn that equality is only the highest form of social life ; that subjection to authority , even slavery , may , in given conditions , be for a time better than freedom to , he slave of any complexion .
Let him learn that slavery , like all evils , has its corresponding and greater good ; that the Southern slave , though degraded compared with his master , is elevated and ennobled compared with his brethren in Africa .
Let the Northern man learn these things , and be wise to cultivate the spirit that will harmonize with his brethren of the South , who are lovers of liberty as truly as himself :
And let the Southern Christian - nay , the Southern man of every grade - comprehend that God never intended the relation of master and slave to be perpetual .
Let him give up the theory of Voltaire , that the negro is of a different species .
Let him yield the semi-infidelity of Agassiz , 6
Page 7 PREFACE . that God created different races of the same species - in swarms , like bees - for Asia , Europe , America , Africa , and the islands of the sea .
Let him believe that slavery , although not a sin , is a degraded condition , - the evil , the curse on the South , - yet having blessings in its time to the South and to the Union .
Let him know that slavery is to pass away in the fulness of Proyidence .
Let the South believe this , and prepare to obey the hand that moves their destiny . "
All which comes after , in the speech delivered in New York , 1856 , and in the letters , is just the expansion of this one controlling thought , which must be understood , be ] ieved , and acted out North and South .
THE AUTHOR .
WRITTEN IN CLEVELAND , OHIO , MAY 28,1857 .
7
Page 8 I
Page 9 CONTENTS .
SPEECH BEFORE THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY AT BUFFALO ......
SPEECH BEFORE THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY AT NEW YORK ...
LETTER TO REV .
A. BLACKBURN ....................................
WHAT IS THE FOUNDATION OF MORAL OBLIGATION ?.........
LETTERS TO REV .
A. BARNES : No . I. - Results of the slavery agitation - Declaration of Independence - The way men are made infidels - Testimonies of General Assemblies .
II . - Government over man a divine institute .........
III . - Man-stealing ............................................
IV . - The Golden Rule ....................................... 9 11 32 69 79 93 116 140 160
Page 10 I
Page 11 SPEECH , DELIVERED AT BUFFALO , BEFORE THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH .
To understand the following speech , the reader will be pleased to learn - if he do n't know already - that the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church , before its division in 1838 , and since , - both Old School and New School , - bhas been , for forty years and more , bearing testimony , after a fashion , against the system of slavery ; that is to say , affirming , in one breath , that slave - holding is a " blot on our holy religion , " & c. & c. ; and then , in the next utterance , making all sorls of apolpgjes ana justifications for the slave - holder .
Thus : this .
august body has been in the habit ef telling the Southern master ( especially in the Dew " resolutions of 1850 ) that he is a sinner , hardly meet to be culled a Christian ; but , nevertheless , if he will only sin " from unavoidable necessity , imposed by the laws of the States , " - if he will only sin under the " obligations of guardianship , " - if he will only sin " from the demands of humanity , " - why , then , forsooth , he may be a slave - holder as long as he has a mind to .
Yea , he may hold one slave , one hundred or one thousand slaves , and till the day of judgment .
hIappening to be in attendance , as a member of the body , in Buffalo , May , 1853 , when , as usual , the system of slavery 11
Page 12 SPEECH AT BUFFALO .
was touched , in a series of questions sent down to the church courts below , I made the following remarks , in good - natured ridicule of such preposterous and stultifying testimony ; and , as an argument , opening the views I have since reproduced in the second speech of this volume , delivered in the General Assembly which convened in New York , May , 1856 , and also i n the letters following : BUFFALO , FRIDAY , May 27 , 1853 .
The order of the day was reached at a quarter before eleven , and the report read again , - viz . : " 1 . That this body shall reaffirm the doctrine of the second resolution adopted by the General Assembly , convened in Detroit , in 1850 , and , " 2 . That with an express disavowal of any intention to be impertinently inquisitorial , and for the sole purpose of arriving at the truth , so as to correct misapprehensions and allay all causeless irritation , a committee be appointed of one from ' each of the synods of Kentucky , Tennessee , Missouri , and Virginia , who shall be requested to report to the next General Assembly on the following points : - 1 . The number of slaveholders in connection with the churches , and the number of slaves held by them .
2 . The extent to which slaves are held from an unavoidable necessity imposed by the laws of the States , the obligations of guardianship , and the demands of humanity .
3 . Whether the Southern churches regard the sacredness of the marriage relation as it exists among the slaves ; whether baptism is duly administered to the children of the slaves professing Christianity , and in general , to what extent and in what manner provision is made for the religious well - being of the slave , " &c. & Ce.
12
Page 13 SPEECH AT BUFFALO .
Dr. Ross moved to amend the report by substituting the following , - with an express disavowal of being impertinently inquisitorial : that a committee of one from each of the Northern synods of be appointed , who shall be requested to report to the next General Assembly , 1 .
The number of Northern church - members concerned , directly or indirectly , in building and fitting out ships for the African slave - trade , and the slave - trade between the States .
2 . The number of Northern church - members who traffic with slave - holders , and are seeking to make money by selling them negro- clothing , handcuffs , and cowhides .
3 . The number of Northern church - members who have sent orders to New Orleans , and other Southern cities , to have slaves sold , to pay debts owing them from the South .
[ See Uncle Tom 's Cabin . ]
4 . The number of Northern church - members who buy the cotton , sugar , rice , tobacco , oranges , pine - apples , figs , ginger , cocoa , melons , and a thousand other things , raised by slave - labor .
5 . The number of Northern church - members who have intermarried with slave - holders , and have thus become slave - owners themselves , or 2 13 ' 4 ~
Page 14 SPEECH AT BUFFALO .
enjoy the wealth made by the blood of the slave , - especially if there be any Northern ministers of the gospel in such a predicament .
6 . The number of Northern church - members who are the descendants of the men who kidnapped negroes in Africa and brought them to Virginia and New England in former years .
7 . The aggregate and individual wealth of members thus descended , and what action is best to compel them to disgorge this blood - stained gold , or to compel them to give dollar for dollar in equalizing the loss of the South by emancipation .
8 . The number of Northern church - members , ministers especially , who have advocated murder in resistance to the laws of the land .
9 . The number of Northern church - members who own stock in under - ground railroads , running off fugitive slaves , and in Sabbath - breaking railroads and canals .
10 .
That a special commission be sent up Red River , to ascertain whether Legree , who whipped Uncle Tom to death , ( and who was a Northern gentleman , ) be not still in connection with some Northern church in good and regular standing .
11 . The number of Northern church - members 14
Page 15 SPEECH AT BUFFALO .
who attend meetings of Spiritual Rappers , - or Bloomers , - or Women 's - Rights Conventions .
12 . The number of Northern church - members who are cruel husbands .
13 . The number of Northern church - members who are hen - pecked husbands .
[ As it is always difficult to know the temper of speaker and audience from a printed report , it is due alike to Dr. R. , to the whole Assembly , and the galleries , to say , that he , in reading these resolutions , and throughout his speech , evinced great good - humour and kindness of feeling , which was equally manifested by the Assembly and spectators , repeatedly , while he was on the floor . ]
Dr. Ross then proceeded :- Mr. Moderator , I move this amendment in the best spirit .
I desire to imitate the committee in their refinement and delicacy of distinction .
I disavow all intention to be impertinently inquisitorial .
I intend to be inquisitorial , as the committee say they are , - but not impertinently so .
No , sir ; not at all ; not at all .
( Laughter . )
Well , sir , we of the South , who desire the removal of the evil of slavery , and believe it will pass away in the developments of Providence , are grieved when we read your graphic , shuddering pictures of the " middle passage , " - the slave - ship , piling up her canvas , as the shot pours after her from English 15
Page 16 SPEECII AT BUFFALO .
or American guns , - see her again and again hurrying hogshead after hogshead , filled with living slaves , into the deep , and , thus lightened , escape .
Sir , what horror to believe that clippership was built by the hands of Northern , noisy Abolition church - members !
e [ " Yes , I know some in New York and Boston , " said one in the crowd . ]
Again , sir , when we walk along your .
Broadways , and see , as we do , the soft hands of your church - members sending off to the South , not only clothing for the slave , but manacles and whips , manufactured expressly for him , what must we think of your consistency of character ?
[ True , true . ]
And what must we think of your self - righteousness , when we know your church - members order the sale of slaves , - yes , slaves such as St. Clair's , - and under circumstances involving all the separations and all the loathsome things you so mournfully deplore ?
Your Mrs. Stowe says so , and it is so , without her testimony .
I have read that splendid , bad book .
Splendid in its genius , over which I have wept , and laughed , and got mad , ( here some one said , " All at the same time ? " ) yes - all at the same time .
Bad in its theology , bad in its morality , bad in its temporary evil influence here in the North , in England , and on the continent of 16
Page 17 SPEECH AT BUFFALO .
Europe ; bad , because her isolated cruelties will be taken ( whether so meant by her or not ) as the general condition of Southern life , - while her Shelbys , and St. Clairs , and Evas , will be looked upon as angel - visitors , lingering for a moment in that earthly hell .
The impression made by the book is a falsehood .
Sir , why do your Northern church - members and philanthropists buy Southern products at all ?
You know you are purchasing cotton , rice , sugar , sprinkled with blood , literally , you say , from the lash of the driver !
Why do you buy ?
What 's the difference between my filching this bloodstained cotton from the outraged negro , and your standing by , taking it from me ?
What 's the difference ?
You , yourselves , say , in your abstractions , there is no difference ; and yet you daily stain your hands in this horrid traffic .
You hate the traitor , but you love the treason .
Your ladies , too , - oh , how they shun the slaveowner at a distance , in the abstract !
But alas , when they see him in the concrete , - when they see the slave - owner himself , standing before them , - not the brutal driver , but the splendid gentle man , with his unmistakable grace of carriage and ease of manners , - why , lo , behold the lady says , " Oh , fie on your slavery ! - what a wretch B 2 * 17
Page 18 SPEECH AT BUFFALO .
you are !
But , indeed , sir , I love your sugar , and truly , truly , sir , wretch as you are , I love you too . "
Your gentlemen talk just the same way when they behold our matchless women .
And well for us all it is , that your good taste , and hearts , can thus appreciate our genius , and accomplishments , and fascinations , and loveliness , and sugar , and cotton .
Why , sir , I heard this morning , from one pastor only , of two or three of his members thus intermarried in the South .
May I thus give the mildest rebuke to your inconsistency of conduct ?
( Much good - natured excitement . )
Sir , may we know who are the descendants of the New England kidnappers ?
What is their wealth ?
Why , here you are , all around me .
You , gentlemen , made the best of that bargain .
And you have kept every dollar of your money from the charity of emancipating the slave .
You have left us , unaided , to give millions .
Will you now come to our help ?
Will you give dollar for dollar to equalize our loss ?
[ Here many voices cried out , " Yes , yes , we will . " ]
Yes , yes ?
Then pour out your millions .
Good .
I may thank you personally .
My own emancipated slaves would to - day be worth 18
Page 19 SPEECH AT BUFFALO .
greatly more than $ 20,000 .
Will you give me back $ 10,000 ?
Good .
I need it now .
I recommend to you , sirs , to find out your advocates of murder , - your owners of stock in under - ground railroads , - your Sabbath - breakers for money .
I particularly urge you to find Legree , who whipped Uncle Tom to death .
Hle is a Northern gentleman , although having a somewhat Southern name .
Now , sir , you know the Assembly was embarrassed all yesterday by the inquiry how the Northern churches may find their absent members , and what to do with them .
Here then , sir , is a chance for you .
Send a committee up Red River .
You may find Legree to be a Garrison , Phillips , Smith , or runaway husband from some Abby Kelly .
[ Here Rev. Mr. Smith protested against Legree being proved to be a Smith .
Great laughter .*]
I move that you bring him back to lecture on the cuteness there is in leaving a Northern church , going South , changing his name , buying slaves , and calculating , without guessing , what the profit is of killing a negro with inhuman labor above the gain of treating him with kindness .
*
This gentleman was soon after made a D.D. , and I think in part for that witticism .
19
Page 20 SPEECH AT BUFFALO .
I have little to say of spirit - rappers , women ' srights conventionists , Bloomers , cruel husbands , or hen - pecked .
But , if we may believe your own serious as well as caricature writers , you have things up here of which we down South know very little indeed .
Sir , we have no young Bloomers , with hat to one side , cigar in mouth , and cane tapping the boot , striding up to a mincing young gentleman with long curls , attenuated waist , and soft velvet face , - the boy - lady to say , " May I see you home , sir ? " and the lady - boy to reply , " I thank ye - no ; pa will send the carriage . "
Sir , we of the South do n't understand your women 's - rights conventions .
Women have their wrongs .
" The Song of the Shirt , " Charlotte Elizabeth , - many , many laws , - tell her wrongs .
But your convention ladies despise the Bible .
Yes , sir ; and we of the South are afraid of them , and for you .
When women despise the Bible , what next ?
Paris , - then the City of the Great Salt Lake , - then Sodom , before and after the Dead Sea .
Oh , sir , if slavery tends in any way to give the honour of chivalry to Southern young gentlemen towards ladies , and the exquisite delicacy and heavenly integrity and love to Southern maid and matron , it has then a glorious blessing with its curse .
20
Page 21 SPEECH AT BUFFALO .
Sir , your inquisitorial committee , and the North so far as represented by them , ( a small fraction , I know , ) have , I take it , caught a Tartar this time .
Boys say with us , and everywhere , I reckon , " You worry my dog , and I 'll worry your cat . "
Sir , it is just simnply a fixed fact : the South will not submit to these questions .
No , not for an instant .
We will not permit you to approach us at all .
If we are morbidly sensitive , you have made us so .
But you are directly and grossly violating the Constitution of the Presbyterian Church .
The book forbids you to put such questions ; the book forbids you to begin discipline ; the book forbids your sending this committee to help common fame bear testimony against us ; the book guards the honour of our humblest member , minister , church , presbytery , against all this impertinently - inquisitorial action .
HIave you a prosecutor , with his definite charge and witnesses ?
Have you Common Fame , with her specified charges and witnesses ?
IHave you a request from the South that you send a committee to inquire into slanders ?
No .
Then hands off .
As gentlemen you may ask us these questions , - we will answer you .
But , ecclesiastically , you cannot speak in this matter .
You have no power to move as you propose .
21
Page 22 SPEECHI AT BUFFALO .
I beg leave to say , just here , that Tennessee * will be more calm under this movement than any other slave - region .
Tennessee has been ever high above the storm , North and South , especially we of the mountains .
Tennessee !" there she is , - look at her , " - binding this Union together like a great , long , broad , deep stone , - more splendid than all in the temple of Baalbec or Solomon .
Tennessee !- there she is , in her calm valour .
I will not lower her by calling her unconquerable , for she has never been assailed ; but I call her ever - victorious .
King 's Mountain , - her pioneer battles :- Talladega , Emucfau , Horse - shoe , New Orleans , San Jacinto , Monterey , the Valley of Mexico .
Jackson represented her well in his chivalry from South Carolina , - his fiery courage from Virginia and Kentucky , - all tempered by Scotch - Irish Presbyterian prudence from Tennessee .
We , in his spirit , have looked on this storm for years untroubled .
Yes , Jackson 's old bones rattled in their grave when that infamous disunion convention met in Nashville , and its members turned pale and fled aghast .
Yes , Tennessee , in her mighty million , feels secure ; and , in her perfect *
At that tinme I resided in Tennessee .
22
Page 23 SPEECH AT BUFFALO .
preparation to discuss this question , politically , ecclesiastically , morally , metaphysically , or physically , with the extreme North or South , she is willing and able to persuade others to be calm .
In this connection , I wish to say , for the South to the North , and to the world , that we have no fears from our slave - population .
There might be a momentary insurrection and bloodshed ; but destruction to the black man would be inevitable .
The Greeks and Romans controlled immense masses of white slaves , - many of them as intelligent as their lords .
Schoolmasters , fabulists , and poets were slaves .
Athens , with her thirty thousand freemen , governed half a million of bondmen .
Single Roman patricians owned thirty thousand .
If , then , the phalanx and the legion mastered such slaves for ages , when battle was physical force of man to man , how certain it is that infantry , cavalry , and artillery could hold in bondage millions of Africans for a thousand years !
But , dear brethren , our Southern philanthropists do not seek to have this unending bondage .
Oh , no , no .
And I earnestly entreat you to " stand still and see the salvation of the Lord . "
Assume a masterly inactivity , and you will be 23 1 .
Page 24 SPEECH AT BUFFALO .
hold all you desire and pray for , - you will see America liberated from tahe curse of slavery .
The great question of the world is , WHAT IS TO BE THE FUTURE OF THE AMERICAN SLAVE ?
WHAT IS TO BE THE FUTURE OF THE AMERICAN MASTER ?
The following extract from the " Charleston Mercury " gives my view of the subject with great and condensed particularity : " Married , Thursday , 26th inst. , the lon .
Cushing Kewang , Secretary of State of the United States , to Laura , daughter of Paul Coligny , Vice - President of the United States , and one of our noblest Huguenot families .
We learn that this distinguished gentleman , with his bride , will visit his father , the Emperor of China , at his summer palace , in Tartary , north of Pekin , and return to the Vice - President 's Tea Pavilion , on Cooper River , ere the meeting of Congress . "
The editor of the " Mercury " goes on to say : " This marriage in high life is only one of many which have signalized that immense emigration from Christianized China during the last seventy - five years , whereby Charleston has a population of 1,250,000 , and the State of South Carolina over 5,000,000 , an emigration which has wonderfully harmonized with the great exodus of the negro race 24
Page 25 SPEECH AT BUFFALO . to Africa . "
[ Some gentleman here requested to know of Dr. Ross the date of the " Charleston Mercury " recording this marriage .
The doctor replied , " The date is 27th May , 1953 , exactly one hundred years from this day . "
Great laughter . ]
Sir , this is a dream ; but it is not all a dream .
No , I verily believe you have there the Gordian knot of slavery untied ; you have there the solution of the problem ; you have there the curtain up , and the last scene in the last act of the great drama of Ham .
I am satisfied with the tendencies of things .
I stand on the mountain - peak above the clouds .
I see , far beyond the storm , the calm sea and blue sky ; I see the Canaan of the African .
I like to stand there on the Nebo of his exodus , and look across , not the Jordan , but the Atlantic .
I see the African crossing as certainly as if I gazed upon the ocean divided by a great wind , and piled up in walls of green glittering glass on either hand , the dry ground , the marching host , and the pillar of cloud and of fire .
I look over upon the Niger , black with death to the white man , instinct with life to the children of H1 am .
There is the black man 's home .
Oh , how strange that you of the North see not 3 25
Page 26 SPEECH AT BUFFALO .
how you degrade him when you keep him here !
You will not let him vote ; you will not let him rise to honors or social equality ; you will not let him hold a pew in your churches .
Send him away , then ; tell him , begone .
Be urgent , like the Egyptians : send him out of this land .
There , in his fatherland , he will exhibit his own type of Christianity .
Hie is , of all races , the most gentle and kind .
The man , the most submnissive ; the woman , the most affectionate .
What other slaves would love their masters better than themselves ?- rock them and fan them in their cradles ?
caress them - how tenderly !- boys and girls ?
honor them , grown up , as superior beings ?
and , in thousands of illustrious instances , be willing to give life , and , in fact , die , to serve or save them ?
Verily , verily , this emancipated race may reveal the most amiable form of spiritual life , and the jewel may glitter on the Ethiop 's brow in meaning more sublime than all in the poet 's imagery .
Brethren , let them go ; and , when they are gone , - ay , before they go away , - rear a monument ; let it grow in greatness , if not on your highest mountain , in your hearts , - in lasting memory of the South , - in memory of your wrong to the South , - in memory of the self - denial of the South , and her philanthropy 26 '
Page 27 SPEECH AT BUFFALO , in training the slave to be free , enlightened , and Christian .
Can all this be ?
Can this double emigration civilize Africa and more than re-people the South ?
Yes ; and I regard the difficulties pre. sented here , in Congress , or the country , as little worth .
God intends both emigrations .
And , without miracle , he will accomplish both .
Difficulties !
There are no difficulties .
Half a million emigrate to our shores , from Ireland , and all Europe , every year .
And you gravely talk of difficulties in the negro's way to Africa !
Verily ,
God will unfold their destiny as fast , and as fully , as he sees best for the highest good of the slave , the highest good of the master , and the glory of Christ in Africa .
And , sir , there are forty thousand Chinese in California .
And in Cuba , this day , American gentlemen are cultivating sugar , with Chinese hired labor , more profitably than the Spaniards and their slaves .
Oh !
there is China - half the population of the globe - just fronting us across that peaceful sea , - her poor , living on rats and a pittance of red rice , - her rich , hoarding millions in senseless idolatry , or indulging in the luxuries of birds ' - nests and roasted ice .
Massed together , they must migrate .
Where can they 2T 7v
Page 28 SPEECH AT BUFFALO .
go ?
They must come to our shores .
They must come , even did God forbid them .
But he will hasten their coming .
They can live in the extremest South .
It is their latitude , - their side of the ocean .
They can cultivate cotton , rice , sugar , tea , and the silkworm .
Their skill , their manipulation , is unrivalled .
Their commonest gong you can neither make nor explain .
They are a law - abiding people , without castes , accustomed to rise by merit to highest distinctions , and capable of the noblest training , when their idolatry , which is waxing old as a garment , shall be folded up as a vesture and changed for that whose years shall not fail .
The English ambassador assures us that the Chinese negotiator of the late treaty Was a splendid gentleman , and a diplomatist to move in any court of Europe .
Shem , then , can mingle with Japheth in America .
The Chinese must come .
God will bring them .
Ile will fulfil Benton 's noble thought .
The railroad must complete the voyage of Columbus .
The statue of the Genoese , onil some peak of the Rocky Mountains , high above the flying cars , must point to the West , saying , " There is the East !
There is India and Cathay . "
Let us , then , North and South , bring our minds to comprehend two ideas , and submit to their 28
Page 29 SPEECH AT BUFFALO .
irresistible power .
Let the Northern philanthropist learn from the Bible that the relation of master and slave is not sin per se .
Let him learn that God nowhere says it is sin .
Let him learn that sin is the transgression of the law ; and where there is no law , there is no sin ; and that the golden rule may existimilrelations of slavery .
FLet him learn that slavery is simply an evil in cer crumstanees .
Let him learn that equality is only thig , hest form of social life ; i that subjection to authority , even slavery , may , in given conditions , be for a time better than freedom to the slave , of any complexion .
Let him learn that slavery , like all evils , has its corresponding and greater good ; that the Southern slave , though degraded compared with his master , is elevated and ennobled compared with his brethren in A x et the Northern man learn these things , and be wise to cultivate the spirit that will harmonize with his brethren of the South , who are lovers of liberty as truly as himself .
And let the Southern Christian - nay , the Southern man of every gradecomprehend that God never intended the relation of master and slave to be perpetual .
Let him give up the theory of Voltaire , that the negro is of a different species .
Let him yield the semi-infidelity of Agassiz , that God created different races of 3 * 29
Page 30 SPEECH AT BUFFALO .
the same species - in swarms , like bees - for Asia , Europe , America , Africa , and the islands of the sea .
Let him believe that slavery , although not a sin , is a degraded condition , - the evil , the curse on the South , - yet having blessings in its time to the South and to the Union .
Let him know that slavery is to pass away , in the fulness of Providence .
Let the South believe this , and prepare to obey the hand that moves their destiny .
Ham will be ever lower than Shem ; Shem will be ever lower than Japheth .
All will rise in the Christian grandeur to be revealed .
Ham will be lower than Shem , because he was sent to Central Africa .
Man south of the Equator - in Asia , Australia , Oceanica , America , especially Africa - is inferior to his Northern brother .
The blessing was upon Shem in his magnificent Asia .
The greater blessing was upon Japheth in his mandeveloping Europe .
Both blessings will be combined , in America , north of the Zone , in commingled light and life .
I see it all in the first symbolical altar of Noah on that mound at the base of Ararat .
The father of all living men bows before the incense of sacrifice , streaming up and mingling with the rays of the rising sun .
Htis noble family , and all flesh saved , are grouped round abont him .
There is Ham , at the foot of 30
Page 31 SPEECH AT BUFFALO .
the green hillock , standing , in his antediluvian , rakish recklessness , near the long - necked giraffe , type of his Africa , - his magnificent wife , seated on the grass , her little feet nestling in the tame lion 's mane , her long black hair flowing over crimson drapery and covered with gems from mines before the flood .
Higher up is Shem , leaning his arm over that mouse - colored horse , - his Arab steed .
His wife , in pure white linen , feeds the elephant , and plays with his lithe proboscis , - the mother of Terah , Abraham , Isaac , Jacob , Joseph , David , and Christ .
And yet she looks up , and bows in mild humility , to her of Japheth , seated amid plumed birds , in robes like the sky .
Her noble lord , meanwhile , high above all , stands , with folded arms , following that eagle which wheels up towards Ararat , displaying his breast glittering with stars and stripes of scarlet and silver , - radiant heraldry , traced by the hand of God .
Now he purifies his eye in the sun , and now he spreads his broad wings in symbolic flight to the lvest , until lost to the prophetic eye of Japheth , under the bow of splendors set that day in the cloud .
God 's covenant with man , oh , may the bow of covenant between us be here to - day , that the waters of this flood shall never again threaten our beloved land !
lw 31
Page 32 SPEECH , DELIVERED IN THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY NEW YORK , 1856 .
THE circumstances , under which this speech was delivered , are sufficiently shown in the statement below .
It was not a hasty production .
After being spoken , it was prepared for the " Journal of Commerce , " with the greatest care I could give to it : most of it was written again and again .
Unlike Pascal , who said , as to his longest and inferior sixteenth letter , that he had not had time to make it shorter , I had time ; and I did condense in that one speech the matured reflections of my whole life .
I am calmly satisfied I am right .
I am sure God has said , and does say , " Well done . "
The speech brings to view a wide range of thought , all belonging to the subject of slavery , of immense importance .
As introductory , - there is the question of the abolition agitation the last thirty years ; then , what is right and wrong , and the foundation of moral obligation ; then , the definition of sin ; next , the origin of human government , and the relations , in which God has placed men under his rule of subjection ; finally , the word of God is brought to sustain all the positions taken .
32 If
Page 33 SPEECII AT NEW YORK .
The challenge to argue the question of slavery from the Bible was thrown down on the floor of the Assembly , as stated .
Presently I took up the gauntlet , and made this argument .
The challenger never claimed his glove , then nor since ; nor has anybody , so far as I know , attempted to refute this speech .
Nothing has come to my ears ( save as to two points , to be noticed hereafter ) but reckless , bold denial of God 's truth , infidel affirmation without attempt at proof , and denunciations of myself .
Dr. Wisner having said that he would argue the question on the Bible at a following time , Dr. Ross rose , when he took his seat , and , taking his position on the platform near the Moderator 's chair , said , " I accept the challenge given by Dr. Wisner , to argue the question of slavery from the Scriptures . "
Dr. Wisner .
- Does the brother propose to go into it here ?
Dr. Ross .- Yes , sir .
Dr. Wisner .- Well , I did not propose to go into it here .
Dr. Ross .- You gave the challenge , and I accept it .
Dr. Wisner .-
I said I would argue it at a proper time ; but it is no matter .
Go ahead .
Dr. Beman hoped the discussion would be ruled out .
He did not think it a legitimate subject to go into , -Moses and the prophets , Christ and his apostles , and all intermediate authorities , on the subject of what the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in America had done .
Judge Jessup considered the question had been opened by this report of the majority : after which Dr. Beman withdrew his objection , and Dr. Ross proceeded .
C 33 I
Page 34 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
I am not a slave - holder .
Nay , I have shown some self - denial in that matter .
I emancipated slaves whose money - value would now be $ 40,000 .
In the providence of God , my riches have entirely passed from me .
I do not mean that , like the widow , I gave all the living I had .
My estate was then greater than that slave - property .
I merely wish to show I have no selfish motive in giving , as I shall , the true Southern defence of slavery .
( Applause . )
I speak from Huntsville , Alabama , my present home .
That gem of the South , that beautiful city where the mountain softens into the vale , - where the water gushes , a great fountain , from the rock , - where around that living stream there are streets of roses , and houses of intelligence and gracefulness and gentlest hospitality , - and , withal , where so high honor is ever given to the ministers of God .
Speaking then from that region where " Cotton is king , " I affirm , contrary as my opinion is to that most common in the South , that the slavery agitation has accomplished and will do great good .
I said so , to ministerial and political friends , twenty - five years ago .
I have always favored the agitation , - just as I have always countenanced discussion upon all subjects .
I felt that the slavery question needed examina 34
Page 35 SPEECHI AT NEW YORK .
tion .
I believed it was not understood in its relations to the Bible and human liberty .
Sir , the light is spreading North and South .
' Tis said , I know , this agitation has increased the severity of slavery .
True , but for a moment only , in the days of the years of the life of this noble problem .
Farmers tell us that deep ploughing in poor ground will , for a year or two , give you a worse crop than before you went so deep ; but that that deep ploughing will turn up the under - soil , and sun and air and rain will give you harvests increasingly rich .
So , this moral soil , North and South , was unproductive .
It needed deep ploughing .
For a time the harvest was worse .
Xow it is becoming more and more abundant .
The political controversy , however fierce and threatening , is only for power .
But the moral agitation is for the harmony of the Northern and Southern mind , in the right interpretations of Scripture on this great subject , and , of course , for the ultimate union of the hearts of all sensible people , to fulfil God 's intention , - to bless the white man and the black man in America .
I am sure of this .
I take a wide view of the progress of the destiny of this vast empire .
I see God in America .
I see him in the North 35
Page 36 SPEECII AT NEW YORK .
and in the South .
I see him more honored in the South to - day than he was twenty - five years ago ; and that that higher regard is due , mainly , to the agitation of the slavery question .
Do you ask how ?
Why , sir , this is the how .
Twenty - five years ago the religious mind of the South was leavened by wrong Northern training , on the great point of the right and wrong of slavery .
Meanwhile , powerful intellects in the South , following the mere light of a healthy good sense , guided by the common grace of God , reached the very truth of this great matter , - namely , that the relation of the master and slave is not sin ; and that , notwithstanding its admitted evils , it is a connection between the highest and the lowest races of man , revealing influences which may be , and will be , most benevolent for the ultimate good of the master and the slave , - conservative on the Union , by preserving the South from all forms of Northern fanaticism , and thereby being a great balancewheel in the working of the tremendous machinery of our experiment of self - government .
This seen result of slavery was found to be in absolute harmony with the word of God .
These men , then , of highest grade of thought , who had turned in scorn from Northern notions , 36
Page 37 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
now see , in the Bible , that these notions are false and silly .
They now read the Bible , never examined before , with growing respect .
God is honored , and his glory will be more and more in their salvation .
These are some of the moral consummations of this agitation in the South .
The development has been twofold in the North .
On the one hand , some anti-slavery men have left the light of the Bible , and wandered into the darkness until they have reached the blackness of the darkness of infidelity .
Other some are following hard after , and are throwing the Bible into the furnace , are melting it into iron , and forging it , and welding it , and twisting it , and grooving it into the shape and significance and goodness and gospel of Sharpe 's rifles .
Sir , are you not afraid that some of your once best men will soon have no better Bible than that ?
But , on the other hand , many of your brightest minds are looking intensely at the subject , in the same light in which it is studied by the highest Southern reason .
Ay , sir , motherEngland , old fogy as she is , begins to open her eyes .
What , then , is our gain ?
Sir , Uncle Tom 's Cabin , in many of its conceptions , could not have been written twenty - five years ago .
4 37
Page 38 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
That book of genius , - over which I and hundreds in the world have freely wept , - true in all its facts , false in all its impressions , - yea , as false in the prejudice it creates to Southern social life as if Webster , the murderer of Parkman , may be believed to be a personification of the elite of honor in Cambridge , Boston , and New England .
Nevertheless , Uncle Tom 's Cabin could not have been written twenty - five years ago .
Dr. Nehemiah Adams's " South - Side View " could not have been written twenty - five years ago .
Nor Dr. Nathan Lord 's " Letter of Inquiry . "
Nor Miss Murray 's book .
Nor " Cotton is King . "
Nor Bledsoe 's " Liberty and Slavery . "
These books , written in the midst of this agitation , are all of high , some the highest , reach of talent and noblest piety ; all give , with increasing confidence , the present Southern Bible reading on Slavery .
May the agitation , then , go on !
I know the New School Presbyterian church has sustained some temporary injury .
But God is honored in his word .
The reaction , when the first abolition - movement commenced , has been succeeded by the sober second thought of the South .
The sun , stayed , is again travelling in the greatness of his strength , and will shine brighter and brighter to the perfect day .
38
Page 39 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
My only fear , Mr. Moderator , is that , as you Northern people are so prone to go to extremes in your zeal and run every thing into the ground , you may , perhaps , become too pro-slavery ; and that we may have to take measures against your coveting , over much , our daughters , if not our wives , our men-servants , our maid - servants , our houses , and our lands .
( Laughter . )
Sir , I come now to the Bible argument .
I begin at the beginning of eternity !
( Laughter . )
WHAT IS RIGHT AND WRONG ?
That 's the question of questions .
Two theories have obtained in the world .
The one is , that right and wrong are eternal facts ; that they exist per se in the nature of things ; that they are ultimate truths above God ; that he must study , and does study , to know them , as really as man .
And that he comprehends them more clearly than man , only because he is a better student than man .
Now , sir , this theory is atheism .
For if right and wrong are like mathematical truths - fixed facts - then I may find them out , as I find out mathematical truths , without instruction from God .
I do not ask God to tell me that one and one make two .
I do not ask him to reveal to me the demonstra 39
Page 40 SPEECII AT NEW YORK .
tions of Euclid .
I thank him for the mind to perceive .
But I perceive mathematical relations without his telling me , because they exist independent of his will .
If , then , moral truths , if right and wrong , if rectitude and sin , are , in like manner , fixed , eternal facts , - if they are out from and above God , like mathematical entities , then I may find them for myself .
I may condescend , perhaps , to regard the Bible as a hornbook , in which God , an older student than I , tells me how to begin to learn what he had to study ; or I may decline to be taught , through the Bible , how to learn right and wrong .
I may think the Bible was good enough , may be , for the Israelite in Egypt and in Canaan ; good enough for the Christian in Jerusalem and Antioch and Rome , but not good enough , even as a horubook , for me , - the man of the nineteenth celntury , - the man of Boston , New York , and Brooklyn !
Oh , no .
I may think I need it not at all .
What next ?
Why , sir , if I may think I need not God to teach me moral truth , I may think I need him not to teach me any thing .
What next ?
The irresistible conclusion is , I may think I can live without God ; that Jehovah is a myth , - a name ; I may bid him stand aside , or die .
Oh , sir , Iwill be the fool to say there is no 40
Page 41 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
God .
This is the result of the notion that right and wrong exist in the nature of things .
The other theory is , that right and wrong are results brought into being , mere contingencies , means to good , made to exist solely by the will of God , expressed through his word ; or , when his will is not thus known , he shows it in the human reason by which he rules the natural heart .
This is so ; because God , in making all things , saw that in the relations he would constitute between himself and intelligent creatures , and among themselves , NATURAL GOOD AND EVIL would come to pass .
In his benevolent wisdom , he then willed LAW , to control this natural good and evil .
And he thereby made conformity to that law to be right , and non-conformnity to be wrong .
Why ?
Simply because he saw it to be good , and made it to be right ; not because he saw it to be right , but because he made it to be right .
Hence , the ten specific commandments of the one moral law of love are just ten rules which God made to regulate the natural good and evil which he knew would be in the ten relations , which he himself constituted between himself and man , and between man and his neighbor .
The Bible settles the question : - sil is the trans 4 * 41
Page 42 SPEECII AT NEW YORK .
gression of the law , and where there is no law there is no sin .
I must advance one step further .
What is sin , as a mental state ?
Is it some quality - some concentrated essence - some elementary moral particle in the nature of things - something black , or red , like crimson , in the constitution of the soul , or the soul and body as amalgamated ?
No .
Is it self - love ?
No .
Is it selfishness ?
No .
What is it ?
Just exactly , sef - wil .
Just that .
I , the creature , WILL not submit to thy WILL , God , the Creator .
It is the I AM , created , who dares to defy and dishonor the I AM , not created , the Lord God , the Almighty , Holy , Eternal .
That IS SIN , per se .
And that is all of it , - so help me God !
Your child there - John - says to his father , " I WILL not to submit to your will . " "
Why not , John ? "
And he answers and says , " ' Because I WILL not . "
There , sir , John has revealed all of sin , on earth or in hell .
Satan has never said - can never say - more .
" I , Satan , WILL NOT , because I WILL not to submit to thee , God ; MY WILL , not thine , shall be . "
This beautifill theory is the ray of light which leads us from night , and twilight , and fog , and mist , and ntystification , on this subject , to clear day .
I will illustrate it by the law which has 42
Page 43 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
controlled and now regulates the most delicate of all the relations of life , - viz . : that of the intercourse between the sexes .
I take this , because it presents the strongest apparent objections to my argument .
Cain and Abel married their sisters .
Was it wrong in the nature of things ?
[ Here Dr. Wisner spoke out , and said , " Certainly . " ]
I deny it .
What an absurdity , to suppose that God could not provide for the propagation of the human race from one pair , without requiring them to sin !
Adam 's sons and daughters must have married , had they remained in innocence .
They must then have sinned in Eden , from the very necessity of the command upon the race : -"
Be fruitful , and multiply , and replenish the earth . " ( Gen. i. 28 ) .
What pure nonsense !
There , sir !
- that , my one question , Dr. Wisner 's reply , and my rejoinder , bring out , perfectly , the two theories of right and wrong .
Sir , Abraham married his half - sister .
And there is not a word forbidding such marriage , until God gave the law ( Lev. xviii . ) prohibiting marriage in certain degrees of consanguinity .
That law made , then , such marriage sin .
But God gave no such law in the family of Adam ; because he made , himself , the marriage of brother and sister the way , 43
Page 44 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
and the only way , for the increase of the human race .
HUe commanded them thus to marry .
They would have sinned had they not thus married ; for they would have transgressed his law .
Such marriage was not even a natural evil , in the then family of man .
But when , in the increase of numbers , it became a natural evil , physical and social , God placed man on a higher platform for the development of civilization , morals , and religion , and then made the law regulating marriages in the particulars of blood .
But he still left polygamy untouched .
[ Here Dr. Wisner again asked if Dr. R. regarded the Bible as sustaiming the polygamy of the Old Testament . ]
Dr. R. - Yes , sir ; yes , sir ; yes , sir .
Let the reporters mark that question , and my answer .
( Laughter . )
My principle vindicates God from unintelligible abstractions .
I fearlessly tell what the Bible says .
In its strength , I am not afraid of earth or hell .
I fear only God .
God made no law against polygamy , in the beginniing .
Therefore it was no sin for a man to have nlore wives than one .
God sanctioned it , and made laws in regard to it .
Abraham had more wives than one ; Jacob had , David had , Solomon had .
God told David , by the mouth of Nathan , when he upbraided him with his ingratitude for the 44
Page 45 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
blessings he had given him , and said , " And I gave thee thy master 's house , and thy master 's wives into thy bosom . "
( 2 Sam. xvii .
8 . ) God , in the gospel , places man on another platform , for the revelation of a nobler social and spiritual life .
He now forbids polygamy .
Polygamy now is sin - not because it is in itself sin .
No ; but because God forbids it , - to restrain the natural and social evil , and to bring out a higher humanity .
And see , sir , how gently in the gospel the transition from the lower to the higher table - land of our progress upward is made .
Christ and his apostles do not declare polygamy to be sin .
The new law is so wisely given that nothing existing is rudely disturbed .
The minister of God , unmarried , must have only one wife at the same time .
This law , silently and gradually , by inevitable and fair inference of its meaning , and from the example of the apostles , passed over the Christian world .
God , in the gospel , places us in this higher and holier ground and air of love .
We sin , then , if we marry the sister , and other near of kin ; and we sin if we marry , at the same time , more wives than one , not because there is sin in the thing itself , whatever of natural evil there might be , but because in so doing we transgress God 's law , 45
Page 46 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
given to secure and advance the good of man .
I might comment in the same way on every one of the ten commandments , but I pass on .
The subject of slavery , in this view of right and wrong , is seen in the very light of heaven .
And you , Mr. Moderator , know that , if the view I have presented be true , I have got you , ( Great laughter . )
[ The Mloderator said , very pleasantly - Yesif - but it is a long if . ]
( Continued laughter . )
Dr. R. touched the Moderator on the shoulder , and said , Yes , if - it is a long if ; for it is this :- if there is a God , he is not Jupiter , bowing to the Fates , but God , the sovereign over the universe he has created , in which he makes right , by making law to be - known and obeyed by angels and men , in their varied conditions .
He gave Adam that command , - sublime in its simplicity , and intended to vindicate the principle I am affirming , - that there is no right and wrong in the nature of things .
There was no right or wrong , per se , in eating or willing to eat of that tree of the knowledge of good and evil .
But God made the law , - Thou shalt not eat of that tree .
As if he had said , - I seek to test the submission of your will , freely , to my will .
And , that your test may be perfect , I will let your 46
Page 47 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
temptation be nothing more than your natural desire for that fruit .
Adam sinned .
What was the sin ?
Adam said , in heart , MY WILL , not thine , SHALL BE .
That was the sin , - the simple transgyression of God 's law , when there was neither sin nor evil in the thing which God forbade to be done .
Man fell and was cursed .
The law of the control of the superior over the inferior is now to begin , and is to go on in the depraved conditions of the fallen and cursed race .
And , FIRST , God said to the woman , " Thy desire shall be to thy husband , and he shall rule over thee . "
There , in that law , is the beyinning of government ordained of God .
There is the beginning of the rule of the superior over the inferior , bound to obey .
There , in the family of Adam , is the germ of the rule in the tribe , - the state .
Adam , in his right , from God , to rule over his wife and his children , had all the authority afterwards expanded in the patriarch and the king .
This simple , beautiful fact , there , on the first leaf of the Bible , solves the problem , whence and how has man right to rule over man .
In that great fact God gives his denial to the idea that government over man is the result of a social compact , in which each individual man living in a state of natural liberty , 47
Page 48 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
yielded some of that liberty to secure the greater good of government .
Such a thing never was ; such a thing never could have been .
Government was ordained and established before the first child was born : -" IIE SHALL RULE OVER THEE . "
Cain and Abel were born in a state as perfect as the empire of Britain or the rule of these United States .
All that Blackstone , and Paley , and Hobbs , or anybody else , says about the social compact , is flatly and fully denied and upset by the Bible , history , and common sense .
Let any New York lawyer - or even a Philadelphia lawyer - deny this if he dares .
Life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness never were the inalienable right of the individual man .
HIis self - control , in all these particulars , from the beginning , was subordinate to the good of the family , - the empire .
The command to Noah was , -" Whoso shleddeth man 's blood , by man shall his blood be shed . "
( Gen. ix .
6 . ) This command to shed blood was , and is , in perfect harmony with the law , - " Thou shalt not kill . "
There is nothing right or wrong in the taking of life , per se , or in itself considered .
It may or it may not be a natural good or evil .
As a general fact , the taking of life is a natural evil .
Hence , " Thou shalt not kill " is the general rule , 48
Page 49 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
to preserve the good there is in life .
To take life under the forbidden conditions is sin , simply because God forbids it under those conditions .
The sin is not in taking life , but in transgressing God 's law .
But sometimes the taking of life will secure a greater good .
God , then , commands that life be taken .
Not to take life , under the commanded conditions , is sin , - solely because God then commands it .
This power over life , for the good of the one great family of man , God delegated to Noah , and through him to the tribe , the clan , the kingdom , the empire , the democracy , the republic , as they may be governed by chief , king , emperor , parliament , or congress .
Had Ham killed Shemr , Noah would have commanded Japheth to slay him .
So much for the origin of the power over life : now for the power over liberty .
The right to take life included the right over liberty .
But God intended the rule of the superior over the inferior , in relations of service , should exemplify human depravity , his curse and his overruling blessing .
The rule and the subordination which is essential to thie existence of the family , God made commensurate with mankind ; for mankind 1 ) ~~~~5 49 D 5
Page 50 ~ SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
is only the conyeries of families .
When Ham , in his antediluvian recklessness , laughed at his father , God took occasion to give to the world the rule of the superior over the inferior .
Ie cursed him .
Ie cursed him because he left him unblessed .
The withholding of the father 's blessing , in the Bible , was curse .
Hence Abraham prayed God , when Isaac was blessed , that Ishmael might not be passed by .
Hence Esau prayed his father , when Jacob was blessed , that he might not be left untouched by his holy hands .
Ham was cursed to render service , forever , to Shem and Japheth .
The special curse on Canaan made the general curse on Ham conspicuous , historic , and explanatory , simply because his descendants were to be brought under the control of God 's peculiar people .
Shem was blessed to rule over Ham .
Japheth was blessed to rule over both .
God sent Ham to Africa , Shem to Asia , Japheth to Europe .
Mr. Moderator , you have read Guyot 's " Earth and Man . "
That admirable book is a commentary upon this part of Genesis .
It is the philosophy of geography .
And it is the philosophy of the rule of the higher races over the inferior , written on the very face of the earth .
He tells you why the continents are shaped as they are shaped ; why the mountains stand where they 50
Page 51 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
stand ; why the rivers run where they run ; why the currents of the sea and the air flow as they flow .
And he tells you that the earth south of the Equator makes the inferior man .
That the oceanic climate makes the inferior man in the Pacific Islands .
That South America makes the inferior man .
That the solid , unindented Southern Africa makes the inferior man .
That the huge , heavy , massive , magnificent Asia makes the huge , heavy , massive , magnificent man .
That Europe , indented by the sea on every side , with its varied scenery , and climate , and Northern influences , makes the varied intellect , the versatile power and life and action , of the master - man of the world .
And it is so .
Africa , with here and there an exception , has never produced men to compare with the men of Asia .
For six thousand years , save the unintelligible stones of Egypt , she has had no history .
Asia has had her great men and her name .
But Europe has ever shown , and now , her nobler men and higher destiny .
Japheth has now come to North America , to give us his past greatness and his transcendent glory .
( Applause . )
And , sir , I thank God our mountains stand where they stand ; and that our rivers run where they run .
Thank God they run not across longitudes , but across latitudes , from north to 51
Page 52 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
south .
If they crossed longitudes , we might fear for the Union .
But I hail the Union , - made by God , strong as the strength of our hills , and ever to live and expand , - like the flow and swell of the current of our streams .
( Applause . )
These two theories of Right and Wrong , - these two ideas of human liberty , - the right , in the nature of things , or the right as made by God , thie liberty of the individual man , of Atheism , of Red Republicanism , of the devil , - or the liberty of man , in the family , in the State , the liberty from God , these two theories now make the conflict of the world .
This anti-slavery battle is only part of the great struggle :
God will be victorious , — and we , in his might .
I now come to particular illustrations of the world - wide law that service shall be rendered by the inferior to the superior .
The relations in which such service obtains are very many .
Some of them are these : - husband and wife ; parent and child ; teacher and scholar ; commander and soldier , - sailor ; master and apprentice ; master and hireling ; master and slave .
Now , sir , all these relations are ordained of God .
They are all directly commanded , or they are the irresistible law of his providence , in conditions which must come up in the pro 52
Page 53 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
gress of depraved nature .
The relations themselves are all good in certain conditions .
And there may be no more of evil in the lowest than in the highest .
And there may be in the lowest , as really as in the highest , the fulfilment of the commandment to love thy neighbor as thyself , and of doing unto him whatsoever thou wouldst have him to do unto thee .
Why , sir , the wife everywhere , except where Christianity has given her elevation , is the slave .
And , sir , I say , without fear of saying too strongly , that for every sigh , every groan , every tear , every agony of stripe or death , which has gone up to God from the relation of master and slave , there have been more sighs , more groans , more tears , and more agony in the rule of the husband over the wife .
Sir , I have admitted , and do again admit , without qualification , that every fact in Uncle Tom 's Cabin has occurred in the South .
But , in reply , I say deliberately , what one of your first men told me , that he who will make the horrid exa mination will discover in New York City , in any number of years past , more cruelty from husband to wife , parent to child , than in all t4e South from master to slave in the same time .
I dare the investigation .
And you may extend 5 * 53
Page 54 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
it further , if you choose , - to all the results of honor and purity .
I fear nothing on this subject .
I stand on rock , the Bible , - and therefore , just before I bring the Bible , to which all I have said is introductory , I will run a parallel between the relation of master and slave and that of husband and wife .
I will say nothing of the grinding oppression of capital upon labor , in the power of the master over the hireling - the crushed peasant - the chain - harnessed coal - pit woman , a thousand feet under ground , working in darkness , her child toiling by her side , and another child not born ; I will say nothing of the press - gang which fills the navy of Britain the conscription which makes the army of France - the terrible floggings - the awful court - martial - the quick sentence - the lightning - shot - the chain , and ball , and everyday lash the punishment of the soldier , sailor , slave , who had run away .
I pass all this by : I will run the parallel between the slave and wife .
Do you say , The slave is held to involuntary service .?
So is the wife .
Her relation to her husband , in the immense majority of cases , is made for her , and not by her .
And when she makes it for herself , how often , and how soon , does it become involuntary !
How often , and how 54
Page 55 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
soon , would she throw off the yoke if she could !
O ye wives , I know how superior you are to your husbands in many respects , - not onlyin personal attraction , ( although in that particular , comparison is out of place , ) in grace , ill refined thought , in passive fortitude , in enduring love , and in a heart to be filled with the spirit of heaven .
Oh , I know all this .
Nay , I know you may surpass him in his own sphere of boasted prudence and worldly wisdom about dollars and cents .
Nevertheless , he has authority , from God , to rule over you .
You are under service to him .
You are bound to obey him in all things .
Your service is very , very , very often involuntary from the first , and , if voluntary at first , becomes hopeless necessity afterwards .
I know God has laid upon the husband to love you as Christ loved the church , and in that sublime obligation has placed you in the light and under the shadow of a love infinitely higher , and purer , and holier than all talked about in the romances of chivalry .
But the husband may not so love you .
lIe may rule you with the rod of iron .
What can you do ?
Be di vorced ?
God forbids it , save for crime .
Will you say that you are free , - that you will go where you please , do as you please ?
WVhy , ye 55
Page 56 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
dear wives , your husbands may forbid .
And listen , you cannot leave New York , nor your palaces , any more than your shanties .
No ; you cannot leave your parlor , nor your bedchamber , nor your couch , if your husband commands you to stay there !
What can you do ?
Will you run away , with your stick and your bundle ?
He can advertise you !!
What can you do ?
You can , and I fear some of you do , wish him , from the bottom of your hearts , at the bottom of the Hudson .
Or , in your self - will , you will do just as you please .
( Great laughter . )
[ A word on the subject of divorce .
One of your standing denunciations on the South is the terrible laxity of the marriage vow among the slaves .
Well , sir , what does your Boston Dr. Nehemiah Adams say ?
He says , after giving eighty , sixty , and the like number of applications for divorce , and nearly all granted at individual quarterly courts in New England , - he says he is not sure but that the marriage relation is as enduring among the slaves in the South as it is among white people in New England .
I only give what Dr. Adams says .
I would fain vindicate the marriage relation from this rebuke .
But one thing I will say : you seldom hear of a divorce in Virginia or South Carolina . ]
56
Page 57 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
But to proceed :
Do you say the slave is sold and bought ?
So is the wife the world over .
Everywhere , always , and now as the general fact , however done away or modified by Christianity .
The savage buys her .
The barbarian buys her .
The Turk buys her .
The Jew buys her .
The Christian buys her , - Greek , Armenian , Nestorian , Roman Catholic , Protestant .
The Portuguese , the Spaniard , the Italian , the German , the Russian , the Frenchman , the Englishman , the New England man , the New Yorker , - especially the upper ten , - buy the wife - in many , very many cases .
She is seldom bought in the South , and never among the slaves themselves ; for they always marry for love .
( Continued laughter . )
Sir , I say the wife is jought in the highest circles , too often , as really as the slave is bought .
Oh , she is not sold and purchased in the public market .
But come , sir , with me , and let us take the privilege of spirits out of the body to glide into that gilded saloon , or into that richly comfortable family room , of cabinets , and pictures , and statuary : see the parties , there , to sell and buy that human body and soul , and make her a chattel !
See how they sit , and bend towards each other , in earnest colloquy , 57
Page 58 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
on sofa of rosewood and satin , - Turkey carpet ( how befitting ! ) under feet , sunlight over head , softened through staifed windows : or it is night , and the gas is turned nearly off , and the burners gleam like stars through the shadow from which the whisper is heard , in which that old ugly brute , with gray goatee - how fragrant !
- bids one , two , five , ten hundred thousand dollars , and she is knocked off to him , - that beautiful young girl asleep up there , amid flowers , and innocent that she is sold and bought .
Sir , that young girl would as soon permit a baboon to embrace her , as that old , ignorant , gross , disgusting wretch to approach her .
Ah , has she not been sold and bought for money ?
But -
But what ?
But , you say , she - freely , and without parental authority , accepted him .
Then she sold herself for money , and was guilty of that which is nothing better than legal prostitution .
I know what I say ; you know what I say .
Up there in the gallery you know : you nod to one another .
Ah! you know the parties .
Yes , you say :
All true , true , true .
( Laughter . )
Now , Mr. Moderator , I will clinch all I have said by nails sure , and fastened from the word of God .
There is King James 's English Bible , with its 58
Page 59 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
magnificent dedication .
I bring the English acknowledged translation .
And just one word more to push gently aside - for I am a kind man to those poor , deluded anti-slavery people - their last argument .
It is that this English Bible , in those parts which treat of slavery , do n't give the ideas which are found in the original Hiebrew and Greek .
Alas for the common people ! alas for this good old translation !
Are its days numbered ?
No , sir ; no , sir .
The Unitarian , the Universalist , the Arminian , the Baptist , when pressed by this translation , have tried to find shelter for their false isms by making or asking for a new rendering .
And now the antislavery men are driving hard at the same thin ( Laughter . )
Sir , shall we permit our people everywhere to have their confidence in this noble translation undermined and destroyed by the isms and whims of every or any man in our pulpits ?
I affirm , whatever be our perfect liberty of examination into God 's meaning in all the light of the original languages , that there is a respect due to this received version , and that great caution should be used , lest we teach the people to doubt its true rendering from the original word of God .
I protest , sir , against having a Doctor - of - Divinity priest , Hebrew or Greek , to 59
Page 60 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
tell the people what God has spoken on the subject of slavery or any other subject .
( Laughter . )
I would as soon have a Latin priest , - I would as soon have Archbishop HIughes , - I would as soon go to Rome as to Jerusalem or Athens , - I would as soon have the Pope at once in his fallible - infallibility , - as ten or twenty , little or big , anti-slavery Doctor - of - Divinity priests , each claiming to give his infallible rendering , however differing from his peer .
( Laughter . )
I never yet produced this Bible , in its plain Unanswerable authority , for the relation of master and slave , but the anti-slavery man ran away into the fog of his Hebrew or Greek , ( laughter , ) or he jabbered the nonsense that God permitted the sin of slaveholding among the Jews , but that he do n't do it now !
Sir , God sanctioned slavery then , and sanctions it now .
He made it right , they know , then and now .
Having thus taken the last puff of wind out of the sails of the anti-slavery phantom ship , turn to the twentyfirst chapter of Exodus , vs. 2 - 5 .
God , in these verses , gave the Israelites his command how they should buy and hold the Hebrew servant , how , under certain conditions , he went free , how , under other circumstances , he might be held to service forever , with his wife and her 60
Page 61 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
children .
There it is .
Do n't run into the Hebrew .
( Laughter . )
But what have we here ?- vs. 7-11 :-"
And if a man sell his daughter to be a maid - servant , she shall not go out as the men-servants do .
If she please not her master , who hath betrothed her to himself , then shall he let her be redeemed : to sell her unto a strange nation he shall have no power , seeing he hath dealt deceitfully with her .
And if he hath betrothed her unto his son , he shall deal with her after the manner of daughters .
If he take him another wife , her food , her raiment , and her duty of marriage shall he not diminish .
And if he do not these three unto her , then shall she go out free without money . "
Now , sir , the wit of man can't dodge that passage , unless he runs away into the Hebrew .
( Great laughter . )
For what does God say ?
Why , this :- that an Israelite might sell his own daughter , not only into servitude , but into polygamy , - that the buyer might , if he pleased , give her to his son for a wife , or take her to himself .
If he took her to himself , and she did not please him , he should not sell her unto a strange nation , but should allow her to be redeemed by her family .
But , if he took him another wife before he allowed the first one to 6 61
Page 62 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
be redeemed , he should continue to give the first one her food , her raimnent , and her duty of marriage ; that is to say , her right to his bed .
If he did not do these three things , she should go out free ; i.e. cease to be his slave , without his receiving any money for lIer .
There , sir , God sanctioned the Israelite father in selling his daughter , and the Israelite man to buy her , into slavery and into polygamy .
And it was then right , because God made it right .
In verses 20 and 21 , you have these words : -'
And if a man smite his servant or his maid with a rod , and he die under his hand , he shall be surely punished ; notwithstanding , if he continue a day or two , he shall not be punished : for he is his money . "
What does this passage mean ?
Surely this :- if the master gave his slave a hasty blow with a rod , and he died under his hand , he should be punished .
But , if the slave lived a day or two , it would so extenuate the act of the master he should not be punished , inasmuch as he would be in that case sufficiently punished in losing his money in his slave .
Now , sir , I affirm that God was more lenient to the degraded Hiebrew master than Southern laws are to the higher Southern master in like cases .
But there you have what was the divine will .
Find fault with God , ye anti-slavery 62
Page 63 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
men , if you dare .
In Leviticus , xxv. 44 - 46 , " Both thy bondmen and thy bondmaids , which thou shalt have , shall be of the heathen that are round about you ; of them shall ye buy bondmen and bondmaids .
Moreover , of the children of the strangers that do sojourn among you , of them shall ye buy , and of their families that are with you , which they beget in your land : and they shall be your possession .
And ye shall take them as an inheritance for your children after you , to inherit them for a possession ; they shall be your bondmen forever . "
Sir , I do not see how God could tell us more plainly that he did command his people to buy slaves from the heathen round about them , and from the stranger , and of their families sojourning among them .
The passage has no other meaning .
Did God merely permit sin ? - did he merely tolerate a dreadful evil ?
God does not say so anywhere .
Hie gives his people law to buy and hold slaves of the heathen forever , on certain conditions , and to buy and hold Hebrew slaves in variously - modified particulars .
Well , how did the heathen , then , get slaves to sell ?
Did they capture them in war ?- did they sell their own children ?
Wherever they got them , 63
Page 64 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
they sold them ; and God 's law gave his people the right to buy them .
God in the New Testament made no law prohibiting the relation of master and slave .
But he made law regulating the relation under Greek and Roman slavery , which was the most oppressive in the world .
God saw that these regulations would ultimately remove the evils in the Greek and Roman systems , and do it away entirely from the fitness of things , as there existing ; for Greek and Roman slaves , for the most part , were the equals in all respects of their masters .
Asop was a slave ; Terence was a slave .
The precepts in Colossians iv. 18 , 23 , 1 Tim. vi. 1 - 6 , and other places , show , unanswerably , that God as really sanctioned the relation of master and slave as those of husband and wife , and parent and child ; and that all the obligations of the moral law , and Christ 's law of love , might and must be as truly fulfilled in the one relation as in the other .
The fact that he has made the one set of relations permanent , and the other more or less dependent on conditions of mankind , or to pass away in the advancement of human progress , does not touch the question .
Hie sanctioned it under the Old Testament and the New , 64
Page 65 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
and ordains it now while he sees it best to con tinue it , and he now , as heretofore , proclaims the duty of the master and the slave .
Dr. Parker 's admirable explanation of Colossians , and other New Testament passages , saves me the necessity of saying any thing more on the Scripture argu ment .
One word on the Detroit resolutions , and I conclude .
Those resolutions of the Assembly of 1850 decide that slavery is sin , unless the master holds his slave as a guardian , or under the claims of humanity .
Mr. Moderator , I think we had on this floor , yesterday , proof conclusive that those resolu tions mean any thing or nothing ; that they are a fine specimen of Northern skill in platform making ; that it put in a plank here , to please this man , - a plank there , to please that man , a plank for the North , a broad board for the South .
It is Jackson 's judicious tariff .
It is a * gum-elastic conscience , stretched now to a charity covering all the multitude of our South ern sins , contracted now , giving us hardly a fig - leaf of righteousness .
It is a bowl of punch , A little sugar to make it sweet , A little lemon to make it sour , 6 * 65 E
Page 66 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
A little water to make it weak , A little brandy to give it power .
( Laughter . )
As a Northern argument against us , it is a mass of lead so heavy that it weighed down even the strong shoulders of Judge Jessup .
For , sir , when he closed his speech , I asked him a single question I had made ready for him .
It was this : -" Do you allow that Mr. Aiken , of South Carolina , may , under the claims of humanity , hold three - thousand slaves , or must he emancipate them ? "
The Judge staggered , and stammered , and said , " No man could rightly hold so many . "
I then asked , " How many may he hold , ill humanity ? "
The Judge saw his fatal dilemma .
He recovered himself handsomely , and fairly said , " Mr. Aiken might hold three thousand slaves , in harmony with the Detroit action . "
I replied , " Then , sir , you have surrendered the whole question of Southern slavery . "
And , sir , the Judge looked as if he felt he had surrendered it .
And every man in this house , capable of understanding the force of that question , felt it had shivered the whole anti-slavery argument , on those resolutions , to atoms .
Why , sir , if a man can hold three slaves , with a right heart and the approbation of God , he may hold thirty , 66
Page 67 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
three hundred , three thousand , or thirty thousand .
It is a mere question of heart , and capacity to govern .
The Emperor of Russia holds sixty millions of slaves : and is there a man in this house so much of a fool as to say that God regards the Emperor of Russia a sinner because he is the master of sixty millions of slaves ?
Sir , that Emrhperor has certainly a high and awful responsibility upon him .
But , if he is good as he is great , he is a god of benevolence on earth .
And so is every Southern master .
His obligation is high , and great , and glorious .
It is the same obligation , in kind , he is under to his wife and children , and in some respects immensely higher , by reason of the number and the tremendous interests involved for time and eternity in connection with this great country , Africa , and the world .
Yes , sir , I know , Nhether Southern masters fully know it or not , that they hold fromn God , individually and collectively , the highest and the noblest responsibility ever given by Himt to individual private men on all the face of the earth .
For God has intrusted to them to train millions of the most degraded illn form and intellect , but , at the same time , the most gentle , the most amiable , the most affectionate , the most imitative , the most u.ceptible of social 67
Page 68 SPEECH AT NEW YORK .
and religious love , of all the races of mankind , - to train them , and to give them civilization , and the light and the life of 'the , gospel of J.esus Chriist .
And I thank God he has given this great work to that type of the noble family of Japheth best qualified to do it , - to the Cavalier stock , - the gentleman and the lady of England and France , born to command , and softened and refined under our Southern sky .
May they know and feel and fulfil their destiny !
Oh , may they " know that they also have a Master in heaven . "
68
Page 69 LETTER FROM DR .
ROSS .
I NEED only say , in reference to this letter , that my friends having questioned my position as to the good of the agitation , I wrote the following letter to vindicate that point , as given in the N ew Y ork speech : - HUNTSVILLE , ALA . , July 14 , 1856 .
Brother Blackburn : - I affirmed , in my New York speech , that the Slavery agitation has done , and will accomplish , good .
Your very kind and courteous disagreement oh that point I will make the occasion to say something more thereon , without wishing you , my dear friend , to regard what I write as inviting any discussion .
I said that agitation has brought out , and would reveal still more fully , the Bible , in its relation to slavery and liberty , - also the infidelity which long has been , and is now , leavening with death the wPhole Northern mind .
And that it would result in the triumph of the true Southern interpretation of the Bible ; to the 69
Page 70 LETTER FROM DR .
ROSS .
honor of God , and to the good of the master , the slave , the stability of the Union , and be a blessing to the world .
To accomplish this , the sin per se doctrine will be utterly demolished .
That doctrine is the difficulty in every Northern mind , ( where there is any difficulty about slavery , ) whether they confess it or not .
Yes , the difficulty with every Northern man is , that the relation of master and slave is felt to be sin .
I know that to be the fact .
I have talked with all grades of Northern men , and come in contact with all varieties of Northern mind on this subject .
And I know that the man who says and tries to believe , and does , partially in sober judgment , believe , that slavery is not sin , yet , in his feelings , in his educated prejudices , he feels that slavery is sin .
Yes , that is the difficulty , and that is the whole of the difficulty , between the North and the South , so far as the question is one of the Bible and morals .
Now , I again say , that that sin per se doctrine will , in this agitation , be utterly demolished .
And when that is done , - when the North will know and feel fuilly , perfectly , that the relation of master and slave is not sin , but sanctioned of God , then , and not till then , the North and South can and will , without anger , consider the following questions : - Whether slavery , as it ex 70
Page 71 LETTER FROM DR .
ROSS . ists in the United States , all things considered , be or be not a great good , and the greatest good for a time , notwithstanding its admitted evils ?
Again , whether these evils can or cannot be modified and removed ?
Lastly , whether slavery itself can or cannot pass away from this land and the world ?
Now , sir , the moment the sin question is settled , then all is peace .
For these other questions belong entirely to another category of morals .
They belong entirely to the category of what is wise to realize good .
This agitation will bring this great result .
And therefore I affirm the agitation to be good .
There is another fact also , the result , in great measure , of this agitation , which in my view proves it to have been and to be of great good .
I mean the astonishing rise and present stability of the slave - power of the United States .
This fact , when examined , is undeniable .
And it is equally undeniable that it has been caused , in great part , by the slavery question in all its bearings .
It is a wonderful development made by God .
And I must believe he intends thereby either to destroy or bless this great Union .
But , as I believe he intends to bless , therefore I am fortified in affirming the good there has been 71
Page 72 LETTER FROM DR . ROSS . and is in this agitation .
Let me bring out to view this astonishing fact .
1 . Twenty - five years ago , and previously , the whole slave - holding South and West had a strong tendency to emancipation , in some form .
But the abolition movement then began , and arrested that Southern and Western leaning to emancipation .
Many people have said , and do say , that that arrest was and is a great evil .
I say it was and is a great good .
Why ?
Answer :
It was and would now be premature .
Hiad it been carried out , it would have been and would now be evil , immense , inconceivable , - to master , slave , America , Africa , and the world because neither master , slave , America , Africa , the world , were , or are , ready for emancipation .
God has a great deal to do before he is ready for emancipation .
tIe tells us so by this arrest put upon that tendency to emancipation years ago .
For
Hie put it into the hearts of abolitionists to make the arrest .
And Hie stopped the Southern movement all the more perfectly by Permitting Great Britain to emancipate Jamaica , and letting that experiment prove , as it has , a perfect failure and a terrible warning .
JAMAICA IS DESTROYED .
And now , whatever be done for its negroes must be done with the full admission that what has been 72
Page 73 LETTER FROM DR . ROSS .
attempted was in violation of the duty Britain owed to those negroes .
But her failure in seeing and doing her duty , God has given to us to teach us knowledge ; and , through us , to instruct the world in the demonstration of the problem of slavery .
2 . God put it into the hearts of Northern men -especially abolitionists - to give Texas to the South .
Texas , a territory so vast that a bird , as Webster said , can't fly over it in a week .
Many in the South did not want Texas .
But many longer - headed ones did want it .
And Northern men voted and gave to the South exactly what these longer - headed Southern statesmen wanted .
This , I grant , was Northern anti-slavery fatuity , utterly unaccountable but that God made them do it .
3 . God put it into the hearts of Northern men - especially abolitionists - to vote for Polk , Dallas , and Texas .
This gave us the Mexican War ; and that immense territory , its spoil , - a territory which , although it may not be favorable for slave - labor , has increased , and will , in many ways , extend the slave - power .
4 . This leads me to say that God put it into the hearts of many Northern men-especially abolitionists - to believe what Great Britain said , 7 73
Page 74 LETTER FROM DR .
ROSS .
- namely , that free trade would result ill slaveemancipation .
But lo !
the slave - holder wanted f?- ee trade .
So Northern abolitionists helped to destroy the tariff policy , and thus to expand the demand for , and the culture of , cotton .
Now ; , see , the gold of California has perpetuated free trade by enabling our merchants to meet the enormous demand for specie created by free trade .
So California helps the slave - power .
But the abolitionists gave us Polk , the Mexican War , and California .
5 . God put it into the hearts of the North , and especially abolitionists , to stimulate the settlement of new free States , and to be the ardent friends of an immense foreign emigration .
The result has been to - send down to the South , with railroad speed and certainty , corn , wheat , flour , meal , bacon , pork , beef , and every other imaginable form of food , in quantity amazing , and so cheap that the planter can spread wider and wider the culture of cotton .
6 . God has , by this growth of the Northwest , made the demand for cotton enormous in the North and Northwest .
Again , he has made English and French experiments to procure cotton somewhere else than from the United States dead failures , - in the East Indies , Egypt , Alge 74
Page 75 LETTER FROM DR .
ROSS . ria , Brazil .
God has thus given to the Southern planter an absolute monopoly .
A monopoly so great that he , the Southern planter , sits now upon his throne of cotton and wields the commercial sceptre of the world .
Yes , it is the Southern planter who says to - day to haughty England , Go to war , if you dare ; dismiss Dallas , if you dare .
Yes , he who sits on the throne of the cotton - bag has triumphed at last over him who sits on the throne of the wool - sack .
England is prostrate at his feet , as well as the abolitionists .
7 . God has put it into the hearts of abolitionists to prevent half a million of free negroes from going to Liberia ; and thereby the abolitionists have made them consumers of slaveproducts to the extension of the slav- power .
And , by thus keeping them in America , the abolitionists have so increased their degradation as to prove all the more the utter folly of emancipation in the United States .
8 . God has permitted the anti-slavery men in the North , in England , in France , and everywhere , so to blind themselves in hypocrisy as to give the Southern slave - holder his last perfect triumph over them ; for God tells the planter to say to the North , to England , to France , to all 7 * 7,5 .
Page 76 ~ ~ LETTER FROMT DR. ROSS . ' who buy cotton , " Ye men of B ] 3oston , New York , London , Paris , - ye hyptites , - ye brand me as a pirate , a kidnapper , a murderer , a demon , fit only for hell , anl - Set ye buy my blood - stained cotton .
0 ye hypocrites !- ye Boston hypocrites !
why doi ye throw the cotton in the sea , as your fathers did the tea ?
Ye Boston hypocrites !
ye say , if we had been in the days of our fathers , we would not have been partakers with them in the blood of the slave - trade !
Wherefore ye be witnesses unto yourselves that ye are the children of them who , in fact , kidnapped and bought in blood , and sold the slave in America !
for now , ye hypocrites , ye buy the blood - stained cotton in quantity so immense , that ye have run up the price of slaves to be more than a thousand dollars , - the average of old and young !
0 ye hypocrites !
ye denounce slavery ; then ye bid it live , and not die , - in that ye buy sugar , rice , tobacco , and , above all , cotton !
Ye hypocrites !
ye abuse the devil , and then fall down and worship him !
- ye hypocrites , - ye New England hypocrites , ye Old England hypocrites , - ye French hypocrites , - ye Uncle Tom 's Cabin hypocrites , - ye Beecher hypocrites , - ye Rhode Island Consociation hypocrites !
Oh , your holy twaddle stinks in the nostrils of Got , and he commands me I I b
Page 77 LETTER FROM DR .
ROSS .
to lash you with my scorn , and his scorn , so long as ye gabble about the sin of slavery , and then bow down to me , and buy and spin cotton , and thus work for me as truly as my slaves !
0 ye fools and blind , fill ye up the measure of your folly , and blindness , and shame !
And this ye are doing .
Ye have , like the French infidels , made reason your goddess , and are exalting her above the Bible ; and , in your unitarianisin and neology and all modes of infidelity , ye are rejecting and crucifying the Son of God . "
Now , my brother , this controlling slave - power is a world - wide fact .
Its statistics of bales count by millions ; its tonnage counts by hundreds of thousands ; its manufacture is reckoned by the workshops of America and Europe ; its supporters are numbered by all who must thus be clothed in the world .
This tremendous power has been developed in great measure by the abolition agitation , controlled by God .
I believe , then , as I have already said , that God intends one of two things .
He either intends to destroy the United States by this slave - power , or he intends to bless my country and the world by the unfoldings of his wisdom in this matter .
I believe he will bless the world in the working out 77
Page 78 LETTER FROM DR . ROSS . of this slavery .
I rejoice , then , in the agitation which has so resulted , and will so terminate , to reveal the Bible , and bless mankind .
Your affectionate friend , F. A. Ross.
REV .
A. BLACKBURN . 78
Page 79 WHAT IS THE FOUNDATION OF MORAL OBLIGATION ?
MY position as to this all - important question , in my New York speech , was made subject of remark in the " Presbyterian Herald , " Louisville , Kentucky , to which I replied at length in the " Presbyterian Witness , " Knoxville , Tennessee .
No rejoinder was ever made to that reply .
But , recently , an extract from the younger Edwards was submitted to me .
To that I gave the following letter .
The subject is of the first and the last importance , and bears directly , as set forth in my New York speech , on infidelity , and , of course , the slavery question : MR .
EDITOR :- In your paper of Tuesday , 24th ult. , there is an article , under this head , giving the argument of Edwards ( the son ) against my views as to the foundation of moral obligation .
I thank the writer for his argument , and his courteous manner of presenting it .
In my third letter to Mr. Barnes , I express my preparation to meet " all comers " on this question ; and I am pleased to see this " comer . "
If my views cannot be refuted by Edwards , I may wait long for an " uglier customer . "
79
Page 80 WHAT IS TIlE FOUNDATION
A word , introductory , to your correspondent .
He says , " ' His [ Dr. Ross 's ] theory was advanced and argued against in a former age . "
By this , I understand him to express his belief that my theory has been rejected heretofore .
Well .
It may , nevertheless , be the true theory .
The Copernican astronomy was argued against in a former age and rejected ; yet it has prevailed .
Newton 's law of gravitation was argued against and rejected by a whole generation of philosophers on the continent of Europe ; yet it has prevailed .
And now all school - boys and girls would call anybody a fool who should deny it .
Steam , in all its applications , was argued against and rejected ; yet it has prevailed .
So the electric telegraph ; and , to go back a little , the theory of vaccination , - the circulation of the blood , - a thousand things ; yea , Edwards 's ( the father ) theory of virtue , although received by many , has been argued against , and by many rejected ; yet it will prevail .
Yea , his idea of the unity of the race in Adam was and is argued against and rejected ; yet it will prevail .
I feel , therefore , no fear that my theory of moral obligation will not be acknowledged because it was argued against and rejected by many in a former age , and may be now .
Nay ; facts to prove it so w
Page 81 OF MORAL OBLIGATION ?
are accumulating , - facts which were ' not developed in Edwards 's day , - facts showing , irresistibly , that Edwards 's theory , which is that most usually now held , is what I say it is , - the rejection of revelation , infidelity , and atheism .
The evidence amounts to demonstration .
The question is in a nutshell ; it is this : - Shall man submit to the revealed will of God , or to his own will ?
That is the naked question when the fog of confused ideas and unmeaning words is lifted and dispersed .
My position , expressed in the speech delivered in the General Assembly , New York , May , 1856 , is this : -" God , in making all things , saw that , in the relations he would constitute between himself and intelligent creatures , and among themselves , NATURAL GOOD AND EVIL would come to pass .
In his benevolent wisdom , he then willed LAW to control this good and evil ; and he thereby made conformity to that law to be right , and non -confo , rmity to be wrong .
Why ?
Simply because he saw it to be good , and made it to be RIGHAT ; not because he saw it to be right , but because he made it to be right . "
Your correspondent replies to this theory in the following words of Edwards : -" Some hold that the foundation of moral obligation is pri F 81
Page 82 WHAT IS THE FOUNDATION marily in the will of God .
But the will of God is either benevolent or not .
If it be benevolent , and on that account the foundation of moral obligation , it is not the source of obligation merely because it is the will of God , but because it is benevolent , and is of a tendency to promote happiness ; and this places the foundation of obligation in a tendency to happiness , and not primarily in the will of God .
But if the will of God , and that which is the expression of it , the divine law , be allowed to be not benevolent , and are foundation of obligation , we are obliged to conform to them , whatever they be , however malevolent and opposite to holiness and goodness the requirements be .
But this , I presume , none will pretend . "
Very fairly and strongly put ; that 's to say , if I understand Edwards , he supposes , if God was the devil and man what he is , then man would not be under obligation to obey the devil 's will !
That 's it !
Well , I suppose so too ; and I reckon most Christians would agree to that statement .
Nay , more : I presume nobody ever taught that the mere naked will , abstractly considered , if it could be , from the character of God , was the ground of moral obligation ?
Nay , I think nobody ever imagined that the notion of an infinite Creator presup 82 1 ,
Page 83 OF MORAL OBLIGATION ?
poses or includes the idea that he is a malevolent Being !
I agree , then , with Edwards , that the ultimate ground of obligation is in the fact that God is benevolent , or is a good God .
I said that in my speech quoted above .
I formally stated that " God , in his benevolent wisdom , willed law to control the natural good and evil , " &c .
What , then , is the point of disagreement between my view and Edwards 's ?
It is in the different ways by which we GET AT the FACT of divine benevolence .
I hold that the REVEALED WORD tells us who God is and what he does , and is , therefore , the ULTIMATE GROUND OF OBLIGATION .
But Edwards holds that HUMAN REASON must tell us who God is and what he does , and IS , therefore , the PRIMARY GROUND OF OBEDIENCE .
That is my issue with Edwards and others ; and it is as broad an issue as faith in revelation , or the REJECTION OF IT .
I do not charge that Edwards did , or that all who hold with him do , deny the word of God ; but I do affirm that their argument does .
The matter is plain .
For what is revelation ?
It is that God has appeared in person , and told man in WORD that he is GOD ; and told him first in WORD ( to be expanded in studying creation and providence ) that God is a Spirit , eternal , infinite in power , wisdom , goodness , holiness , - the Creator , Pre 83 I .
Page 84 WHAT IS THE FOUNDATION server , Benefactor .
That WORD , moreover , he proved by highest evidence — namely , supernatural evidence - to be absolute , perfect TRUTH as to all FACT affirmed of him and what he does .
REVELATION , as claimed in the Bible , was and is THAT THING .
Man , then , having this revelation ; is under obligation ever to believe every jot and tittle of that WORD .
HIe at first , no doubt , knew little of the meaning of some facts declared ; nay , he may have comprehended nothing of the sense or scope of many facts affirmed .
Nay , he may now , after thousands of years , know most imperfectly the meaning of that WORD .
But he was and he is , notwithstanding , to believe with absolute faith the WORD , - that God is all he says he is , and does all he says he does , - however that WORD may go beyond his reason , or surprise his feelings , or alarm his conscience , or command his will .
This statement of what revelation is , settles the whole question as presented by Edwards .
For REVELATION , as explained , does FIX forever the foundation of man 's moral obligation in the benevolence of God , PRIMARILY , as it is expressed in the word of God.
REVELATION does then , in that sense , FIX obligation in the MERE WILL OF GOD ; for , the moment you attempt to establish the foun 84
Page 85 OF MORAL OBLIGATION ?
dation somewhere else , you have abandoned the ground of revelation .
You have left the WILL OF GOD in his word , and you have made your rule of right to be the WILL OF MAN in the SELF of the HEART .
The proof of what I here say is so plain , even as the writing on the tables of Habakkuk 's vision , that he may run that readeth it .
Read , then , even as on the tables .
God says in his WORD , " I am all - powerful , allwise , the Creator . "
" You may be , " says Edwards , " but I want primary foundation for my faith ; and I can't take your word for it .
I must look first into nature to see if evidence of infinite power and wisdom is there , - to see if evidence of a Creator is there , - and if thou art he ! "
Again , God says in his word , " I am benevolent , and my will in my law is expression of that benevolence . "
" You may tell the truth , " Edwards replies , " but I want primary ground for my belief , and I must hold your word suspended until I examine into my reason , my feelings , my conscience , my will , - to see if your WORD harmonizes with my HEART , - to see if what you reveal tends to happiness IN MY NOTION OF RAPPINESS ; or tends to right IN MY NOTION OF RIGHT ! "
That 's it .
That 's the theory of Edwards , Barnes , and others .
8 85
Page 86 WHAT IS THIE FOUNDATION
And what is this but the attempt to know the divine attributes and character in some other way than through the divine woRD ?
And what is this but the denial of the divine WORD , except so far as it agrees with the knowledge of the attributes and character of God , obtained in THAT some other way ?
And what is this but to make the word of God subordinate to the teaching of the HUMAN HEART ?
And what is this but to make the WILL of God give place to the WILL of man ?
And what is this but the REJECTION Or REVELATION ?
Yet this is the result ( though not intended by him ) of the whole scheme of obligation , maintained by Edwards and by all who agree with him .
Carry it out , and what is the progress and the end of it ?
This .
Hiuman reason - the human heart - will be supreme .
Some , I grant , will hold to a revelation of some sort .
A thing more and more transcendental , - a thing more and more of fog and moonshine , - fog floating in German cellars from fumes of lager - beer , and moonshine gleaming from the imaginations of the drinkers .
Some , like Socrates and Plato , will have a God supreme , personal , glorious , somewhat like the true ; and with him many inferior deities , - animating the stars , the earth , mountains , valleys , 86
Page 87 OF MORAL OBLIGATION ?
plains , the sea , rivers , fountains , the air , trees , flowers , and all living things .
Some will deny a personal God , and conceive , instead , the intelligent mind of the universe , without love .
Some will contend for mere law , - of gravitation and attraction ; and some will suggest that all is the result of a fortuitous concourse of atoms !
Here , having passed through the shadows and the darkness , we have reached the blackness of infidelity , - blank atheism .
No God -yea , all the way the " fools " were saying in their hearts , no God .
What now is man ?
Alas ! some , the Notts and Gliddons , tell us , man was indeed created millions of ages ago , the Lord only knows when , in swarms like bees to suit the zones of the earth , - while other some , the believers in the vestiges of creation , say man is the result of development , - from fire , dust , granite , grass , the creeping thing , bird , fish , four - footed beast , monkey .
Yea , and some of these last philosophers are even now going to Africa to try to find men they have heard tell of , who still have tails and are jumping and climbing somewhere in the regions around the undiscovered sources of the Nile .
This is the progress and the result of the Edwards theory ; because , deny or hesitate about 87
Page 88 WItAT IS TIIE FOUNDATION revelation , and man cannot prove , absolutely , any of the things we are considering .
Let us see if he can .
Edwards writes ,
" On the supposition that the will or law of God is the primary foundation , reason , and standard of right and virtue , every attempt to prove the moral perfection or attributes of God is absurd . "
IHere , then , Edwards believes , that , to reach the primary foundation of right and virtue , he must not take God 's word as to his perfection or attributes , no mnatter how fully God may have proved his word : no ; but he , Edwards , he , man , must first prove them in some other
Angry Bairns fans last night aired their fears on sports websites that a two minute applause rather than silence will be ordered by either the club or SPL officials before the game which will be shown live by ESPN kicks off .
One supporter posted a message saying he was " totally disgusted " at the thought of applauding and warned that such a move would make a farce of the day and would bring " bad publicity " for Scottish football as the match was being screened throughout the country .
While another called himself Bairn4 life said " we should not give in to them ( Celtic ) as it is supposed to be a time of reflection not joy " Another opposition fan declared : "
It would be ridiculous if my club was to change things to suit a minority "
But last night Falkirk 's Operations manager Keith Hogg insisted no decison had yet been taken on the issue and that they would be seeking guidance from the SPL .
Tags
– Frank D. Graham
" Such financial difficulties as may occur will almost certainly arise from political rather than economic sources . "
Earlier this year , in a flea market , I found an interesting book : Exchange , Prices and Production in Hyper- Inflation : Germany , 1920 – 1923 , by Frank D. Graham ( Princeton University Press , 1930 ) .
I had come across Professor Graham 's name on Mises.org , so I suspected the book might offer insights into these matters from a free - market perspective .
The copy I bought had languished in a well - known university 's library for about 80 years and then been discarded — since some universities apparently are no longer in the business of preserving knowledge .
Frank Graham ( d. 1944 ) was a Princeton economist .
He lived in , as the old Chinese curse has it , " interesting times . "
Generally , he supported free markets and free societies during a time when they were under unrelenting attack by jack - booted , collectivist intellectuals of various stripes .
What is unusual about Professor Graham 's 1930 book is that it views the events in Germany without foreknowledge of the Great Depression , the Nazi takeover , or the madness of the long - running Soviet state .
In that sense , it is an innocent book .
For instance , the professor makes a passing reference to what we now view as the market crash of 1929 , but to him it is just another Wall Street panic , barely worth a mention — not yet known as the harbinger of nearly twenty years of depression and war .
The book is very carefully written , and it marshals some impressive statistical analyses while defending market principles .
Graham even refers to a paper published in 1925 by a then - increasingly – well - known teacher and philosopher , Ludwig von Mises . [ 1 ]
What follows is a layman 's summary of some of the main points Graham raises .
The historical setting for Graham 's study tale begins with the end of the First World War .
The armistice was engendered by the complete exhaustion of the warring parties .
Then came the peace treaty with its assignment of " guilt " for the war to the Central Powers , and the imposition of heavy reparations .
The Allies seized nearly the entire German merchant marine and nearly all the railroad rolling stock .
Gold - mark reparations were also imposed .
Against this background , the Weimar policy of intentional currency debasement made a certain perverted sense .
Until the very end , willing foreign buyers could always be found for paper marks , so the Republic could still obtain the hard currency needed to meet Allied reparation demands .
At the same time , the inflation created a capital goods boom that rapidly replaced the seized ships and rolling stock .
Businesses had to choose between immediately reinvesting ( and of course , malinvesting ) profits in capital goods , or watching their funds evaporate overnight ( literally , by late 1923 ) .
Starting with a gold mark worth about a dollar in 1920 , Germans ended up with a worthless paper mark that , in November 1923 was replaced by a new gold - backed mark , at the rate of 1,000,000,000,000 ( one trillion ) old paper marks to one new gold mark .
As a comparison , the worst inflation experienced in the United States ( so far ) was the collapse of the Continental Dollar .
From 1776 through 1787 , Congress 's paper dollar fell from an exchange rate of one for each silver dollar to one thousand for each silver dollar .
The Weimar hyperinflation was a million times worse , and occurred in a much shorter time span .
The statistics presented show that the peak of the inflation was from early 1922 through November 1923 , a little over a year .
The last three months appear to have been the most intense .
Professor Graham 's conclusion is that market theories were
fundamentally sound and the policy of laissez - faire to which they point is valid still . …
The mills of international finance grind slowly but their capacity is great .
… The one condition is that the hoppers be not unduly loaded in [ an ] effort to get the whole grist from a single grinding .
So much for the economics of the question .
What politics has in store is , however , an inscrutable mystery .
It can only be said that such financial difficulties as may occur will almost certainly arise from political rather than economic sources .
( pp. 325 – 326 )
The experience from which he distills this understanding was grounded in the events of that time .
The Weimar Central Bankers actually contended that their extraordinary printing of marks did not cause the extraordinary increase in prices .
Indeed , prices actually tended , until the last couple months of the inflation , to surge a bit ahead of the printing presses in anticipation .
Toward the end of the insanity , prices could n't keep up because no one could rationally anticipate in such circumstances .
This program produced both winners and losers .
Landlords lost , since rents were fixed .
Mortgage holders lost , seeing their holdings diminish to one trillionth of their original gold value .
The Allies never collected more than a fraction of the reparations they demanded , which did benefit the Germans to some extent .
Capitalists thought they were winners as they malinvested ( but by 1930 , Graham reports , the German economic buzzword was " rationalization " which in practice meant the destruction of the excess capital accumulation of the inflation years ) .
Workers , in the beginning , thought they too were receiving benefits .
The German economy as a whole was not greatly harmed by the short , intense inflation , but as it reached its peak , the signs of collapse were everywhere .
Unemployment was very low in the early stages , but in the last three months it began to skyrocket , reaching nearly half of the working class .
It appeared to Graham that the Central Bankers had stopped the inflation just in time .
But , of course , Graham did not anticipate what came next .
The economic controls imposed during the inflation — price controls , export controls , mandated producer and seller cartels — all became the basis of Nazi fascist economic policy , mobilizing the German economy for the production of arms and the destruction of Europe .
$ 25 $ 22 " But , of course , Graham did not anticipate what came next … "
Professor Graham , while generally free - market oriented , later did get involved with the initial federal " stimulus " interventions under Hoover , which led to the bigger stimulus interventions under Roosevelt — which led to the Great Depression ( not unlike the much larger Bush / Obama stimulus interventions we are seeing today ) .
Certainly , there are lessons here for serious students of history .
The consequences of pumping out many trillions of marks ( or even just the few trillions of dollars now being created by the Federal Reserve ) are simply catastrophic .
And such policies lead , as Professors Mises and Rothbard taught us , to collapse , war , destruction , starvation , and death .
[ bio ]
See [ AuthorName ] 's [ AuthorArchive ] .
Comment on the blog .
You can subscribe to future articles by [ AuthorName ] via this [ RSSfeed ] .
Wilson apologizes -- ASAP
Joe Wilson ( R - SC ) has issued an apology for heckling President Obama , about an hour after the speech -- a clear sign the GOP realizes just how damaging his performance was .
His statement :
“ This evening I let my emotions get the best of me when listening to the President ’s remarks regarding the coverage of illegal immigrants in the health care bill .
While I disagree with the President ’s statement , my comments were inappropriate and regrettable .
I extend sincere apologies to the President for this lack of civility . ”
Glenn
Thrush is senior staff writer at Politico Magazine .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Renault title sponsor ING has terminated its deal with the French car manufacturer with immediate effect on the back of the team being found guilty of fixing last year 's Singapore Grand Prix .
Just days after Renault was handed a two - year suspended ban for its involvement in causing a crash in Singapore 12 months ago to help Fernando Alonso win , ING dropped a bombshell in the early hours of Friday morning when it announced it was ending its involvement in the team immediately .
A statement issued by ING confirmed that it had chosen to pull its sponsorship deal because of the events of the last week .
" ING announced today that in light of the verdict of the World Motor Sport Council of 21 September 2009 concerning the events that occurred at the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix , ING will terminate the contract with Renault Formula 1 with immediate effect , " said the statement .
" ING is deeply disappointed at this turn of events , especially in the context of an otherwise successful sponsorship .
As announced on 16 February of this year , ING decided not to renew the three year sponsorship ( 2007 - 2009 ) contract with Renault F1 and to end its presence in Formula 1 after the 2009 season . "
A spokesperson for the Dutch banking giants confirmed to AUTOSPORT that the decision will result in the ING logos being removed from the cars and other team areas .
However she stated that ING 's commitment to trackside advertising would remain until the end of the year .
ING 's decision comes hours after Spanish insurance company Mutua Madrilena announced that it was also ending its Renault sponsorship deal as it felt the team 's involving in the race fixing scandal amounted to a breach of contract .
An image of former Cuban President Fidel Castro is seen on television during an exhibition on Castro in Havana August 12 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Enrique De La Osa
HAVANA ( Reuters ) - Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro criticized the United States on Wednesday for being willing to spend billions on its high - tech military but finding it difficult to approve healthcare reform that would protect its poor people .
He wrote in a commentary published on a state - run Internet site that huge military budgets are approved easily by the U.S. Congress but U.S. President Barack Obama is struggling to convince federal lawmakers to pass a bill that would “ deliver health services to 50 million Americans that do n’t have them . ”
“ What hope can that society offer the world ? ” he asked .
Obama ’s plan , aimed at making healthcare less expensive and more broadly available , has come under fire in the Congress , primarily from Republicans who argue , among other things , that it is a step toward socialism .
Castro pointed out that a free health clinic in Los Angeles recently attracted 8,000 patients , some coming from hundreds of miles away because they said they could not afford to go to a doctor or dentist .
The Cuban government prides itself on providing free healthcare to all Cubans .
“ The lobbyists in Congress spend their August working against a simple law that would offer medical assistance to dozens of millions of poor people , the biggest majority of them blacks and Latinos , ” wrote Castro .
“ Even a blockaded country like Cuba has been able to do that , ” he said , referring to the long - standing U.S. trade embargo against Cuba that the communist - led Cuban government blames for its fragile economy .
Castro , 83 , has not been seen in public since undergoing intestinal surgery in July 2006 .
He resigned the Cuban presidency last year so his younger brother Raul Castro could succeed him .
He retains a high public profile through his columns , which are published in Cuba ’s state - run newspapers and websites and read on state - run television and radio .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Billionaire investor George Soros said U.S. taxpayers were entitled to resent bankers ’ bonuses because their profits were funded by government bailouts , according to an interview published in the Financial Times .
“ Those earnings are not the achievement of risk - takers .
These are gifts , hidden gifts , from the government , so I do n’t think that those monies should be used to pay bonuses , ” the paper quoted him as saying in its Saturday edition .
“ There ’s a resentment which I think is justified . ”
The U.S. government committed hundreds of billions of dollars to bailing out financial firms , some of which have since reported surging profits .
Soros said there was a need to regulate payments to employees , even if that meant banks found it difficult to retain talented risk - takers .
“ That would push the risk - takers who are good at taking risks out of Goldman Sachs into hedge funds , where they actually belong , because hedge funds take risks with their own capital , not with deposits and not with government guarantees . ”
Soros also said he believed the decline of the U.S. dollar would be limited by its tie to the Chinese currency .
“ As long as the renminbi is tied to the dollar , I do n’t see how the decline in the dollar can go too far , ” he said .
“ There is a general lack of confidence in currencies and a move away from currencies into real assets ...
There is a push in gold , there ’s a strength in oil and that is a flight from currencies . ”
Soros said the rally in the U.S. stock market would continue for the rest of the year , but warned that “ the hope of a rapid recovery in the U.S. is misplaced . ”
Is the Earth ’s climate approaching a critical transition , aka a “ tipping point , ” beyond which major and largely unpredictable climate changes are guaranteed to occur ?
At this point , scientists do not know the answer to that question .
A study published in the journal Nature aims to explain the mathematics of critical transitions beyond just the Earth ’s climate and in the process , determine if there are early - warning signals that indicate when a complex system is about to undergo a critical transition .
According to the paper , every complex system , whether it be climate , asthma attacks and epileptic seizures , or systemic crashes in financial markets , exhibits the same basic precursor signs of a tipping point , at least mathematically speaking .
All complex systems exhibit one or more of the following early - warning signs : they can take longer to recover from small perturbations and become less random over time ( “ critical slowing ” in the paper ) , they can bounce dramatically between the old and new states ( “ flickering ” ) before finally settling in the new state , or they can develop patterns that gradually change before suddenly disappearing into a new state ( “ spatial patterns ” ) .
With regard to climate , reconstructions have identified the hallmarks of “ critical slowing ” in multiple climate transitions :
In a recent analysis , a significant increase in autocorrelation was found in each of eight examples of abrupt climate change analyzed .
And the authors reference one other paper which suggests that recent climate variability is an example of “ flickering ” that signals a transition to a significantly colder global climate .
The problem , however , is that not all critical transitions show each early - warning sign – some transitions might show more than one while others show one this time and another next time .
The result is clearly state in the paper :
[ D]etection of the patterns in real data is challenging and may lead to false positive results as well as false negatives .
In other words , not all fast transitions are “ critical transitions , ” not all critical transitions will be detected , and sometimes a critical transition will not occur even though there were signs of one approaching .
In essence , the science of critical transitions is still very young , and as such , projections of tipping points should be very carefully analyzed , whether they be toward a new glacial period or a sudden melt of all the Arctic sea ice .
For news of a few politicians expecting a “ social tipping point ” on climate disruption soon , please read this piece by my colleague Wendy Redal .
Thanks to Ubertramp for pointing this paper out to me and to Dr. Scheffer for providing a review copy of the paper .
— — —-
U.S. Chamber of Commerce President complains about environmentalists
Over the last several weeks , three utilities , Nike , and now Apple have resigned from or otherwise reduced their participation in the United States Chamber of Commerce ( USCOC ) , a business lobbying group that represents millions of U.S. businesses .
As a result , the USCOC President and CEO , Tom Donohue , held an hour - long press conference to defend the USCOC ’s decision to oppose EPA regulation of greenhouse gases ( GHGs ) .
According to the Greenwire report on the event ( linked above ) , Donahue claimed that an “ orchestrated pressure campaign ” by environmentalists was responsible for the recent defections .
However , National Resources Defense Council climate campaign director Peter Altman disagrees .
From the article :
“ It ’s nice of Donohue to give the environmental movement credit for being able to convince Fortune 500 companies what group they should be a part of , ” Altman said .
“ But it ’s a red herring .
These companies are making the decision on their own . ”
Furthermore , San Francisco venture capitalist Nancy Floyd was quoted as saying “ This issue ( climate change regulation and / or legislation ) has really divided the business community .
The divide is not really along traditional players versus technology players ; it is across the board . ”
To date , the USCOC has not changed its position with respect to EPA regulation of GHGs or chosen to get behind either the Waxman - Markey ACES act or the new Kerry - Boxer draft legislation in the Senate .
However , two Silicon Valley business organizations ran an advertisement in the San Jose Mercury News and the Congress Daily saying , in part :
As our European and Asian competitors move forward to build the next generation of clean energy technology , the U.S. Chamber seems mired in false debates over settled science and a 20th Century approach to energy .
It ’s time for the “ voice of business ” to move forward , embrace a market - based cap on carbon pollution , and help lead a new century of American prosperity .
( emphasis original )
The two Silicon Valley organizations are the Silicon Valley Leadership Group ( SVLG ) and Joint Venture Silicon Valley Network ( JVSV ) .
A brief scan of the membership of SVLG turns up a veritable who ’s who of tech companies , as well as some banking , health , and energy companies : Adobe Systems , Apple Computer , AT&T , Bank of America , Chevron Energy Solutions , Citibank , Dell , eBay , Google , Hewlett - Packard , IBM , Intel , Kaiser Permanente , Lockheed Martin , McAfee , Microsoft , NASDAQ , Netflix , Oracle , Palm , Roche , Seagate , Sun Industries , Symantec , and Yahoo !.
And those are just the ones that most people would recognize – the list is even more impressive for someone who works in technology like I do – nearly all of the major U.S. electronics manufacturing companies have a presence in the SVLG .
Perhaps even more impressive , however , is that the JVSV signed on .
The Directors include the mayor of San Jose , a product manager for Google , the Chancellor of the University of California – Santa Cruz , a senior VP at Bank of America , the CEO of Cypress Envirosystems , a California State Senator , to name just a few .
The private companies who invest in JVSV are just as impressive as those involved in the SVLG : Cisco , National Semiconductor , Mitsubishi , PG&E , the San Jose Chamber of Commerce , and McKinsey & Company .
The JVSV represents business , labor , universities , city and state government , and non-profits , all of whom are involved in charting the future of the most visionary , profitable , and productive companies and region in the entire country .
And they just told the U.S. Chamber of Commerce that they were “ dinosaurs . ”
Perhaps this advertisement points will convince the USCOC to change its approach to climate legislation and regulation – or perhaps the USCOC will become irrelevant as the companies with vision abandon it and the USCOC ’s positions become equivalent to those of the American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity .
— — —-
Barrels instead of bottles
According to the NYTimes Green Inc. blog , a number of wineries are foregoing bottles and are instead shipping their wine in barrels .
As a result , the wineries are saving money on reduced packaging and are dramatically lowering their carbon footprint due to shipping and bottle manufacturing .
As a beneficial side effect , the wine lasts longer in barrels than it does in bottles .
This is hardly the first time that companies have pushed for reduced packaging – Wal * Mart was one of the first , but it ’s hardly the only company working this angle .
Still , anything that makes wine cheaper to drink for myself and my family is all good for me – even if that means I have to buy nearly a case at a time .
— — —-
Ocean acidification to turn parts of the Arctic Ocean corrosive by 2018
Scientists researching ocean acidification in the Svalbard Archipelago north of Norway have made a surprising and awful discovery – the Arctic ocean is acidifying so fast that 10 % it will become corrosive within the next 10 years and the entire Arctic will become corrosive by 2100 .
The Guardian newspaper reported last week on a presentation by French oceanographer Jean - Pierre Gattuso that revealed the terrible news .
From the article :
“ This is extremely worrying .
We knew that the seas were getting more acidic and this would disrupt the ability of shellfish – like mussels – to grow their shells .
But now we realise the situation is much worse .
The water will become so acidic it will actually dissolve the shells of living shellfish . ”
According to the article , the problem is that shellfish form the base of a massive food chain for herring , salmon , and several species of whales .
In addition , walruses and seals subsist on shellfish and fish , and polar bears and other top predators feed on the seals and walruses , as well as on fish .
So if the bottom of the food chain is disrupted by corrosive seawater , then the entire ecology of the Arctic could be disrupted .
And the only way to prevent this is to dramatically and immediately cut carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) emissions .
If you enjoy salmon or king crab legs , or even if you just enjoy the show Deadliest Catch , you might want to consider enjoying them sooner – there may not be a “ later . ”
— — —-
El Niño and its relationship to ocean heat content
Back in October , 2008 , I pointed out in comments to another Carboholic that La Niña years were cold because the ocean absorbed heat from the atmosphere and that El Niño years were hot because the ocean emitted stored heat back into the atmosphere .
This comes from the physics of thermodynamics , specifically the fact that energy moves from hot areas to cold areas , and not the other way around .
I recently came across this same basic information presented in a different form by the Climate Prediction Center ’s El Niño / Southern Oscillation ( ENSO ) Diagnostic Discussion page and the weekly ENSO updates contained therein :
The basin - wide equatorial upper ocean ( 0- 300 m ) heat content is greatest prior to and during the early stages of a Pacific warm ( El Niño ) episode ( compare top 2 panels ) and least prior to and during the early stages of a cold ( La Niña ) episode .
( emphasis original ) , from page 9
In other words , the ocean heat content is lowest at the start of La Niña because after that , the La Niña is absorbing heat from the atmosphere and cooling it .
Similarly , the ocean heat content is highest at the start of El Niño because after it starts , El Niño is emitting heat from the ocean back into the atmosphere and heating it .
Image credits :
AFP : Antara News Agency
U.S. Chamber of Commerce
DeLoach Vineyards
Russ Hopcroft , via Australian Antarctic Division
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , National Weather Service , Climate Prediction Center
Month ago we represented you unusual fonts made from various stuff .
This time we want to show beautiful fonts created in graphic redactors .
Estonian design company HandMadeFont ( HMF ) specialize in developing unique , untraditional fonts .
Their designers take inspiration from everything around .
Interesting ideas and high - quality execution are distinctive features of these fonts .
Some of their works have been published among various magazines and journals .
All these fonts are availiable for purchase on company website .
16.09.2009 — nanuk
Nach Erscheinen seines Interviews auf der Webseite der Zeitschrift ‚ Junge Freiheit ‘ hat Andreas Popp , stellvertretender Vorsitzender der Piratenpartei , sich so einiges anhören müssen von empörten Leuten , die aber offensichtlich allesamt etwas gegen das Blatt an sich haben , nicht gegen das , was Andi in diesem Interview gesagt hat .
Ob dieses Interview politisch klug gewesen sei , bin ich gefragt worden und Andi selbst hat diese Frage für sich ja bereits beantwortet – Nein , ‚politisch klug ‘ im Sinne eines Politik - Marketing - Ansatzes für die Piratenpartei war dies natürlich zunächst nicht .
Wenn man sich einige Details der Vergangenheit der Debatte um diese Zeitung anschaut , lernt man zunächst , dass sich ihre Bewertungen zwischen „ unabhängiges , konservatives Medium “ und „ Sprachrohr der ‚ Neuen Rechten ' “ bewegen .
Darüberhinaus geht die Liste derer , die ihr schon Interviews gegeben haben bis hin zu Charlotte Knobloch , auf deren Interview hin sich der Zentralrat der Juden in Deutschland entschloß , „ dass in Zukunft ‚ rechtsgerichtete Medien kein Gesprächspartner ‘ mehr für ihn seien “ .
Ich muss zugeben , dass ich von den Argumenten der Empörten einigermaßen überrascht war – genau genommen von der Abwesenheit solcher Argumente .
Speziell der heilige ( grüne ) Zorn der Julia Seeliger in der TAZ erschöpft sich in Empörungsfloskeln wie ‚mangelnde Distanz zum rechten Rand ‘ oder ‚ Abermals ist es der Piratenpartei passiert , unsensibel gegenüber rechtslastigen Argumentationen gewesen zu sein . ‘
Im Interview liest sich das so :
JF : Mit wem würden
Sie denn koalieren ?
Popp : Keinesfalls mit rechten Parteien .
Etwas intelligenter ist da schon Valins Kommentar auf Spreeblick , in dem zunächst festgestellt wird : „ Das Erschreckende ist nicht , dass der Stellvertretende Vorsitzende der Piratenpartei Andreas Popp der Jungen Freiheit ein Interview gegeben hat . “ , um aber mit den Worten zu schließen : „ Viel schlimmer aber ist , dass die meisten kommentierenden Piraten offensichtlich vor lauter Pragmatismus vergessen , grundsätzliche Entscheidungen zu treffen .
In dem Fall : Ob sie sich entscheiden , Rechtsextreme zu instrumentalisieren .
Und sich gleichzeitig durch Rechtsextreme instrumentalisieren lassen . “
Warum erwähne ich dies alles ?
Nun , ich bin alt genug , um mich an vergangene Wahlen zu erinnern , bei denen rechte Parteien wie NPD , DVU , REPs und ähnliche immer mehr Stimmen bekamen und immer wieder war am Wahlabend die Ratlosigkeit groß :
Das sei fehlgeleiteter Protest , es sei Politikverdrossenheit , man müsse mehr Angebote für Jugendliche schaffen uvm .
In einigen Wahlkämpfen seitdem hat die CDU sogar versucht , mit fragwürdigen Kampagnen und Worten am rechten Rand zu fischen , sei es bei der Aktion gegen die doppelte Staatsbürgerschaft oder dem Rüttgerismus „ Kinder statt Inder „ .
Nach wie vor sind solche rechten Parteien in einigen deutschen regionalen Parlamenten vorhanden und bei der jüngsten Europawahl erreichte der Rechtspopulist Wilders in den Niederlanden einen großen Wahlerfolg .
Welche Antwort wollen wir als Politiker und als Parteien darauf geben ?
Sicherlich : eine Zusammenarbeit mit rechten Parteien kommt nicht in Frage , auch für mich nicht , genau das hat Andreas Popp ja auch gesagt .
Ist es aber die richtige Antwort , einer Zeitung nicht die eigene politische Meinung darzulegen ?
Einer Zeitung , die zugegebendermaßen die eigene Schmerzgrenze der Distanz zum rechten Rand bis zum äußersten belastet , bisweilen überschreitet , und die das natürlich absichtlich tut .
Einer Zeitung , die aber auch diejenigen Menschen erreicht , die wir überzeugen wollen und müssen , damit die Wahlergebnisse der rechten Parteien nicht weiter steigen sondern endlich sinken .
Ich denke bei der Bewertung dieses Interviews an die Leser der Jungen Freiheit , nicht an die Macher .
Wenn wir diese Menschen nicht für würdig befinden , mit ihnen über Politik zu reden , dann geben wir sie verloren .
Wenn wir sie zurückholen wollen ins demokratische Spektrum , dann müssen wir mit ihnen reden , ihnen klarmachen , warum die rechte Ideologie menschenfeindlich ist .
Sie zu verachten , sich von ihnen zu distanzieren , mag den Linken dabei helfen , ihre eigene Identität zu definieren – in der angesprochenen Sache ist es eher schädlich .
Sicher , um mit diesen Menschen zu reden , muss man nicht der Jungen Freiheit ein Interview geben , dies wird ja offenbar als eine Aufwertung der Zeitung gesehen , obwohl ich es bisher eher als eine Pflicht angesehen habe , dass man als Politiker der Öffentlichkeit Rede und Antwort zu stehen hat , unabhängig davon , ob man mit dem Fragenden irgendwie übereinstimmt .
Darüber können wir streiten .
Nicht aber darüber , dass Andreas Popp in seinem Interview klipp und klar Stellung bezogen hat gegen diejenigen , von denen wir uns angeblich zu wenig distanzieren .
Mag sein , dass wir als Piratenpartei nun den
Weg gehen , den andere vor uns gegangen sind , und der Jungen Freiheit kein Interview mehr geben ; mag sein , dass der 140 - Zeichen - Sturm auch über meine Worte hier herüberziehen wird ; mag sein , dass wir bei der Bundestagswahl einen erneuten Zuwachs bei den rechten Parteien sehen .
Die Piratenpartei lässt sich jedenfalls nicht instrumentalisieren und instrumentalisiert auch nicht und Andi hat in seinem Interview daran keinen Zweifel gelassen .
This post has been updated .
How ’s this for awkward timing ?
Even as President Obama tries to persuade other countries gathered at the U.N. climate confab and upcoming G - 20 meeting that the U.S. will take action on climate change , senators from both parties are moving to limit what his administration can do to fight climate change .
At ...
More than 200,000 schoolchildren are paddled , spanked or subjected to other physical punishment each year , and disabled students get a disproportionate share of the treatment , according to a new study .
Most states prohibit corporal punishment in public schools , but 20 do not .
The two watchdog groups that collaborated on the report , Human Rights Watch and the American Civil Liberties Union , are urging federal and state lawmakers to extend the ban nationwide and enact an immediate moratorium on physical punishment of students with disabilities .
“ Corporal punishment is just not an effective method of punishment , especially for disabled children , who may not even understand why they ’re being hit , ” said Alice Farmer , who wrote the report .
The report , based on federal Department of Education data , said that of the 223,190 public school students nationwide who were paddled during the 2006 - 7 school year , at least 41,972 , or about 19 percent , were students with disabilities , who make up 14 percent of all students .
Men are masturbating at public library computer terminals on the Sunshine Coast after using them to download hardcore pornography , it has been revealed .
The Sunshine Regional Council does not employ internet filtering in any of its nine local libraries , where several people have been asked to leave after being caught accessing pornography and performing lewd acts in recent weeks .
Last month , an elderly man was seen downloading hardcore porn in front of children at Maroochydoore public library , and in December last year a 34 - year - old man was jailed for two years for possessing child abuse material he had downloaded on public computers in the same venue .
But local councillor Anna Grosskreutz said the situation had escalated in recent weeks , with a the council 's Director of Library Services reporting a number of cases of lewd behaviour .
" These people were seen to be masturbating in our public libraries .
This behaviour has been verified , " Cr Grosskreutz told
Just in time to tide fans over until the launch of season four of the show later this month , today Marc Ecko Entertainment unleashes Dexter the Game for the iPhone and iPod Touch .
Advertisement
Dexter the Game follows the general premise of the Dexter television show .
You play Dexter Morgan , the serial killer who only kills those who deserve it .
You guide Dexter as he gathers information about his prey , stalks them , and eventually kills them in his usual fashion .
The game is presented as a 3D adventure , with graphics that really give the previous generation of iPhones a workout .
" We are thrilled to give iPhone and iPod Touch owners a way to experience DEXTER in a fresh , engaging way , " said Len Fogge , Executive Vice President , Creative , Marketing , Research and Digital Media at Showtime Networks .
" The minute you begin controlling him and hearing his innermost thoughts , you are completely engrossed . "
Advertisement
Dexter the Game is now available for $ 5.99 in the iTunes App Store .
As a bonus , anyone who purchases the game gets a code to enter them in a sweepstakes that could score them a walk - on role in season five of the show .
Happy hunting !
The Main Menu .
It ’s the first thing you see from a video game .
From 8 - bit melodies to full orchestral scores , over the years it ’s become the unsung hero of video gaming .
Many take it for granted , racing for ‘ New Game ’ or ‘ Load ’ or ‘ Continue ’ .
However the enchanting songs that soothe or entrance our ears are rarely forgotten for years to come .
Here , in this post , is what I consider to be the best video game menu music of all time .
10
I found the music in this game far surpassing that of the original .
In fact I thought the entire game was better than the first , not only in terms of performance on my computer but in gameplay as well .
The foremost thing that struck me was how melodic and strong the main theme was as I adjusted my settings .
There was nothing at all as striking about the first game ’s theme as this one ’s .
In fact I would find myself lingering at the menu instead of hopping directly into the game .
Good main menu music does that .
9
This game made J - Pop cool .
Okay , nothing could do that , I ’m sorry .
That was mean .
But it did make it less annoying – okay , maybe not .
Can we agree at least that it was good for J - Pop and catchy too ?
This played right after “ Pursuing My True Self , ” a song I had to ask Heretic about ( he was a tester on the game ) .
I could n’t understand a word of it .
However , once it ended , my ears were treated to a smooth mysterious , almost ethereal tune that I did n’t have to strain to enjoy .
It fit the game very well , like all the music , but this opener was more set for what laid in store .
Simplistic , but very precise .
I ’m not a licensed music connoisseur , but I liked it .
8
How good was this song ?
Really , how amazing was the entire soundtrack ?
As soon as I bought the game I dropped $ 60 on importing the entire OST .
Let ’s put this in perspective .
It was Y2 k .
I had just dropped $ 50 on the full game , a price that meant I had saved for weeks and had done all my chores without complaining .
The 10 year old me had dropped $ 110 on this game , paying more for the songs than the game itself .
But enough about my childhood , the menu music in this game was awesome .
Naturally I had my favorite songs across the four discs so a mixed CD was a must .
I even spliced the opening theme into it at various intervals – that ’s how much I loved this song .
Kudos Uematsu .
Talk about knocking it out on the first try .
7
I played this game a lot , and I mean a lot .
So naturally I was exposed to this theme for a good duration of time .
It ’s a very good thing it was great or I could imagine myself going insane .
Granted , there are some of you reading my choices and believing I already did .
That ’s okay .
But you cannot deny how awesome this song is if none other .
It captures the Jungle / Exploration theme of the game perfectly while still managing to sneak in some kick .
Although I would say that the Uncharted 2 theme is way better , it has n’t come out yet .
Although I do n’t know if you ’re supposed to revise these “ Greatest of All Time ” lists , I ’d put that here upon its release .
6
The greatest JRPG soundtrack for a game made by Square that was n’t composed by Nobuo Uematsu .
The whole game had a very mystical and magical theme to it that was n’t traditional to anything at the time or since .
The opening song carried that feeling in every note made every time I played it feel fresh and new .
If I could only pick one game from the PS1 era to be remade , it would undoubtedly have to be this one for the powerful theme alone .
5
It ’s about time Nintendo got on this list .
I bet you thought Sony was going to run away with it .
I ’m not technically sure how I ’d classify this theme ( who am I kidding about classification ) .
It has an undeniable space attribute to it , a bit of a Gregorian chant , and then some 80s beat .
It feels very Retro ( no put intended ) without necessarily feeling dated .
Almost as if it ’d be at home in any generation it was placed into .
Although the sequels to Metroid Prime both had great openers , the original hits home the best .
4
What is this ?
Nintendo again .
And probably the most unexpected .
“ What is this I do n’t even – ” If you owned a Gameboy then you ’re familiar with this theme .
Simple , powerful and iconic , it ’s better than all the Pokemon after the 151 combined .
My only regret is not being able to find the original theme .
Still , in any rendition , it ’s going to shine through .
3
Sony ’s back .
Everyone who experienced this will understand why this is one of the best menu themes of all time .
Harry Gregson - Williams composes for movies , yet Hideo Kojima called him in to finish it off for his epic , like a Boss .
I ca n’t really think of anything more epic than the the new twist on the old theme for Old Snake .
It ’s got a bit of military / scifi elements thrown in but that simple guitar string sends it all home .
Even though it takes a few seconds for it to get to the good part no one will be sad that they stuck around .
It ’s one of those rare game songs that transcends the medium .
2
Technically from the original Killzone , the sequel ’s theme sounded sharper and enhanced .
Undoubtedly the coolest piece of orchestral work ever to be heard in a video game , the Killzone theme is simply tremendous .
No matter how many times I heard this starting the game it was n’t enough .
The trailers , the offscreen videos , the demo , the singleplayer , the multiplayer – it never got old .
When I stopped the game and moved on it was the thing I missed most .
I ca n’t say that the music was n’t better than the actual game , but when you have a main theme this good it ’s impossible to match it .
I mean , there are Oscar nominated films that do n’t have a theme as epic as this .
As much as I like Marty O’Donnell , Sony threw money at another great composer and said “ BEAT HIM ! FOR THE LOVE OF GOD BEAT HIM ! ” and he did .
THE NEXT GAME IS HALO OR YOUR MONEY BACK
1
Well technically you did n’t pay any money to read this , and if you did then do n’t look at me .
But simply put , this is the best .
It just is .
It ’s not extravagant , over the top , flashy , or any of that .
It belies its true purpose .
It ’s the calm before the storm .
As you witness Link riding Epona through the Hyrulian valley , you ’re beset with emotions new and old .
Nostalgia or nostalgia to come , this theme will stick with you for as long as you play video games .
That to me is more important than anything else .
Well I hope at the very least this article provided some great music all in one spot for your listening pleasure .
Granted there ’s a lot of main menu music out there , and as many games as I ’ve played I ’ve heard a fraction of it .
If you think Hello Kitty 2000 has better menu music , write a comment .
I ’m not saying that ’s going to be an atypical response , or close to it .
But comment .
Hey , Super Mario did n’t make this list !
Someone comment about that !
Halo was n’t on here either yet Marty O’Donnell is opposite Nobuo Uematsu in the thumbnail image !
What gives ?!
All valid criticisms .
The only invalid criticism is the kind that does n’t fit on the internet .
And so far I have n’t seen any that do n’t .
Incoming search terms :
Unbelievable .
The Republican Party ’s pathetically inept new website actually cost them more than a million dollars to set up : Entering digital age an expensive proposition for GOP .
And for that $ 1.4 million , they got a website that crashed continuously on its launch day , had almost no real content , was mocked across the blogosphere , allowed trolls and Ron Paul idiots to post antisemitic images , and violated several basic principles of good web design .
Excellent work , GOP .
The Republican National Committee shelled out $ 1.4 million dollars over the last six months for Web sites and services , much of which was spent on gop.com , the party ’s major Web presence that was unveiled this month , new Federal Election Commission expense reports show .
The figure is far higher than what experts estimate it should have cost , and five times the amount its Democratic counterpart spent to host and maintain democrats.org .
The biggest disparity seems to be bandwidth costs –the RNC paid Smartech Corp. , a Republican - focused hosting firm , more than a million dollars , plus $ 22,000 to Eloqua , compared to the DNC’s $ 203,000 to Sprint , Switch and Data and Servint Corp. –despite the fact that the two sites ’ traffic , which determines bandwidth usage and , largely , hosting costs , was the same .
But the design of the site itself was costly , too .
In the months prior to the October 13 launch of gop.com , the committee paid $ 328,000 to 11 firms for Web development .
( The Democrats , which did not completely overhaul their site during that time period , spent $ 45,000 on Web development . )
And when the GOP ’s graphics - laden product was unveiled , many of the main sections appeared missing or broken , including one advertised as listing future party leaders , which showed up blank .
Smartech Corporation has been taking big money from the GOP for years :
Technology Boost for Orwell EU to Monitor Deviant Behavior in Fight against Terrorism
The European Union is funding ambitious programs aimed at monitoring human behavior in an effort to identify deviance and pick out potential terrorists .
The implications for privacy are myriad .
Von Wilmer Heck
Correction — May 8 , 2018
This headline incorrectly locates the tsunami in Southeast Asia ; it was in the South Pacific , as stated in the
This headline incorrectly locates the tsunami in Southeast Asia ; it was in the South Pacific , as stated in the lede
Thursday , October 1 , 2009
A tsunami that was generated in the South Pacific by a powerful undersea earthquake has killed at least 110 people , according to authorities .
The epicentre of the earthquake
The majority of the fatalities occurred in Samoa , where rescue workers say at least 84 people were killed .
Another 24 people are confirmed dead on American Samoa , while at least seven fatalities have been reported in nearby Tonga .
The US Geological Survey says an 8.0 magnitude earthquake struck early Tuesday local time .
It generated waves that devastated coastal areas , knocked down buildings and sent cars floating out to sea .
Strong aftershocks followed the initial earthquake , with at least one measuring a magnitude 5.6 .
Tsunami alerts were issued for the entire South Pacific region but were later canceled .
Survivors fled to high ground and stayed there for hours .
Samoa
Several villages were destroyed on the southern Samoan coast of Upolu , which is also home to many tourist resorts .
During a flight on from Auckland , New Zealand to Apia , Samoa , Samoan Prime Minister Tuilaepa Sailele Malielegaoi told reporters he was shocked by the disaster .
" So much has gone .
So many people are gone .
I 'm so shocked , so saddened by all the loss . "
" The situation is very bad , " said Marie - Francoise Borel , a spokesperson for the International Red Cross , to the CTV News Channel by telephone .
" This massive wave has swept across - it 's destroyed villages , it 's destroyed homes , people are in shock . "
The assistant chief executive of Samoa 's disaster management predicted that the death toll in the country could surpass one hundred , saying that searches for bodies in the region are still ongoing .
" They are still continuing the searches for any missing bodies in the area .
Some areas have been flattened and the tsunami had brought a lot of sand onshore , so there have been reports the sand has covered some of the bodies .
So we need specialised machines to search for bodies that are buried under the sand , " he said .
The communications head for the International Federation of the Red Cross , Jason Smith , told the Al Jazeera news agency that the Red Cross " [...] is working hard through five evacuation centres to provide people with safe places to stay and access to clean water , " estimating that up to 15,000 people in sixty villages were affected by the tsunami .
American Samoa
At the capital of American Samoa , Pago Pago , the tsunami measured 1.57 meters in height .
The superintendent of the National Park of American Samoa Mike Reynolds reported four waves as high as six meters .
People who experienced the quake said it was long , lasting from 90 seconds to three minutes .
We 're focused on bringing in the assistance for people that have been injured , and for the immediate needs of the tens of thousands of survivors down there .
— Craig Fugate , FEMA administrator
Pago Pago city streets were strewn with overturned vehicles , cars , and debris .
Some buildings located only slightly above sea level were completely destroyed by the waves , and power in some locations is not expected to be restored for up to a month .
FEMA administrator Craig Fugate said that " we 're focused on bringing in the assistance for people that have been injured , and for the immediate needs of the tens of thousands of survivors down there . "
" The first federal team members are currently en route to American Samoa aboard a Coast Guard plane and will be providing on the ground assessments once they arrive on the island , " Fugate said .
" FEMA , who has provisions pre-positioned in a distribution center in Hawaii , is also preparing to send supplies as needed to help meet the immediate needs of the survivors . "
Didi Afuafi , 28 , who was riding on a bus in American Samoa when the tsunami struck , described her experiences .
" I was scared .
I was shocked .
All the people on the bus were screaming , crying and trying to call their homes .
We could n't get on cell phones .
The phones just died on us .
It was just crazy , " she said .
" This is going to be talked about for generations . "
US President Barack Obama declared a major disaster in American Samoa , and has sent federal aid to support local recovery efforts in the US territory .
" My deepest sympathies are with the families who lost loved ones and many people who have been affected by the earthquake and the tsunami , " Obama said .
He had earlier pledged in a written statement to give a " swift and aggressive " government response to the disaster .
" I am closely monitoring these tragic events , and have declared a major disaster for American Samoa , which will provide the tools necessary for a full , swift and aggressive response , " Obama said .
During a Wednesday appearance near Washington , D.C. , the president said the US was ready to help its " friends " in neighboring Samoa and throughout the region .
Tonga
In Tonga , seven people were confirmed dead and another three missing , after waves struck Niuatoputapu , a northern island .
Acting prime minister Lord Tuita said in a statement that " according to information gathered from Niuatoputapu so far , seven people are confirmed dead , three missing and four with very serious injuries , " Lord Tuita , the acting prime minister , said in a statement .
" It is reported that the tsunami did serious damage to the village of Hihifo , which is like the capital of the island .
" The hospital on the island is reported to have suffered major damage ; telephone communication has been cut as a result of damage to equipment and facilities on the island ; homes and government buildings have been destroyed , " he said .
An airplane was reportedly chartered by Tongan authorities to determine the amount of damage done to Niuatoputapu , but was n't able to land .
Sources
Definitely the best episode to date .
After a season of working out the kinks , the finale delivered and gave us an hour of fun with a few twists mixed in .
We finally learned what MacPherson did that was so bad .
He used a phoenix ring that makes people invulnerable to fire to save his wife .
There is one small drawback , it immolates other people , so he ended up killing people .
So now MacPherson is out to cause trouble .
The plot is fairly simple ; MacPherson is selling artifacts , and he must be stopped .
This was all under the backdrop of suspicion .
Somehow MacPherson had artifacts supposedly in the Warehouse , so there may be a mole in the Warehouse .
We meet MacPherson 's wife who seems to think MacPherson is a good person .
I think the writers tried to bring in moral questions about the Warehouse and it's practices , and I may be mistaken , but they failed if they tried .
There are hints through the episode about who the mole was .
Claudia was the most obvious choice , being dangled out there with overwhelming evidence .
After seeing a picture of MacPherson , she realizes he was her brother 's professor and had helped her break into the Warehouse .
Mrs. Frederick and Leena suspect there might be something sinister behind that which makes Claudia very upset .
Myka , Pete , and Artie capture MacPherson after a cool use of artifacts and bring him back to the Warehouse to be bronzed .
MacPherson is literally frozen like in Star Wars .
Apparently the Bronze area is for super evil people that have n't reached Hitler level yet .
Once again , I was pissed off by the fact that Stalin killed double the number of Hitler which Mao starved four times the number of Hitler , yet Hitler always gets mentioned first .
Stalin singled out Ukrainians , so what 's the big deal ?
Someone lets MacPherson out ( no it was n't Leia ) , and lo and behold ... it's Leena !
She 's always been the weird one , so it 's not that surprising .
The whole episode , I was wondering whether it really could be Claudia .
She was much too obvious a choice , but then again , the simplicity of the show lends to her guilt .
As MacPherson leaves , Artie gives chase , but MacPherson blows up the white thing leading into the Warehouse .
I 'm guessing Artie has an artifact that kept him alive , but nonetheless the cliffhanger was really fun .
The episode was paced nicely and Pete had some really funny lines .
The use of surveillance cameras and body changing artifacts gave a nice undertone of distrust .
With a renewal , Warehouse 13 is turning out to be a great show .
I know I 've had my share of complaints , but I waded through them , kept watching , and I 'm not that concerned about this show anymore .
Not everything has to make sense .
Score : 9.4/10
Stolen from the desk of M. Steele , and presented in no particular order , because keeping track of things is hard .
The President : Hello everyone – how ’s everybody doing today ?
That 's a personal question , children , and you do n't have to answer it .
When I was young , my family lived in Indonesia for a few years .
HE ADMITS IT !
HE ADMITS IT !
And Indonesia is RIGHT NEXT TO KENYA .
( Teachers , please remove all maps and globes from the classroom at this point . )
Whatever you resolve to do , I want you to commit to it .
I want you to really work at it .
Or not .
Seriously , who the hell cares ?
Every single one of you has something you ’re good at .
Every single one of you has something to offer .
That 's not true .
Many of you will be good at nothing .
Trust us , kids , we 've watched you grow .
Most of you will drift through life as directionless failures .
Then you 'll become senators .
No one ’s born being good at things , you become good at things through hard work .
Hard work is for suckers .
There 's two ways to be succeed in this world .
One , get your dad to do it for you , then claim the success as your own .
Two , win the lottery .
In fact , borrow money from your dad to spend on lottery tickets .
You 're not made of money .
But at the end of the day , we can have the most dedicated teachers , the most supportive parents , and the best schools in the world – and none of it will matter unless all of you fulfill your responsibilities .
Given that most of you wo n't , you can see why we think it 's a waste of time and money to give you dedicated teachers and good schools .
I mean , no sense pissing money away .
Oh , and it 's your fault .
Maybe you could be a good writer – maybe even good enough to write a book or articles in a newspaper – but you might not know it until you write a paper for your English class .
Do n't knock yourself out on it , though , because intellectual endeavor is for liberals and communists .
But the three most nonsensical essays will be published by Regnery Publishing .
Any of you proving to have exceptional illiteracy will be made Fox News anchors .
You might have to do a math problem a few times before you get it right , or read something a few times before you understand it , or do a few drafts of a paper before it ’s good enough to hand in .
Are we getting through to you yet ?
Knowing the " right " answer to something is hard .
But if you just believe whatever the hell you want , you 're done .
Boom , pencils down , recess time .
Is n't that just a hell of a lot easier for both you and us ?
And no matter what you want to do with your life – I guarantee that you ’ll need an education to do it .
You want to be a doctor , or a teacher , or a police officer ?
You want to be a nurse or an architect , a lawyer or a member of our military ?
You ’re going to need a good education for every single one of those careers .
Except military , from now on .
Hint - itty - hint - hint , kids .
The story of America is n’t about people who quit when things got tough .
It ’s about people who kept going , who tried harder , who loved their country too much to do anything less than their best .
That 's why Sarah Palin is the Best American To Ever Walk The Planet .
If you call it " moving on " , it ai n't quitting .
So today , I want to ask you , what ’s your contribution going to be ?
What problems are you going to solve ?
What discoveries will you make ?
What will a president who comes here in twenty or fifty or one hundred years say about what all of you did for this country ?
Our bet ?
" Thanks for not making torture an indictable offense ! "
Seriously , kids , we can't thank you enough for that .
Thank you , God bless you , and God bless America .
OK , that 's just shameless pandering now .
That 's like something HitlerStalin would say .
( Teachers , please remove all history books from the classroom at this point ... )
The MoD confirmed that the men were travelling in a Type 1 Jackal vehicle , which is only lightly armoured .
Some British soldiers using Jackals are known to have tried to improve their protection by taping Kevlar pads to the vehicles .
After field commanders requested a series of modifications to the Jackal , the MoD in April ordered 110 new Type 2 Jackals .
The updated Jackal will have an " enhanced armour configuration " .
This amazingly intricate cake by New York ’s BCake is an edible version of an aluminum MacBook Pro , along with a delicious iPhone among other things .
The centerpiece of this geeky cakestravaganza is an aluminum MacBook Pro laptop , complete with a highly detailed keyboard , and LCD ( that ’s Lickable Candy Deliciousity ) display with an on - screen message to its lucky recipient , Victoria – who apparently is a fan of the SuperFriends , too .
There ’s even a matching Mighty Mouse , and a few other random desktop accessories – including pens made out of sugar .
Yum .
Be sure to check out all of the pics in the gallery below :
Despite my rabid sweet tooth , I ’d have a hard time cutting into this masterpiece .
So if you ’re in the market for a custom cake creation in New York , B sure to check out BCake ’s website .
[ via Flickr ]
A small Toronto firm has won a key ruling in its patent infringement case against software giant Microsoft Corp .
A Texas judge this week found the Microsoft " wilfully " violated a patent held by Toronto 's i4i Inc. by including certain features in its popular Microsoft Word software .
The judgement upheld an earlier jury ruling against Microsoft and added another $ 90 million to the $ 200 million in damages that was originally awarded .
The court also ordered a permanent injunction against Microsoft , to take effect in 60 days , which would prevent it from selling copies of its popular word processing software in the United States that include the patented technology .
" We feel vindicated with this result , " Michel Vulpe , the founder of i4 i and inventor of the patented technology in question , said in a statement yesterday .
The patent in question relates to so - called " extensible mark - up language , " or XML , which allows users to create forms and templates in Word with tagged fields .
The information in those fields can then be managed in a database .
For example , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration uses the feature to help track information about prescription drugs .
Microsoft said yesterday that it plans to appeal the ruling .
" We believe the evidence clearly demonstrated that we do not infringe and that the i4i patent is invalid , " the Redmond , Wash .
company said in a statement .
While i4 i and Microsoft had previously worked together so clients could add XML functions to Word as a plug - in , a patent infringement suit was filed after Microsoft began including the feature with each copy of its word processing software that it shipped , beginning with Word 2003 .
It 's happened a million times .
You draw an innocent little sketch for a friend or family member , only to realize moments later , " Crap .
I just drew a Godzilla - like penis in front of Grandma . "
Well my faux phallic friends , this blog is the home for all those wayward wangs out there .
Send in your own accidental dong pics and share their squiggly , misguided joy with the world .
And do n't worry , it 's all totally SFW .
Submit your dongs to accidentaldong@gmail.com
Support for UK troops should be more vocal , says the Queen 's son The Duke of York has defended bankers ' bonuses , saying they are " minute " in the scheme of things .
The UK 's special representative for trade and investment said he did not want to demonise the financial sector and bonuses were an easy target .
Prince Andrew told the Daily Telegraph " excesses " should stop but " do n't throw the baby out with the bath water " .
But his comments left him isolated , warned John McFall the Treasury Select committee chairman .
Prince Andrew said closing tax loopholes for Britain 's 112,000 non-domiciles could have a detrimental effect on the UK .
He said : " Will it have an effect on the public purse as to be valid , or will it have a detrimental effect for the UK in the long run ? "
' Privilege abused ' Earlier this week , the Centre for Economics and Business Research said City bank bonuses would hit £ 6bn this year , up from £ 4bn in 2008 , because of rising profits and less competition .
The duke , who has acted in his trade role since 2001 , said : " I do n't want to demonise the banking and financial sector .
Bonuses , in the scheme of things , are minute .
They are easy to target .
" A number will have abused their privilege of a bonus , so get rid of the excesses , but do n't throw the baby out with the bath water . "
In a wide - ranging interview , he also commented on the " difficult " war in Afghanistan and called on the public and government to be more vocal in supporting British troops .
The former Fleet Air Arm helicopter pilot in the Falklands War said soldiers needed more reassurance from their leaders .
The duke said : " They are being remarkably more successful at it than is being adequately communicated . "
Mr McFall said he should be more cautious about getting involved in such a controversial issue as bank bonuses .
He insisted Prince Andrew 's views were not shared by the public .
Mr McFall said : " As defender of bonuses , he stands on a lonely plinth , I do n't see anyone joining him .
" And those of us who are recipients of public money , including the prince , should be very sensitive to the fact that as we speak , taxpayers ' money is providing life support to these very banks . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The idea of serious scientists and engineers gathering to discuss schemes for controlling the world 's climate would a mere 10 years ago have seemed bizarre , or something from science fiction .
But now , well into the 21st century , we are slowly and reluctantly starting to realise that global heating is real .
We may have cool , wet summers in the UK , but we are fortunate compared with the Inuit , who see their habitat melting , and Australians and Africans who suffer intensifying heat and drought .
We should not be surprised that public policy is edging ever nearer to geoengineering , the therapy our scientists are considering for a fevered planet .
Our senior scientific society , the Royal Society , met at the start of the month to launch the report " Geoengineering the Climate " and to hear from its representative scientists .
The meeting was hosted by the president , Lord Rees , and the chairman was Professor John Shepherd , who chaired the study group .
The goal , as Prof Shepherd explained in the Guardian in April , was to investigate theories of " intervening directly to engineer the climate system , so as to moderate the rise of temperature " and to " separate the real science from the science fiction " .
Geoengineering is about deliberately changing the air , oceans or land surface of the world to offset global heating with the hope of restoring the cooler world we enjoyed in the last century .
We are now fairly sure that the Earth has grown hotter by about one degree Celsius as a consequence of our own action in taking away as farmland the forests and other ecosystems that previously acted to keep the Earth cool .
We also have increased by 6 % the flow of CO 2 into the air by burning coal , oil and natural gas .
If we started global heating , can we reverse it by engineering ?
The first scientist to consider geoengineering seriously was the Russian geophysicist Mikhail Budyko .
In the 1970s he proposed that we could offset global heating by spreading in the stratosphere a fine dispersion of particles that reflected sunlight back to space ; he based the idea on the observation that volcanic eruptions that did this were followed by global - scale cooling .
He suggested that we could mimic the effects of a volcanic eruption by putting an aerosol into the stratosphere .
His idea was confirmed by the detailed observations and analysis of the effect of Mount Pinatubo 's eruption in 1991 .
It injected 20 m tonnes of sulphur dioxide into the stratosphere and this soon oxidised to form the white reflecting particles that offset global heating for three years .
It is within our capacity to put this much sulphur dioxide into the stratosphere .
There are other ways of reflecting sunlight : large mirrors or diffusers of sunlight put in orbit around the sun .
One of the more promising and controllable reflection methods was put forward by John Latham and Stephen Salter , who proposed spraying very fine droplets of sea water from the ocean surface to make the natural surface clouds , called marine stratus , whiter .
As well as cooling by reflecting sunlight away we could cool by removing the carbon dioxide or methane from the air .
Klaus Lackner has proposed making artificial trees to do this ; others , following the lead of Johannes Lehmann , would sooner see vegetation capture CO 2 and then , after harvest , turn the plant waste into charcoal and bury it .
Geoengineering implies that we have an ailing planet that needs a cure .
But our ignorance of the Earth system is great ; we know little more than an early 19th - century physician knew about the body .
Geoengineering is like trying to cure pneumonia by immersing the patient in a bath of icy water ; the fever would be cured but not the disease .
Many of us feel a sense of unease about using geoengineering to escape global heating .
Most of the planetary therapies have side effects , potentially as severe as the disease itself .
We know that the cooling by Pinatubo was accompanied by droughts ; cooling alone does nothing to prevent the ocean growing ever more acid as the carbon dioxide dissolves in the water .
Before long , global heating could reach a level that makes geoengineering an enticing option .
Indeed , cautiously applied it may help by buying us time either to adapt to climate change or to develop a practical scientific cure .
We have , as yet , no comprehensive Earth system science ; in such ignorance I cannot help feeling that attempts by us to regulate the Earth 's climate and chemistry would condemn humanity to a Kafkaesque fate from which there may be no escape .
Better , perhaps , to learn from the wiser physicians of the early 19th century ; they knew no cure for common diseases but also knew that by letting nature take its course , the patient often recovered .
Perhaps we , too , had better use our energies to adapt and leave recovery to Gaia ; after all , she has survived more than three billion years and has kept life going all that time .
The finished multiplier and setup .
The arc picture was taken just as a strike occurred , it can be drawn out much further .
the sparks were taken when the CW was driven from my smaller 10 kV homemade transformer .
It was ballasted which prevented arc formation unless the leads were brought within close proximity to eachother .
Youtube Video !
Update !
Now 120 kV CW
Tower
In order to provide the required voltage for my Coolidge X - ray tube I had to add another two stages to the Cockcroft–Walton Tower .
With some handy plumbing parts and some more duct - tape it was a breeze to upgrade .
The beauty of multipliers is their ease of scaling up with more stages .
In conjunction with my recent X - ray experiments , I 've measured the voltage from the CW multiplier without load , powered from the Big - Mofo transformer .
It turns out the voltage from the transformer is only about 13 kV .
Meaning in the above video the voltage was really 50 kV , not 80 kV as thought previously .
With the two extra stages it 's now 75 kV no load .
The pictures speak for themselves , the upgrade only took an afternoon of work .
When drawing arcs the power consumed is over 1,5kW !
And of course a video :
In order to provide the required voltage for my Coolidge X - ray tube I had to add another two stages to the Cockcroft–Walton Tower .
With some handy plumbing parts and some more duct - tape it was a breeze to upgrade .
The beauty of multipliers is their ease of scaling up with more stages .
In conjunction with my recent X - ray experiments , I 've measured the voltage from the CW multiplier without load , powered from the Big - Mofo transformer .
It turns out the voltage from the transformer is only about 13 kV .
Meaning in the above video the voltage was really 50 kV , not 80 kV as thought previously .
With the two extra stages it 's now 75 kV no load .
The pictures speak for themselves , the upgrade only took an afternoon of work .
When drawing arcs the power consumed is over 1,5kW !
I used four strings times 60 RGP10 M diodes , and four HV capacitors made by Mate 's recipe .
Construction was pretty straight forward .
First I made the capacitors with tin foil and overhead transparencies .
I made sure to give at least 4 cm of clearance from the sides so it would n't arc over .
Basically the capacitors are made by paralleling 5 - 6 overhead transparency sheets , then putting one sheet of tin foil on top , another 5 - 6 overhead sheets , one more tin foil , then finally rolling together and taping .
The voltage standoff is surprisingly good given the quick and cheap construction .
Then I moved on to the diode stack .
240 diodes , and they all had to be chained together .
It took a few hours from I started until they were all linked together in strings .
I chose RGP10 M diodes because my electronics source had them in large quantity for a good price .
Besides convenience , they are avalanche rated which means if the voltage exceeds their rating they can safely breakdown and dissipate a certain amount of energy .
This is necessary when putting diodes in series as it prevents a diode from exploding if it is slightly mismatched and too much voltage is dropped across it .
The use of 60 diodes per string also give a decent safely margin .
RGP10Ms also have about 500ns of recovery time , which is acceptable when using an input source up to 100kHz .
Here the diodes are spiraled around a thin PVC pipe to give them some structure and voltage stand - off in a smaller package .
Beside them is the pipe they will soon be fitted into .
The diode tower was centered and suspended with twine within the main PVC pipe .
Wires from the diode tower were pulled through small holes in the large PVC pipe .
Some duct - tape really eases construction .
Be sure to see the video as the pictures do n't do justice , capturing a still photo of an arc at it 's greatest is nearly impossible .
Remember when drawing arcs from a high voltage CW like this , that care must be taken not to simply short the output leads together .
The capacitors are charged to about 40 kV , and will dump all of their energy into the spark and diodes at once , resulting in large peak currents flowing through the diodes .
For one thing it 's damaging to the diodes and will lead to failure .
If the driver is too weak it can also prevent an arc from forming , as the capacitors will not have sufficient energy left to sustain an arc , resulting in sparks instead .
For driving the CW Tower I use my home - made HV transformers , driven by a multi- purpose inverter
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Aided by a bleak job market , the U.S. military met all of its recruitment goals in the past year for the first time since it became an all - volunteer force in 1973 , the Pentagon said on Tuesday .
Military services have been stretched thin by conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq , giving added weight to recruitment efforts as President Barack Obama considers sending another 40,000 U.S. troops to Afghanistan next year .
The United States already has 67,000 troops in Afghanistan and about 119,000 in Iraq .
Pentagon officials said recruitment gains were fueled by the deepest U.S. recession since the Great Depression and an unemployment rate nearing 10 percent .
“ For the first time since the advent of the all - volunteer force , all of the military components , active and reserve , met their number as well as their quality goals , ” said Bill Carr , deputy undersecretary of defense for military personnel policy .
The U.S. Army , Navy , Marine Corps and Air Force sent a total of about 169,000 active duty recruits to training in the 2009 fiscal year that ended on September 30 , beating their 164,000 - member goal , the Pentagon said .
National guard and reserve forces sent about 128,000 recruits to training , beating their goal .
Carr said rising private sector unemployment was a force behind the increase in military recruitment but was not the only factor that “ allowed us to be , for much of the year , in a very favorable position . ”
Curtis Gilroy , a senior Pentagon official , said a 10 percent increase in the national unemployment rate generally translates into a 4 percent to 6 percent “ improvement in high - quality Army enlistments . ”
Recruitment does not come cheap .
On average , the military spends between $ 9,000 and $ 10,000 per recruit , a figure that includes the high cost of advertising and of employing thousands of recruiters across the country , Carr said .
The Army spends far more , about $ 22,000 per recruit .
Andrew Zuckerman
The debate over childhood vaccination has been in the news on and off for nearly a decade .
In 2009 WIRED published a comprehensive cover story on the subject — An Epidemic of Fear — laying out the debate and analyzing how unjustified and unscientific thinking was fueling a growing anti-vaccine movement .
As another wave of stories about vaccination dominate the media , we thought it was time to revisit our earlier coverage .
To hear his enemies talk , you might think Paul Offit is the most hated man in America .
A pediatrician in Philadelphia , he is the coinventor of a rotavirus vaccine that could save tens of thousands of lives every year .
Yet environmental activist Robert F. Kennedy Jr. slams Offit as a " biostitute " who whores for the pharmaceutical industry .
Actor Jim Carrey calls him a profiteer and distills the doctor 's attitude toward childhood vaccination down to this chilling mantra : " Grab 'em and stab 'em . "
Recently , Carrey and his girlfriend , Jenny McCarthy , went on CNN's Larry King Live and singled out Offit 's vaccine , RotaTeq , as one of many unnecessary vaccines , all administered , they said , for just one reason : " Greed . "
Thousands of people revile
Offit publicly at rallies , on Web sites , and in books .
Type pauloffit.com into your browser and you 'll find not Offit 's official site but an anti-Offit screed " dedicated to exposing the truth about the vaccine industry 's most well - paid spokesperson . "
Go to Wikipedia to read his bio and , as often as not , someone will have tampered with the page .
The section on Offit 's education was once altered to say that he'd studied on a pig farm in Toad Suck , Arkansas .
( He 's a graduate of Tufts University and the University of Maryland School of Medicine ) .
Then there are the threats .
Offit once got an email from a Seattle man that read , " I will hang you by your neck until you are dead ! "
Other bracing messages include " You have blood on your hands " and " Your day of reckoning will come . "
A few years ago , a man on the phone ominously told Offit he knew where the doctor 's two children went to school .
At a meeting of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , an anti-vaccine protester emerged from a crowd of people holding signs that featured Offit 's face emblazoned with the word terrorist and grabbed the unsuspecting , 6 - foot - tall physician by the jacket .
" I do n't think he wanted to hurt me , " Offit recalls .
" He was just excited to be close to the personification of such evil . "
Still , whenever Offit gets a letter with an unfamiliar return address , he holds the envelope at arm 's length before gingerly tearing it open .
" I think about it , " he admits .
" Anthrax . "
This is n’t a religious dispute , like the debate over creationism and intelligent design .
It ’s a challenge to traditional science that crosses party , class , and religious lines .
So what has this award - winning 58 - year - old scientist done to elicit such venom ?
He boldly states — in speeches , in journal articles , and in his 2008 book Autism 's False Prophets — that vaccines do not cause autism or autoimmune disease or any of the other chronic conditions that have been blamed on them .
He supports this assertion with meticulous evidence .
And he calls to account those who promote bogus treatments for autism — treatments that he says not only do n't work but often cause harm .
As a result , Offit has become the main target of a grassroots movement that opposes the systematic vaccination of children and the laws that require it .
McCarthy , an actress and a former Playboy centerfold whose son has been diagnosed with autism , is the best - known leader of the movement , but she is joined by legions of well - organized supporters and sympathizers .
This is n't a religious dispute , like the debate over creationism and intelligent design .
It 's a challenge to traditional science that crosses party , class , and religious lines .
It is partly a reaction to Big Pharma 's blunders and PR missteps , from Vioxx to illegal marketing ploys , which have encouraged a distrust of experts .
It is also , ironically , a product of the era of instant communication and easy access to information .
The doubters and deniers are empowered by the Internet ( online , nobody knows you 're not a doctor ) and helped by the mainstream media , which has an interest in pumping up bad science to create a " debate " where there should be none .
In the center of the fray is Paul Offit .
" People describe me as a vaccine advocate , " he says .
" I see myself as a science advocate . "
But in this battle — and make no mistake , he says , it 's a pitched and heated battle — " science alone is n't enough ...
People are getting hurt .
The parent who reads what Jenny McCarthy says and thinks , ' Well , maybe I should n't get this vaccine , ' and their child dies of Hib meningitis , " he says , shaking his head .
" It 's such a fundamental failure on our part that we have n't convinced that parent . "
Consider :
In certain parts of the US , vaccination rates have dropped so low that occurrences of some children 's diseases are approaching pre-vaccine levels for the first time ever .
And the number of people who choose not to vaccinate their children ( so - called philosophical exemptions are available in about 20 states , including Pennsylvania , Texas , and much of the West ) continues to rise .
In states where such opting out is allowed , 2.6 percent of parents did so last year , up from 1 percent in 1991 , according to the CDC .
In some communities , like California 's affluent Marin County , just north of San Francisco , non-vaccination rates are approaching 6 percent ( counterintuitively , higher rates of non-vaccination often correspond with higher levels of education and wealth ) .
Science loses ground to pseudo - science because the latter seems to offer more comfort .
That may not sound like much , but a recent study by the Los Angeles Times indicates that the impact can be devastating .
The Times found that even though only about 2 percent of California 's kindergartners are unvaccinated ( 10,000 kids , or about twice the number as in 1997 ) , they tend to be clustered , disproportionately increasing the risk of an outbreak of such largely eradicated diseases as measles , mumps , and pertussis ( whooping cough ) .
The clustering means almost 10 percent of elementary schools statewide may already be at risk .
In May , The New England Journal of Medicine laid the blame for clusters of disease outbreaks throughout the US squarely at the feet of declining vaccination rates , while nonprofit health care provider Kaiser Permanente reported that unvaccinated children were 23 times more likely to get pertussis , a highly contagious bacterial disease that causes violent coughing and is potentially lethal to infants .
In the June issue of the journal Pediatrics , Jason Glanz , an epidemiologist at Kaiser 's Institute for Health Research , revealed that the number of reported pertussis cases jumped from 1,000 in 1976 to 26,000 in 2004 .
A disease that vaccines made rare , in other words , is making a comeback .
" This study helps dispel one of the commonly held beliefs among vaccine - refusing parents : that their children are not at risk for vaccine - preventable diseases , " Glanz says .
" I used to say that the tide would turn when children started to die .
Well , children have started to die , " Offit says , frowning as he ticks off recent fatal cases of meningitis in unvaccinated children in Pennsylvania and Minnesota .
" So now I 've changed it to ' when enough children start to die . '
Because obviously , we 're not there yet . "
The rejection of hard - won knowledge is by no means a new phenomenon .
In 1905 , French mathematician and scientist Henri Poincaré said that the willingness to embrace pseudo - science flourished because people " know how cruel the truth often is , and we wonder whether illusion is not more consoling . "
Decades later , the astronomer Carl Sagan reached a similar conclusion : Science loses ground to pseudo - science because the latter seems to offer more comfort .
" A great many of these belief systems address real human needs that are not being met by our society , " Sagan wrote of certain Americans ' embrace of reincarnation , channeling , and extraterrestrials .
" There are unsatisfied medical needs , spiritual needs , and needs for communion with the rest of the human community . "
Looking back over human history , rationality has been the anomaly .
Being rational takes work , education , and a sober determination to avoid making hasty inferences , even when they appear to make perfect sense .
Much like infectious diseases themselves — beaten back by decades of effort to vaccinate the populace — the irrational lingers just below the surface , waiting for us to let down our guard .
Before smallpox was eradicated with a vaccine , it killed an estimated 500 million people .
And just 60 years ago , polio paralyzed 16,000 Americans every year , while rubella caused birth defects and mental retardation in as many as 20,000 newborns .
Measles infected 4 million children , killing 3,000 annually , and a bacterium called Haemophilus influenzae type b caused Hib meningitis in more than 15,000 children , leaving many with permanent brain damage .
Infant mortality and abbreviated life spans — now regarded as a third world problem — were a first world reality .
Peter Yang
Today , because the looming risk of childhood death is out of sight , it is also largely out of mind , leading a growing number of Americans to worry about what is in fact a much lesser risk : the ill effects of vaccines .
If your newborn gets pertussis , for example , there is a 1 percent chance that the baby will die of pulmonary hypertension or other complications .
The risk of dying from the pertussis vaccine , by contrast , is practically nonexistent — in fact , no study has linked DTaP ( the three - in - one immunization that protects against diphtheria , tetanus , and pertussis ) to death in children .
Nobody in the pro-vaccine camp asserts that vaccines are risk - free , but the risks are minute in comparison to the alternative .
Still , despite peer - reviewed evidence , many parents ignore the math and agonize about whether to vaccinate .
Why ?
For starters , the human brain has a natural tendency to pattern - match — to ignore the old dictum " correlation does not imply causation " and stubbornly persist in associating proximate phenomena .
If two things coexist , the brain often tells us , they must be related .
Some parents of autistic children noticed that their child 's condition began to appear shortly after a vaccination .
The conclusion : " The vaccine must have caused the autism . "
Sounds reasonable , even though , as many scientists have noted , it has long been known that autism and other neurological impairments often become evident at or around the age of 18 to 24 months , which just happens to be the same time children receive multiple vaccinations .
Correlation , perhaps .
But not causation , as studies have shown .
And if you need a new factoid to support your belief system , it has never been easier to find one .
The Internet offers a treasure trove of undifferentiated information , data , research , speculation , half - truths , anecdotes , and conjecture about health and medicine .
It is also a democratizing force that tends to undermine authority , cut out the middleman , and empower individuals .
In a world where anyone can attend what McCarthy calls the " University of Google , " boning up on immunology before getting your child vaccinated seems like good , responsible parenting .
Thanks to the Internet , everyone can be their own medical investigator .
There are anti-vaccine Web sites , Facebook groups , email alerts , and lobbying organizations .
Politicians ignore the movement at their peril , and , unlike in the debates over creationism and global warming , Democrats have proved just as likely as Republicans to share misinformation and fuel anxiety .
US senators John Kerry of Massachusetts and Chris Dodd of Connecticut have both curried favor with constituents by trumpeting the notion that vaccines cause autism .
And Robert F. Kennedy Jr. , a scion of the most famous Democratic family of all , authored a deeply flawed 2005 Rolling Stone piece called " Deadly Immunity . "
In it , he accused the government of protecting drug companies from litigation by concealing evidence that mercury in vaccines may have caused autism in thousands of kids .
The article was roundly discredited for , among other things , overestimating the amount of mercury in childhood vaccines by more than 100 - fold , causing Rolling Stone to issue not one but a prolonged series of corrections and clarifications .
But that did little to unring the bell .
The bottom line : Pseudo - science preys on well - intentioned people who , motivated by love for their kids , become vulnerable to one of the world 's oldest professions .
Enter the snake - oil salesman .
When a child is ill , parents will do anything to make it right .
If you doubt that , just spend a day or two at the annual conference of the nonprofit organization Autism One , a group built around the conviction that autism is caused by vaccines .
It shares its agenda with other advocacy groups like the National Autism Association , the Coalition for SafeMinds , and McCarthy 's Generation Rescue .
All these organizations cite similar anecdotes — children who appear to shut down and exhibit signs of autistic behavior immediately after being vaccinated — as proof .
Autism
One , like others , also points to rising rates of autism — what many parents call an epidemic — as evidence that vaccines are to blame .
Finally , Autism
One asserts that the condition is preventable and treatable , and that it is the toxins in vaccines and the sheer number of childhood vaccines ( the CDC recommends 10 vaccines , in 26 doses , by the age of 2 — up from four vaccines in 1983 ) that combine to cause disease in certain sensitive children .
Their rhetoric often undergoes subtle shifts , especially when the scientific evidence becomes too overwhelming on one front or another .
After all , saying you 're against all vaccines does start to sound crazy , even to a parent in distress over a child 's autism .
Until recently , Autism One 's
Web site flatly blamed " too many vaccines given too soon . "
Lately , the language has gotten more vague , citing " environmental triggers . "
But the underlying argument has not changed : Vaccines harm America 's children , and doctors like Paul Offit are paid shills of the drug industry .
To be clear , there is no credible evidence to indicate that any of this is true .
None .
Twelve epidemiological studies have found no data that links the MMR ( measles / mumps/rubella ) vaccine to autism ; six studies have found no trace of an association between thimerosal ( a preservative containing ethylmercury that has largely been removed from vaccines since 200111 ) and autism , and three other studies have found no indication that thimerosal causes even subtle neurological problems .
The so - called epidemic , researchers assert , is the result of improved diagnosis , which has identified as autistic many kids who once might have been labeled mentally retarded or just plain slow .
In fact , the growing body of science indicates that the autistic spectrum — which may well turn out to encompass several discrete conditions — may largely be genetic in origin .
In April , the journal Nature published two studies that analyzed the genes of almost 10,000 people and identified a common genetic variant present in approximately 65 percent of autistic children .
But that has n't stopped as many as one in four Americans from believing vaccines can poison kids , according to a 2008 survey .
And outreach by grassroots organizations like Autism One is a big reason why .
Researchers , alas , ca n’t respond with the same forceful certainty that the doubters are able to deploy — not if they ’re going to follow the rules of science .
At this year 's Autism One conference in Chicago , I flashed more than once on Carl Sagan 's idea of the power of an " unsatisfied medical need . "
Because a massive research effort has yet to reveal the precise causes of autism , pseudo - science has stepped aggressively into the void .
In the hallways of the Westin O'Hare hotel , helpful salespeople strove to catch my eye as I walked past a long line of booths pitching everything from vitamins and supplements to gluten - free cookies ( some believe a gluten - free diet alleviates the symptoms of autism ) , hyperbaric chambers , and neuro - feedback machines .
To a one , the speakers told parents not to despair .
Vitamin D would help , said one doctor and supplement salesman who projected the equation " No vaccines + more vitamin d = no autism " onto a huge screen during his presentation .
( If only it were that simple . )
Others talked of the powers of enzymes , enemas , infrared saunas , glutathione drips , chelation therapy ( the controversial — and risky — administration of certain chemicals that leech metals from the body ) , and Lupron ( a medicine that shuts down testosterone synthesis ) .
Offit calls this stuff , much of which is unproven , ineffectual , or downright dangerous , " a cottage industry of false hope . "
He did n't attend the Autism One conference , though his name was frequently invoked .
A California woman with an 11 - year - old autistic son told me , aghast , that she 'd personally heard Offit say you could safely give a child 10,000 vaccines ( in fact , the number he came up with was 100,000 — more on that later ) .
A mom from Arizona , who introduced me to her 10 - year - old " recovered " autistic son — a bright , blue - eyed , towheaded boy who hit his head on walls , she said , before he started getting B - 12 injections — told me that she 'd read Offit had made $ 50 million from the RotaTeq vaccine .
In her view , he was in the pocket of Big Pharma .
The central message at these conferences boils down to this : " The medical establishment does n't care , but we do . "
Every vendor I talked to echoed this theme .
And every parent expressed a frustrated , even desperate belief that no one in traditional science gives a hoot about easing their pain or addressing their theories — based on day - to - day parental experience — about autism 's causes .
Actually , scientists have chased down some of these theories .
In August , for example , Pediatrics published an investigation of a popular hypothesis that children with autism have a higher incidence of gastrointestinal problems , which some allege are caused by injected viruses traveling to the intestines .
Jenny McCarthy 's foundation posits that autism stems from these bacteria , as well as heavy metals and live viruses present in some vaccines .
Healing your child , therefore , is a matter of clearing out the " environmental toxins " with , among other things , special diets .
The Pediatrics paper found that while autistic kids suffered more from constipation , the cause was likely behavioral , not organic ; there was no significant association between autism and GI symptoms .
Moreover , gluten - and dairy - free diets did not appear to improve autism and sometimes caused nutritional deficiencies .
But researchers , alas , can't respond with the same forceful certainty that the doubters are able to deploy — not if they 're going to follow the rules of science .
Those tenets allow them to claim only that there is no evidence of a link between autism and vaccines .
But that phrasing — what sounds like equivocation — is just enough to allow doubts to not only remain but to fester .
Meanwhile , in the eight years since thimerosal was removed from vaccines ( a public relations mistake , in Offit 's view , because it seemed to indicate to the public that thimerosal was toxic ) , the incidences of autism continue to rise .
“ The battle we are waging will determine what both health and freedom will look like in America . ” – Barbara Loe Fisher
In the wake of the latest thimerosal studies , most of the anti-vaccination crowd — even Autism One , despite the ever - changing rhetoric on its Web site — has shifted their aim away from any particular vaccine to a broader , fuzzier target : the sheer number of vaccines that are recommended .
It sounds , after all , like common sense .
There must be something risky about giving too many vaccines to very young children in too short a time .
Opponents argue that for some children the current vaccine schedule creates a " toxic overload . "
" I'm not anti-vaccine , " McCarthy says .
" I 'm anti-toxin . "
She stops just short of calling for an outright ban .
McCarthy delivered the keynote address at the Autism One conference this year , just as she had in 2008 .
She drew a standing - room - only crowd , many of whom know her not from her acting but from her frequent appearances on TV talk shows , Oprah Winfrey 's Web site , and Twitter ( @JennyfromMTV ) .
McCarthy has authored two best - selling books on " healing " autism and is on the board of the advocacy group Generation Rescue ( motto : " Autism is reversible " ) .
With her stream - of - consciousness rants ( " Too many toxins in the body cause neurological problems — look at Ozzy Osbourne , for Christ 's sake ! " ) and celebrity allure , she is the anti-vaccine movement 's most popular pitchman and prettiest face .
Barbara Loe Fisher , by contrast , is indisputably the movement 's brain .
Fisher is the cofounder and president of the National Vaccine Information Center in Vienna , Virginia , the largest , oldest , and most influential of the watchdog groups that oppose universal vaccination .
At the Autism One conference , Fisher took the podium with characteristic flair .
As she often does , Fisher began with the story of her son Chris , who she believes was damaged by vaccines at the age of two and a half .
A short film featuring devastating images of sick kids — some of them seemingly palsied , others with tremors , others catatonic — drove the point home .
The film , accompanied by Bryan Adams ' plaintive song " ( Everything I Do ) I Do It For You , " ended with this message emblazoned on the screen : " All the children in this video were injured or killed by mandatory vaccinations . "
Against this backdrop , Fisher , a skilled debater who often faces down articulate , well - informed scientists on live TV , mentioned Offit frequently .
She called him the leading " pro-forced - vaccination proponent " and cast him as a man who walks in lockstep with the pharmaceutical companies and demonizes caring parents .
With the likely introduction of a swine flu vaccine later this year , Fisher added , Americans needed to wake up to the " draconian laws " that could force every citizen to either be vaccinated or quarantined .
That is n't true — the swine flu vaccine , like other flu vaccines , will be administered on a voluntary basis .
But no matter : Fisher 's argument turns vaccines from a public health issue into one of personal choice , an unwritten bit of the Bill of Rights .
In her speech , Fisher borrowed from the Bible , George Orwell , and the civil rights movement .
" The battle we are waging , " she said , " will determine what both health and freedom will look like in America . "
She closed by quoting the inscription above the door of the Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington , DC : " The first to perish were the children . "
And then she brought it home : " If we believe in compassion , if we believe in the future , we will do whatever it takes to give our children back the future that is their birthright . "
The audience cheered as the words sank in : Whatever it takes .
" No forced vaccination , " Fisher concluded .
" Not in America . "
Paul Offit has a slightly nasal voice and a forceful delivery that conspire to make him sound remarkably like Hawkeye Pierce , the cantankerous doctor played by Alan Alda on the TV series M* A * S*H .
As a young man , Offit was a big fan of the show ( though he felt then , and does now , that Hawkeye was " much cooler than me " ) .
Offit is quick - witted , funny , and — despite a generally mild - mannered mien — sometimes so assertive as to seem brash .
" Scientists , bound only by reason , are society 's true anarchists , " he has written — and he clearly sees himself as one .
" Kaflooey theories " make him crazy , especially if they catch on .
Fisher , who has long been the media 's go - to interview for what some in the autism arena call " parents rights , " makes him particularly nuts , as in " You just want to scream . "
The reason ?
" She lies , " he says flatly .
" Barbara Loe Fisher inflames people against me .
And wrongly .
I 'm in this for the same reason she is .
I care about kids .
Does she think Merck is paying me to speak about vaccines ?
Is that the logic ? " he asks , exasperated .
( Merck is doing no such thing ) .
But when it comes to mandating vaccinations , Offit says , Fisher is right about him :
He is an adamant supporter .
" We have seat belt rules , " he says .
" Seat belts save lives .
There was never a question about that .
The data was absolutely clear .
But people did n't use them until they were required to use them . "
Furthermore , the decision not to buckle up endangers only you .
" Unless you fly through the window and hit somebody else , " he adds .
" I believe in mandates .
I do . "
We are driving north ( seat belts on ) across Philadelphia in Offit 's gray 2009 Toyota Camry , having just completed a full day of rounds at Children 's Hospital .
Over the past eight hours , Offit has directed a team of six residents and med students as they evaluated more than a dozen children with persistent infections .
He pulls into the driveway of the comfy four - bedroom Tudor in the suburbs where his family has lived for the past 13 years .
It 's a nice enough house , with a leafy green yard and a two - car garage where a second Toyota Camry ( this one red , a year older , and belonging to his wife , Bonnie ) is already parked .
Let 's just say that if Offit has indeed made $ 50 million from RotaTeq , as his critics love to say , he is hiding it well .
Offit acknowledges that he received a payout — " several million dollars , a lot of money " — when his hospital sold its stake in RotaTeq last year for $ 182 million .
He continues to collect a royalty each year .
It 's a fluke , he says — an unexpected outcome .
" I 'm not embarrassed about it , " he says .
" It was the product of a lot of work , although it was n't why I did the work , nor was it , frankly , the reward for the work . "
Similarly , the suggestion that pharmaceutical companies make vaccines hoping to pocket huge profits is ludicrous to Offit .
Vaccines , after all , are given once or twice or three times in a lifetime .
Diabetes drugs , neurological drugs , Lipitor , Viagra , even Rogaine — stuff that a large number of people use every day — that 's where the money is .
That 's not to say vaccines are n't profitable : RotaTeq costs a little under $ 4 a dose to make , according to Offit .
Merck has sold a total of more than 24 million doses in the US , most for $ 69.59 a pop — a 17 - fold markup .
Not bad , but pharmaceutical companies do sell a lot of vaccines at cost to the developing world and in some cases give them away .
Merck committed $ 75 million in 2006 to vaccinate all children born in Nicaragua for three years .
In 2008 , Merck 's revenue from RotaTeq was $ 665 million .
Meanwhile , a blockbuster drug like Pfizer 's Lipitor is a $ 12 billion - a - year business .
To understand exactly why Offit became a scientist , you must go back more than half a century , to 1956 .
That was when doctors in Offit 's hometown of Baltimore operated on one of his legs to correct a club foot , requiring him to spend three weeks recovering in a chronic care facility with 20 other children , all of whom had polio .
Parents were allowed to visit just one hour a week , on Sundays .
His father , a shirt salesman , came when he could .
His mother , who was pregnant with his brother and hospitalized with appendicitis , was unable to visit at all .
He was 5 years old .
" It was a pretty lonely , isolating experience , " Offit says .
" But what was even worse was looking at these other children who were just horribly crippled and disfigured by polio . "
That memory , he says , was the first thing that drove him toward a career in pediatric infectious diseases .
There was something else , too .
From an early age , Offit embraced the logic and elegance of the scientific method .
Science imbued a chaotic world with an order that he found reassuring .
" What I loved about science was its reason .
You have data .
You stand back and you discuss the strengths and weaknesses of that data .
There 's just something very calming about that , " he says .
" You formulate a hypothesis , you establish burdens of proof , you subject your hypothesis to rigorous testing .
You 've got 20 pieces of a 1,000 - piece puzzle ...
It 's beautiful , really . "
There were no doctors in the Offit family ; he decided to become the first .
In 1977 , when he was an intern at the Children 's Hospital of Pittsburgh , he witnessed the second event that would determine his career path : the death of a little girl from a rotavirus infection ( there was , as yet , no vaccine ) .
The child 's mother had been diligent , calling her pediatrician just a few hours after the girl 's fever , vomiting , and diarrhea had begun .
Still , by the time the girl was admitted , she was too dehydrated to have an intravenous line inserted .
Doctors tried everything to rehydrate her , including sticking a bone marrow needle into her tibia to inject fluids .
She died on the table .
" I did n't realize it killed children in the United States , " Offit says , remembering how the girl 's mother , after hearing the terrible news , came into the room and held her daughter 's hand .
" That girl 's image was always in my head . "
“ The choice not to get a vaccine is not a choice to take no risk .
It ’s just a choice to take a different risk , and we need to be better about saying , ‘ Here ’s what that different risk looks like . ’ " – Paul Offit
The third formative moment for Offit came in the late 1980s , when he met Maurice Hilleman , the most brilliant vaccine maker of the 20th century .
Hilleman — a notoriously foulmouthed genius who toiled for years in the Philadelphia labs of Merck — invented vaccines to prevent measles , mumps , and rubella ( and later came up with the combination of the three , the MMR ) .
He created vaccines for hepatitis A and B , Hib , chicken pox , pneumococcus , and meningococcus .
He became Offit 's mentor ; Offit later became Hilleman 's biographer .
Offit believes in the power of good storytelling , which is why he writes books , five so far .
He dearly wants to pull people into the exciting mysteries that scientists wrestle with every day .
He wants us all to understand that vaccines work by introducing a weakened strain of a particular virus into the body — a strain so weak that it can not make us sick .
He wants us to revel in this miracle of inoculation , which causes our immune systems to produce antibodies and develop " memory cells " that mount a defense if we later encounter a live version of that virus .
It 's easy to see why Offit felt a special pride when , after 25 years of research and testing , he and two colleagues , Fred Clark and Stanley Plotkin , joined the ranks of the vaccine inventors .
In February 2006 , RotaTeq was approved for inclusion in the US vaccination schedule .
The vaccine for rotavirus , which each year kills about 600,000 children in poor countries and about 40 children in the US , probably saves hundreds of lives a day .
But in certain circles , RotaTeq is no grand accomplishment .
Instead , it is offered as Exhibit A in the case against Offit , proving his irredeemable bias and his corrupted point of view .
Using this reasoning , of course , Watson and Crick would be unreliable on genetics because the Nobel Prize winners had a vested interest in genetic research .
But despite the illogic , the argument has had some success .
Consider the CDC's Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices , which reviews new vaccines and administration schedules : Back in the late '90s and early '00s , Offit was a member of the panel , along with experts in infectious diseases , virology , microbiology , and immunology .
Now the 15 - person panel is made up mostly of state epidemiologists and public - health officials .
That 's not by accident .
According to science journalist Michael Specter , author of the new book Denialism : How Irrational Thinking Hinders Scientific Progress , Harms the Planet and Threatens Our Lives , the controversy surrounding vaccine safety has made lack of expertise a requirement when choosing members of prominent advisory panels on the issue .
" It 's shocking , " Specter says .
" We live in a country where it 's actually a detriment to be an expert about something . "
When expertise is diminished to such an extent , irrationality and fear can run amok .
Hence the death threats against Paul Offit.
Curt Linderman Sr. , the host of " Linderman Live ! " on AutismOne Radio and the editor of a blog called the Autism File , recently wrote online that it would " be nice " if Offit " was dead . "
I 'd met Linderman at Autism One .
He 'd given his card to me as we stood outside the Westin O'Hare talking about his autistic son .
" We live in a very toxic world , " he 'd told me , puffing on a cigarette .
It was hard to argue with that .
Despite his reputation , Offit has occasionally met a vaccine he does n't like .
In 2002 , when he was still a member of the CDC 's advisory committee , the Bush administration was lobbying for a program to give the smallpox vaccine to tens of thousands of Americans .
Fear of bioterrorism was rampant , and everyone voted in favor — everyone except Offit .
The reason :
He feared people would die .
And he did n't keep quiet about his reservations , making appearances on 60 Minutes II and The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer .
The problem with the vaccine , he said , is that " one in every million people who gets it dies . "
Moreover , he said , because smallpox is visible when its victims are contagious ( it is marked by open sores ) , outbreaks — if there ever were any — could be quickly contained , and there would be plenty of time to begin vaccinations then .
A preventive vaccine , he said , " was a greater risk than the risk of smallpox . "
Ah , risk .
It is the idea that fuels the anti-vaccine movement — that parents should be allowed to opt out , because it is their right to evaluate risk for their own children .
It is also the idea that underlies the CDC 's vaccination schedule — that the risk to public health is too great to allow individuals , one by one , to make decisions that will impact their communities .
( The concept of herd immunity is key here :
It holds that , in diseases passed from person to person , it is more difficult to maintain a chain of infection when large numbers of a population are immune . )
Risk is also the motivating idea in Offit 's life .
This is a man , after all , who opted to give his own two children — now teenagers — the flu vaccine before it was recommended for their age group .
Why ?
Because the risk of harm if his children got sick was too great .
Offit , like everyone else , will do anything to protect his children .
And he wants Americans to be fully educated about risk and not hoodwinked into thinking that dropping vaccines keeps their children safe .
" The choice not to get a vaccine is not a choice to take no risk , " he says .
" It 's just a choice to take a different risk , and we need to be better about saying , ' Here 's what that different risk looks like . '
Dying of Hib meningitis is a horrible , ugly way to die . "
Getting the measles is no walk in the park , either — not for you or those who come near you .
In 2005 , a 17 - year - old Indiana girl got infected on a trip to Bucharest , Romania .
On the return flight home , she was congested , coughing , and feverish but had no rash .
The next day , without realizing she was contagious , she went to a church gathering of 500 people .
She was there just a few hours .
Of the 500 people present , about 450 had either been vaccinated or had developed a natural immunity .
Two people in that group had vaccination failure and got measles .
Thirty - two people who had not been vaccinated and therefore had no resistance to measles also got sick .
Did the girl encounter each of these people face - to - face in her brief visit to the picnic ?
No .
All you have to do to get the measles is to inhabit the airspace of a contagious person within two hours of them being there .
The frightening implications of this kind of anecdote were illustrated by a 2002 study published in The Journal of Infectious Diseases .
Looking at 3,292 cases of measles in the Netherlands , the study found that the risk of contracting the disease was lower if you were completely unvaccinated and living in a highly vaccinated community than if you were completely vaccinated and living in a relatively unvaccinated community .
Why ?
Because vaccines do n't always take .
What does that mean ?
You can't minimize your individual risk unless your herd , your friends and neighbors , also buy in .
Science must somehow prove a negative — that vaccines do n’t cause autism — which is not how science typically works .
Until the cause of autism is discovered , scientists can establish only that vaccines are safe — and that threshold has already been met .
Perceived risk — our changing relationship to it and our increasing intolerance of it — is at the crux of vaccine safety concerns , not to mention related fears of pesticides , genetically modified food , and cloning .
Sharon Kaufman , a medical anthropologist at UC San Francisco , observes that our concept of risk has evolved from an external threat that 's out of our control ( think : statistical probability of a plane crash ) to something that can be managed and controlled if we just make the right decisions ( eat less fat and you 'll live longer ) .
Improved diagnostic tests , a change in consumer awareness , an aging society determined to stay youthful — all have contributed to the growing perception that risk ( of death , illness , accident ) is our responsibility to reduce or eliminate .
In the old order , risk management was in the hands of your doctor — or God .
Under the new dispensation , it 's all up to you .
What are the odds that your child will be autistic ?
It 's your job to manage them , so get thee to the Internet , and fast .
The thimerosal debacle exacerbated this tendency , particularly when the American Academy of Pediatrics and the Public Health Service issued a poorly worded statement in 1999 that said " current levels of thimerosal will not hurt children , but reducing those levels will make safe vaccines even safer . "
In other words , there 's no scientific evidence whatsoever , but you never know .
" When science came out and said , ' Uh - oh , there may be a risk , ' the stage was already set , " Kaufman says , noting that many parents felt it was irresponsible not to have doubts .
" It was Pandora 's box . "
The result is that science must somehow prove a negative — that vaccines do n't cause autism — which is not how science typically works .
Edward Jenner invented vaccination in 1796 with his smallpox inoculation ; it would be 100 years before science , such as it was , understood why the vaccine worked , and it would be even longer before the specific cause of smallpox could be singled out .
Until the cause of autism is discovered , scientists can establish only that vaccines are safe — and that threshold has already been met .
The government is still considering funding more research trials to look for a connection between vaccines and autism .
To Kaufman , there 's some justification for this , given that it may be the only way to address everyone 's doubts .
But the thimerosal panic suggests that , if bungled , such trials could make a bad situation worse .
To scientists like Offit , further studies are also a waste of precious scientific resources , not to mention taxpayers ' money .
They take funding away from more pressing matters , including the search for autism 's real cause .
A while back , Offit was asked to help put together a reference text on vaccines .
Specifically , his colleagues wanted him to write a chapter that assessed the capacity of the human immune system .
It was a hypothetical exercise :
What was the maximum number of vaccines that a person could handle ?
The point was to arm doctors with information that could reassure parents .
Offit set out to determine two factors : how many B cells , which make antibodies , a person has in a milliliter of blood and how many different epitopes , the part of a bacterium or virus that is recognized by the immune system , there are in a vaccine .
Then , he came up with a rough estimate : a person could handle 100,000 vaccines — or up to 10,000 vaccines at once .
Currently the most vaccines children receive at any one time is five .
He also published his findings in Pediatrics .
Soon , the number was attached to Offit like a scarlet letter .
" The 100,000 number makes me sound like a madman .
Because that 's the image : 100,000 shots sticking out of you .
It 's an awful image , " Offit says .
" Many people — including people who are on my side — have criticized me for that .
But I was naive .
In that article , I was being asked the question and that is the answer to the question . "
Still , he has n't backed off .
He feels that scientists have to work harder at winning over the public .
" It 's our responsibility to stand up for good science .
Though it 's not what we 're trained to do , " he says , admitting that his one regret about Autism 's False Prophets is that it did n't hold scientists accountable for letting fear of criticism render them mute .
" Get out there .
There 's no venue too small .
As someone once said , it would be a very quiet forest indeed if the only birds that sang were those that sang best . "
So Offit keeps singing .
Is n't he afraid of those who wish him harm ?
" I 'm not that brave , " he says .
" If I really thought my life was at risk or my children 's lives were at risk , I would n't do it .
Not for a second . "
Maybe , he acknowledges , he 's in denial .
Later , I ask his wife the same question .
When it comes to her husband 's welfare , Bonnie Offit is fiercely protective .
A pediatrician with a thriving group practice , she still makes time to monitor the blogosphere .
( Her husband refuses to read the attacks . )
She wants to believe that if you " keep your finger on the pulse , " as she puts it , you can keep your loved ones safe .
Still , she worries .
On the day I find myself sitting at her dining room table , every front page in the nation features an article about George Tiller , the abortion doctor gunned down at his church in Wichita , Kansas .
When her husband leaves the room , Bonnie brings up the killing .
" It upsets me , " she says , looking away .
" I did n't even tell him that .
But it absolutely upsets me . "
Her husband , meanwhile , still rises every morning at 4 am and heads to his small , tidy study in a spare bedroom .
Every morning , he spends a couple of hours working on what will be his sixth book , a history of the anti-vaccine movement .
Offit gets excited when he talks about it .
In 19th - century England , he explains , Jenner 's smallpox vaccine was known to be effective .
But despite the Compulsory Vaccination
Act of 1853 , many people still refused to take it , and thousands died unnecessarily .
" That was the birth of the anti-vaccine movement , " he says , adding that then — as now — those at the forefront " were great at mass marketing .
It was a print - oriented society .
They were great pamphleteers .
And by the 1890s , they had driven immunization rates down to the 20 percent range . "
Immediately , smallpox took off again in England and Wales , killing 1,455 in 1893 .
Ireland and Scotland , by contrast , " did n't have any anti-vaccine movement and had very high immunization rates and very little incidence of smallpox disease and death , " he says , taking a breath .
" You 'd like to think we would learn . "
Offit wants the book to be cinematic , visually riveting .
He believes , fervently , that if he can hook people with a good , truthful story , maybe they will absorb his hopeful message :
The human race has faced down this kind of doubt before .
His battle is , in at least one respect , probably a losing one .
There will always be more illogic and confusion than science can fend off .
Offit 's idea is to inoculate people one by one , until the virus of fear , if not fully erased , at least recedes .
Amy Wallace ( ecallawyma@gmail.com ) has written for GQ , Esquire , and The New Yorker .
This is her first article for Wired .
1 . An earlier version of this story suggested that no childhood vaccines contain thimerosal ; in fact some versions of the influenza vaccine , which is not typically mandated for children 's admission to school , does contain the preservative .
Go here for a further explanation .
Sisal Lives
A long time ago , even before the internet , a brave group of computer scientists set off to change the world .
Working at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , they designed a revolutionary new language that exploited fully , implicit parallelism .
Using dataflow techniques mapped onto a conventional syntax they created a language that was both usable and amazingly efficient .
I had the amazing good fortune to be associated with that group for 8 years .
In the early 1990's we were so bold as to think that we should replace FORTRAN as a mainstream scientific computational language ( See Dave Cann 's excellent article Retire FORTRAN , a debate rekindled ! )
We made huge strides in building efficient multitasking compilers that efficiently utilized the SMP architectures of the day .
Alas , as parallel machines went to purely distrubuted memories based on message passing , our technology could n't keep up .
The group supporting Sisal withered and died leaving small but fervent outposts of believers scattered around the world .
Today , SMP architectures dominate the high performance marketplace .
Hell , you can even get a multiprocessor Macintosh for your desktop !
We were proved right in the end and the time is ripe for a reintroduction of Sisal to the waiting world .
This initial release is just a cleaned up version of where the code was frozen in 1996 .
I have polished the fenders a bit to make it ready for the next phase ... a moderately reworked frontend .
I will try to work on Sisal one night a week until hell freezes over to get this done .
I encourage you to download and try Sisal .
I can make a believer out of you too .
Check out the files via anonymous CVS here
Welcome to the new millenia ....
SISAL LIVES !
Pat Miller
The company says people will not know who they will be watching Members of the public could earn cash by monitoring commercial CCTV cameras in their own home , in a scheme planned to begin next month .
The Internet Eyes website will offer up to £ 1,000 if viewers spot shoplifting or other crimes in progress .
The site 's owners say they want to combine crime prevention with the incentive of winning money .
But civil liberties campaigners say the idea is " distasteful " and asks private citizens to spy on each other .
The private company scheme - due to go live in Stratford - upon - Avon in November - aims to stream live footage to subscribers ' home computers from CCTV cameras installed in shops and other businesses .
This is a private company using private cameras and asking private citizens to spy on each other .
It represents a privatisation of the surveillance state
Charles Farrier , No CCTV
If viewers see a crime in progress , they can press a button to alert store detectives and collect points worth up to £ 1,000 .
Internet Eyes founder James Woodward said : " This is about crime prevention .
" CCTV is n't watched , it is n't monitored , and not enough cameras are watched at any one time .
" What we 're doing is we 're putting more eyes onto those cameras so that they are monitored " .
' Snoopers ' paradise '
However civil liberty campaigners say they are horrified by what they say is the creation of a " snoopers ' paradise " .
Charles Farrier from No CCTV said : " It is a distasteful and a worrying development .
" This is a private company using private cameras and asking private citizens to spy on each other .
It represents a privatisation of the surveillance state . "
Internet Eyes has defended its plans , saying viewers will not know exactly which camera they 're watching or where it is located .
Although the UK is the " world capital of CCTV " - with an estimated one camera per 14 people - viewing hours of mostly tedious and often poor quality images is a lengthy and unpopular job , said the BBC 's home affairs correspondent Andy Tighe .
In August , an internal report commissioned by London 's Metropolitan Police estimated that in 2008 just one crime was solved per thousand CCTV cameras in the capital .
The deficit was partly blamed on officers not being able to make the best use of the many thousands of hours of video generated by CCTV .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Social networking site MySpace.com announced today that it has switched from using hard disk drives in its servers to using PCI Express ( PCIe ) cards loaded with solid state chips as primary storage for their data center operations .
The PCIe cards , from Fusion - io Inc. , allow MySpace to replace multiple server farms made up of 2U ( 3.5 - in high ) servers that had used 10 to 12 15,000 RPM Fibre Channel drives each with 1U ( 1.75 - in high ) servers using a single ioDrive .
" In the last 20 years , disk storage has n't kept pace with other innovations in IT , and right now we 're on the cusp of a dramatic change with flash technologies , " said Richard Buckingham , vice president of technical operations for MySpace , in a statement .
MySpace said the solid state storage uses less than 1 % of the power and cooling costs that their previous hard drive - based server infrastructure had and that they were able to remove all of their server racks because the ioDrives are embedded directly into even its smallest servers .
" We looked at a number of solid state solutions , using many different kinds of RAID configurations , but we felt that Fusion - io 's solution was exactly what we needed to accomplish our goals , " Buckingham stated .
MySpace 's new servers also replaced its high - performance hosts that held data in large RAM cache modules , a costly method MySpace had been using in order to achieve the necessary throughput to serve its relational databases .
MySpace said its new servers using the NAND flash memory modules give it the same performance as its older RAM servers .
Salt Lake City - based Fusion - io claims the ioDrive Duo offers users unprecedented single - server performance levels with 1.5GB / sec. throughput and almost 200,000 IOPS .
The system can reach such performance levels because four ioDrive Duos in a single server can scale linearly , which provides up to 6GB / sec. of read bandwidth and more than 500,000 read IOPS .
The cards come in 160 GB , 320GB and 640 GB capacities .
A 1.28TB card is expected in the second half of this year .
" Social networking sites and other Web 2.0 applications are very database dependent .
Our 320 GB ioDrive can fill a 10 Gbit / sec. Ethernet pipe , " David Flynn , CTO of Fusion - io , said in an interview .
In response to How Will China Handle The Yuan ?
I received many emails regarding a single statement I made : " Prechter , who does not view gold as money , thinks gold will collapse .
Thus , not all deflationists think alike . "
The first half of that statement " Prechter , who does not view gold as money " is an inaccurate representation of Prechter 's views .
Inquiring minds pointed out that the title of Chapter 1 in Prechter 's Gold and Silver eBook ( a publication you can download for free ) is " Gold Is Still Money " .
Apologies go to Robert Prechter .
That out of the way , there are many things worthy of discussion from the same eBook .
Please consider the following image snip .
From the chapter : Does Gold Always Go Up In Recessions and Depressions ?
Click On Image To Read Text
When Does Gold Act Like Money ?
While Prechter states " gold is still money " , the above paragraph shows that he thinks gold acts differently when " gold is officially money " .
On the other hand , I think gold is money and gold acts like it as well , regardless of whether or not governments make it " official " .
Please see Misconceptions about Gold for a detailed explanation .
In the eBook , Prechter notes " All the huge gains in gold have come when the economy was expanding " .
That is a true statement .
However , this is a true statement as well : " All the huge losses in gold have come when the economy was expanding . "
Please consider the following charts .
Gold 1980 To 1988
click on chart for sharper image
Gold 1988 - 2000
Instead of asking " Does Gold Always Go Up In Recessions and Depressions ? " one could easily ask " Does Gold Always Go Up In Expansions ? "
Gold does not always do anything .
However , given that recessions make up minimal periods from 1980 through 2000 , this is an accurate representation of the period .
Gold 1980 - 2000
click on chart for sharper image
Gold collapsed from over $ 850 to just above $ 250 during one of the biggest expansionary periods in history .
That is the reality and the charts show it perfectly well .
Thus the statement " all of gold 's gains were in expansions " is very misleading , at best .
What 's Behind Moves In Gold ?
1 ) What was behind gold 's move in the Great Depression ?
2 ) What was behind gold soaring to $ 850 in the 80's ?
3 ) What is behind gold collapsing to $ 250 ?
4 ) What is behind gold soaring again now ?
Clearly it is not expansion or contraction driving the price of gold , but rather something else .
That " something else " is credit issues .
The great depression sported a massive contraction in credit .
Gold rose by force when Roosevelt confiscated , and re-pegged it .
Nixon taking the US off the gold standard was also a massive credit event .
The difference is that gold , allowed to float , soared .
From the $ 850 high , gold then plunged to $ 250 even though there was inflation every step of the way .
What happened ?
Credit fears collapsed .
Psychology changed ( more on psychology and attitudes below ) .
Moreover , gold 's reaction to Long Term Capital Management ( LTCM ) was a big yawn suggesting that the crisis would be contained .
In general , Gold , like Fiat money does poorly when economic conditions are generally rosy , credit worries are non-existent , and interest rates are falling .
In simple terms , cash ( and gold ) are trash , and assets are where you want to be .
Free to float , gold is apt to do worse as Prechter notes .
In 2002 when Greenspan stepped on the gas to fight deflation .
Gold started reacting in advance to the pending credit event , an event that blew sky high in 2008 .
Gold 's reaction now suggests the crisis is still not over .
In the early 30's even before Roosevelt stole the citizens ' gold , it value in relative terms soared , just as one would expect .
This go around , gold sunk in the initial credit collapse as leverage everywhere was forcibly repudiated .
Unlike other commodities however , gold quickly regained its composure , as I surmised .
Email Exchange With Robert Prechter
I had an email exchange with Prechter on August 12 regarding my post Social Safety Nets Mask The Deflationary Depression and his video " Dollar 's Hit A Major Bottom " in which he notes that a deflationary depression is coming .
Mish to RP :
You are looking for a " major economic depression " .
I think it is clear we are already in one .
The only reason it is not more readily visible is people are living in foreclosed houses unable or unwilling to pay their mortgage , one in nine living in the US is on food stamps , and unemployment insurance has been extended twice .
Congress is now debating extending it a third time .
RP to Mish : Hi Mike ,
By all means we are in a depression .
It began in July 1999 and is a long way from the bottom .
RP
If the depression began in 1999 then the " gold does well in deflation " camp is clearly winning the debate !
Regardless , this depression has been one massive credit event of epic proportions .
It should be no surprise that gold has been rising .
Not all recessions are made alike , nor are all deflations .
Certainly Japan was in deflation and the price of gold dropped , but Japan , in comparison to the rest of the world was a small piece of the pie , not enough to influence the price of gold in and of itself in a healthy global economy .
Thus it is also important to understand the context of deflation in the global economy .
One final point :
Gold does well in " real " terms during deflations .
It can do better in nominal terms at other times .
" Real " means purchasing power of what it buys .
Praise For Prechter
Tossing aside a difference of opinion on gold , I praise Robert Prechter as a pioneer and a visionary .
His views on deflation , although famously early , paved the way for others .
Moreover , I am extremely fond of his theory that shifts in social mood lead the markets , not the other way around .
Housing is a good example .
Most still believe consumer attitudes have fallen because the stock market is down and / or because housing is down .
The reality is attitudes changed first .
In summer of 2005 , people were camping out overnight in Florida hoping to be one of " the lucky ones " to secure a deal on a condo .
A few weeks later the lines were gone .
Prices did not drop significantly for a year .
What happened ?
Attitudes changed first , then prices eventually followed .
Once attitudes changed , the party was over .
A common applicable statement is " The Pool Of Greater Fools Ran Out " .
Prechter 's Elliott
Wave theory is also based on patterns of attitudes , that things play out in waves , finally ending in trend exhaustion .
It 's easy to be critical of economic pioneers because they are frequently early .
That should not get in the way of giving credit where credit is due .
Mike " Mish " Shedlock
http://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com
Click Here To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
Rico Mariani's Performance Tidbits
7/17/2020
5 minutes to read
In this article
Implying no warranties and conferring no rights : " AS IS " since 1988
You can find me posting here now : https://www.facebook.com/perftidbits
Author : ricom Date : 05/22/2017
My last day at Microsoft will be tomorrow , 3/24/2017 .
I really did want to get to some of the old ...
Author : ricom Date : 03/23/2017
I just discovered that there are all kinds of comments pending approval , some from several months ...
Author : ricom Date : 02/03/2017
A while ago I provided this local symbol server proxy you could use to get just the symbols you ...
Author : ricom Date : 02/03/2017
Last night I wrote about my new scholarship ( previous post ) Today I have something to ask .
I know my ...
Author : ricom Date : 12/11/2015
Just a few minutes ago I signed my part of the papers to create the Rico Mariani Women in Computer ...
Author : ricom Date : 12/10/2015
A good way to get a quick rise out of me is to tell me how you ’re going to just delete some ...
Author : ricom Date : 10/10/2015
" I could n’t possibly list [...] all the crucial changes we made to make ...
Author : ricom Date : 07/29/2015
This link has the details ....
Author : ricom Date : 07/23/2015
If you want to use regular expressions in production code the most important thing you must know ...
Author : ricom Date : 07/20/2015
About two months ago I had an extraordinary opportunity to talk to some Great People in the context ...
Author : ricom Date : 06/07/2015
About 6 weeks ago I prepared a talk on some of my experiences addressing performance problems in the ...
Author : ricom Date : 05/31/2015
One of my readers asked if I had any particular plans around memory density for Visual Studio to go ...
Author : ricom Date : 01/02/2015
I wrote this a long time ago .
It 's very interesting to me how applicable this is today .
And how it ...
Author : ricom Date : 12/23/2014
One of the most annoying things about working with performance traces is that they include ...
Author : ricom Date : 12/08/2014
I wrote a message much like the below yesterday and I kept cracking up once I had started .
And ...
Author : ricom Date : 12/03/2014
There were some requests for an example of my unit testing strategy so made up this fragment and ...
Author : ricom Date : 11/27/2014
[ I added this example in a later post ]
There are lots of pieces of code that are embedded in places ...
Author : ricom Date : 11/20/2014
[ All the parts in this history ] I could spend a long time writing about programming the PET and its ...
Author : ricom Date : 11/19/2014
I hesitate to bring this up but there ’s no sense hiding it .
For the last year I ’ve been ...
Author : ricom Date : 11/09/2014
I wrote some career advice a few weeks ago now , those few points are largely distilled from talks ...
Author : ricom Date : 11/09/2014
I recently received a customer question that boiled down to the oft - encountered binary floating ...
Author : ricom Date : 10/15/2014
At the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing there are many attendees offering and looking ...
Author : ricom Date : 10/09/2014
[ Note : I accidently pasted an x64 result in place of an x86 result .
As it happens the point I was ...
Author : ricom Date : 09/29/2014
[ Note : Mystery of the shuffling is solved , the rand ( ) method I was using returns only numbers ...
Author : ricom Date : 09/28/2014
I switched to git about 3 years ago because the portability was so great .
Moving work between ...
Author : ricom Date : 09/26/2014
It seems like I get pretty much the same questions all the time .
A common one is , " Rico can you tell ...
Author : ricom Date : 09/24/2014
Q : My application starts slowly , I want to preload it to avoid that problem .
Should I be worried ?
A : ...
Author : ricom Date : 08/29/2014
Huge words of caution : you can bury yourself in this kind of stuff forever and for my money it is ...
Author : ricom Date : 08/29/2014
This sort of solution managment brings welcome relief .
Author : ricom Date : 03/21/2012
I thought I 'd follow up on my last technical post with a few extra details about the Marble pattern , ...
Author : ricom Date : 02/20/2012
The Building Windows 8 blog has an interesting article on how we measure IE perf .
Recommended ...
Author : ricom Date : 02/17/2012
I wish I could remember where I first read it because perhaps it deserves attribution .
But many ...
Author : ricom Date : 02/02/2012
I still get questions that amount to " should I ngen my < something > " from time to time and the ...
Author : ricom Date : 01/31/2012
This series can still be found here : http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ff649152.aspx
While ...
Author : ricom Date : 01/11/2012
Many problems you will face are actually the building data access layer , sometimes thinly disguised , ...
Author : ricom Date : 01/10/2012
Many of you have commented that I 've been kind of quiet lately .
This was largely a reflection of my ...
Author : ricom Date : 11/12/2011
I know I have n't posted for a while ; I 'm hoping that will change soon .
However in the mean time my ...
Author : ricom Date : 09/20/2011
I do n’t know that it is possible to write anything like a unitary software system in a way ...
Author : ricom Date : 09/27/2010
Next >
Syngenta , based in Basel , Switzerland , last year clocked up £ 7.3 billion worth of sales in more than 90 countries .
Among the products it markets to farmers are insecticides which have been blamed for harming honeybees .
It now also co-funds a £ 1 m project in the UK , announced last week , to research the decline of the bees .
But the company has dismissed criticisms of its role in the project as “ perverse ” .
A film due to open in cinemas this week highlights the global plight of the honeybee and argues that insecticides are partly to blame .
Called Vanishing Of The Bees , it is backed by the Co-operative retail group , which has a strict policy on the use of pesticides on the fruit and vegetables it sells , including a total ban on the use of several chemicals .
According to beekeepers , honeybee populations in the UK crashed by nearly a third in 2008 .
The implications are alarming , as bees contribute £ 200 m a year to the UK economy , pollinating a third of our food .
Scientists speculate that a combination of factors may be involved , including disease , mites , weather and modern farming practices .
But some argue that a group of widely - used nicotine - based insecticides known as neonicotinoids could be inflicting neural damage on bees , and contributing to their demise .
Syngenta sells two products containing neonicotinoids , Actara and Cruiser .
To protect bee populations , some such insecticides have been banned or restricted in France , Germany , Italy and Slovenia .
But they can still be used in other countries , including the UK and the United States .
A coalition of environmental groups has launched a campaign for a ban on neonicotinoids in the UK .
The group includes the Soil Association , which certifies organic food .
Its Scottish director , Hugh Raven , said Syngenta had made its position clear by opposing a ban on neonicotinoids .
“ The taint of commercial interest has undermined this research before it ’s even started , ” he said .
The research is also supported by the government ’s Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council .
“ The BBSRC should think again , and get a co-funder without this howling conflict of interest , ” said Raven .
Professor Andrew Watterson , head of the occupational and environmental health research group at Stirling University , agreed there were “ potential conflicts of interest in the project which may affect the credibility of the findings ” .
Graham
White , a beekeeper in the Scottish Borders and an environmental author , was scathing about Syngenta ’s role : “ Putting Syngenta in charge of UK research into the causes of honeybee deaths is arguably the equivalent of putting the tobacco companies in charge of research into lung cancer . ”
But Andrew Coker , Syngenta ’s head of corporate affairs in the UK , said : “ It seems perverse that we put our money into researching bee health and then get criticised for it . ”
Dr Celia Caulcott , BBSRC ’s director of innovation and skills , also defended the research .
She said : “ The use of insecticides in agriculture is just one possible reason for the problems bees are facing .
The most important thing to do right now is to understand what is happening and then translate that knowledge into actions to address the decline . ”
Chair for Foundations of Software Reliability and Theoretical Computer Science
Loopy wack - a- doodle Birther Queen Orly Taitz has the smoking gun !
( Minus the smoke and the gun . )
Well , they 're smoking something , anyway :
California attorney Orly Taitz , who has filed a number of lawsuits demanding proof of Barack Obama 's eligibility to serve as president , has released a copy of what purports to be a Kenyan certification of birth and has filed a new motion in U.S. District Court for its authentication .
The document lists Obama 's parents as Barack Hussein Obama and Stanley Ann Obama , formerly Stanley Ann Dunham , the birth date as Aug. 4 , 1961 , and the hospital of birth as Coast General Hospital in Mombasa , Kenya .
Included in the WorldNut Daily morongasm is a " photo " of the document , which purports to have been issued by the " Office of the Principal Registrar , Coast Province , Republic of Kenya " on February 17 , 1964
Question : Was there a Republic of Kenya on February 17 , 1964 ?
Wikipedia says no .
Kenya became independent on December 12 , 1963 , and declared itself a Republic exactly one year later .
She 'd better be a fucking great dentist , or the Taitzes are n't gonna eat this year .
Update : A more thorough debunking , for shits and giggles .
Update : AT&T has told us that an MMS message will be treated like an SMS is today , from which we presume it means that if you buy a 200 message pack , they 're essentially interchangeable .
However , the language is still a bit vague , so expect more details in the future .
Good news , everyone : it sounds like you can take a ( brief ) break from throwing darts at AT&T 's logo and photos of its various executives .
Thanks to a new FAQ from the carrier that focuses on iPhone 3G S and some of iPhone OS 3.0's new features , we have a little more information on what to expect when MMS goes live later this summer .
This AT&T iPhone 3G S FAQ ( PDF link ) covers various aspects of the iPhone 3G S launch this week , including availability , whether you should pre-order , and how to handle FamilyTalk plan shuffling .
AT&T also vaguely confirms that tethering is coming " in the future . "
But on the second page , it even tosses grumpy iPhone 3G and soon - to - be 3G S owners ( remember : the original iPhone can't do MMS for some unknown reason ) a bone with this statement :
Later this summer , as part of the 3.0 software , AT&T will make multimedia messaging ( MMS ) available at no extra cost to customers with a text messaging bundle .
[ emphasis added ]
That 's right : once AT&T is ready for all the MMSes that iPhone owners will undoubtedly clog the tubes with , there will be no additional fees — as long as you already have a texting package , which currently start at $ 5 per month for 200 text messages .
We are n't sure , however , as to whether MMS will be counted differently from regular text messages .
For example , O2 in the UK counts each MMS as four SMS messages .
AT&T did not respond to Macworld 's request for clarification on these points , so we hope the carrier enlightens us all by the time it flips the switch later this summer .
AT&T came under fire last week after Apple unveiled its iPhone 3G S / iPhone 3.0 plans when it became apparent that support for MMS and tethering would not be available when the 3.0 software update arrived this Wednesday .
The company has also taken criticism in regards to the upgrade pricing scheme for iPhone 3G S .
As the mesmeric guitar virtuoso of defunct Scottish band Cocteau Twins , Robin Guthrie ’s celestial reverb merged with singer Elizabeth Fraser ’s angelic ululation to create one of the most memorable sounds of the last three decades .
Guthrie ’s recently released solo effort Carousel and new EP Songs To Help My Children Sleep , released digitally Monday , are keeping that ethereal head - trip alive .
A reformed “ gear slut , ” Guthrie still runs his guitar through an arsenal of pedals and effects to create his lush sound , but says he ’s no longer as addicted to gear as he was as a young gadget freak with more cash and less shame about being a sonic slave to technology .
“ I have access to a garage full of digital detritus from the last quarter of the 20th century , and I amuse myself from time to time by shaking the dust off some old 8 - bit machine that once cost me thousands , delighting at the naivete that we all must have had to believe that it sounded good , ” the Scottish - born but France - based Guthrie told Wired.com in an e-mail interview .
“ If nothing else , our ears have become highly educated in the last 25 years .
The sonic dream states he concocts these days involve more soulful exploration than can be had by the mere twiddling of knobs .
“ I ’m 47 years old and was born into the analog age , ” he said .
“ I remember the term ‘ digital ’ when it existed only notionally .
I lost the early adopter attitude when I ceased to have loads of disposable income , and now a sort of inverted snobbery has crept into my being where I pride myself on using the humblest of things to make my music .
I ’ve come a long way from being the young gear slut who was precious about so many pieces of equipment .
I ’ve become more confident in my own ability to use what is at hand to express myself . ”
LISTEN : “ Waiting By the Carousel ” by Robin Guthrie
That currently does not include the social networking tools that have helped lesser bands build bigger followings .
While the easiest place to get hold of Guthrie is his official website , that and a MySpace page are about as far as he will go to keep his loyalists happy .
“ While I embrace the idea of social networking in some sense , I do n’t really need to let folks know when I ’m buying a pair of shoes , nor am I really interested when my phone bleeps and I ’m made aware that some acquaintance is having lunch , ” he complained .
“ It is lunchtime — of course they ’re having fucking lunch . ”
Since hypnotizing fans of synethesia starting in the early ’ 80s with the Cocteau Twins , the guitarist ’s sound has spread beyond music to film , compelling creative types as different as My Bloody Valentine ’s Kevin Shields and director David Lynch to let their gauzy freak flags fly .
Lately , Guthrie ’s lent his signature sonics to spaced - out soundtracks for arty films like Gregg Araki ’s Mysterious Skin and Dany Saadia ’s 3:19 .
“ Suddenly , I am able to use the skills that I ’ve been honing for 30 years in a different context , which is a far cry from the self - indulgence that I usually afford myself while composing , ” Guthrie said .
Meanwhile , the Cocteau Twins ’ music has shown up in popcorn blockbusters like The Crow and Judge Dredd .
Most of Lynch ’s works after The Elephant Man , especially his groundbreaking TV series Twin Peaks , have borrowed Guthrie ’s sound to help create their phantasmagoric surrealism .
Why is n’t Guthrie soundtracking more himself ?
“ The film and TV industries seem geared towards paying exorbitant sums for the usage of existing music while undervaluing original works , ” he said .
“ I ’d love to do more soundtracks , but sadly I seem to exist under the Hollywood radar . ”
Guthrie has scratched his visual itch by creating his own animated films , which he sometimes screens during his live performances .
And he ’s keeping his musical streak alive with a slew of solo full - lengths and EPs , as well as production work for bands like The Duke Spirit .
One thing that ’s probably not in the cards , though : a Cocteau Twins reunion .
“ I do n’t feel very motivated in that direction , ” Guthrie said .
“ Perhaps I would , if I felt that it was n’t a backward move .
But I ’m put off by seeing old bands churning out the one half - decent album they made all those years ago to a public unwilling to move with the times and accept that some artists actually carry on long after it has lost interest . ”
See also :
Let me be precise here : Fox News peddles a fair amount of hateful crap .
Some of it borders on sedition .
Much of it is flat out untrue .
But I do n’t understand why the White House would give such poisonous helium balloons as Glenn Beck and Sean Hannity the opportunity for still greater spasms of self - inflation by declaring war on Fox .
If the problem is that stories bloated far beyond their actual importance –ACORN ’s corruption , Van Jones ’s radical past–are in danger of leaching out of the Fox hothouse into the general media , then perhaps the Administration should be a bit more diligent about whom it hires and whom it funds .
If the problem is broader –that Fox News spreads seditious lies to its demographic sliver of an audience –the Administration should probably be stoic : the wingnuts will always be with us .
The best antidote to their garbage is elegant , intelligent governance .
The next - best antidote is occasional engagement : I thought Obama came away from his O’Reilly and Chris Wallace interviews much the better for it .
( Though you do n’t want to sit down with a thug like Hannity or a weirdo like Beck . )
The problem with war is that it diverts attention from the actual news .
The Administration has tried to pursue a sophisticated , difficult domestic and foreign policy .
It does n’t offer the quick - fix irresponsibility of a tax cut or an invasion .
It needs space , time and patience to explain .
This is an enervating , midstream moment .
It ’s not certain that the President ’s efforts from health care to Afghanistan will succeed .
We ’ll know a lot more in a month , but I really hope the White House has n’t launched this attack to fill the public space while the other issues are being sorted out .
The long - term costs of stooping to Fox ’s level are not just bad posture ; they are a diminution of the office and its primary occupant .
by Patrick Appel
Michael Lynch wrote yesterday that peak oil is a myth .
Free Exchange is skeptical of some of the assumptions Lynch makes :
Currently , there are about 6.7 billion people in the world , who use about 4.8 barrels of oil per year each , for about 32 billion barrels per year .
By 2020 there will be nearly 8 billion people .
If oil prices remain low , it 's reasonable to expect per capita consumption globally to rise to perhaps 5.5 barrels of oil per year each by then .
That would give us an increase in annual global petroleum consumption of nearly 40 % in a decade 's time .
Does it seem reasonable that global production can expand at even half that pace using only supply that can profitably be withdrawn at $ 30 per barrel ?
The Oil Drum is not impressed :
Peak Oil has never been about the amount of hydrocarbon molecules that exist , but flow rates , timing and costs .
This post from 2007 gives a general overview of the differences between those concerned about a near term oil peak , and the unconcerned .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 September 16
The Tarantula Zone
Credit & Copyright : John P. Gleason
Explanation : The Tarantula Nebula is more than 1,000 light - years in diameter -- a giant star forming region within our neighboring galaxy the Large Magellanic Cloud ( LMC ) .
That cosmic arachnid lies left of center in this sharp , colorful telescopic image taken through narrow - band filters .
It covers a part of the LMC over 2,000 light - years across .
Within the Tarantula ( NGC 2070 ) , intense radiation , stellar winds and supernova shocks from the central young cluster of massive stars , cataloged as R136 , energize the nebular glow and shape the spidery filaments .
Around the Tarantula are other violent star - forming regions with young star clusters , filaments and bubble - shaped clouds .
The rich field is about as wide as the full Moon on the sky , located in the southern constellation Dorado .
I 'm going to add a little to the employment situation summary .
All numbers are raw , not adjusted .
The civilian labor force dropped by a mind - boggling 1.28 million in September from August , with 235 thousand people being added to the workforce .
The participation rate plunged .6 % to 65.0 % .
The employment - population ratio - the TRUE measure of employment in this nation - fell to 58.9 % .
The actual number of the unemployed rose by 285 thousand , while those not in the labor force jumped by 1.516 million .
And unemployment for those aged 16 - 19 years old skyrocketed in September to 25.8 % from 24.2 % in August .
For this age group , the emp - pop ratio is just 26.2 % with the participation rate falling off the cliff , from 40.7 % to 35.3 % .
This , by far , is THE WORST employment situation report I have ever read .
Bar none .
I ran the numbers on how many jobs we have actually lost since December 2007 - the beginning of the recession - cum - depression - and how many jobs we'd have to create each and every month for the next two years just to return to November 2007 levels …
I hope you are sitting down , have a good stiff drink at your side , and no firearms or sharp objects are within reach .
And all small children are safely stowed away .
Jobs lost in the past 22 months total 8,039,000 , while the non-institutionalized civilian adult population ( i.e. those not in prison , or a mental hospital , etc. ) has risen by 3,166,000 .
This brings the ACTUAL jobs lost number to 11,205,000 .
Now , dividing 3.166 m by 22 months roughly equals 144,000 .
This is the number of jobs that have to be created every month in order to keep up with the growth in population ; taken times 24 , this gives us 3,456,000 additional jobs that need to be created to keep up with population growth between now and September 2011 .
Added together , this means we need to have 14,661,000 - or an average of 610,000 - jobs added to the economy by the above date to reach par with November 2007 .
There you go .
The V - shaped recovery and green shoots simultaneously detonated ...
“ Czar Point , ” a regular commenter on the Economic Edge , gave two very pointed posts on how he views the numbers inside this morning ’s employment report .
The numbers are STUNNING , and they are the TRUTH .
Math does not lie and cannot be spun … statistics can be , but not simple math .
Point simply takes out his calculator and adds them up .
You will be shocked … BOOM !
There you have it .
The truth behind the numbers that your government presents but will not talk about .
The “ media ” will not dig and also will not discuss it – they are both fooling themselves and the general ( under / unemployed ) population … Styx – Fooling Yourself :
Wikimedia Commons , User Wapcaplet
Even though eyeglasses may appear unblemished to the naked eye , they need frequent cleaning throughout the day .
Dust particles and general pollutants from the air around us build up on eyeglasses on a regular basis .
Though these things may not always be noticeable , they still affect your vision .
Keeping your eyeglasses properly cleaned will help you see better and help to prevent headaches that can be triggered by eye strain .
Commercial eyeglass cleaners cost a variety of different prices , but they all contain the same basic ingredients .
All you need is common household rubbing alcohol and water to make your own solution that will rival any store - bought brand .
Make sure the spray bottle is clean before you begin .
Even if you have purchased the container new , take the time to wash it in hot , soapy water , and rinse it well .
Add the rubbing alcohol and water to the bottle .
Secure the pump spray nozzle securely to the bottle , and shake it well to mix the contents .
Generally , rubbing alcohol and water will remain mixed together well .
However , it will not hurt to shake the bottle prior to each use just to make sure the solution is mixed .
Spray the front and back of each lens of your eyeglasses with the solution .
POLL : What Economic Recovery ?
Obama , Unemployment and Foreclosures
For more than 8 - in - 10 , the rumors of economic recovery are greatly exaggerated .
Oct. 23 , 2009  --
From the public 's perspective , the rumors of economic recovery are greatly exaggerated .
The latest ABC News / Washington Post poll put it this way : " Many economists say that using the standards they apply , the recession probably is over .
Thinking about your own experience of economic conditions , would you say that from your point of view the recession is over , or not over ? "
Result : Not over , 82 percent .
Click here for PDF with charts and questionnaire .
That marks more than the disconnect between definitions of recession ; it also points to the land mines that pockmark the political landscape , threatening potential woe to President Obama in particular and incumbent office - holders in general .
Claims of a recovery that few people feel are fraught with the taint of disconnect .
GDP aside , plenty informs the public 's continued experience of recession : unemployment , especially including people who 've given up looking ; declining work hours and personal income ; foreclosures and more .
It 's also reflected in the ongoing ABC News consumer index , in which 89 percent rate the economy negatively , 77 percent call it a bad time to spend money and 59 percent say their own finances are hurting – all near their lows in 23 years of weekly polls .
Indeed , contrary to rumors of recovery , 74 percent in this poll are worried about the direction of the nation 's economy over the next few years – down 14 points from its peak a year ago , but still three - quarters of the public .
And six in 10 remain worried about their own family 's financial prospects .
These worries are very strong factors in belief the recession 's not over .
Many also are baring their teeth at executives of companies associated with the carnage .
Seventy - one percent support cutting executive compensation at companies that received emergency government loans in the past year .
Fifty - eight percent support it strongly .
POLITICS – Politically , the economy very probably is the single biggest threat to Barack Obama .
Well under half of Americans , 41 percent , think his economic program is making it better – which is part of the reason why , by 57 - 38 percent , the public opposes spending more on recovery efforts if doing so would increase the federal budget deficit .
Obama , the Economy and Deficits
That does n't give Obama a lot of wiggle room .
As things stand , his approval rating for handling the economy has slipped to 50 percent , barely below a majority for the first time and down 10 points from its high in the spring .
On handling the deficit , he 's lower still ( albeit up a bit from last month 's rating ) at 45 percent approval .
It is extremely difficult for a president to thrive in a bad economy .
In conditions much like these , Ronald Reagan went from 73 percent approval to 48 percent in his first year in office .
The first President Bush went from 69 percent to 33 percent in 11 months during the long slog out of the 1990 - 91 recession .
And the failing economy helped push George W. Bush to 23 percent approval almost exactly a year ago , 1 point from the lowest in 70 years of presidential approval polls .
RISKS / GROUPS –
The political risks also are illustrated by the first President Bush , who in 1992 said the economy was n't so bad after all .
He was technically right – the recession , as classically defined , long had been over – but it was n't experienced that way by most Americans .
Bush paid for the disconnect by losing his re-election bid that fall .
The discontinuity can last a long while , depending on the strength and speed of recovery .
While the 1990 - 91 recession technically ended in March 1991 , unemployment did n't peak until June 1992 , and consumer sentiment did n't regain its pre-recession levels until June 1994 .
After Bush suffered , so did the Democrats , with the loss of Congress in the 1994 midterms .
Those experiences raise the stakes in comments such as Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke 's last month , when he said the recession is " very likely over , " and in congressional testimony yesterday by Christina Romer , chair of Obama 's Council of Economic Advisers : " A recession that showed no signs of ending last January appears to be firmly entering the recovery phase . "
Again from the public 's perspective , there 's not a single group or region of the country in which more than 28 percent think the recession is over .
Among people with household incomes under $ 100,000 a year , 84 percent say the recession 's still going – but in the wealthiest households , 75 percent say the same .
Among people who do n't have a college degree , 85 percent say it 's not over – but so do 76 percent of college graduates .
The Recession , Republicans and Democrats
Eighty - seven percent of women and 77 percent of men say the recession 's still on .
So do 88 percent of conservatives , 81 percent of liberals and 79 percent of moderates ; and 85 percent of independents , 84 percent of Republicans and 79 percent of Democrats .
Worry about the future , especially in terms of Americans ' own household finances , also crosses political lines .
On the recession , then , bipartisanship prevails – economists aside .
METHODOLOGY – This ABC News / Washington
Post poll was conducted by telephone Oct. 15 - 18 , 2009 , among a random national sample of 1,004 adults , including landline and cell - phone - only respondents .
Results for the full sample have a 3.5 - point error margin .
Click here for a detailed description of sampling error .
Sampling , data collection and tabulation by TNS of Horsham , Pa .
Wild paranormal law - abiding stepdads to rule box office , almost for sure
If you ’re craving variety and unpredictability in your movie weekend , then this weekend is for you .
Still , most of the smart money seems to agree that the week ’s likely fiscal winner is Spike Jonze ’s new PG - rated adaptation of Maurice Sendak ’s multi- layered picture book classic , “ Where the Wild Things Are . ”
The family film boasts an outstanding cast , both onscreen and as voice talent , including Catherine Keener , James Gandolfini , Lauren Ambrose , and Forest Whitaker .
It ’s also got a director synonymous with high - quality and not - quite - mainstream fare and its hep cred is further bolstered by the name of bestselling author and McSweeney ’s founder Dave Eggers on the screenplay .
Best of all , commercially speaking , it ’s based on a book that ’s been read and loved by practically everyone .
All told , it seems like a canny blending of mainstream recognition , family appeal , and more than a dash of arthouse appeal , but therein may lie the difficulty .
This is a film that really should bit a big hit with critics , and its advertising certainly sells the film ’s visual beauty — always a plus with cinephile critics .
However , it turns out our David Medskar ’s very mild 3/5 star review is pretty typical of the critical reaction .
Rating a good - but - not - great 68 % Fresh on the Rotten Tomatoes scoreboard , critics are expressing sentiments similar to Dave , who found it “ lacking in terms of emotional weight . ”
Since emotional weight — laughter and tears , etc. — not arresting filmmaking technique — is what most people are looking for at the movies , you have to wonder about whether the film will show any legs over the long term .
Still , jolly Carl DiOrio ’s prediction of a $ 25 - 30 million dollar weekend seems more than reasonable given the audience ’s voracious appetite for strong family films with cross-generational appeal .
On the other hand , Disney ’s decision to extend the run of the 3 - D double bill of “ Toy Story ” and “ Toy Story 2 ” could cut into the “ Wild ” numbers just a bit with a terrific package of tried - and - true family fair bolstered by the appeal of 3 - D .
For some decidedly non-kid - friendly fair , Director F. Gary Gray and writer Kurt Wimmer ’s “ Law Abiding Citizen ” boasts two more or less A - list leads as Jamie Foxx portrays as a careerist D.A. pitted against against tragedy stricken family man turned imprisoned vigilante serial killer played by Gerard Butler .
I think Butler has starred in like 200 million mainstream movies this year .
None of those movies has been a hit with the critics so far , and “ Citizen ” is no exception .
The film , which apparently borrows just a bit from the “ torture porn ” genre as well as having an antagonist with a touch of “ Sweeney Todd ” and Charles Bronson in “ Death Wish ” about him got a pretty bad 14 % RT rating .
As is sometimes the case , Roger Ebert , who endearingly loves movies for being movies , was the lone positive dissenter among “ top critics . ”
Even he was n’t exactly effusive , merely honest :
“ Law Abiding Citizen ” is one of those movies you like more at the time than in retrospect .
I mean , come on , you ’re thinking .
Still , there ’s something to be said for a movie you like well enough at the time .
Still , this is the kind of flick that is not only completely review proof but could even be word - of - mouth proof at first .
That ’s doubly true given that young males old enough to see R- rated movies have theoretically already gone through the host of high quality violence - laden flicks still in theaters .
A respectable performance might well be in the cards here .
On the other hand , it ’s got next to zero explicit violence , but young males and females alike will likely be flocking to each of the 800 theaters this weekend that will be showing the absolutely sensational , if uni-dimensional , debut of director Oren Peli , “ Paranormal Activity . ”
The very clever video flick , which managed to place itself right in the middle of the top ten movies while playing in only 159 theaters last week ( and the numbers I reported were actually a bit low , Box Office Mojo had the corrected figures later in the week ) , will still be in only a fraction of the theaters the big new releases will be in ( between 2700 and 3700 ) .
Nevertheless , there ’s a mighty good chance each of those theaters will be happily crammed to capacity with scare - lovers ready to have their willing suspension of disbelief messed with via home - video technology .
I ’d get your tickets well in advance if you want to see this one this weekend .
It ’ll be in almost 2,000 more theaters , but something tells me this week ’s other horror entry , the remake “ The Stepfather , ” may be a footnote in comparison .
The movie has been sequestered from critics , which is interesting given that the original 1987 film , directed by Joseph Ruben and written by legendary crime writer Donald E. Westlake , was something of a critical as well as commercial hit .
The one commercial edge the unreviewed film has is it ’s PG - 13 rating .
However , seeing as “ The Stepfather ” is almost certainly a lot more violent than “ Paranormal Activity ” — which obviously threw in a few harsh curse words to ensure a horror box office friendly R-rating — clever parents may decide to earn free cool - points with their older kids by taking them to see what is likely to be the vastly superior and also less questionable scare show .
I do n’t know when the MPAA is going to get hip to the fact that , by the time you get to be 13 in this country , you ’ve heard , and probably used , the F - word a few thousand times .
In any case , I would n’t be hugely surprised if “ The Stepfather ” comes in somewhere after last week ’s sure - to - drop - substantially uncontested box office winner , “ Couples Retreat . ”
And , that , folks , is not all because we have some very notable larger - than - usual limited releases as we start to near awards season .
It ’s not quite being greeted with open - arms by the critical base it needs , but the multi- filmmaker anthology film , “ New York , I Love You , ” is opening big for an first - weekend arthouse flick in 119 theaters .
It ’s also the inspiration for a terrific Bullz - Eye feature on great New York - set films of the past from certain members of the Bullz - Eye staff .
I say “ terrific ” with total dispassion as I had absolutely nothing to do with nine of the entries .
Nothing at all .
And , finally , on seventy screens is a film I was hoping to review but circumstances — and a last minute reassignment to see “ Paranormal Activities ” — prevented me from seeing it again so I could give it a proper critical treatment .
I speak of the epically funny blaxsploitation spoof I ’ve been pimping — and I use the term advisedly — since I saw it last June , “ Black Dynamite . ”
This movie is not only a loving salute to the bygone seventies genre from cowriter - director Scott Sanders with a potentially big - time star - making lead performance by Michael Jai White ( “ Spawn ” ) , it pairs extremely well with the finest of malt liquors .
If you ’re anywhere near New York , L.A. , Atlanta , Philly or Chi , Bob says check it out or be left out of the scene .
© Mail News and Media LTD
most likely
© Mail News and Media LTD
© Mail News and Media LTD
Mail 's online video report on the event
Pensioner Peter Welton was amazed when a piece of red - hot debris crashed through his roof in July .
Now experts have confirmed the object had travelled hundreds of miles from outer space .
The 75 - year - old had been in his bedroom when he heard a smash and found the football - sized lump of extra terrestrial debris in the loft of his home in Hull .
The great - grandfather said : ' It was a hell of a shock .
If it had landed in the street and hit anybody it would have killed them .
'As it was too hot to handle he brought it downstairs using oven gloves .
The 4lb dark grey object was removed by Humberside Police before being taken away by the Ministry of Defence for investigation .
Mr Welton and wife Mair , 62 , then received a phone call from the RAF , who said the metal mass wasto be space junk .
RAF spokesman Squadron Leader Jeff Brock confirmed the finding , which was the first the RAF 's Defence Flying Complaints Investigation Team had encountered .
He said : ' Following consultations with the European Space Agency and Nasa , we are confident the object is more than likely space debris which was orbiting in excess of a decade .
'This is the first bit of space debris that we have got our hands on - we have never until this occasion had anything relating to it at all .
' The DFCIT , based in Henlow , in Bedfordshire , investigates complaints related to military flying .
Experts initially thought the object may have come from an aircraft .
However , its size and appearance was found to be ' entirely consistent ' with space junk , and its heavy mass meant it was more likely to have been in a state of decaying orbit for a decade or more .
Russia ( then the Soviet Union ) put the first object into space just 51 years ago - Sputnik One .
Since then we have created a swarm of perhaps tens of millions of items of space junk .
The debris ranges in size from paint flecks to defunct satellites .
The oldest piece of space junk still circling is the Vanguard 1 communications satellite that was launched by the U.S in 1958 , but stopped working in 1964 .
Most hug close to the surface , 200-300 miles up in low - earth - orbit , where they are a hazard to telescopes and the astronauts on the International Space Station .
Most debris will eventually burn up in the atmosphere , but larger objects can reach the ground intact .
Most have come down over the Pacific Ocean or sparsely populated areas .
There has only been one recorded incident of a person being hit by human - made space debris .
In 1997 , Lottie Williams from Oklahoma was hit in the shoulder by a 5.1 " piece of blackened metal .
It was later confirmed to be part of the a rocket fuel tank launched the year before .
Luckily she was not injured .
Despite narrowly escaping being hit , Mrs Mair said she was excited to hear the experts ' findings .' I think it 's wonderful , ' she said .
Zelen Shoes has the best selection of brand - name boots , shoes and sandals , all at the lowest prices and with free shipping anywhere in Canada for orders above $ 50 !
You 'll find the latest styles of Converse , Vans , Zelen , Havaianas , Dr. Martens , and …
Britain's Queen Elizabeth is shown in a vehicle in London in this October 9 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Luke MacGregor
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Britain ’s Queen Elizabeth stunned theater - goers in London this week when she and her husband slipped in to see a play unannounced and at the last minute , newspapers reported .
The queen and Prince Philip apologetically squeezed past other theater - goers to get into their seats for the West End production of World War One play “ War Horse ” at the New London Theater .
“ The Queen and the Duke sat down as the lights dimmed and it was a huge shock when people realized who they were , ” said a journalist at the show for The Lady magazine .
“ They were incredibly apologetic for asking people to let them past and there was no hubbub or fuss about it all . ”
The queen and her husband often make incognito trips to the West End , but are rarely spotted , an aide told London ’s Evening Standard newspaper .
“ The Queen has regularly undertaken similar private visits throughout her reign without any fuss , ” the aide said .
“ It allows her to live a bit more of a normal life . ”
The journalist from The Lady said the queen appeared to enjoy the performance , disappeared during the interval and then reappeared discreetly .
“ When they left at the end , they were given a round of applause , which the Queen acknowledged with a wave , ” she said .
An Interview with Snolve Craft , Chief Editor of The Infinite Field Magazine
Below is a quote from the Interview .
You can view / download a pdf of the complete interview by clicking The Golden Flow / Infinite Field Interview
“ My talk with Kristopher and Kalyn is perhaps one of the most fascinating conversations that I have ever had .
This conversation is most fascinating because for the first time since I first stumbled upon The Infinite Field , I am getting some direct insight from God / Source / Universe / Spirit on exactly what this divine gift that I call The Infinite Field really is and really means .
Ask and you shall receive .
Yes , I had asked to know more and to learn more about The Infinite Field .
I wanted to be able to understand it myself and to be able to coherently share it with others .
Kristopher and Kalyn were so generous with their knowledge .
They took me step by step and explained so purely and so plainly what The Infinite Field is and how we can live there .
Not only that , they live it by example and have allowed me such a private and personal peak into their journey .
It is one of authenticity and spirit .
Something broke inside me and opened up .
During our conversation , I went through the steps .
I welcomed some things that were deep inside me …things that I had pushed far away from me .
I welcomed them .
Then I allowed them to flow down the river of The Infinite that flows inside me .
Instantly , I was back in “ the flow . ”
Back doing what I love , which is sharing good stuff with all of you …back in The Infinite Field where I belong .
Ahh , yes …
It never left me .
It has always been there .
All I had to do was click my heels and I am home . “
Synolve Craft , Chief Editor , The Infinite Field Magazine
You can view / download a pdf of the complete interview by clicking The Golden Flow / Infinite Field Interview
If you would like to see the full October Issue of the The Infinite Field Magazine , click The Infinite Field Magazine
To see more Videos , Mp3's and other material go to the Golden Flow
An experiment to write 30 " beta " blogs in the hopes a theme / voice will emerge organically .
After spending 10 years writing ( and over writing ) a memoir , " Practicing Without A License " - the PWAL in pwalgal .
I yearn to be extemporaneous !!
Maricopa County sheriff 's deputies on Wednesday stormed into a county building , seized control of a computer system and threatened to arrest county employees if they tried to stop them , according to county officials .
County management responded by asking a Maricopa County Superior Court judge for a temporary restraining order against the Sheriff 's Office .
The system , which provides access to law - enforcement databases , is the subject of a lawsuit between the Sheriff 's Office and the Board of Supervisors .
It links county computers to Department of Public Safety databases , which store criminal background information .
But it also is a server and e-mail platform for several county agencies , including the Sheriff 's and County Attorney 's offices and the Superior Court .
Its management is the subject of a 2003 interagency agreement .
But in light of recent layoffs of system operators due to budget cuts and squabbles among the agencies , the Sheriff 's Office felt that sensitive data that should be the sole domain of law enforcement had become too available to the system 's civilian administrators , who work for County Manager David Smith and the supervisors .
In April , the Sheriff 's Office filed a lawsuit demanding control of the system , and the suit is working its way through court .
Nonetheless , Wednesday morning , deputies took control of the computers , housed at Sixth Avenue and Madison Street , and told the staff to leave under threat of arrest .
Then , according to Wade Swanson , an attorney for the supervisors , sheriff 's personnel began changing passwords and locked down the computer rooms .
A spokesman for the Maricopa County Attorney 's Office referred questions to the Sheriff 's Office .
The Sheriff 's Office refused to comment .
Swanson said that the deputies ' " aggressive action " of seizing the system is " unsupportable , unwarranted and unprecedented . "
" The sheriff did not receive permission from - or give notice to - any other elected official or stakeholder agency before barging in with armed officers and demanding that he be given exclusive control , " he said .
County Manager Smith called the action " the lowest common denominator of a thug , which is the use of force .
( Sheriff Joe Arpaio ) has no authority in law - or business practice - to do this .
He just decided . . . to send in deputies and take over and kick the staff out .
It 's a misappropriation of public assets . "
Just as the Sheriff 's Office is concerned about civilians ' access to records , county management is concerned the Sheriff 's Office now has access to information from other county agencies it is investigating , such as the Superior Court .
State appellate courts have rebuffed Arpaio 's attempts to obtain privileged court e-mails , which would be accessible through the system .
Superior Court Judge Joseph Heilman has scheduled a hearing for today regarding the restraining order .
Republic reporters Yvonne Wingett and JJ Hensley contributed to this article .
The MarketWatch Headline Bernanke : We Saved The World is the height of Orwellian madness .
Please consider the " full story "
We saved the world from disaster , Fed 's Bernanke says .
In a speech at the Kansas City Fed 's annual retreat in Jackson Hole , Wyo. , Bernanke summarized a hellish year and explained modestly how he and his central bank colleagues saved the world from a bigger disaster .
" The world has been through the most severe financial crisis since the Great Depression , " he said .
" As severe as the economic impact has been , however , the outcome could have been decidedly worse . "
If the Fed , other central banks and other government leaders had n't acted in a coordinated and aggressive way in September and October of 2008 , " the resulting global downturn could have been extraordinarily deep and protracted , " Bernanke said .
The policy response " averted the imminent collapse of the global financial system , an outcome that seemed all too possible to the finance ministers and central bankers . "
Reflections on a Year of Crisis
Since we last met here , the world has been through the most severe financial crisis since the Great Depression .
The crisis in turn sparked a deep global recession , from which we are only now beginning to emerge .
As severe as the economic impact has been , however , the outcome could have been decidedly worse .
Unlike in the 1930s , when policy was largely passive and political divisions made international economic and financial cooperation difficult , during the past year monetary , fiscal , and financial policies around the world have been aggressive and complementary .
Without these speedy and forceful actions , last October 's panic would likely have continued to intensify , more major financial firms would have failed , and the entire global financial system would have been at serious risk .
We cannot know for sure what the economic effects of these events would have been , but what we know about the effects of financial crises suggests that the resulting global downturn could have been extraordinarily deep and protracted .
Although we have avoided the worst , difficult challenges still lie ahead .
We must work together to build on the gains already made to secure a sustained economic recovery , as well as to build a new financial regulatory framework that will reflect the lessons of this crisis and prevent a recurrence of the events of the past two years .
I hope and expect that , when we meet here a year from now , we will be able to claim substantial progress toward both those objectives .
Serious Risk vs. Saved the World
Bernanke 's Self - Promotion Self - Vindication Campaign
Did The Fed Really Save The World ?
Elizabeth Warren On The Policy Response
To be fair to Bernanke , he never directly claimed to have " Saved The World " .
That is a trumped - up headline by MarketWatch .
Here is the key snip from his Jackson Hole speech Reflections on a Year of Crisis
There is a difference between " Serious Risk " and " Saving the World " .
However , that is as far as I will go in defending Bernanke .
It is important to understand that we are in this crisis because of the policies of Central Bankers in general and the Greenspan and Bernanke Fed in particular .
Both Greenspan and Bernanke have fostered an environment that threw money at every problem .
The worldwide credit boom and housing bubbles were a direct result of Central Bank policies .
Thus , giving credit to Bernanke is like giving credit to a doctor for amputating a cancerous limb after mistakenly cutting off three perfectly healthy limbs .
The difference between the Greenspan 's alleged " success " and Bernanke 's struggle to save the world is Greenspan had a wind of consumers ' willingness to go deeper in debt blowing at his back .
Bernanke has the wind of boomers fearing retirement in the midst of falling home prices and impaired bank balance sheets blowing stiffly in his face .
That difference is immense .
For further discussion of the problems facing Bernanke and how little power the Fed really has when consumer attitudes have changed , please see Belief In Wizards Runs Deep Bernanke 's Jackson
Hole speech is part of his campaign for re-appointment to the Fed .
Previously , Bernanke had a cream - puff interview with 60 minutes as well as three fluff installments on " The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer " as discussed in Bernanke Goes On Self - Promotional Media Blitz Bernanke 's media blitz is as galling as it is unprecedented .
No Fed chairman in history has openly or brazenly campaigned for reappointment .
The most galling thing is that nowhere along the way did Bernanke ever mention his role , the Fed 's role , or central banker 's role in general for creating this crisis .
Even Bernanke admits that " We cannot know for sure what the economic effects of these events would have been ... " thus we still cannot be sure if his policy actions were correct .
Indeed some highly respected individuals suggest they were the wrong thing to do .
Visit msnbc.com for Breaking News , World News , and News about the Economy
High Praise For Elizabeth Warren
Bernanke Saved The Dinosaurs
Deer sneaks into a hotel
A video has been released of a deer wandering into a hotel lobby in China on Tuesday , before being shot with a tranquiliser gun .
JERUSALEM , Israel —
The ad opens with fliers posted in drab , rainy public places .
The images are clearly not shot in sunny Israel .
We ’re in Europe , the U.S. , Russia .
The flyers carry the word “ Lost ” in several languages and a smiling photo taken in happy times .
The kind of notice people put up when they lose a dog .
Except these are for young Jews called Joel Fine , Nathan Jacobs , Josh Feldman .
The voice over to the ad begins : “ More than 50 percent of young Jews outside Israel assimilate and are lost to us .
Know a young Jew abroad ? ”
Then call the number on your screen , the voice continues , and give up their details , “ to strengthen their link to Israel , so that they wo n’t be lost to us . ”
Israelis often complain that the world does n’t understand them .
If you could count on anyone to get them , it ’d be diaspora Jews .
Watch this ad , and think again .
The semi-governmental Israeli agency behind the ad withdrew its campaign this week because it had offended Jews living outside Israel .
The ads were aimed at Israelis , but once posted on the internet they prompted an outraged response from American Jews in particular .
Why ?
Because to American Jews “ assimilation ” is code for “ intermarriage . ”
Some years ago , American Jews talked of an intermarriage crisis in which about half their children married non-Jews .
The implication was that their grandchildren would n’t even identify as Jews .
But in recent years American Jews have come to less dramatic conclusions about intermarriage , which accounts for 47 percent of marriages involving a Jewish partner in the U.S. , and have figured out ways to reach out to people who , according to the ad , will be “ lost to us . ”
Trouble is , no one seems to have told the Jewish Agency , the joint venture of the Israeli government and international Jewish communities that ’s responsible for encouraging immigration to Israel .
One of its sub-agencies , MASA Israel Journey , concocted the controversial ad .
In the 1990s , when American Jews were fretting hardest about intermarriage , the Jewish Agency was focused on bringing Jews from the former Soviet Union to live in Israel .
It shipped almost 1.5 million , including many who are n’t considered Jewish by the Israeli Rabbinate — but that ’s another story .
Once the FSU immigrants dried up , the Jewish Agency looked around for a new purpose and settled upon encouraging immigration through fear .
More precisely , fear of intermarriage .
On the " About us " page of its website , there ’s a column marked " some facts . "
The top fact is : " Throughout the Jewish world , we are losing more than 100 Jews every single day . "
World Jewry " is on the verge of negative growth , " MASA Chief Executive Ayelet Shiloh - Tamir said last week , when the ad was launched .
" We want Israelis to view [ diaspora ] assimilation as a national strategic problem . "
This attitude is counter to the approach taken by the main streams of American Jewry , Reform and Conservative Judaism .
The ads were very much counter .
The ads " present [ life in the diaspora ] as illegitimate and as leading Jews to lose their identities , " the chairman of the Reform movement in Israel , Rabbi Gilad Kariv , wrote in a letter this week to Jewish Agency Chairman Natan Sharansky .
MASA officials responded that diaspora Jews misunderstood the ads .
They were targeted at Israelis , they said , who see things differently .
" This is a campaign for Israeli society , not for Jewish Agency officials or for American Jewry , ” said Alon Friedman , MASA 's operations director .
“ We had to speak the language that Israeli society understands . ”
It ’s true that many Israelis are ignorant of the more accommodating stance toward intermarriage of Reform and , to a lesser extent , Conservative Judaism in the U.S. , where Orthodox Jews are a much smaller voice .
Israelis only understand Orthodox Judaism , which has a state - sponsored stranglehold on religious matters in Israel .
Even if they are n’t religious , Israelis are often repelled by the progressive elements of Reform Judaism , such as female rabbis .
MASA ’s Friedman defended the ads by saying that “ assimilation ” meant something different to the Israelis who saw the ad on television and to the Americans who watched it over the internet .
" Even words that have a direct translation do n't have the same connotations , " he insisted .
Americans just did n’t get the subtleties of the ad ?
Well , the Hebrew word for “ assimilation ” in the ad , “ mitbalel , ” comes from the root “ balel , ” which means “ mix ” or “ mingle . ”
So 50 percent of young Jews are “ mingling themselves ” with non-Jews and are therefore “ lost to us . ”
Does that sound less offensive ?
Half of MASA ’s $ 39 million budget is funded by the Jewish federations of North America and half by the Israeli government .
That appears to be one intermarriage that is n’t working .
What do murder rates tell us about a country ?
When they are as extreme as Colombia 's or South Africa 's , do they shape our perceptions of the place ?
Crime is rising in South Africa less than nine months before the country hosts the football World Cup .
But even with a murder rate dropping some 3 % in recent years , South Africa still has one of the higher rates in the world .
So , who are the others ?
These figures , from the fantastic UNdata give us an insight into the latest figures .
But , of course , the results can offer different interpretations .
If there 's one area where you can find a figure to suit your prejudices this is it .
The UN data includes figures from the World Health Organisation , the UN and local police forces .
So there is the South Africa murder rate on the summary chart below of 39.5 - and there is also a hugely different WHO figure of 69 murders per 100,000 .
So , how did we choose what to summarise here ?
Where there is a conflict , ie two sets of numbers for the same year , we 've put them in this order : Average figures first , then Eurostat ( the EU 's statistics service ) followed by the UN , WHO and then individual country reports .
We 've tried to be consistent in summarising the figures below - but if you want the full data , go to the Google spreadsheet and find out for yourself .
We want you to visualise this data - so let us know what you can do .
Download the full data
DATA : download the full list as a spreadsheet , including sources and alternative measures
Can you do something with this data ?
Flickr
Please post your visualisations and mash - ups on our Flickr group or mail us at datastore@guardian.co.uk
• More environment data
• Get the A - Z of data
• More at the Datastore directory
• Follow us on Twitter
Summary table
Why does psychological trauma have these long - lasting effects ?
One reason for the stress of psychological trauma is that our representations of these events are fragmented .
Psychologically traumatic events are ones that have no good explanation .
The sudden death of a loved one may seem senseless .
Abuse you suffer is a betrayal of a sacred trust .
You have painful facts with no story to bind them together .
Because these memories and events are painful , our natural tendency is to avoid thinking about them .
We suppress thoughts about these negative events and hope they will go away .
But , they do n't .
The mind is most settled when there is coherence to our thoughts .
We seek to resolve conflicting thoughts by remembering them and processing them .
So , a dangerous cycle can develop with traumatic events .
Because they are fragmented , there are constant reminders of them .
But , because they are painful , we do not process them deeply .
And so , we suffer the stress of remembering a painful situation without resolving the incoherence .
Research by my colleague Jamie Pennebaker and his colleagues suggests that one of the best therapies for this kind of psychological trauma is also one of the simplest : writing .
He describes this procedure in a 1997 paper in Psychological Science .
People are asked to spend three consecutive days writing about one or more traumatic events .
They are encouraged to really explore the thoughts and emotions surrounding the event , and to tie it to relationships with significant others .
In studies of this technique , people doing this writing are compared to others who write about unemotional topics like .
As you might expect , writing about these emotional events was very difficult for people .
They did not enjoy the experience , and they found it painful .
However , the long - term effects of this writing were fascinating .
If you followed the people in these studies over time , they reported fewer illnesses , they went to the doctor less often , and they suffered fewer symptoms of in the future .
They were less likely to miss work and school , and their performance at work went up .
These effects lasted for months and years after writing .
What is particularly interesting about this procedure is that it is just an effect of writing about these events .
The people doing the writing do not have to believe that anyone will ever read what they wrote .
So , the benefit of writing is not in disclosing this personal information to someone else .
The benefit is in creating a story that links together the emotional memories .
Making these traumatic events more coherent makes memories of these events less likely to be repeatedly called to mind , and so they can be laid to rest .
The sweat lodge seemed to be covered in dark tarpaulins and drapes
Two people have died and 19 others were taken to hospital after being overcome while in a sauna - like room at a spiritual retreat in Arizona .
Police said 64 people were inside a so - called " sweat lodge " at the Angel Valley resort for up to two hours before many of them became ill .
The pair who died were a middle - aged man and woman , police said .
Investigators are speaking to staff and guests and carrying out toxicity tests in an effort to find out what happened .
The 70 - acre retreat near the town of Sedona , about 115 miles ( 185 km ) north of Phoenix , offers holistic treatments and spiritual retreats in a natural setting , according to its website .
Reports said some of the sweat lodge participants had paid up to $ 9,000 ( £ 5,700 ) for their stay at the retreat .
It 's not something you would normally see at one of the resorts there , and it is unfortunate regardless of the cause
Dwight D'Evelyn
Yavapai County sheriff 's office
The resort offers a wide range of treatments from massage to colon cleansing , healing carried out by harnessing the consciousness of a dolphin , or " vortex experiences " , in which participants " experience our human energy system interacting with the earth " .
Local TV images showed the " sweat lodge " , or sweatbox , to be a dome - shaped frame covered by tarpaulins and blankets .
During the sweat lodge experience , the tent was gradually filled with steam generated by pouring water on to fire - heated rocks brought inside the dome .
The sweat lodge has traditionally been used as a ceremonial sauna in rituals practised by some Native American cultures .
The intense experience can be dangerous to people with pre-existing medical conditions or if the sweat lodge is poorly constructed or badly managed .
Critical condition
The actual cause of the two deaths at Angel Valley remains extremely unclear , police said on Friday .
Homicide detectives were among investigators combing the site , with tests being carried on air inside the dome and searches of buildings at the retreat , Yavapai County sheriff 's spokesman Dwight D'Evelyn said .
Police are also investigating whether any of those taken ill had pre-existing medical conditions or were fasting , he said .
" There are a lot of issues that may have led up to these injuries and deaths , " Mr D'Evelyn told the Associated Press .
" It 's not something you would normally see at one of the resorts there , and it is unfortunate regardless of the cause . "
Twenty - one people were taken by ambulance and helicopter to hospital on Thursday night .
Two were listed as being in a critical condition on Friday .
Half a dozen others were said to have been discharged after making a quick recovery .
Verde Valley Fire District Chief Jerry Doerksen told AP that people had begun to emerge after about two hours in the sweatbox , feeling light - headed and weak .
He told AP he had sent a hazardous materials team into the sweat lodge to test for substances such as carbon monoxide and other contaminants , but that nothing out of the ordinary had been found so far .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Birds and compasses know north from south because , like a giant bar magnet , the earth 's magnetic field has two poles that line up closely with the planet 's axis of rotation .
That 's simple physics .
Less widely known is that this global dipole has been diminishing precipitously for the past 150 years and at this rate could disappear entirely sometime early in the next millenium .
With the world 's protective magnetic shield severely disabled , intensified doses of cosmic and solar particles could knock out satellites -- the least of humanity 's concerns under this deadly shower of radiation .
The good news is that any disappearance of the dipole will be temporary , the halfway point along a southward swing that would leave compass needles pointing toward Antarctica rather than the frozen North .
Magnetic minerals trapped inside ancient rocks have recorded hundreds of these so - called polarity reversals in the past 500 million years .
But no known pattern exists in the timing or duration of these events , making them impossible to predict .
Most geophysicists have long assumed that a 2,200 - kilometer - thick layer of molten iron swirling deep inside the core creates the planets self - sustaining field .
But until about six years ago , no one had written computer code sufficiently complex to simulate core motion and its magnetic effects .
Now several programs can simulate not only motion but even polarity reversals , some of which require only 1,200 years - - a wink of geologic time .
Other investigators have seen real - world hints of why the reversals might occur .
Earlier this year Gauthier Hulot of the Paris Geophysical Institute and his colleagues used satellite measurements to track changes in the fields behavior near the top of the core .
Far below the southern tip of Africa they found a small region where the magnetic field lines point peculiarly toward the center of the earth instead of toward the surface , as do the dominant lines in that region .
A clump of similar patches exists near the North Pole .
Hulots team argues that the growth of these reversed patches , presumably eddies that are working against the primary motion of the core , can explain the current decline in the dipole field .
What is more , the rampant growth of such patches has caused full - blown reversals in some computer simulations .
As for what life would be like at a time of flip - flopping polarity , Paramount Picturess new geophysical thriller The Core suggests that birds will lose their way and that humans will live under frequent radiation alerts .
In the movie , world governments unite to build a manned craft that can burrow through 2,900 kilometers of solid mantle rock and survive the cores scorching heat -- comparable to that at the surface of the sun .
The mission : to set off nuclear explosions that could revive the cores natural flow and fight the magnetic fields tendency to reverse .
With current technology falling far short of this Jules Verne - esque solution , scientists can offer other reassurances :
The shrinking dipole doesnt guarantee an imminent reversal .
Only a random few of the fields myriad natural fluctuations actually mushroom into an all - out switch .
Recent computer simulations also indicate that the planets peripheral magnetic fields , which constitute only 10 percent of the total , may get stronger as the dominant dipole field weakens .
Most comforting of all may be that no major species extinctions correlate with past polarity reversals .
As geophysicist Joseph L. Kirschvink of the California Institute of Technology says , " If there is a biological effect , were evolved for it . "
Originally published in the November 2002 issue of Scientific American .
Oct. 12 , 2009  --
Even an action star can't escape the tax man .
Actor Nicolas
Cage owes the IRS more than $ 6.6 million in income taxes , according to a federal tax lien notice obtained by TMZ.com .
The notice , dated July 2 , shows that Cage owes more than $ 70,190 on his 2002 taxes , $ 179,738 for 2003 , $ 110,617 for 2004 and a whopping $ 6,257,005 for 2007 .
Why Cage , the star of such blockbusters as 2007's " National Treasure : Book of Secrets , " has n't paid his tax debts is unclear .
A spokeswoman for Cage declined to comment on the issue to ABCNews.com .
Cage is just one of a long list of celebrities with financial problems .
Stars , including Lenny Dykstra , Victoria Gotti and Annie Leibovitz , have been hit by tough times and lack of opportunities .
Some have had to put their multimillion - dollar homes on the market , declare bankruptcy or face foreclosure .
Below , ABCNews.com takes a look at eight stars who have found themselves strapped for cash .
Annie Leibovitz
She 's photographed some of the world 's most famous faces and is an icon herself , but Annie Leibovitz has struggled to stay out of debt -- so much so that it nearly cost the famed photographer a lifetime 's past work .
Last year , Leibovitz put up several homes as well as copyrights to all her photos to secure a $ 24 million loan with Art Capital Group .
But last July , Art Capital sued Leibovitz , claiming she breached an agreement with the lender , the Associated Press reported .
Leibovitz 's fortunes changed for the better last month , however .
The two sides reached an agreement Sept. 11 .
Art Capital dropped the lawsuit , extending Leibovitz 's loan and selling her back the rights to act as exclusive agent in the sale of her real estate and the copyrights to all of her present and future works .
Stephen Baldwin
Stephen Baldwin , the star of films including " Bio - Dome " and " The Usual Suspects , " filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in New York in July .
The court documents show that the 43 - year - old actor and his wife , Kennya , owed more than $ 2 million , Reuters reported .
The Baldwins owed a reported $ 1.2 million on two mortgages for their home in Rockland County , N.Y. , valued at $ 1.1 million .
Court filings also showed the actor owed $ 70,000 in credit card debt and more than $ 1 million in taxes .
The born - again Christian and brother of actor Alec Baldwin paid $ 515,000 for the home and 1.4 - acre lot in 1997 , according to the Associated Press .
The star recently appeared on reality shows such as " The Celebrity Apprentice , " and " I'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here ! " where he baptized Spencer Pratt .
After unsuccessfully trying to sell the house in 2006 , Baldwin and his wife Kennya defaulted on over $ 824,000 in payments to their mortgage , according to the AP .
Lenny Dykstra
Financial woes have proven too much for Lenny Dykstra , the former New York Mets and Philadelphia Phillies centerfielder known as " Nails " because of his toughness .
Dykstra filed a petition for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in California July 7 , said his lawyer , Walter Hackett .
Dykstra , 46 , a star when the Mets won the 1986 World Series , also faces more than 20 lawsuits , including suits filed by his wife for divorce and his brother over a dispute regarding their partnership in a carwash .
However , Dykstra 's decision to file for Chapter 11 did not have anything to do with the lawsuits , Hackett said .
The main reason , he said , for the Chapter 11 petition was the foreclosure sale of Dykstra 's $ 18 million California mansion .
Hackett said Dykstra is a victim of mortgage fraud by a lender at Washington Mutual , now JP Morgan Chase .
Jose Canseco
Jose Canseco struck out early in the mortgage crisis when the baseball slugger - turned - reality - star had to let go of his $ 2.5 million Encino , Calif . , home in May 2008 .
Canseco decided to ditch the mansion , citing plummeting property values and a high mortgage , reported Forbes.com in 2008 .
" It did n't make financial sense for me to keep paying a mortgage on a home that was basically owned by someone else , " Canseco told " Inside Edition " last year .
Victoria Gotti
Victoria Gotti , daughter of late mob boss John Gotti , apparently owes $ 650,000 to JP Morgan Chase Bank , which has sought to foreclose on her Old Westbury , N.Y. , mansion since 2007 .
Lower court rulings have deemed foreclosure premature , according to People Magazine .
However , an appeals court reversed that decision and the $ 4.2 million estate now appears to be at risk .
The house , which was used in the short - lived show that brought the Gottis into the limelight , " Growing Up Gotti , " was part of a divorce package from her ex-husband , Carmine Agnello .
" This should finally put to rest all the government lies and rumors that I have $ 200 million buried in my backyard , " Gotti told the New York Post .
Willie Aames
Willie Aames , former star of 1970s and ' 80s hit shows " Eight is Enough " and " Charles in Charge , " joined the ranks of recession - hit celebrities when he held a garage sale at his suburban Kansas City , Kan. , home .
Dozens of fans showed up score pieces of Aames ' TV memorabilia along with antiques , artwork and mounted deer heads .
According to the Web site TMZ , Aames filed for bankruptcy last year , and his home is in foreclosure .
The garage sale was his latest move to stay afloat .
Jodie Sweetin
Former " Full House " star Jodie Sweetin is struggling to keep a house of her own .
In November , the mom and former meth addict reportedly filed court papers describing her crumbling marriage to Cody Herpin and the sad state of their financial affairs .
" Our house is in foreclosure , our water has been shut off twice .
Currently , all of our other utilities are overdue , " Sweetin said in papers filed Nov. 19 in an Orange County , Calif . , and reported by People Magazine .
Sweetin may be able to pay some bills with the proceeds from her new tell - all .
The New York Post reported that she will bare her past as a secret drug abuser in " UnSweetined , " from Simon Spotlight Entertainment .
Ruben Studdard
" American Idol " fame is n't helping R&B crooner Ruben Studdard pay his bills these days .
In August , Studdard , the winner of " Idol 's " second season , was hit with property liens for allegedly failing to pay nearly $ 200,000 in state and federal taxes , according to court records , the AP reported .
Studdard 's attorney , Byron Perkins of the Cochran Law Firm , told the Birmingham News that he believes Studdard will be able to pay off the taxes .
ABCNews ' Alice Gomstyn and Nathalie Tadena contributed to this report .
This story is not unlike millions that play out in a similar fashion all over this nation .
For - profit , private insurance companies practice medicine without apology - and without license to do so .
Patients seek care ; doctors assess medical needs ; private insurance companies make the final choice .
My insurance company - Blue Cross -- decided just yesterday that doctors at one of the finest medical facilities in this nation were wrong in what they prescribed for me .
Yet if we listen to the plans unfolding on the national political scene , we are supposed to trust that the private , for - profit insurers - like Blue Cross - will clean up their acts over the next few years rather than " trigger " the availability of a public health plan option for all Americans .
As far as I am concerned , their decades of escalating abuses against patients and healthcare providers are trigger enough - they do not deserve five more years to decide if they 'll do what it is right .
We know they will not .
Even if they are given rules to follow - no pre-existing conditions excluded and they must issue policies to all - nothing will stop them from denying treatment and medications and payment for those medical services just as they do today .
Private , for - profit insurers pull the trigger on us all in a very real way millions of times every year in this nation .
This weekend it was proven to me yet again .
Private , for - profit insurance is a defective product .
I purchase it so I can protect my health and protect my finances if I get sick .
And that insurance product does not guarantee either issue for which it is promoted or for which I pay .
I cannot believe that under a publicly funded and privately delivered system , my doctors would be second - guessed as they were and that I would have to suffer as a result .
And it 's so interesting that California 's attorney general is going to investigate the rate of insurance company denials following the release just this week of the Institute for Health and Social - Economic Policy ( the research arm of the California Nurses Association ) study that showed that insurance claim denials in the state often approach 40 percent .
I am betting that denials like the one I had would make that rate soar even higher as thousands of these decisions unfold quietly at pharmacy counters and in private medical examination rooms all over the nation .
Last week , a pain that had been nagging but only occasional became more persistent .
I tried , as most American patients I know do , to resolve the issues with over - the - counter medications and reading symptom - checkers on websites I trust .
The problems continued , but I had no real desire to seek medical treatment because I almost always end up owing money I do n't know exactly why I owe - as some service or some portion of some service is deemed as either unacceptable or uncovered by the insurance carrier .
But as a cancer survivor and as a woman who has some medical history in need of follow - up care , I wrote to a physician friend by email and asked what she thought about my symptoms .
I knew what she 'd say else I would n't have written the email of concern .
I also called my primary care physician 's office for their read of the situation , and I heard the same response .
Sooner rather than later , go to the emergency room .
Because of my history and symptoms , both felt I 'd need a test that could not be done in an office setting and that the symptoms were troubling enough to warrant an immediate evaluation .
At the hospital at the start of the Labor Day weekend , I was given exquisite nursing care and doctors worked diligently to rule out immediately life - threatening causes for my symptoms .
I was glad for the news on a couple of fronts but some troubling possibilities remained to be considered , and I felt awful .
Sometimes when you are feeling badly enough , you just want someone to find the issue and fix it , stop it and stop the pain .
This was n't so easy .
The cardiologist said he wanted more follow - up within a few days but that could be done as an out - patient for now .
But one of the other doctors was worried enough to try to urge me to stay a day or two longer in the hospital and have a more detailed gastric evaluation .
I argued that since it was the holiday weekend perhaps I could do that testing on an out - patient basis as well .
She did n't like that option but reluctantly agreed to send me home with a prescription for the oral medication they had been giving me intravenously in the hospital .
I said I would fill the prescription and make the follow - up appointments .
So we stopped at my pharmacy on the way home .
Mind you I had just saved my insurance company , Blue Cross , thousands of dollars by checking myself out of in - patient treatment , so I was feeling like I had been a responsible patient using resources prudently .
So imagine my outrage when my pharmacist told me that Blue Cross issued their denial of my prescription as it was processed from the pharmacy .
" They said no , " said the pharmacist .
" They said this medication needs prior authorization and then it may take three - to - five business days to get a decision . "
" What ? " I asked .
The pharmacist had already noted that I looked like I felt awful .
And so I did .
I was in no mood and in no condition to launch into a fight with Blue Cross .
I asked if there was any over - the - counter medication that would help .
The pharmacist offered one suggestion but acknowledged it would n't be exactly as the doctor ordered .
We drove home .
I felt too sick to even cry .
And too angry .
I called the 24/7 hotline Blue Cross has for asking a nurse .
I told the story .
I told Blue Cross ' nurse that I have a history of cancer and gastric surgery that makes medications and their absorption sometimes problematic for me and that 's why the doctors at a Johns Hopkins hospital facility ordered this medication for me .
She acknowledged that it was " ridiculous " for the denial to happen but then said she could do nothing to help .
" No one is in member services until Tuesday , " she said .
Talk about audacity .
There we have it .
I will go without .
I will go back to work .
I will drug myself with whatever I can find to give relief - maybe wisely and maybe not .
And I 'll wait for my follow - up tests to see what 's next for me .
And that is the crux of the matter for millions and millions of patients in these United States .
Those of us who are insured are at the mercy of the private , for - profit business machine that is private health insurance .
I would argue that many of the millions of folks who think they " like " their present insurance coverage have n't yet had it tested in a way that would show the true priorities .
Until we get the profit - mongers out of the examine rooms and hospitals , we are all at risk of being one Labor Day weekend illness away from tragedy .
Blue Cross and all the others will pull their for - profit triggers whenever they deem it necessary .
I hope the President and Congress know that and do what it right for us all .
We are better people than this , and healthcare is a basic human right not to be left in the hands of scoundrels .
_______
Donna Smith , American SiCKO
About author Donna Smith is a community organizer for the Donna Smith is a community organizer for the California Nurses Association and National Co-Chair for the Progressive Democrats of America Healthcare Not Warfare campaign
The whole saga around the rejection of the official Google Voice client for the iPhone continues to play a prominent role on many websites .
We all remember that the FCC had asked the three companies involved , AT&T , Google , and Apple , to answer a number of questions , but Google had censored a part of its letter .
The censored section has now been published by Google .
In the original replies to the FCC ’s questions , Apple stated that it had , in fact , not rejected Google ’s own official Google Voice client , but that it was still under consideration .
Google ’s answer to the relevant question which asked Google to divulge the reasons given by Apple for not approving the Google Voice application was censored by Google ’s request .
Several individuals filed Freedom of Information
Act requests to get the answer uncensored , and Google complied with these requests , and now the letter is on the FCC ’s website , uncensored .
This is how the answer goes :
Apple ’s representative informed Google that the Google Voice application was rejected because Apple believed the application duplicated the core dialer functionality of the iPhone .
The Apple representative indicated that the company did not want applications that could potentially replace such functionality . [..]
In a series of in - person meetings , phone calls and emails between July 5 and July 28 , 2009 , Apple and Google representative discussed the approval status of the Google Voice application that was submitted on June 2 , 2009 .
The primary points of contact between the two companies were Alan Eustace , Google Senior Vice President of Engineering and Research and Phil Schiller , Apple Senior Vice President of Worldwide Product Marketing .
On July 7 , Mr. Eustace and Mr. Schiller spoke over the phone .
It was during this call that Mr. Schiller informed Mr. Eustace that Apple was rejecting the Google Voice application for the reasons described above .
This is a direct contradiction with the words from Apple , who stated that the application was not rejected , but that it was still under consideration .
Google here states that the application was rejected , end of story .
When asked to comment on the now uncensored parts of Google ’s letters , an Apple spokesperson said :
We do not agree with all of the statements made by Google in their FCC letter .
Apple has not rejected the Google Voice application and we continue to discuss it with Google .
So , the big question now is , who is the one twisting the truth , or maybe even downright lying ?
While I do n’t really trust either of the two companies ( because they ’re companies ) , the appearances are against Apple ; in their letter to the FCC , they already lied about the Google Voice application “ replacing ” things like the dialer , while in fact , it only duplicates it by adding another , application - specific dialer .
In addition , as John Gruber pointed out , try searching the App Store for “ dialer ” .
Other complaints from Apple in their letter proved to be dubious too , such as the privacy concerns they raised about contacts being uploaded to Google Contacts .
This functionality has been part of iTunes for a while now , so the complaints raised by Apple were rather moot .
All in all though , we have to remember that we are dealing with companies here , and by definition , companies lie .
By policy , companies will lie and deceit until their pants combust , so it ’s really hard to tell who is telling the truth here .
What do you think ?
If a financial position is hidden , disguised , or in some manner unreported , does that mean it does not exist or is not impactful ?
Will the American taxpayer continue to bear the burden of unsafe and undisciplined lending and investment practices on behalf of our banking system without being able to demand truth and transparency ?
Make no mistake , these very practices have brought our economy and financial system to its knees and if the banking system continues to get its way , we will remain subject to the massive risks connected with them .
Let ’s navigate this corner of our economic landscape and see what the implications are going forward .
CFO
Magazine highlights the growing pressure from within the banking industry to delay the implementation of accounting rules requiring banks to bring investment positions onto the balance sheet and raise sufficient capital to support them .
In short , these accounting rules would strike at the nexus of the off - balance sheet vehicles which crippled many banks .
CFO reports :
Bank regulators are set to discuss accounting standards next week , with an aim toward determining the potential affects that off - balance - sheet rules may have on some financial institutions .
During the past year , bankers have fretted about new accounting rules that would force them to bring back on their balance sheets billions of dollars worth of assets — a move bankers have argued will throw regulatory capital ratios into chaos .
Bankers may fret , but taxpayers are picking up the tab on an ongoing basis .
If these bankers really want to see ‘ fretting , ’ then they should start talking to the American public .
Why are the bankers concerned about implementing these new accounting rules ?
They believe it will force them to raise new capital , dilute their stock value ( which will most likely negatively impact their own personal wealth ) , and increase the potential of a takeover or some other form of business transfer , including potential liquidation .
The bankers would prefer to continue to operate in an undercapitalized fashion while they ‘ hope and pray ’ for a turnaround in the housing market which is at the very core of their investment holdings and overall franchise .
CFO addresses these points in writing :
The new standards revise older accounting rules — specifically FAS 140 and FIN 46 ( R ) — changing the way , for example , companies define control over financial assets and liabilities , thereby causing some off - balance - sheet transactions to be consolidated back on to company financial statements .
The rule would likely have a large impact on banks , which frequently package up loans into securities .
The impact of the accounting rules on banks came to a head in May , when the Federal Reserve Board released the results of its so - called stress tests , which were performed on the 19 largest bank holding companies in the United States .
The unprecedented stress testing , officially dubbed the Supervisory Capital Assessment Program , incorporated several accounting changes into its modeling , including the potential effects of FAS 166 and FAS 167 .
In its summary report , the Fed concluded that the new FASB rules would require banks to reconsolidate off - balance - sheet assets tied to securitizations and SPEs .
So far , the estimates of how many billions of dollars would have to be reconsolidated vary , with the Fed guessing that an aggregate $ 700 billion worth of assets would be brought back on the balance sheets of the largest bank holding companies .
News reports have estimated the impact to be closer to $ 1 trillion worth of assets .
What are the practical implications of these past accounting practices which promoted off - balance sheet activities , as well as the FASB ’s relaxation of the mark - to - market ?
We need look no further than the lead article in this morning ’s Wall Street Journal , In New Phase of Crisis , Securities Sink Banks :
U.S. banks have been dying at the fastest rate since 1992 , mainly because of bad loans they made .
Now the banking crisis is entering a new stage , as lenders succumb to large amounts of toxic loans and securities they bought from other banks .
The WSJ is inaccurate in stating the banking crisis is entering a new stage .
The problems embedded in the investments and securities held within the banking system ( whether on balance sheet or off ) are not new .
The accounting rules and games played by the banks merely allowed them to be covered up .
We are way past the point when these games should be allowed to continue .
11 SHARES Share Tweet
Art therapists believe that through creative expression and by evoking one ’s imaginative abilities a person can live a greater life of physical , mental , and emotional well - being .
Depending on the patient ’s strengths and interests , certain art therapies may include any combination of dance , drama , music , writing , embroidery , and the visual arts ( drawing , painting , sculpting and photography ) .
Through these expressive mediums it has been shown that patients become better at reducing stress , managing behavior , developing interpersonal relationships , increasing self - esteem and self - awareness , improving problem - solving and other cognitive faculties , as well as achieving insight .
The arts have probably been used as a source of healing ever since they have come into existence ; but art therapy did not emerge as a distinct profession until the 1940s where psychotherapists began to take interest in the creative output of those with mental illnesses ( such as the famous Mexican artist Martin Ramirez who was diagnosed with schizophrenia ) as well as those on psychedelic drugs ( such as this government - mandated study on LSD ) .
Recently there has been a new Post Traumatic Stress Disorder ( PTSD ) program at the Landstuhl Regional Medical Center ( LRMC ) in Germany which includes art therapy techniques mixed with yoga , anger management , cognitive processing therapy and other treatments .
More amazingly , PBS ’ Wide Angle , Focal Point documentary did a segment on how art therapy has even been used to reform terrorists ( out of over 200 patients who have completed the program only 5 % have relapsed ! ) :
FOR MORE RESOURCES ON ART THERAPY PLEASE CHECK OUT :
Interview with schizophrenic patient and art therapist on WebMD
American Art Therapy Association
Academic Journal Of The AATA
Find A Credentialed Art Therapist
Stay updated on new articles and resources in psychology and self improvement from The Emotion Machine :
Funny you should ask ....
May be helping a friend lay on a pitched roof on his " mobile " home .
His place is not going anywhere , so a pitched roof is going to give him some insulation space , a couple of skylights & better shedding of rain & snow ..
He said a pitched roof is only a problem if it will exceed transport height of a mobile unit .
Has seen others do it .
But .. hes checking local codes & getting written permission from the lot owner .
Anyhow the plan is to lay a 12 " ridgeboard the length of the place & run 2x6 rafters w/ overhang , ply sheeting w/ tab shingles , gutters , soffits & all just like a regular roofing job .
Had the government not provided Residential Credit with the ability to borrow most of the money it needed at low interest rates , agency officials said , the investors would have probably paid about 20 cents on the dollar less than they did .
Agency officials said the same kind of deal could be used to buy up troubled assets from banks that are still in business , which was the original purpose of the $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program .
Since that program was approved by Congress last October , it has propped up banks , insurance companies , Wall Street firms and even car companies .
But it has not been used to buy any troubled assets .
The main reason has been reluctance by both banks and investors , and some industry executives said they were still skeptical .
Frank Pallotta , executive vice president of the Loan Value Group in Rumson , N.J. , which provides analysis of mortgage values , said that many investors were worried about the strings attached to government - backed deals .
One of the biggest strings is a requirement that the investors take part in the Obama administration ’s Home Affordable Modification Program , which subsidizes loan modifications for borrowers at risk of losing their houses to foreclosure .
“ The more active loan buyers are really not looking at these pools of loans , ” said Mr. Pallotta .
“ I do n’t think this sale is going to send investors off to the races . ”
Officials said about 30 percent of the loans in the deal on Wednesday were nonperforming , meaning that payments were not being made on them , but said that percentage could increase depending on how much the houses being financed had dropped in value .
About one - quarter of all homes are now under water , meaning that the property ’s current market value is less than the mortgage .
Because homeowners have much less incentive to stay in houses that are under water , investors have become extremely dubious about mortgages in areas where housing prices have fallen sharply , even if most of the borrowers are still current on their payments .
The Obama administration has been working for months on two separate programs under the rubric of public - private partnerships to mop up the immense volume of bad assets tied to the housing bubble .
( CNN ) -- A Georgia man allegedly slapped a toddler at a Walmart store because she would n't stop crying , authorities said .
Roger Stephens allegedly slapped a stranger 's crying toddler in a Walmart store in Stone Mountain , Georgia .
Roger Stephens , 61 , was arrested Monday and charged with first - degree cruelty to children .
An incident report obtained from police in Gwinnett County indicated Stephens did not know the 2 - year - old girl he stands accused of hitting .
The confrontation happened shortly before noon at the Walmart in Stone Mountain , a suburb of Atlanta .
According to the arresting officer , the child 's mother said her daughter was crying as they walked down one of the aisles .
The mother said a stranger later identified as Stephens approached them and said , " If you do n't shut the baby up , I will shut her up for you . "
Watch what the stranger said »
A few moments later , while the mother and the crying child were in another aisle , Stephens allegedly grabbed the girl and slapped her across the face .
Police said he hit her four or five times .
" See , I told you I would shut her up , " the suspect allegedly told the mother .
Authorities described " slight redness " to the toddler 's face .
Before he was arrested , Stephens apologized to the mother for striking the girl , the incident report said .
Stephens , a Stone Mountain resident , is being held by the Gwinnett County Sheriff 's Department .
Kate Mulgrew is familiar to science fiction fans as the actress who played Capt .
Kathryn Janeway in Star Trek : Voyager .
This video suggests that she 'll soon be haunting players of Dragon Age : Origins as the voice of Flemeth , the Witch of the Wilds , in the upcoming role - playing game from BioWare ( out on Xbox 360 and PCs Nov. 3 and later in November for PlayStation 3 ) .
The studio , responsible for such games as Mass Effect and Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic , released this video with Mulgrew and Tim Curry ( who voices the character Arl Howe ) in the recording studio working on the game .
Mulgrew also recently did a telephone interview with Game Hunters .
Here 's how it went .
How did you become involved with Dragon Age : Origins ?
Mulgrew : I was just offered the part and I thought she was so splendid .
Flemeth is a really interesting character and a very unusual kind of character for me .
And I love to use my voice in that way , that sort of harmonic way .
I also thought the people at BioWare were particularly professional .
I love their approach .
They gave me great license and they gave me great freedom in the booth .
And they gave me guidance .
It 's an actress dream just to shut the door , be in a little cave , turn on a dim light and have the script in front of you , which lends itself to instant relaxation , and then the imagination just soars .
To be given the backstory of this creature who is a witch ... a mysterious Witch of the Wilds , she is a powerful witch and she plays a pivotal role in the player 's survival in game .
The stakes are very high when Flemeth is present .
When I read that she had once loved deeply and that that love had been taken from her and this is her personal story of revenge and despair , of course , I was in heaven .
Taking all of that into consideration , this is a dream .
It 's great fun .
I know you have done voiceovers for some other video games in the past ( including Star Trek : Legacy , Star Trek Voyager : Elite Force ) ...
Mulgrew : I 've done a lot of voiceovers in my life .
I 've done a lot of cartoons .
I do n't know how many games , but this is certainly the most sophisticated game I have done done .
This is a kind of epic , dark , brutal , fantastic game that I probably would play .
I do n't think it 's traditional .
There 's nothing conventional about it .
It 's asking anyone who engages in this game to go a step further .
The challenges are both visceral and intellectual and also emotional .
That is the BioWare trademark , I think .
They are a bit famous for producing this kind of excellence .
One imagines immediately people playing it and how they are going to respond to this voice .
How is doing a part for a video game different than other performances ?
Mulgrew : I do n't have to get dressed ( in costume ) , learn a script or wear makeup .
It 's very , very immediate .
I liken it to telling a story to an extremely clever and advanced child who is demanding that I tell them an epic story on the spot .
One that will alter their lives .
So it is instant .
So I am calling on everything in my imagination , everything in my creative powers .
And the second that I am along in the booth with the engineer , it is very strange and hard to explain this , it 's a flight but a different flight .
Do you play video games ?
Mulgrew : I do n't play them myself , which is why I think my providing the voice for them is more appropriate in a way .
I do n't think a gamer could actually create a creature in a game .
It has to be different level , a professional , artistic mind , I think , at work .
Do you and other actors talk about how video games have changed entertainment landscape ?
Mulgrew : I talk a lot to my sons who are of this age , far more than I am .
But , yes , actors talk about it .
I do n't think anything can replace or alter the rudimentary human need to see other human beings recreate for them what they themselves have felt .
This is a fundamental thing , the Greeks understood it and we will die as a species understanding this .
Video games are a marriage of technological advancement and storytelling .
It 's as if technology himself is a genius and he is just exercising this capacity to make wonderful video games as his right .
...
The reason I think the BioWare people are particularly smart is that they are trying to enhance it .
They understand that it is about telling a story and getting engaged in the telling of the story .
So , no it is not going to change the nature of theater , but it is going to change the nature of , probably , technology .
Mulgrew can be seen on the new NBC TV series Mercy ( Wednesdays at 8 p.m. ET ) .
She is also supporting the drive for an Alzheimer 's disease cure .
" I 'm working with a small group of very advanced neuroscientists out of the University of Minnesota ( Medical Center ) Hospital , " she said .
" This is galvanizing work and very challenging , very demanding . "
An acting teacher at Fordham University and a regular performer on stage , She says that " I would love to do more games .
It 's like the frosting on the cake of a career . "
Find out more about Kate Mulgrew on her web site here .
By Mike Snider
The very notion of a Roman Catholic patron saint of AIDS / HIV seems paradoxical .
Pope Benedict XVI , in his former life as Cardinal Ratzinger ( and prefect of the Doctrinal Congregation ) was known for his 1988 Letter on “ The Many Faces of AIDS , ” in which rejection of condom usage was a key point ; the Church ’s active rejection of safe — or safer — sex was ( and is ) , of course , centrally important in the American experience of AIDS .
Indeed , such views have global significance given that Catholicism offered ( and offers ) much of the social and health infrastructure across significant portions of Africa .
To reject widely recognized prevention strategies , not to mention contraception , places lives at risk .
That was then , this is now , you say ?
No .
In his current role , Pope Benedict ’s views remain deeply problematic .
And yet , on October 11 , 2009 , the Catholic Church , led by this same Pope Benedict , will canonize a man some have called the patron saint of people with AIDS / HIV .
In this , the Church both avoids its own horrifying history and brings closer those many men and women who are Catholic and yet refuse to follow the hierarchy into some of its excesses .
Those , that is , who are not only not homophobic or sexist , but actively work to claim the Church as their own just Church ( like the women and men of ACT UP in the late 1980s who argued they WERE the church ) .
Not my view , as a secular person , but certainly the other side of the paradox of a church that canonizes ( and ministers ) while reviling .
Who is this surprising saint ?
Father Damien de Veuster ( 1840 - 1889 ) , also known as the Blessed Damien of Molokai ( an island in Hawaii ) .
The patron saint of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Honolulu and Hawaii , Damien was a Belgian priest of the Congregation of the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary , known for his missionary work with lepers beginning in 1873 .
He himself eventually died from Hansen ’s disease , known then as leprosy .
During his lifetime , some vilified Damien for his association with persons who suffered from a disease seen as the result of undue sexual licentiousness on the part of Hawaiians .
( He was defended by Robert Louis Stevenson from claims of his unworthiness in 1890 . )
We have , of course , come to understand Hansen ’s disease , and colonial attitudes towards indigenous peoples such as Hawaiians , ( we hope ) in new ways .
So , too , have we many moved beyond the Protestant anti-Catholicism , to which some of the contemporary criticism of Father Damien has been attributed .
Pope Paul VI recognized Damien as “ venerable ” in 1977 , and John Paul II beatified him in 1995 .
At the latter ceremony , the Belgian people returned a relic , the right hand of Father Damien , to Molokai .
( His heel , though , will be shown at a church in Detroit shortly after the canonization , and in San Francisco thereafter . )
Today , there are institutions organized to address AIDS / HIV that are named after the Belgian missionary , including Damien Ministries .
Indeed , Damien Ministries is celebrating its 20th year of caring for persons with AIDS / HIV .
And , what some claim to be the world ’s only Roman Catholic chapel memorializing persons who have died from HIV / AIDS , at Montreal ’s Eglise Saint - Pierre - Apotre , is consecrated to this same soon - to - be saint .
( An Episcopal memorial chapel is also named for him . )
Father Damien ’s canonization will occur October 11 at a ceremony beginning at 10 a.m. in St. Peter ’s Square .
As the Catholic World Service has noted , eleven lepers and nine Boy Scouts from the Saint Damien Boy Scouts of Oahu will be in attendance .
( Yes , paradox arises yet again : lepers and a boys from a notably homophobic organization ) .
So , canonization .
On the one hand , critiques of the use of leprosy as an analogy for HIV / AIDS , beginning at least as early as Susan Sontag ’s influential work , AIDS and Its Metaphors ; and on the other , increasingly literal links between the two diseases , including evidence of leprosy itself as an opportunistic infection associated with AIDS and a connection between “ AIDS drugs ” and leprosy .
On the one hand , decades of caring for people with AIDS and HIV .
On the other hand , ringing words not of canonization but of the exclusion of many , many , people .
On the one hand , a history of stigma and confusing of disease with identity ; on the other hand , human rights .
On the one hand , the use of biblical argumentation about leprosy to direct those who take that text seriously to treat persons with AIDS humanely — and of the parallel to improve the situation of people who too often say they are “ tired of being treated like a leper ” ( as a doctor early in the pandemic reported in his article entitled “ When Fear Conquers : A Doctor Learns About AIDS from Leprosy ” ) .
And , on the other hand , well , Pope Benedict XVI .
On the one hand , an official saint of lepers and Hawaii .
On the other hand , an unofficial saint of HIV / AIDS .
Canonization as metaphor ?
As hope ?
As disfigurement ?
As cover -up ?
What would Father Damien think ?
“ When I first met the lead developer at my new job , we had a very long and very good conversation about code quality , ” Ben Stilgar wrote .
“ He and I just seemed to click , especially when it came to self - documenting code : architecture should balance functionality and understandability , program flow should be optimized only after performance problem , and code should be clear and understandable , even if it takes longer to write . ”
“ You can imagine my excitement when it came time to opening The System , which was the lead developer ’s masterpiece and culminated over a decade of design and development experience into a clean , almost - perfect application .
You can also imagine my disappointment when I finally dived in and learned exactly what he meant by self - documenting code . ”
switch ( mIntegrationDirection ) { case InventoryIntegrationDirection.DoTheSameChangeInShop : DoTheSameChangeInShop( GetChangedDataFromInventory( mLastSynchDate ) ) ; break ; case InventoryIntegrationDirection.DoTheSameChangeInInventory : DoTheSameChangeInInventory ( GetChangedDataFromShop( mLastSynchDate ) ) ; break ; case InventoryIntegrationDirection.DoTheSameChangeInShopThenDoTheSameChangeInInventoryForNotChangedDataInInventory : DoTheSameChangeInShopThenDoTheSameChangeInInventoryForNotChangedDataInInventory ( GetChangedDataFromInventory( mLastSynchDate ) , GetChangedDataFromShop( mLastSynchDate ) ) ; break ; case InventoryIntegrationDirection.DoTheSameChangeInInventoryThenDoTheSameChangeInShopForNotChangedData : DoTheSameChangeInInventoryThenDoTheSameChangeInShopForNotChangedData( GetChangedDataFromShop( mLastSynchDate ) , GetChangedDataFromInventory ( mLastSynchDate ) ) ; break ; default : break ; }
Ben added , “ when the lead developer asked for my feedback , I gritted my teeth and smiled , doing my best to compliment - but - not - compliment the design .
He responded , ‘ and the best thing is , with code like this , there is no need to write a single comment , anywhere . ’
I ’m not sure if there was n’t a need to have comments … but I can say that there was n’t a single comment , anywhere . ”
Vancouver , B.C. – Vancouver Canucks President & General Manager Mike Gillis announced that the Canucks have reduced their pre-season roster by one player today .
The Canucks now have 28 players on their pre-season roster .
The following player has been assigned to the Brampton Battalion of the OHL :
Cody Hodgson , Centre
This week the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation announced bleak results in its annual “ Where We Are On T.V. ” report .
GLAAD estimates that 3 percent of all scripted characters on T.V. are LGBT , for a total of 18 recurring characters .
Of those 18 , only five are women .
For mainstream cable the numbers have decreased , from 32 recurrent characters the previous year to a mere 25 for 2009 .
And while the results are less than stellar , one new show that is presenting a positive image for LGBT people is Glee .
The lead singer of the glee club , Rachel , is the daughter of two gay men .
Kurt , a recurrent gay character , grapples with his sexuality and coming out to his less - than - pleased papa .
The show also features Jane Lynch , out lesbian actress and Joyce Wischnia from The L Word .
And with a musical break every 15 minutes and guest stars like Broadway ’s Kristin Chenoweth , it may just be the queerest thing on network T.V .
Americans are about to re-learn that bank deposit insurance is n't free , even as Washington is doing its best to delay the coming bailout .
The banking system and the federal fisc would both be better off in the long run if the political class owned up to the reality .
We 're referring to the federal deposit insurance fund , which has been shrinking faster than reservoirs in the California drought .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. reported late last week that the fund that insures some $ 4.5 trillion in U.S. bank deposits fell ...
Our traditional justice system has been inadequate to the task of breaking the cycle of substance abuse and crime .
Four out of every five offenses are committed by someone with a drug or alcohol problem ; and we just keep locking them up !
…
Given the abysmal outcomes of incarceration on addictive behavior , there 's absolutely no justification for state governments to continue to waste tax dollars feeding a situation where generational recidivism is becoming the norm and parents , children and grandparents may find themselves locked up together .
Why …is the Obama administration proposing to spend an even higher percentage of its anti-drug resources on law enforcement than the administration of George W. Bush ?
…
Mr. Kerlikowske has said , " It is only through a balanced approach - combining tough but fair enforcement with robust prevention and treatment - that we will be successful in stemming both demand and supply of illegal drugs . "
Yet , in the 2010 budget , there is a 3.3 percent reduction in treatment and prevention initiatives since 2008 , exacerbating the bias toward enforcement , which now represents 65.6 percent of the budget , even higher than the last administration 's 62.3 percent .
Some interesting comments from former drug czar Barry McCaffrey at Huffington Post And here 's Robert Weiner , former spokesman at the drug czar 's office , writing in the Baltimore Sun So why are these prominent drug warriors now criticizing U.S. drug policy for its perpetual focus on enforcement and incarceration ?
The short answer is probably that they now work as consultants with clients in the drug treatment industry who love seeing editorials like these .
But I 'd like to think that on some level they feel maybe just a little bit responsible for their role in filling our prisons with an unfathomable number of people who do n't belong there .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The entire banking industry " owes the real world an apology " , the chairman of HSBC has said .
Stephen Green told BBC World Business
Report that a change in culture was needed to improve the public 's perception of bankers .
He also said that London was secure as a major financial centre , but would lose market share as Asia developed .
Last month , HSBC announced that its chief executive Michael Geoghan would move to Hong Kong from London .
But Mr Green said the bank 's decision did not mean it was turning its back on London .
" Two - thirds of our business is in Asia .
It 's where we think the centre of gravity of the world 's economy is shifting , " he said .
' Learn the lessons '
Mr Green , in Istanbul for the annual meetings of the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund , admitted the banking industry collectively owed the world an apology for the financial crisis .
" It also owes the real world a commitment to learn the lessons .
Some of them are about governance and ethics and culture within the industry , " he said .
" You can't do all this simply by rules and regulations . "
However , commenting on increased regulations for banks , Mr Green said it was " inevitable " that regulators as well as the banks themselves could learn from the crisis .
He added that the industry needed to " pay much more attention to liquidity " than it had done previously .
On Monday , the Financial Services Authority in the UK published new rules governing funding standards at banks and building societies , stating that banks should hold more assets that were truly liquid , such as government bonds .
" I have had three miscarriages and lost five children within a week of their births , " says Hira Hansda , a miner 's wife .
" Even after 20 years of marriage we have no children today . "
Now in her late forties , she sits outside her mud hut in Jadugoda Township , site of one of the oldest uranium mines in India .
The Uranium Corporation of India Limited ( UCIL ) operates that mine , part of a cluster of four underground and one open cast mines and two processing plants , in East Singbhum district in the Eastern Indian state of Jharkhand .
The deepest plunges almost one kilometer into the earth .
Incorporated as a public sector enterprise under the Department of Atomic Energy ( DAE ) in 1967 , UCIL has sole responsibility for mining and processing all of India 's uranium .
And since the strength of the Jadugoda region 's uraninite ore is extremely low , it takes many tons of earth as well as complex metallurgical processes to yield even a small amount of useable uranium ore - along with tons of radioactive waste , disposed of in unlined tailing dams .
UCIL processes the ore into yellowcake and sends it to the Nuclear Fuel Complex in Hyderabad , where it is officially designated for use in nuclear reactors .
But it is an open secret that some of the nuclear material becomes the key ingredient in India 's nuclear arsenal .
( India is one of only three states - along with Israel and Pakistan - that are not signatories to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons .
North Korea withdrew from the Treaty in 2003 . )
Unhealthy Villages
Radiation and health experts across the world charge that toxic materials and radioactivity released by the mining and processing operations are causing widespread infertility , birth defects and cancers .
A 2008 health survey by the Indian chapter of International Physicians for Prevention of Nuclear War ( IPPNW ) , found that " primary sterility was found to be more common in the people residing near uranium mining operations area . "
Jadugoda residents Kaderam Tudu and his wife , Munia , considered themselves fortunate when their infant was born alive , until , " I found that my baby son did not have his right ear and instead in its place was a blob of flesh , " says Tudu , a day worker in his late thirties .
Their son , Shyam Tudu , now eight , has a severe hearing impairment .
Even children who appear healthy are impacted .
" The youths from our villages have become victims of social ostracism , " says Parvati Manjhi , and cannot find spouses .
" And a number of our girls have been abandoned by their husbands , when they failed to give birth , " Now middle - aged , Parvati and her husband , Dhuwa Manjhi , who used to work for UCIL , are childless .
Harrowing tales fill the region around the mines , and add irony to the area 's name , Jharkhand , which in the local tribal language means " forest endowed with nature 's bounties . "
If the lush land was the indigenous population 's boon for centuries , its rich mineral reserves have become their bane .
Six decades of industrialization has depleted the forest cover , degraded the environment , displaced tribal peoples - who along with Dalit ( " untouchables " ) form an oppressed underclass - and devastated a way of life deeply interwoven with nature .
Despite India 's economic boom and proximity to one of the country 's richest mineral reserves , the villages in Jharkhand are now among the poorest in the country , according to the Center For Science & Environment 's ( New Delhi ) 2008 report " Rich Lands Poor People . "
Uranium Corporation of India Limited in Jharkhand
UCIL 's underground mines in Jadugoda , Bhatin , Turamdhih , Narwapahar , and its open cast mine at Banduhurang extract 1,000 tons per day ( TPD ) of uranium ore .
Two underground mines in the pipeline at Baghjata and Mahuldih will boost that amount .
The ore is processed at the Jadugoda and Turamdih mills with a combined capacity of 5,000 TDP .
The company earned $ 64 million in 2007 - 08 , and made a $ 3 million profit .
The 20 - year lease for UCIL 's mines was up in 2007 , and a new application is being processed .
Under it , the company wants to add 6.37 hectares to tailing dam capacity and expand production , according to UCIL Chairman and Managing Director Ramendra Gupta .
This move requires an Environmental Impact Assessment ( EIA ) and Environmental Management Plan ( EMP ) drawn up by the Central Institute of Mining & Fuel Research ( CIMFR ) , along with a public hearing .
Addressing the affected community at the May public hearing in Jadugoda , the company represented the local plans as " a marginal expansion . "
But the UCIL website promises " a quantum leap in UCIL 's activities " that includes plans to " deepen the existing mines , expand its processing facilities , " and " not only opening new mines , but also the development of the community around its operations . "
While the company has created local schools and provides jobs and social services , villagers who attended the hearing argued that these provisions do not compensate for the health effects and destruction of their way of life .
" Why are we being made to pay such a heavy price , for so many decades " ?
Asks Hira Hansda , speaking of her three miscarriages and birth to five infants that quickly died .
Her husband Sonaram worked at the tailing dam as a casual employee between 1984 - 87 , and like many villagers , he links the deterioration in local health conditions to the arrival of the uranium mines .
The last three surveys conducted in the area found increased radiation levels .
Heavy Security at UCIL 's Public Hearing Keeps Villagers Out
The public hearing on UCIL 's new application took place at the heavily fortified camp of the Central India Security Force ( CISF ) within the UCIL colony at Jadugoda .
Conducted by the Jharkhand State Pollution Control Board , the proceedings were marked by restrictions on personal liberties under sections of a law applying to situations with the potential to cause civil unrest .
Leaving little room for the public or protesters , the hall was packed with hundreds of UCIL workers and other company beneficiaries who held placards reading : " When compared to hunger , pollution is a small issue , " and " Save UCIL . "
Those who had lost their lands and health to the mines were physically barred from the tent .
Outside the proceedings , protesters shouted : " Do not destroy our land , " " No uranium , no uranium waste , no weapons , care for the future . "
Many indigenous villagers waved the banner of the Jharkhandi Organization Against Radiation ( JOAR ) , winner of the Germany - based Nuclear Free Future Award for its long crusade against the hazards of uranium mining in Jadugoda .
The protesters denounced the hearing as " a farce " and demanded that it be immediately stopped .
Villager and JOAR president , Ghanashyam Biruli , issued the demands : no new uranium mines , bring the existing mine under international safety guidelines , return unused tribal land , provide livelihood and rehabilitation to displaced people , clean up the contamination , commission an independent study of environmental contamination and health effects , and monitor water bodies to ensure that the radionuclides do not seep into the aquifer that is the lifeline of more than 100,000 people .
The activists also argued that since the country can buy uranium on the international market , there is no compelling need to expand UCIL 's capacity .
The real compelling need , they asserted , was protecting health and the environment .
The 2008 health survey by the Indian chapter of International Physicians for Prevention of Nuclear War ( IPPNW ) provided clear evidence , finding that :
* Couples living near the mines were " 1.58 times more vulnerable to primary sterility " with 9.6 percent of couples in study villages unable to conceive after three years of marriage , compared with 6.27 percent in a reference ( control ) group .
* Birth defects followed a similar pattern with 1.84 times higher incidence : " [ B] abies from mothers , who lived near uranium mining operation area , suffered a significant increase in congenital deformities , " according to the report .
While 4.49 percent of mothers living in the study villages reported bearing children with congenital deformities , only 2.49 percent of mothers in reference villages fell under this category . "
The national rate for people with disabilities ( including congenital deformities ) is 3 percent , according to official government statistics .
* Deformed babies near the mining operations are almost 6 times more likely to die , with 9.25 percent mothers in the study villages reporting congenital deformities as the cause of death of their children .
In the reference village , mothers reported 1.70 percent of babies died of deformities .
* Cancer deaths were also higher : 2.87 percent of households in study villages attributed the cause of death to be cancer , compared to 1.89 percent in the reference village .
These factors contributed to a lowered life expectancy .
In the study villages 68.33 percent of the population died before reaching the state 's average life expectancy : 62 years old .
UCIL Denies Contamination
Despite such alarming reports , radiation data are not made public because they fall under the purview of the Atomic Energy Act of 1962 .
UCIL / DAE ( Department of Atomic Energy ) also cites security concerns for refusing to release data on health of the workers .
But Buddha Weeps in Jadugoda , a 1999 award - winning film by Shri Prakash documented that , despite a law mandating regular monitoring , in the last five - to ten - year period few workers underwent blood and urine tests to assess the impact of radiation .
Independent scientists have confirmed the danger .
Professor Hiroaki Koide , from the Research Reactor Institute , Kyoto University , Japan , sampled soil and air in the surrounding villages and documented that " The circumference of tailing ponds is impacted with uranium radiation .
The strength of the radiation is of 10 to 100 times high in comparison to places without contamination .
... There are places where uranium concentration is high in the road or the riverside , and it is thought that tailings are used for construction material , " including on villagers ' houses . "
Tailings are production waste material that , according to critics are unsafely stored , dumped , and used for landfills , roads and construction .
UCIL Technical Director D Acharya denied that the company was responsible for radiological contamination .
" UCIL 's safety and pollution control measures are at par with the international standards , comparable at any point of time , " he said .
The company is dealing with naturally occurring materials , he noted , the very low grade ore extracted is a minimal environmental hazard , and the company is not enriching the ore in Jadugoda .
But tacitly acknowledging the risks , UCIL head , Gupta , noted in the 2008 Annual Report that " External gamma radiation , Radon concentration , suspended particulate matters , airborne long lived Alpha activity and concentration of radio nuclides - uranium and Radium in surface and ground water , in soil and food items etc are monitored regularly . "
Although he presented no evidence , UCIL Technical Director Acharya said that allegations of health problems are canards spread by anti-uranium lobbies , and that the physical fitness of the employees can be gauged the UCIL football team 's success in winning the DAE tournaments for the past five years .
" From time to time we have also conducted structured health surveys and examinations , by independent sources , " said Acharya .
" One was done by the erstwhile Bihar Assembly , about ten years ago , but the findings are absolutely normal . "
( The area was part of Bihar at the time . )
" The effects of radiation are being constantly monitored by independent watchdogs , and there are health physics experts who are always with us , for round - the clock - vigil of the situation .
Hence , there is really no cause of concern , " he added .
That is not the experience of many villagers , who link serious health problems to the mines .
Like many of the women in the surrounding areas , Hansda 's pregnancies were a time of terror .
" It fills within us fear and apprehensions of the possible ordeal that may be in store .
Who knows what would be the fate of the baby , " she said .
AMP Section Name : Natural Resources
The American news business today finds itself trapped in a grim paradox .
Financially , its prospects have never seemed bleaker .
By some measures , the first quarter of 2009 was the worst ever for newspapers , with sales plunging $ 2.6 billion .
Last year , circulation dropped on average by 4.6 percent on weekdays and 4.8 percent on Sundays .
Earlier this year , Detroit ’s two daily papers reduced home delivery to three days a week , the Seattle Post - Intelligencer ended its print edition , and the Rocky Mountain News shut down altogether .
This summer , The Boston Globe , which is losing more than $ 50 million a year , survived only by giving in to the draconian cutbacks demanded by its owner , the New York Times Company , while the Times itself , weighed down by the Globe , had to take out a $ 250 million loan from Carlos Slim Helú , Mexico ’s richest man , at a junk - bond - level interest rate of 14 percent a year .
Yet amid all this gloom , statistics from the Internet suggest that interest in news has rarely been greater .
According to one survey , Internet users in 2008 spent fifty - three minutes a week reading newspapers online , up from forty - one minutes in 2007 .
And the traffic at the top fifty news Web sites increased by 27 percent .
While this growth cut across all age groups , the Pew Project for Excellence in Journalism found , “ it was fueled in particular by young people . ”
The MTV generation , known for its indifference to news , has given way to the Obama generation , which craves it , and for an industry long reconciled to the idea of its customers dying off , the reengagement of America ’s young offers a rare ray of hope .
How could the financial fortunes of a $ 50 billion–plus industry decline so swiftly while its product remains so prized ?
The most immediate explanation is the collapse of what has long been the industry ’s economic base : advertising .
The traditional three staples of newspaper advertising — automotive , employment , and real estate — have all drastically declined , thanks to Craigslist , eBay , the travails of Detroit , and the consolidation of department stores ( resulting in fewer retail ad pages ) .
Meanwhile , the steady expansion of space on the Internet has caused online ad rates to crash , and these are not expected to recover even when the economy as a whole does .
The fall - off in ad revenues has been compounded by another phenomenon that newspaper executives would rather not discuss : their own greed .
The relentless stress placed on acquisition and consolidation , which dominated the industry for decades , helped drain money out of newsrooms and into the pockets of shareholders .
It also shifted the locus of decision - making from locally based citizens to distant corporate boards .
Most harmful of all , efforts to build large media conglomerates have saddled newspaper companies with astounding levels of debt , much of it taken on to buy other newspaper companies .
The Tribune Company has been in bankruptcy court since October , wrestling with the fallout from Sam Zell ’s highly leveraged purchase of Times Mirror , while McClatchy Newspapers , having paid top dollar for the Knight Ridder chain , has …
NO SERIOUS person thinks that Afghanistan - remote , impoverished , barely qualifying as a nation - state - seriously matters to the United States .
Yet with the war in its ninth year , the passions raised by the debate over how to proceed there are serious indeed .
Afghanistan elicits such passions because people understand that in rendering his decision on Afghanistan , President Obama will declare himself on several much larger issues .
In this sense , Afghanistan is a classic proxy war , with the main protagonists here in the United States .
The question of the moment , framed by the prowar camp , goes like this :
Will the president approve the Afghanistan strategy proposed by his handpicked commander General Stanley McChrystal ?
Or will he reject that plan and accept defeat , thereby inviting the recurrence of 9/11 on an even larger scale ?
Yet within this camp the appeal of the McChrystal plan lies less in its intrinsic merits , which are exceedingly dubious , than in its implications .
If the president approves the McChrystal plan he will implicitly :
■ Anoint counterinsurgency - protracted campaigns of armed nation - building - as the new American way of war .
■ Embrace George W. Bush ’s concept of open - ended war as the essential response to violent jihadism ( even if the Obama White House has jettisoned the label “ global war on terror ’ ’ ) .
■ Affirm that military might will remain the principal instrument for exercising American global leadership , as has been the case for decades .
Implementing the McChrystal plan will perpetuate the longstanding fundamentals of US national security policy : maintaining a global military presence , configuring US forces for global power projection , and employing those forces to intervene on a global basis .
The McChrystal plan modestly updates these fundamentals to account for the lessons of 9/11 and Iraq , cultural awareness and sensitivity nudging aside advanced technology as the signature of American military power , for example .
Yet at its core , the McChrystal plan aims to avert change .
Its purpose - despite 9/11 and despite the failures of Iraq - is to preserve the status quo .
Hawks understand this .
That ’s why they are intent on framing the debate so narrowly - it ’s either give McChrystal what he wants or accept abject defeat .
It ’s also why they insist that Obama needs to decide immediately .
Yet people in the antiwar camp also understand the stakes .
Obama ran for the presidency promising change .
The doves sense correctly that Obama ’s decision on Afghanistan may well determine how much - if any - substantive change is in the offing .
If the president assents to McChrystal ’s request , he will void his promise of change at least so far as national security policy is concerned .
The Afghanistan war will continue until the end of his first term and probably beyond .
It will consume hundreds of billions of dollars .
It will result in hundreds or perhaps thousands more American combat deaths - costs that the hawks are loath to acknowledge .
As the fighting drags on from one year to the next , the engagement of US forces in armed nation - building projects in distant lands will become the new normalcy .
Americans of all ages will come to accept war as a perpetual condition , as young Americans already do .
That “ keeping Americans safe ’ ’ obliges the United States to seek , maintain , and exploit unambiguous military supremacy will become utterly uncontroversial .
If the Afghan war then becomes the consuming issue of Obama ’s presidency - as Iraq became for his predecessor , as Vietnam did for Lyndon Johnson , and as Korea did for Harry Truman - the inevitable effect will be to compromise the prospects of reform more broadly .
At home and abroad , the president who advertised himself as an agent of change will instead have inadvertently erected barriers to change .
As for the American people , they will be left to foot the bill .
This is a pivotal moment in US history .
Americans owe it to themselves to be clear about what is at issue .
That issue relates only tangentially relates to Al Qaeda , the Taliban , or the well - being of the Afghan people .
The real question is whether “ change ’ ’ remains possible .
Andrew J. Bacevich is professor of history and international relations at Boston University .
His new book “ Washington Rules : America ’s Path to Permanent War ’’ is forthcoming .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
WASHINGTON  Bowing to political pressure from community bankers , the House Financial Services Committee approved an exemption on Thursday for more than 98 percent of the nation ’s banks from oversight by a new agency created to protect consumers from abusive or deceptive credit cards , mortgages and other loans .
The carve - out in legislation overhauling the regulatory system would prevent the new consumer financial protection agency from conducting annual examinations of the lending practices at more than 8,000 of the nation ’s 8,200 banks , leaving only the largest banks and other lenders subject to the agency ’s examiners .
Earlier in the day , the committee completed its work on a different contentious provision of the legislation when , on a nearly straight party - line vote of 43 to 26 , it approved tougher regulations over the derivatives market .
That provision , too , contained exemptions for many businesses .
The exemption for the banks was endorsed by the chairman , Representative Barney Frank of Massachusetts , who saw it as necessary to win support for the overall bill from the committee ’s moderate and conservative Democrats .
Their support is particularly important because the Republicans are unified against the legislation .
I do n't mind spending some time
Just hanging here with you
Cuz I do n't find too many guys
That treat me like you do
Those other guys all wanna take me for a ride
But when I walk their talk is suicide
Some people never get beyond their stupid pride
But you can see the real me inside
And I 'm satisfied , oh no , ohh
In the Aeroplane Over the Sea
Neutral Milk Hotel
Neutral Milk Hotel
4chan is the anonymous Internet forum known for its pranks , its hacking , and the Rickroll .
While its content and discussion is not suitable for children , it is a popular and important piece of web culture .
AT&T does n't seem to like 4 chan , though .
According to the Los Angeles Metblogs , AT&T DSL users are unable to access anything on the img.4 chan.org subdomain if they live in Southern California .
If true , this essentially blocks 4 chan 's most popular and controversial forum , /b/.
It looks like a censorship battle is brewing , especially since 4 chan users are aware of the apparent block by AT&T .
The LA Metblogs has compiled several sources that apparently confirm AT&T has blocked img.4 chan at the ISP level , including reports from multiple Twitter users who cannot access 4 chan and even calls to their help desk .
We 've also seen reports on Reddit .
While we cannot confirm this news ( or if true whether AT&T did this on purpose ) , it 's still a troubling report , especially if you believe this is censorship by a major ISP .
The 4 chan ban does n't seem to affect AT&T Wireless ( aka your iPhone ) or most regions .
It 's very likely that this is only the beginning .
4 Chan is notorious for Internet attacks , and from the looks of at least one 4 chan thread , they are not happy at all .
AT&T should clarify whether or not they blocked img.4chan , and if they did , who is affected and why they blocked it before things get out of hand or servers get hacked .
Are you an AT&T customer and having problems reaching 4 chan ?
How will 4 Chan react ?
Could this all be a hoax orchestrated by 4 chan ( it 's possible ) ?
There 're a lot of questions to be answered , so leave us your thoughts in the comments .
Note :
We called AT&T , but were unable to confirm or debunk the reports since we do not have AT&T High - Speed Internet accounts
( CNN ) -- Searchers in California say they have found and identified the wreck of a fighter jet that disappeared into the Pacific Ocean near Los Angeles International Airport nearly 54 years ago .
Searchers found the wreckage of a T - 33A jet on the Santa Monica Bay floor .
The jet disappeared in 1955 .
The searchers were looking for another missing plane when they came upon the wreckage of a Lockheed T - 33A jet trainer , said Pat Macha , an aircraft archeologist who has identified about 3,700 crash sites and visited more than 800 .
" It 's a funky thing , " Macha said Tuesday .
" You 're looking for one aircraft , and you find another . "
The T - 33 disappeared shortly after taking off on an early - morning training navigation flight October 15 , 1955 , an Air Force Aircraft Accident Report says .
Two crewmen were aboard .
The plane had been presumed lost at sea all these years .
The discovery started this year near Austin , Texas , where computer expert Gary Fabian found " what looked like a few little pixels " on a high - definition U.S. Geological Survey image of the Santa Monica Bay ocean floor .
Fabian is the founder of a group of unpaid sleuths who discovered a missing World War I German U - boat off the California coast in 2003 .
The group , known as UB88.org , has continued to search for other wrecks .
Before moving to Texas , Fabian became interested in military aircraft wrecks and found Macha about five years ago in Huntington Beach , California .
Macha told him about his search for the wreckage of a P - 51D Mustang fighter flown by World War II Women 's Air Force Service pilot Gertrude V. " Tommy " Tompkins Silver .
The plane was presumed lost at sea in 1944 .
Of the 38 WASP pilots who lost their lives in World War II , Macha said , Silver 's is the only wreckage that has not been found .
Macha has been searching for the wreckage for 11 years .
Silver 's 100 - year - old sister lives in Florida , Macha said , and he would like to find the wreckage so she can know what happened .
From Texas , Fabian sent the map info to Ray Arntz , owner and operator of a southern California dive company and a fellow member of UB88.org .
Arntz and some his employees set out to search three wrecks using side - scan sonar .
Two turned out to be boats .
They were n't sure about the third .
" I just grabbed a tank and went down to look at it , " Arntz said .
He saw a fairly compact debris field with a lot of aluminum , which indicated that it was an airplane .
Then he saw landing gear .
" ' It 's an airplane , ' I said to myself .
' How do we go from here ? ' "
A manufacturer 's number on a feed mechanism for a 50 - caliber machine gun started him and the others toward piecing together what they had found .
The engine appeared to be a jet , so he knew it was n't the Mustang , which had a propeller motor .
By that point , Arntz said , " We know it 's not what we 're looking for . "
The manufacturer 's number indicated that it was a T - 33 Shooting Star .
Researching government documents , the searchers found that a T - 33 had disappeared in the area .
" It just matched what we had , " Arntz said .
" The T - 33 was it . "
That was about a month ago .
The searchers kept quiet about their find until family members could be notified .
Macha said he spoke with a relative of one of the two crew members a few days ago .
The Air Force accident report identifies the pilots as Lt. Richard Martin Theiler and Lt. Paul Dale Smith .
Theiler had 1,244 hours of flying experience , and Smith had 430 .
Another volunteer group called Missing Aircraft Search Team also helped find the wreckage .
The searchers had another reason for initially keeping silent about their find .
" We 're trying to quietly do this stuff and move on so the sites do n't get ravaged , " Arntz said .
The group also found a B - 36 Peacemaker bomber near San Diego last year .
The plane disappeared in 1952 .
For the three searchers , finding wrecks is an unpaid passion .
" We do this fairly consistently , " said Arntz , 61 .
" As amateurs , this is our form of recreation . "
Said Fabian with a laugh , " It 's an absolutely money - losing proposition . "
Fabian , 46 , is an ex-sports fisherman who says he has an " obsession " with the water and an " interest in the maritime history of Southern California . "
Macha , 64 , says he got interested in aircraft wrecks in the 1960s when he found a crash site while working in a Boy Scout camp in the San Bernardino Mountains .
There are 2,500 crash sites in California , he said , where all or parts of an airplane still remain .
Some of them are chronicled on his Web site , aircraftwrecks.com .
All About Los Angeles • U.S. Air Force • Accidents and Disasters
Christian Carter , the author of Catch Him and Keep Him , is one of the internet 's hottest new dating advice and relationship help expert for women .
This blog explores his teachings and programs to better help the reader understand who Christian Carter is and how he can help you .
This Wednesday , at finer comic shops and bookstores everywhere , will see the release ( according to Wildstorm ) of Absolute Promethea Volume 1 .
I received my copies Friday so it should be out this week as noted on the Wildstorm website .
Unless of course the information on their site is wrong , which on occasion has been known to happen .
Seeing this book brings a lot of different feelings for me .
It has been a full decade since this material was originally produced and strange seeing it again in a form that forces me to examine just how much I ’ve grown as an artist .
I can see so many things that I would do differently now , but that was then and this is now , criticism in hindsight .
I have to keep telling myself that it has been ten years , so of course I ’m going to take issue with some things , but it just does n’t feel like it has been a decade .
I think this is due to when working on the new slipcase art and wraparound cover for the book and the interior design pieces , it was like going into a timewarp , putting myself back to then .
So seeing this new volume has a fresh relevance for me .
It ’s not that I ’m trying to degrade my own work , or to say it was n’t worthy , it ’s just impossible for me to not look at it with my current level of knowledge and thought .
Reflecting on the material in analytical ways .
Even with this perspective in my mind , I recognize this material as the beginning of a coming of age for me , the beginning of finding my footing in the realms of art .
I certainly had been doing professional work for awhile when Promethea first came along but I feel that certain things were set in motion , certain things were released in me that allowed me to try and reach for greater potentials .
This new Absolute Edition is a landmark in time , a statement of beginning growth of the mind .
It was very personal work for me and so I tend to look at it in intimately critical terms .
But I love it in all it ’s beauty and flaws .
I ’d like to briefly talk about some new things done for this book .
There is the new art done for the slipcase which is printed with gold ink on a mat white finish , the result looks nice and unique .
The book itself has new art for the cover , a wraparound psychedelic image with intricate spot varnishing on a mat finish .
There is no dust jacket with this edition .
I decided that it just was too large in size to accommodate a jacket .
I ’ve got other Absolute editions that have dust jackets and I found it cumbersome , so I felt it best that we not bother and just place the art onto the hardcover itself , I really like the way this came out .
There are new endpapers designs by me and new chapter head designs by me as well .
These new chapter heads were fun and deceivingly simple .
but as the chapters progress over the course of all three Absolute Volumes , these chapter head images slowly puzzle together the Qabbalistic Tree Of life , and also have other images that appear and disappear with each new chapter .
the image above is the backdrop art for these chapter head designs .
These were a lot of fun and a lot of work .
And lastly , there is a very nice afterword by my friend and author Brad Meltzer , best known for his work at DC Comics and most notably for his recent best selling novel The Book Of Fate .
You can find more about him at BradMeltzer.com
To those of you who have already read Promethea and plan on buying this new edition in order to experience it again in a new way , I thank you , I hope you will find enjoyment from it for many years to come .
To those of you who may be picking this up for the first time , welcome and I hope it tickles your brain in ways you might not expect .
bad fuzzy photo …
Leave a Comment
* Required
** Required but not displayed
Our attorneys have extensive trial experience and are always prepared to litigate , if necessary , to protect your rights and interests .
One of our firm ’s partners , Philip M. Hof , is a board - certified civil trial specialist , giving you the benefit of his proven skills in even the most challenging cases .
Learn more about our accolades and what they mean for you .
As a staunch atheist with a visceral dislike of being preached to , the idea of being sent to Greenbelt , England 's biggest " post- evangelical " Christian festival , did n't have much appeal .
I picked the events less likely to send me into an apoplectic state of secular revulsion at religion : my goal was to learn and explore without feeling like a prey to be set straight at all costs by the evangelical left .
I arrived on Saturday morning and first stopped at the underground venue showcasing non -stop rock bands .
Rock 'n 'roll would help me ease my way in , I thought .
The melodic - emo rock band Arcane Roots was playing an early set for the festival younger crowd , and while I expected to suffer through cringe - worthy Christian rock songs , I was relieved to hear really decent songs instead , even though the audience did n't seem to be able to get in the mood .
I also dropped by Greenbelt 's Folk club , in which musicians jammed together in improvisation .
The session was lovely , if only a bit lonely : I was the only member in the audience to not be able to sing along , clap hands and praise Jesus .
Amen .
At midday I sat in the sun-kissed grass and listened to Tasmin Omond , who was giving a speech on the Church and its relationship with environmentalists .
Tasmin is the founder of Climate Rush and an ex-Plane Stupid activist who in 2008 got arrested for scaling the Houses of Parliament to protest against Heathrow 's third runway .
She also flirted with the idea of becoming a priest , and in no uncertain terms she voiced her frustration at the disconnect between religious groups ' official line on climate change ( read : almost nonexistent ) and the everyday activism of church - goers .
The stands at Greenbelt were extremely environmentally and ethically conscious .
They made for a fantastic display of bleeding - heart Christian liberalism , peppered by slogans in support of Palestine , a show produced by Christian Aid , and flyers denouncing CEOs ' paychecks .
The food and craft market was all crocs , fluorescent plastic crucifixes , 100 % hemp clothes , recycled plastic items , tie - dye t- shirts and fair trade or organic food products .
Tasmin Omond , Greenbelt merchandise , a drawing workshop and the Jesus Arms pub at Greenbelt Photograph : Jessica Reed/guardian.co.uk
It is only after lunchtime that my day took a more personal and interesting turn .
I joined a session called Serum , which aimed to facilitate theological debate for participants who " would n't necessarily call themselves Christian " .
Fully expecting to be lectured about my beliefs , I got seated at a table and told to imagine what my feelings would be if I was to be The Creator and had to judge people after their deaths .
My fellow participants were , from what I could guess , all believers , and it made for a really frustrating but ultimately fascinating debate , during which we all considered forgiveness , human v godly judgement , free will and whether or not we would like to punish bad people if given the chance ( " Oh yes , I would definitely like to zap Pol Pot " , whispered the middle - aged joyous lady sitting opposite me ) .
Thanks to a few ground rules ( " no one has definite answers " and " respect one another " ) , the discussion went smoothly and I was left wondering why such groups were n't more popular - the exercise permitted me to relate to people in spite of the massive gap separating us .
The experience was both humbling and powerful , especially as I had to remind myself that the debate 's outcome was n't to make a point to win , but to listen to ideas and belief system different from mine .
By mid-afternoon I headed towards the workshop centers to attend a Quaker meeting .
Because they rely so little on a prescribed creed and conservative rules , Quakers have usually benefited from a good reputation amongst secularists and atheists alike , and I was no exception .
After reading Rosemary Hartill 's excellent Cif piece on the recent Quaker decision to recognise same - sex marriages , I read more about their faith – and even learned that some Friends call themselves Quaker atheists .
And so I joined the meeting with an open mind , and quickly found myself sitting as part of a silent worship .
The first few minutes were unnerving as the audience settled , and I could n't help but feel like a small child forced to observe silence at school : I had to keep immature giggles in check and stop myself from observing everyone in the room .
I soon stopped however , and found myself submerge by a sense of peace I can only describe as relief , for it is too seldom that one is given the permission to sit with strangers in silence , without behavioural expectations , and allowed to look inward in synchronicity with others .
Twenty minutes went on and the practice was starting to get hold of me , when someone finally got up to speak .
I found myself completely taken aback when my eyes started to water .
The simplicity with which he picked his words , and the silent but respectful silence which followed , allowing each of us to consider what had been said , was not only moving but also touched on something pure and true – a moment unlike I had ever witnessed before .
I took a short walk after the meeting to reflect on what had just happened , almost ready to declare myself quite tolerant of " post- evangelism " : I had n't been preached at once , nobody had pitied me when I announced my lack of faith , and I could n't really say that my personal leftist politics were n't in line with the festival's .
I decided to finish the day by attending a film workshop , in which two presenters had chosen to talk about what God had said to them through movies .
After showing film extracts , the audience would be shown choice quotes on screens , aligned side by side with quotes from the Bible – and repeat those all together .
The exercise turned out to be entertaining , especially when the audience repeated the Stars Wars mantra hand in hand with a biblical verse ( " May the force be with you " ) .
The young presenter carried on to project clips from Whale Rider , in which a young Maori girl fights to fulfill a destiny her grandfather refuses to recognize .
He later explained that he had seen the movie in Leicester Square in the midst of a personal crisis – during which he doubted his job as a youth worker , feeling as if his work was in vain .
But , he said , God showed him the way through the movie , telling him he had to find the strength to carry on , that we had to fight society 's growing secularism and help more young people " find the way and find God " .
My stomach turned and my French blood , which always fought for laïcité , began to boil .
" So this is what it 's all about " , I thought .
" A social worker showing no understanding , no dialogue – secularism and spiritual differences are to be fought against , and children subtly coerced into believing ? "
This kind of discourse , I could n't deal with .
I turned around at once , and left .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Dan Simmons
Reporter , BBC Click
Imagine seeing interesting information pop up as you stroll around .
It is almost like a sixth sense , and it used to be mainly the stuff of science fiction .
But Augmented Reality ( AR ) - in which live video images like those from a mobile phone camera are tagged with relevant data - is starting to be widely available .
This is largely because of advances in smart - phone technology , explained Chetan Damani , the co-founder of an AR application firm called Acrossair .
" Mobile manufacturers have started to add digital compasses into their mobile devices and that 's allowed us to offer people augmented reality applications , " he said .
" As the user moves the device left to right we can actually calculate where the user is pointing to and overlay the data accordingly , " he said .
Add to that the ability to " geotag " - that is , add geographic information to places , pictures , or things based on a user 's location handily grabbed from a handset 's GPS - and the potential for AR applications skyrockets .
Landscape choice Late August saw the global release of a significantly expanded version of an AR application called Layar - which has been dubbed the world 's first augmented reality browser .
The app Sekai Camera enables users to tag things they want others to see The Layar system combines a digital compass and GPS co-ordinates to establish its location and where it is pointing .
Relevant information is then retrieved from a server and displayed in real time .
By scanning the landscape , the software shows houses up for sale , restaurants , bars , or Wikipedia entries that could be useful for tourists .
Also visible are Twitter " tweets " and photographs in various parts of the city that some people have geotagged .
NEXT WEEK
In a follow - up report next week , Click will look at how AR tech might be applied to friends and creating new gaming worlds " Layar enables you to see things that you did n't know about previously - data that was hidden in books or in the basement of a company , " he explained .
Much of the content , he said , is created by users themselves .
" Right now anybody can make a Layar , and all this information is provided to you as a service , and you can make it and access it for free . "
Layar has only been in development since April , but it recently launched globally for phones that use the Google Android operating system .
A version for the iPhone is slated for release soon after the upgrade of Apple 's operating system , which is expected to give developers greater control to manipulate and merge on - screen graphics and the camera feed .
Augmented directions
In Japan , a new iPhone application is being used to help visitors navigate their way through a museum and to find data on the exhibitions .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Developers Tonchidot 's Sekai Camera app enables users to tag things they want others to see .
Other applications have more immediate practical value .
In London , for example , the Acrossair application allows commuters to find their nearest underground station .
Acrossair 's app enables iPhone users in central London to point their handset 's camera and see underground stops float over the picture .
The accelerometer within the phone means that if the user points their handset to the ground , arrows will pop up into view pointing the way to the nearest stations .
With hardware like GPS and digital compasses becoming more and more common on handsets - along with the ability to download and use apps - it 's easy to imagine that AR will become the means of choice for delivering information that 's specific to wherever we are , whenever we 're there .
Watch Click on BBC News Channel , Saturday 22 August at 11.30 ( BST ) .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Most of the time when we pitch to a new client we are asked for SEO guarantees .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ Your competition has guaranteed top results and submission to 100,000 Search Engines and DirectoriesÃ¢â‚ ¬Â .
We go all out educating clients that Search Engine Optimization is all about smart work and not just adding random keywords and submitting to every directory possible .
IÃ ¢â‚¬â „ ¢m writing this article to reach out to the SEO buyers and help them distinguish the crooks from the genuine SEO .
IÃ ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ve compiled my Search marketing experience over the years in this article .
I hope this helps you in selecting your Search Marketing initiative .
Commandment 1 : There are no Rank Guarantees .
( Period )
Search Engines alone control their indexing and ranking algorithm .
Do not try to trick Search Engines .
The only way to improve your Search Engine Ranks is by playing by the rules .
And the rule is very simple : make it logical .
Web content is primarily for the site visitor and not crawlers .
If your Search Engine Optimizer sold you magic Ã¢â‚ ¬ Å“ Top rank on google in 10 days flatÃ¢â‚ ¬Â. Forget it .
There are no short cuts .
Top ranking in Search Engines Natural Results will take time .
Hard work is imperative especially for the content on your website and the links to your site .
Commandment 2 : Ranking is not the end , itÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s the means .
Ask yourself what will Top Search Engine Ranks get you ?
Most businesses are interested in increasing sales on the website or in the least driving qualified traffic .
Ranking for the right keywords ( keywords used by your target audience ) is important .
There are SEOs who would try to show case results for keywords that occur only on your website .
Beware such gimmicks .
Commandment 3 : Know your competition .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ RankÃ¢â‚¬Â is relative position and more so in the Search EngineÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s natural results .
How well you do in the Search Engine Results is a function of how much hard work you have put over competition .
Analyze competitionÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s keywords , links , keyword density and spread .
But be sure to never copy your competition .
Commandment 4 : Use Search Engine Friendly design .
A search and visitor friendly design is must for any successful website .
Your website should be compelling enough for repeat visits by search engines and potential customers .
Make sure you have Search Engine friendly urls and avoid those long URLs with query strings ( http://mywebsite.com/index.php?PHPSESSID=5&a=z&f=g).
You should also make sure that your web designer follows global coding standards like w3c ( http://www.w3.org).
Commandment 5 : Select Keywords that are worth .
You must research the keywords before targeting .
There are tools that give you good idea of keywordÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s search potential for example ( http://www.wordtracker.com/, https://adwords.google.com/select/KeywordToolExternal ) .
It is important to know the number of searches for a keyword in the last month , last 6 months and last year .
You should also find out the number of web pages that are targeting the keyword .
It is advisable to start a campaign with keywords with moderate competition and high number of search .
Commandment 6 : Write Great content .
Even if your website site is technically perfect for search engine robots , it wonÃ ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t do you any good unless you also fill it with Great content .
Great is contextual and has editorial value .
Great content brings repeat visits and increases the chance of conversion .
Great content is factual and appeals to the target audience .
The web page should have desired action embedded in the content .
You must ensure that the content is fresh .
Keep adding and editing the content regularly .
Commandment 7 : Use good hyper linking strategy .
Hyperlinks make the content accessible and contextual .
You must hyperlink in the right context within the website and to the other websites .
Good links are appreciated by the Search Engines and by the visitors .
No one likes to be taken to a mall selling Ã¢â‚ ¬ Å“ MacintoshÃ¢â‚ ¬Â  when shopping for Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ applesÃ¢â‚ ¬Â .
Commandment 8 : Write relevant and original Meta content .
Meta content is like business cards .
Just as your business card tells who you are and what you do Meta content tells the Search Engines the relevance and context of a web page .
Resist the temptation to include everything in the Meta content , but make it detailed .
Confused ?
The idea is to include only what is relevant to the page in the Meta Content but include everything that is relevant .
Commandment 9 : Acquire Relevant Links .
The Links you acquire are the roads to your web page for Search Engine Bots and visitors .
Good links increase your webpageÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s equity on the World Wide Web and bad link make a dent to the equity and credibility .
Be selective in reciprocal linking .
Both reciprocal and one way links work , if you are prudent in selecting the links .
Submit your website to the relevant sections in relevant directories .
Commandment 10 : Consult experts , if you need to .
If you have the competence there are two ways to learn .
Learning from oneÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s own mistakes and learning form otherÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s experience .
You could choose either .
If you have the time and can wait for the online dollars do it yourself .
If you want to get started now it may be useful to consult the experts .
Enter your email or sign up with a social account to get started
Get the most out of your experience with a personalized all - access pass to everything local on events , music , restaurants , news and more .
Arpaio
Over the past 20 years , Phoenix New Times has reported on Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio 's serious abuse of power .
The self - described " Toughest Sheriff in America " has fostered horrendous jail conditions , reckless police operations , and carried out personal vendettas against political rivals and members of the press .
In the past year or more , he has also appointed himself enforcer of the nation 's immigration laws in Arizona , and a whole new series of problems has emerged .
Foremost , he and his deputies have violated the Constitutional rights of brown - skinned U.S. citizens and have committed outright cruelty against the undocumented .
PUMAs ,
If and when you get polled , remember to let the pollster know that not only do you intend to vote , but that you are strongly committed to voting for :
Barack Obama
It is extremely important we keep on doing this .
Let Obama and his surrogates keep on being lulled into a false sense of security at having a lead in the national polls .
So far this strategy seems to be working , polls show Obama to be up …
Of course on election day , as PUMAs we all know that no way , no how , we shall not vote for Obama .
We might write in Hillary ’s name , we might vote for John McCain , heck we might even write in our own names , but to give our vote on Barack Obama is simply not something we shall do .
We can handle it all , from prenuptial and postnuptial agreements to matters of violence or post - divorce modifications .
We have garnered top ratings for our ethics and skill ( AV Preeminent ® Rating ) and been recognized for our achievements and service ( Superb Avvo Rating ) .
Our divorce law firm in Charlotte offers elite representation that gets results , as well as the one - on - one service that only a boutique family law firm can provide .
Supporting Our Community
At Krusch Law , PLLC , we proudly support nonprofits and participate in local charitable events .
Our divorce law firm also hosts an annual Sharing with Shoes event and shoe drive , donating hundreds of shoes to homeless children attending Charlotte - Mecklenburg Schools .
We do our utmost to give back to the families in the communities where we work and live .
We ’re ready to listen to you .
Call ( 704 ) 343-8811 or use our online form to schedule an appointment with our divorce attorney in Charlotte , NC .
Here ’s something to chew on :
In a list of the world ‘s 50 safest banks , there is not a single Indian bank — despite the fact that Indian banking system was termed one of the most robust because it was not affected by the financial crises that hit banks across the globe .
Be that as it may , bank stability seems to high on corporate and investor agenda now .
And it is against this backdrop that the Global Finance magazine has published its 18th annual list of the world ‘s safest banks .
The dust seems to be settling now after two eventful years that witnessed many financial giants drop out of the top - 50 safest banks list .
Those banks that showed their grit amid an apparently insurmountable financial crisis topped the chart in this year ’s ranking .
At the same time , the big name banks that lost their safest bank ranking during the credit crunch are still absent from the list as they struggle to rebuild their credibility .
How the selection was made
The ‘ World ‘s 50 Safest Banks 2009 ′ were selected through a comparison of the long - term credit ratings and total assets of the 500 largest banks around the world .
Ratings from Moody ’s , Standard & Poor ’s and Fitch were used .
Global Finance has published its ‘ World ‘s Safest Banks ‘ listing for 18 years and this ranking has become a recognised and trusted standard of creditworthiness for the entire financial world .
Here ’s the list of the world ‘s safest banks with an overview of the top 10 .
Read on . . .
1. KfW ( Germany )
Founded in 1948 , KfW is a German government - owned development bank based in Frankfurt .
The bank was formed after World War II as part of the Marshall Plan .
Earlier , it went under the name : Kreditanstalt fur Wiederaufbau , or Reconstruction Credit Institute .
The bank ’s revenue stood at Euro70.6 billion in 2008 .
Number of its employees stood at 4,228 in the same year .
Recently , KfW tied up with the Industrial Development Bank of India to help Indian companies identify projects , fund them and help earn carbon credits .
2. Caisse des Depots et Consignations ( France )
Created in 1816 , Caisse des Depots et Consignations is a French financial organisation under the control of the Frnech Parliament .
The Caisse des Depots consists of the public institution Caisse des Depots and its subsidiaries .
Its subsidiaries are involved in the competitive area .
It operates throughout France and in over 80 country .
3. Bank Nederlands Gemeenten ( Netherlands )
The Bank Nederlandse Gemeenten is a Dutch bank which was founded in 1914 in The Hague .
It specialises in providing financing for ( semi - ) publicly owned organisations .
Ranked by assets alone , it is ranked as the 4th bank in the Netherlands .
The company is owned for 50 per cent by the Dutch state , while the remainder is owned by the municipalities and provinces .
In the first half of 2009 , the net profit of Bank Dutch Municipalities stood at Euro 114 million compared to Euro 73 million in 2008 .
4. Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank ( Germany )
Rentenbank , based in Frankfurt am Main , is Germany ’s development agency for agri business .
Rentenbank provides refinancing to banks within the European Union involved in financing agriculture , related sectors thereof and rural areas .
Rentenbank ’s roots go back to the days of the Deutsche Rentenbank , founded in 1923 to combat the hyperinflation problems of the times .
In 1925 , it became Deutsche Rentenbank - Kreditanstalt ( RKA ) and the central refinancing institution for the agricultural sector .
The bank ’s total assets in 2008 decreased slightly to Euro 87.9 billion while its total capital stood at Euro 3047.2 million .
5. Zuercher Kantonalbank ( Switzerland )
On February 15 1870 , the Zurich Cantonal Bank opened its first switch .
Mortgages and other capital needs for workers , artisans and clerks , for agricultural and industrial enterprises and for small and medium industrial enterprises have been largely neglected by the former private banks .
Towards the end of the 19th and at the beginning of last century , the Zurich economy experienced a remarkable boom .
The result was an increased demand for housing and rising rents .
As a result , the bank saw substantial growth .
In 2008 , the bank ’s total assets stood at 113 billion francs and its net income at 503 million francs .
6. Rabobank Group ( Netherlands )
Rabobank Group is an international financial services provider operating on the basis of cooperative principles .
It offers retail banking , wholesale banking , asset management , leasing and real estate services .
The bank focuses on all - finance services in the Netherlands and on food & agri internationally .
Rabobank Group comprises 152 independent local Rabobanks plus Rabobank Nederland , their central organisation , and a number of subsidiaries .
Rabobank ’s roots lie in agriculture .
In 1898 two separate cooperative banks — the Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen - Bank in Utrecht and the Cooperatieve Centrale Boerenleenbank in Eindhoven — were founded by enterprising rural folk , who , with little access to the capital market , decided to help one another .
The two banks served their rural communities independently for three - quarters of a century , both successfully practicing cooperative banking principles .
Therefore , their 1972 merger was a logical partnership .
In the first half of 2009 , the bank ’s net profit stood at Euro 1.3 billion .
7. Landeskreditbank Baden-Wuerttemberg -Foerderbank ( Germany )
It is a former public - law institution , which is wholly owned by the state of Baden - Wuerttemberg .
The bank is headquarterd in Karlsruhe , and a branch office is located in Stuttgart .
The bank was founded in 1922 by Eugen Bolz , interior and finance minister , Wuerttemberg .
The bank started its work in 1924 to counter the housing shortage especially after the World War I .
8. NRW Bank ( Germany )
This is development bank for North Rhine - Westphalia .
North Rhine - Westphalia is Germany ’s largest province and is among the 15 largest economies in the world .
The bank ’s net income in 2008 stood at Euro 32.4 million whereas its net interest income stood at Euro 509.1 million .
9. BNP Paribas ( France )
BNP Paribasis a major European bank .
It was created on May 23 , 2000 through the merger of Banque Nationale de Paris and Paribas .
As on January 31 2008 , the bank ’s assets stood at $ 1,899.186 billion .
It ’s history can be traced back to 1869 , when a group of bankers and investors , including Adrien Delahante , Edmond Joubert and Henri Cernuschi , founded the Banque de Paris .
The bank employs 162,700 people and operates in 87 countries .
The bank is active in the finance , investment and asset management markets .
10 . Royal Bank of Canada ( Canada )
The Royal Bank of Canada is the largest financial institution in Canada , measured by deposits , revenues , and market capitalisation .
The company ’s primary corporate offices are located in Toronto , Ontario , while it is officially headquartered in Montreal , Quebec .
The bank was founded in 1864 in Halifax , Nova Scotia .
The bank serves 17 million clients and has 80,000 employees worldwide .
In Canada , the bank is branded as RBC Royal Bank in English and RBC Banque Royale in French
The bank ’s revenue stood at $ 25.34 Billion CAD in 2008 and net income at $ 4.64 billion CAD .
The other 40 banks that made it to the 50 safest banks ‘ list are :
11 . National Australia Bank ( Australia ) ;
12 . Commonwealth Bank of Australia ( Australia ) ;
13 . Banco Santander ( Spain ) ;
14 . Toronto - Dominion Bank ( Canada ) ;
15 . Australia & New Zealand Banking Group ( Australia ) ;
16 . Westpac Banking Corporation ( Australia ) ;
17 . ASB Bank Limited ( New Zealand ) ;
18 . HSBC Holdings plc ( United Kingdom ) ;
19 . Credit Agricole S.A. ( France ) ;
20 . Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria ( Spain ) ;
21 . Nordea Bank AB ( publ ) ( Sweden ) ;
22 . Scotiabank ( Canada ) ;
23 . Svenska Handelsbanken ( Sweden ) ;
24 . DBS Bank ( Singapore ) ;
25 . Banco Espanol de Credito S.A. ( Spain ) ;
26 . Caisse centrale Desjardins ( Canada ) ;
27 . Pohjola Bank ( Finland ) ;
28 . Deutsche Bank AG ( Germany ) ;
29 . Intesa Sanpaolo ( Italy ) ;
30 . Caja de Ahorros y Pensiones de Barcelona ( Spain ) ;
31 . Bank of Montreal ( Canada ) ;
32 . The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation ( United States ) ;
33 . DnB NOR Bank ( Norway ) ;
34 . Caixa Geral de Depositos ( Portugal ) ;
35 . United Overseas Bank ( Singapore ) ;
36 . Oversea -Chinese Banking Corp. ( Singapore ) ;
37 . CIBC ( Canada ) ;
38 . National Bank Of Kuwait ( Kuwait ) ;
39 . J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. ( United States ) ;
40 . UBS AG ( Switzerland ) ;
41 . Societe Generale ( France ) ;
42 . Wells Fargo & Co. ( United States ) ;
43 . Credit Suisse Group ( Switzerland ) ;
44 . Banque Federative du Credit Mutuel ( France ) ;
45 . Credit Industriel et Commercial ( France ) ;
46 . Nationwide Building Society ( United Kingdom ) ;
47 . US Bancorp ( United States ) ;
48 . Shizuoka Bank ( Japan ) ;
49 . Northern Trust Corporation ( United States ) ;
50 . National Bank of Abu Dhabi ( United Arab Emirates )
Every guy that votes for Trump should be cheated on by his girl cause they love being lied to .
Welcome to Ubersite !
Submitted by forthewin at 2006-02- 17 03:53:50 ESTRating : 1.56 on 1107 ratings ( 1110 reviews ) ( Review this item ) ( V This drawing was done entirely in MS Paint with a Logitech laser mouse .
I did not use the copy and paste tool , or the text tool .
There was no color sampling or pasting from other images , but I did view some seperate images as reference , as do most artists .
Want to see proof that I really drew this and how ?
Go here : http://www.swmoore.com/paintproof.html
I saw weird stuff in that place last night .
Weird , strange , sick , twisted , eerie , godless , evil stuff .
And I want in .-- Homer SimpsonHomer the Great
Site and layout © 2014 Ubersite ® --
All material copyrighted by its respective copyright holder , dumbass
