Practical Solutions
We help you scale your idea in a way that you can achieve your goals one milestone at a time .
Instead of big investments into a directionless plan , our budget focused strategy for any customised Zend application takes you one step at a time .
We use a modular approach of Zend framework to builds blocks which could be used in the future with other frameworks to build a practical , low maintenance solution .
The nation ’s top scientists and spies are collaborating on an effort to use the federal government ’s intelligence assets  including spy satellites and other classified sensors  to assess the hidden complexities of environmental change .
They seek insights from natural phenomena like clouds and glaciers , deserts and tropical forests .
The collaboration restarts an effort the Bush administration shut down and has the strong backing of the director of the Central Intelligence Agency .
In the last year , as part of the effort , the collaborators have scrutinized images of Arctic sea ice from reconnaissance satellites in an effort to distinguish things like summer melts from climate trends , and they have had images of the ice pack declassified to speed the scientific analysis .
The trove of images is “ really useful , ” said Norbert Untersteiner , a professor at the University of Washington who specializes in polar ice and is a member of the team of spies and scientists behind the effort .
Scientists , Dr. Untersteiner said , “ have no way to send out 500 people ” across the top of the world to match the intelligence gains , adding that the new understandings might one day result in ice forecasts .
Dr. Todd Ditmire directs the Texas Petawatt project at The University of Texas at Austin .
Credit : UT Austin
Producing a laser with a power of a terawatt -- equal to one trillion watts -- used to be impressive , but now the forefront of optical research power is measured in 1 quadrillion - watt units known as petawatts .
But even that much power is n’t good enough for physics professor Todd Ditmire at the University of Texas at Austin .
Ditmire plans to build an exawatt laser with a power equivalent to 1000 petawatts .
But such a super - laser is still years away from actual development .
In the meantime , Ditmire already has the most powerful laser in the world .
To get a sense of how much power an exawatt contains , compare it to a typical filament light bulb consuming about 100 W of electricity .
The capacity of the entire U.S. electrical grid is about 10 billion times more than this , or about 1 terawatt .
So the entire grid could supply enough energy to continuously power 10 billion 100 W light bulbs .
A petawatt is 1,000 times more power than that , and an exawatt is 1,000 times greater than a petawatt .
Ditmire 's laser does not produce more power than the entire U.S. electric grid .
However , the laser does achieve the highest peak power an instant at a time .
His method is to deliver a modest amount of energy over a period of less than one - trillionth of a second .
It 's only during that blink of time that the UT Austin laser is actually more powerful than the entire grid .
Ditmire uses a technique known as chirping to stretch out the length of time that the brief pulse of light is created .
This longer pulse is amplified to higher energy , and then re-compressed to a shorter duration , squeezing energy down into a very potent bundle .
The main research uses for the Texas Petawatt Laser , as it is called , is to produce thermonuclear fusion , a process that many engineers would like to harness for the process of making commercial generators of electricity .
Other configurations use the laser 's power to strike targets that release neutrons that can that can then be used for biomedical or nanotech research .
To reach the next goal , laser 's with exawatt powers , Ditmire hopes to combine largely existing laser technology and his already - tested short pulses with new laser glass materials that would allow amplification up to higher energies , but he estimates that building an exawatt laser might take 10 years .
The year 2010 marks the 50th anniversary of the invention of the laser , a development being marked by LaserFest events that emphasize the importance of lasers at numerous scientific meetings all year .
Laser devices are valuable since they can concentrate a lot of light energy into a tiny spot and send light beams in very straight lines , making possible things like laser surgery , laser surveying , and laser pointers .
Explore further Laser Fusion and Exawatt Lasers
( c ) 2010 Inside Science News Service
Gaza – Palestinians in Gaza set off for the Red Cross headquarters on Monday to offer donations and financial support for the victims of Haiti ’s devastating earthquake on Tuesday .
Relatives of Palestinian prisoners also participated in the drive , with many offering financial donations and goods including blankets and covers , as well as food and milk for children .
Head of the Committee to Break the Siege Jamal Al - Khudary said “ people may be astonished at our ability to collect donations from our people [ in Gaza ] ; we tell them that this is a humanitarian campaign and our people love life and peace … ”
“ We are here today supporting the victims of Haiti … we feel for them the most because we were exposed to our own earthquake during Israel ’s war on Gaza . ”
The Red Cross director was only able to accept financial donations as transferring goods out of the Strip is near impossible , Al - Khudary added .
Copperfield apparently made the Statue of Liberty disappear
A two - year rape investigation against magician David Copperfield has been closed without charges being filed , US authorities have said .
A Seattle woman , whose identity has not been disclosed , claimed he sexually assaulted her on his private island in the Bahamas in 2007 .
His lawyers have previously dismissed her claims as an attempt at " extortion for money , plain and simple " .
The woman 's lawyer , Rebecca Roe , said her client was " disappointed " .
" But it was n't completely unexpected given the jurisdictional issue of prosecuting him here for something that happened on his private island , " Ms Roe added .
The US Attorney 's Office in Seattle said the decision " should not be perceived as a comment on guilt or innocence " .
Mr Copperfield lawyers made no immediate comment on the decision .
False complaint
The woman who made the complaint is a 23 - year - old fashion model , waitress and former Miss Washington contestant .
She said in a related civil lawsuit against Mr Copperfield that she met him when he pulled her out of the crowd and onto the stage during a performance in Washington .
The woman said she was invited to his private island where she claimed the star - real name David Kotkin - sexually assaulted her .
Police said she had recently filed a false sexual assault complaint against a different man .
Copperfield is known for elaborate stunts such as apparently walking through the Great Wall of China and making the Statue of Liberty disappear .
Yemeni schoolgirl Nujood was divorced by the age of 10 having been married to a man of 30 when she was only nine .
As the BBC's Owen Bennett - Jones heard when he met Nujood and her parents in the Yemeni capital Sanaa , she took her fate into her own hands , getting the divorce herself .
Nujood managed to break out of a forced marriage and get back to school
She had not even known she was to be married on the day of her wedding .
With her father 's consent , she was brought by her future husband to his village where his family laid on a big ceremony .
Afterwards , when she saw everyone leaving , she wanted them to drive her back home but was told by her new husband that she was married .
After less than a week in the new village , which she spent doing household chores , her tearful pleas to the husband 's family persuaded them to bring her back to her parents .
She told her father that she wanted to finish school but he refused to allow this and said she must return to her new home .
Two attempts to run away , hiding in her uncles ' houses , failed when her father , husband and brothers came looking for her .
Getting to court
On the night before she was due to go back , her stepmother advised her to file for divorce at a court and that is where she went the next morning .
She took advantage of the absence of her father , her mother , her stepmother and her elder brothers to take a bus and a taxi to the court .
Nujood says she hopes to go to university
A woman at the gate listened to her story and took her into the judge 's office .
She told him that she wanted a divorce and that she wanted to finish school and stay with her family .
The judge took her home to his own house and family where she stayed for three days , being treated kindly .
He then sent her with an escort to her parents ' house .
Her parents were not in but one of her sisters passed on the message that she had gone to court for a divorce .
One of her uncles came to the court to collect her .
After her father and her new husband came to the court themselves , they were arrested and sentenced to 10 days and 15 days in prison respectively .
A few weeks later , the judge granted the divorce .
Her husband was led into the court for the ruling but said nothing to her .
Nujood has been living at home again since the divorce .
She is going to school again and hopes to attend university .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If you are unfamiliar with The Palestinian Parents Circle - Families Forum please take a moment to visit their heartwarming website .
( my bold )
" Peace is possible when we allow ourselves to be vulnerable ( ... ) the members of the Parents Circle have experienced this truth
In the depths of their Suffering and loss .
They have found that there
Is more that unites us than Divides us , that we are All members of one family , the human family (... ) "
Desmond M. Tutu , Archbishop Emeritus
Letter to The Parents Circle – Families Forum , April 2004
It is , as far as we know , a world precedent that bereaved families , victims from both sides , embark on a joint reconciliation mission while the conflict is still active .
Consisting of several hundreds of bereaved families , half Palestinian and half Israeli , The Families Forum has played a crucial role since its inception in 1995 , in spearheading a reconciliation process between Israelis and Palestinians .
The Forum members have all lost immediate family members due to the violence in the region .
I cannot recall when I first heard about The Palestinian Parents Circle , it may have been here .
I think all of these people are saints .
To loose a loved one and find a way to cross that bridge to find peace and reconciliation out of so much shared sorrow is the height of selflessness and forgiveness .
So it was with deep regret when I recieved this email and read about the tragic incident that took place just hours ago to the family of Khaled Abu Awwad which included the arrest of his son , another local non violent peace activist , and if this email is to be believed , a young Palestinian leader who promotes democracy , non violence and peace ..
( via email )
This morning at 03:20 AM the Israeli Army came into the home of Khaled Abu Awwad the General Manager of the Palestinian Parents Circle - Families Forum , they woke up all family members by throwing a bomb at their door screaming that if they wo n't go out of the house in one minute they will bomb their home and car .
Khaled 's wife Jalila and their children were in the house , the three oldest boy 's Mohannad , Moayad and Shadi were taken to an Army Jeep and his oldest son Mohannad blind folded and chained .
In the meanwhile his wife , his older daughters Worood and Sana and the three small children had to stand outside the house in the freezing cold of the Hebron mountains .
The soldiers were screaming entering the house alone with a dog , leaving the house after 30 minutes and taking with them Mohannad .
When the family were allowed to enter their home they found everything upside done ( sic ) , dirty with mud and dogs urine .
The person who sent the email claims to have worked with Mohannad for the last 2 years .
I know Mohannad already for 7 years and in the past 2 years we were working very close in Al - Tariq , he is a powerful leader who promotes democracy , non violence and peace .
The soldiers who took him try to stop him in his mission to end the circle of violence in peaceful ways .
He has chosen this very hard path although two of his uncle's were murdered and his twin brother Moayad injured massively by the Israeli Army .
We pray to God that he wo n't be beaten or humiliated even more by the soldiers and that he will return safe to us .
We do not know where the Army has taken Mohannad to , please help us to release him today and not spent another day in prison
The author is Lotty Camerman
Here is Ma'an News Agency 's brief coverage of the arrest , all I could find thus far .
23/01/2010 19:01
Hebron – Ma’an – Three Palestinians were detained by Israeli forces from Beit Ummer , north of Hebron , on Saturday , according to the head of the Prisoners ' Society in Hebron , Amjad An - Najjar .
" The total number of those arrested from the town within the last two months amounts to 17 , " An - Najjar said .
Additionally , spokesman for the Palestine Solidarity Project Mohammad Awad identified those detained as Hussein Ibrahim , 17 , Issa Mohammad Issa Awad , 21 , and Muhanad Khaled Abu Awad , 20 .
Awad said that Israeli forces threatened to detonate the detainees ' cars if they did not open the door of their home .
Separately , Thiab Hassen Al - Alami , 42 , was ordered to remove his clothes before forces broke into his home , and occupied the roof of the building , the spokesman added .
Any suggestions how we might help please leave them in the comments .
Update :
Here is a link to Al - Tariq 's Leadership Program , the organization Lotty Camerman works with Mohannad .
Thanks !
I did n't even know it would turn out quite like that .
Are you prepared for cinematic awesomeness ?
This year sees a number of movies we 're eager to watch , from Christopher Nolan 's acid trip to new Iron Man , Predator and Tron films .
Here are 20 reasons not to give up on movies .
Advertisement
2009 was a mixed year for films , to say the least — a number of films last year were delayed or rushed into production because of the writers ' strike .
And yet , we 're still getting movies that were delayed due to that strike ( among other reasons . )
According to the New York Times , Daybreakers was filmed in 2007 , and The Wolfman and Repo Men were filmed in 2008 .
But at least the majority of films coming out this year had a completed screenplay before they started filming , which could be a good thing .
So here are the 20 movies we 're most eager to see this year .
As usual for io9 , these movies include science fiction as well as " urban fantasy " which takes place either in the present day or close to the present day .
So no Clash Of The Titans .
And no A - Team , unless it turns out to be more science - fictional than we 're expecting .
Advertisement
The Book Of Eli ( Jan. 15 )
What it 's about :
The world ended decades ago , and now Eli ( Denzel Washington ) is the last guardian of a special book that could save the human race .
But Gary Oldman wants it too , and he's got a rocket launcher , among other things .
Why we 're pumped :
We have n't seen a really fun post - apocalyptic action movie — without zombies — in ages .
And the Hughes Brothers , who gave us Menace 2 Society , do know how to create great action set pieces .
The gritty look of this film 's wasteland is pretty compelling , and this could be the film we were hoping Terminator Salvation and 9 would deliver .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The Lovely Bones ( Jan. 15 )
What it 's about : Peter Jackson adapts Alice Sebold 's novel about a young girl who gets murdered by a pedophile , and then finds herself in a kind of purgatory .
Why we 're pumped :
Our early review , from horror / SF writer John Shirley , praised this movie 's mixture of surrealism and suspense .
Dali meets
Hitchcock , from the man who made a Lord Of The Rings adaptation work — what 's not to be excited about ?
Advertisement
Legion ( Jan. 22 )
What it 's about :
A group of humans under siege in a truckstop discover their attackers are angels , sent to destroy one pregnant woman whose child has a huge destiny .
Only one fallen angel ( Paul Bettany ) can save them all .
Why we 're pumped : Maybe we 're just in the throes of Supernatural withdrawal , but this story of morally compromised angels and Armageddon seems like perfect cheesy fun .
The clips we 've seen so far are pleasingly violent , and supernatural mayhem in a truckstop seems like a recipe for good times .
Advertisement
The Wolfman ( Feb. 12 )
What it 's about : Benicio Del Toro and Anthony Hopkins star in this revival of Universal 's monster movie franchise , about a man who becomes ... wait for it ... a wolf .
Why we 're pumped :
Well , it 's got to be better than Jack Nicholson .
Actually , the trailer was pretty thrilling and promised some old - school horror schlock .
The reshoots may actually have helped to give the film more of an edge .
And Anthony Hopkins is playing Malcolm McDowell !
So why not ?
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Crazies ( Feb. 26 )
What it 's about :
Did you know they were remaking George Romero 's 1970s classic about a town of people infected with a disease that makes them go nuts ?
The military decides to barricade everyone in the town , and craziness ensues .
Why we 're pumped :
The trailer is actually pretty fantastic , and the stills do look pretty batshit .
And apparently it 's about the American Dream gone wrong .
Oh whatever , there will be small - town people hacking each other to pieces .
Advertisement
Hot Tub Time Machine ( March 19 )
What it 's about : A gaggle of middle - aged guys ( including John Cusack and the Daily Show 's Rob Corddry ) discover that their hot tub is really a time machine that lets them go back to their party - boy youth in the 1980s and do it all over again .
Or something .
Why we 're pumped :
We talked to Cusack about this film , and it sounded like he and his costars had a lot of fun doing improv and writing the script as they went along .
And you know , every time Corddry got in a hot tub or got immersed in any type of liquids on The Daily Show , it was funny .
Advertisement
Repo Men ( April 2 )
What it 's about :
As we mentioned , this one was filmed a while ago and put on ice , until Repo Man director Alex Cox decided to do his own spin - off , Repo Chick .
But it 's not actually connected to Repo Man at all — it 's a movie version ofa novel , Repossession Mambo , about a future where your artificial organs get yanked out if you do n't keep up with your payments .
Why we 're pumped :
The original novel , by Eric Garcia , got a rave review over at SFSignal .
The recently released redband trailer was fun , and it 's got Jude Law ripping your organs out .
Advertisement
Kick - Ass ( April 16 )
What it 's about : Mark Millar 's brutal comic about what superheroes would really be like gets a faithful adaptation from Matthew Vaughn ( Stardust ) featuring Nic Cage as a psycho version of Batman who pumps bullets into his 11 - year - old girl , Hit Girl ( Chloe Moretz ) .
Why we 're pumped : Given how many comic - book movies feel neutered or sanitized , it 's hard not to feel a bit thrilled at the prospect of a film that brings the wrongness .
And each still or trailer has just increased our anticipation for this movie 's ultra-violence and Millar 's trademark snarky misanthropy .
Advertisement
A Nightmare On Elm Street ( April 30 )
What it 's about : Jackie Earle Haley stars as Freddie Krueger , the serial killer with the knife - glove , who kills people in their dreams , resulting in their deaths in real life .
This is another film that 's been having a ton of reshoots , and there are rumors it 's a bit troubled .
Why we 're pumped : Haley was pretty great as Rorschach in Watchmen , and we 're always game to see him play another psychopath .
Advertisement
Iron Man 2 ( May 7 )
What it 's about :
The sequel to 2008 's most pleasant surprise , a superhero film that sported interesting characters and memorable performances .
Robert Downey Jr. is back as Tony Stark , and this time the U.S. military wants the Iron Man " weapon " he 's created .
But he 's going to need that suit to survive Mickey Rourke 's zappy - whip assault .
Why we 're pumped : Iron Man really was a cut above most superhero films , thanks to a mixture of body horror ( his heart is battery powered ) and wry humor .
We 're hoping that the " superhero sequel clutter " problem does n't drag this film down , and Downey and director Jon Favreau can recapture the magic .
Advertisement
Jonah Hex ( June 18 )
What it 's about : A gunslinger in the old West battles supernatural evil , based loosely on the DC Comics series .
Why we 're pumped :
We were startled by how exciting our glimpse of this film at Comic Con turned out to be — the footage was frenetic and surreal , with vampires bursting out of the Earth and Jonah Hex barfing up a crow .
We were left wanting much more , to our amazement .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Toy Story 3 ( June 18 )
What it 's about :
The long - awaited third installment in the series about sentient playthings picks up when the toys ' owner goes off to college — and not all of the toys are going to get to stay .
Why we 're pumped :
The first two films were nearly flawless and built up a great mythology of the toys ' metafictional universes .
And we 're dying for more Buzz Lightyear catch phrases .
Advertisement
The Last Airbender ( July 2 )
What it 's about : M. Night Shyamalan adapts the super - popular animated series about Aang , who has power over the element of air and tries to save his world from the warlike Fire Nation .
Why we 're pumped :
We loved the animated series , and our visit to this film 's set was pretty encouraging .
Shyamalan has long since used up his last dregs of good will , but at least this time he 's working with great source material , and he seems to be taking it seriously .
And maybe a change of pace is what he 's needed .
Advertisement
Despicable Me ( July 9 )
What it 's about : Steve Carrell voices the supervillain Gru , who wants to remain the worst evildoer on Earth .
( This is actually just one of two animated supervillain movies coming out this year , with the other one , Megamind , coming out towards the end of the year and starring Will Ferrell . )
Why we 're pumped : Carrell seems like a good choice to play a bumbling supervillain , and the trailer contains lots of superheroic slapstick .
Could be fun .
At least it 's not Ferrell .
Advertisement
Predators ( July 9 )
What it 's about : Producer Robert Rodriguez and director Nimrod Antal relaunch the series about aliens who hunt humans for sport , this time on an alien planet where a few humans are kidnapped and forced to fight for their lives .
Why we 're pumped :
If anybody can make Predators cool again , it 's the man who gave us Planet Terror .
This is based on the Predator script Rodriguez wrote years ago , so it 's a passion project for him .
And yet , the casting of Adrien Brody and Topher Grace makes us very , very nervous .
Advertisement
Inception ( July 16 )
What it 's about : Christopher Nolan ( The Dark Knight ) brings us an original science - fiction story , in which cities melt and Ellen Page screams " Wake me up ! "
Why we 're pumped :
It 's Nolan , doing what looks like a riff on The Matrix .
And we 're glad he 's taking a break from Bat - movies to do something original and — hopefully — thought - provoking .
This might be the film we 're most eager to discover more about in 2010 .
Advertisement
Priest ( August 20 )
What it 's about : Paul Bettany , our new go - to guy for supernatural action , stars in an adaptation of the TokyoPop comic set in a world where vampires and humans have been at war for decades .
Bettany is a warrior priest who defies orders and goes after some vampires who have kidnapped his niece .
Why we 're pumped :
It 's got post - apocalyptic violence , deadly vampires , and Bettany inflicting more supernatural violence .
Plus what we saw of the comic was pretty great .
Advertisement
Red Dawn ( November 24 )
What it 's about : Chinese and Russian troops attack a small town in America , and the town 's teenagers are the only ones who can mount a defense , in this remake of the 1980s classic .
Why we 're pumped :
It 's a weird mixture of apocalyptic and alternate history , but this film 's early photos showing the American town plastered with scary signs in Chinese and Russian got us all pumped .
Advertisement
Tron Legacy ( December 17 )
What it 's about : Disney finally makes a sequel to the 1980s video - game classic , and Jeff Bridges is back , playing his original character as well as a ( possibly evil ) computerized version .
Why we 're pumped :
The new footage of lightcycles at Comic Con 2008 blew our brains out , and every glimpse since then has just gotten us more stoked .
And Bridges seems to be one of those actors who really does make everything he's in better , so two versions of Bridges seems like a good bet .
Advertisement
The Green Hornet ( December 22 )
What it 's about :
Another troubled production , this adaptation of the classic radio and TV superhero serial lost its director and co-star Stephen Chow .
Seth Rogen 's still on board playing the newspaperman whose super - sidekick is more famous than he is .
Why we 're pumped : Really only one reason : Michel Gondry .
The director of some of our favorite films of the past decade stepped in to replace Chow , and this instantly flew to the top of our must - see list , even if Gondry had n't sealed the deal by rapping about it .
Advertisement
Additional reporting by Josh C. Snyder .
The private tracker EliteBits was raided on Friday .
The site admin had a visit at his home by a court official accompanied by staff from a law firm who work for an anti-piracy group .
They allegedly traced him via the bank account used to accept donations from members .
The administrator of the private EliteBits BitTorrent tracker has been explaining how he received some unwelcome visitors last week .
Known by his nickname ‘ Laeborg ’ , the Denmark - based admin had a knock on his front door at 7:00 am on Friday .
There he was confronted by a man from the enforcement court , accompanied by three men from Johan Schlüter Advokatfirma , a law firm that works with Danish anti-piracy group , Antipiratgruppen .
After producing screenshots from EliteBits , information on the bank account used to collect site donations and a warrant , they explained that they had come to secure evidence to show Laeborg was involved in the illegal distribution of copyright works .
The man from the enforcement court contacted lawyer Benny Thomson to represent Laeborg , who was told not to use his phone on concerns he could use it to destroy evidence .
“ The collection of evidence started when they asked me to turn on my computer which I did , ” Laeborg explains .
“ They asked me to go to elitebits .org where they took screenshots of my profile and screenshots of the statusbar that says : “ Welcome , Laeborg ( Owner ) . ”
They went on to take screenshots of all the staff profiles , the Top 10 downloaders , Top 50 uploaders and various other lists , including uploaded torrents .
A list of donors who contributed via bank transfer was discovered and screenshots of all their profiles were taken .
Laeborg was informed that he had been traced via the bank account used to accept these donations from site members .
After taking screenshots of hashes and NFOs linked to a pair of torrent files , Laeborg was asked for the user database .
He explained that he could n’t provide it and they would need to speak to host Netdirekt .
Various “ non-legal ” CDs and DVDs were seized from Laeborg ’s office for destruction , with an assurance that the contents would n’t be examined .
The evidence was copied to a USB drive and the group left .
“ My lawyer stayed and we talked the whole thing through , ” Laeborg recalls .
“ I told him the basic concepts about the site .
He says that they wo n’t have enough evidence to make me pay for the all the stuff shared , but it is possible that they will take down EliteBits.org . ”
• Investors call for review of oil production in Alberta •
Tar sands deliver less than 2.5 % of total oil and gas production
Shell chief executive Peter Voser will be forced to defend the company 's controversial investment in Canada 's tar sands at his first annual general meeting , after calls from shareholders that the project be put under further scrutiny .
A coalition of institutional investors has forced a resolution onto the agenda calling for the Anglo - Dutch group 's audit committee to undertake a special review of the risks attached to the carbon - heavy oil production at Athabasca in Alberta .
Co-operative Asset Management and 141 other institutional and individual shareholders raise " concerns for the long - term success of the company arising from the risks associated with oil sands . "
Shell , which will hold its AGM in May , has been one of the lead companies in moves to develop oil reserves that are either mined or sucked out of the ground using expensive and energy - intensive techniques .
BP and Total of France are also engaged in the sector .
Shell has insisted that " unconventional " hydrocarbon sources such as tar sands are all justified to ensure that the world does not run out of oil too soon .
But environmentalists have ­condemned their exploitation as " the biggest environmental crime in history " and said it must be stopped before it tips the planet over into runaway climate change .
Al Gore , former US vice - president and Naomi Klein , the author and campaigner , urged the Canadian government to abandon its support for tar sands at the climate change talks in Copenhagen .
Shell disputes the scale of the pollution but also says it will use carbon , capture and storage techniques to mitigate any negative impact .
This argument has not stopped environmentalists – or shareholders – from opposing the plans .
" Given Shell 's level of commitment to oil sands there is a greater obligation to shareholders to reassure how it would cope under a number of scenarios , " said Niall O'Shea , head of responsible investing at Co-operative Asset Management .
" What if carbon capture and storage proves too costly in the oil sands ?
What if sustained high oil prices and carbon regulation lead to switching away from marginal , high - cost , high - carbon sources ?
And then there 's the cost of cleaning up the locality .
Companies must be more rigorous and transparent with their investors , " he added .
John Sauven , executive director of Greenpeace UK said he was pleased that the Co-op and other investors were putting the oil company on the spot .
" The exploitation of the tar sands is an environmental scandal on a massive scale , and is set to become a campaign battleground for years to come , " he said .
But Shell played down the significance of the shareholder rebellion over tar sands and pointed out this unconventional source represented less than 2.5 % of total oil and gas production .
" The resolution is basically a request for further information around the economics and other aspects of our oil sands operations .
The resolution is submitted by shareholders representing some 0.15 % of our total outstanding shares , " it said in a formal response .
But Catherine Howarth , chief executive of FairPensions , which has ­coordinated shareholder opposition to the tar sands investments , described the move as ­historic .
" All ( shareholders ) are united in ­registering concern with the risks involved in Canadian oil sands .
We expect that Shell 's 2010 AGM could prove a ­watershed in the history of corporate accountability , " she said .
WASHINGTON  Osama bin Laden , the leader of Al Qaeda , spoke publicly for the first time about the botched Christmas Day airliner bombing , praising the attempt  but not explicitly taking responsibility for it  in an audiotape broadcast Sunday that was aimed personally at President Obama .
Mr. bin Laden said that the bombing attempt was a heroic act meant to recall the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks in New York and Washington .
He warned that more strikes against the United States were looming because of American support for what he called Israel ’s repression of the Palestinians , one of Mr. bin Laden ’s recurring themes in his occasional audiotaped anti-West invectives .
“ America will never dream of security unless we will have it in reality in Palestine , ” Mr. bin Laden said .
“ God willing , our raids on you will continue as long as your support to the Israelis will continue . ”
Mr. bin Laden said his statement was “ from Osama to Obama . ”
The one - minute recording , broadcast by Al Jazeera ’s Arabic news channel , was the first time Mr. bin Laden , who is believed to be hiding in Pakistan near the Afghanistan border , had issued an audiotape in four months .
Baghdad , Iraq ( CNN ) -- Saddam Hussein's cousin Ali Hassan al - Majeed -- also known as Chemical Ali -- was executed Monday , an Iraqi government spokesman said .
He was hanged after having been convicted on 13 counts of killings and genocide , Ali al - Dabagh said .
Al - Majeed had been sentenced to death in four separate trials , including one that focused on his involvement in a poison gas attack against Iraqi Kurds that killed about 5,000 people .
His execution had been delayed for political rather than legal reasons .
It is not clear what change , if any , led to the reported execution .
Al - Majeed had been held in United States custody since his capture in 2003 .
But he was handed over to the Iraqi authorities in the 24 hours before his execution , U.S. Ambassador Christopher Hill told CNN 's Diana Magnay on Monday .
The 1988 poison gas attack on the village of Halabja , which earned al - Majeed his nickname , was part of the Anfal campaign , in which the Hussein regime killed at least 100,000 Iraqi Kurds .
The campaign is believed to be worst poison gas attack on civilians ever .
Al - Majeed was sentenced to death separately for his role in putting down a Shiite uprising against Hussein in 1991 , and for his part in putting down a Baghdad revolt in 1999 .
Estimates of the Shiite death toll in the 1991 rebellion range from 20,000 to 100,000 .
Al - Majeed was convicted of playing a key part in the slaughter during the revolt in southern Iraq that followed the 1991 Persian Gulf War .
One of his co-defendants in the Anfal case , Sultan Hashem , is a prominent Sunni leader who is considered a key player in efforts to reconcile the country 's once - dominant Sunni community with the Shiite majority that now wields political power .
Hashem was also sentenced to death , but Iraq 's Sunni Arab Vice - President Tariq al - Hashimi has long refused to sign his execution order .
That delayed the execution of al - Majeed and another defendant as well .
Iraqi law requires all three members of the Iraqi presidency council -- the president and two vice - presidents -- to sign execution orders .
It does not say what happens if they do not sign .
CNN 's Yousif Bassil contributed to this report .
No matter how wonderful your scissors are , eventually they are going to get dull .
The more you use them , the more they have items on the surface that will wear down the blades .
You can purchase expensive new scissors or a sharpening stone , or you could just take them into the kitchen and sharpen them on a piece of tin foil .
Tin foil has been used by crafters and hobbyists for years to sharpen scissors .
With very simple directions , you 'll find it the easiest way to take them from dull to like new once again .
LAS VEGAS , Jan. 6 / PRNewswire -FirstCall/ -- Royal Philips Electronics ( NYSE : PHG , AEX : PHI ) and Songbird today announced a strategic partnership to include the Songbird media player on the 2010 line of Philips GoGear portable audio video players .
Philips Songbird , one simple program to discover , play , and sync music and media , will be available worldwide for the 2010 line - up of Philips GoGear players including the new GoGear Muse , GoGear Vibe , GoGear Mix , GoGear Aria , GoGear Spark , GoGear Raga , and GoGear Cam .
Philips Songbird enables consumers to transfer their music collection to their GoGear portable audio video players , share playlists , find new music , purchase songs over the web , sync videos and photos and discover favorite bands that will be playing in their area .
Consumers can add media to Songbird by importing their CD collection and from the music that is already on their PC .
The first set of integrated partners for Songbird include the 7 Digital and Songkick online stores .
7 Digital makes recommendations for new music based on what customers have actually been listening to recently , while Songkick notifies listeners when their favorite bands and artists are coming to town and lets them buy tickets right from Songbird .
" Creating a fun and engaging experience for our consumers is paramount , which is why we chose Songbird .
It gives consumers one simple program that works with all our portable devices . " said Jasper Vervoort , Director of Strategy and Business Development , Philips Consumer Lifestyle .
" Songbird is also an open platform , which means it gives consumers choice and offers opportunities for developers , web media / content , and commerce providers to offer an even more compelling , differentiated consumer experience " .
Philips GoGear and Songbird
Philips Songbird will be available worldwide for the GoGear players beginning in March 2010 .
More information about each of the devices as well as Philips Songbird can be found online at www.philips.com/songbird.
GoGear hardware can be purchased at major retailers in the U.S. and throughout the world .
" We are thrilled to have forged a strong partnership with Philips , " said Jerrell Jimerson , CEO of Songbird .
" For too long people who wanted to enjoy their music on the go have been forced to endure difficult solutions for transferring content to their portable devices .
The Philips Songbird media player will offer a simple , flexible way to discover , download , manage and sync music for millions of Philips customers around the world . "
About Royal Philips Electronics
Royal Philips Electronics of the Netherlands ( NYSE : PHG , AEX : PHI ) is a diversified Health and Well - being company , focused on improving people 's lives through timely innovations .
As a world leader in healthcare , lifestyle and lighting , Philips integrates technologies and design into people - centric solutions , based on fundamental customer insights and the brand promise of " sense and simplicity " .
Headquartered in the Netherlands , Philips employs more than 118,000 employees in more than 60 countries worldwide .
With sales of EUR 26 billion in 2008 , the company is a market leader in cardiac care , acute care and home healthcare , energy efficient lighting solutions and new lighting applications , as well as lifestyle products for personal well - being and pleasure with strong leadership positions in flat TV , male shaving and grooming , portable entertainment and oral healthcare .
News from Philips is located at www.philips.com/newscenter.
About Songbird
Headquartered in San Francisco , Songbird was founded in 2006 with the vision of delivering a free and open media player for people to find new music , listen to old favorites and experience a deeper connection to the music they love .
Today , Songbird is also available on a variety of portable media players and smart phones , so people can enjoy their media on the go .
Songbird is built by a group of designers and developers that have previously worked on Winamp , Netscape Navigator , and Mozilla Firefox .
Thousands of developers passionate about music , media , and open source platforms have contributed to Songbird by writing code and creating new features that bring the best of the open media web to the newest generation of smart phones and media players .
About 7digital
Established in 2004 , 7digital is a leading digital media delivery company based in London and operating globally .
Through 7digital 's download store ( www.7digital.com) consumers can access over 8,000,000 legal high quality MP3 music tracks as well as audio - books and videos at competitive prices across 16 countries in Europe and North America .
Combining 7digital 's secure and robust technology platform with the broadest agreements in the digital media industry , the company provides comprehensive digital download services to a wide range of partners around the world .
7digital have worked with record companies , artists , FMCG brands , retailers , consumer electronics companies , fashion brands , advertising agencies and many other organizations to harness the power of digital entertainment - music , video , audio - books and e-books - to engage customers .
For more information visit www.7digital.com/business.
About Songkick.com
Songkick is the home for live music online .
Fans can track their favorite artists and Songkick alerts them when they announce a tour , with links to the cheapest tickets .
After the gig , they can see and share photos , videos , posters , and setlists .
Songkick is the largest database of concert information in the world with over 1.2 million concerts from 1960 to the present day .
SOURCE Royal Philips Electronics
Obama aims to ax moon mission ( orlandosentinel.com )
NASA ’s plans to return astronauts to the moon are dead .
So are the rockets being designed to take them there — that is , if President Barack Obama gets his way .
White House to Outsource Space Flight ( foxnews.com / scitech )
NASA ’s Constellation program should replace our aging fleet of space shuttles , which make their last flight in July .
But reports indicate Obama may eliminate the program entirely , leaving the U.S. relying on Russian vehicles for space transportation .
Outsourcing space flight is a better option for the future of space travel , because it will reduce costs and spur innovation .
NASA should set a price per pound to orbit , or to the moon , and let businesses compete and innovate to meet the goal .
Some of the biggest innovations in air - travel were the result of the USPS using this same model to handle the costs of airmail .
That last paragraph sounds fairly reasonable , does n’t it ?
But wait ; there is a problem , I ’ve tricked myself again .
I ’ve allowed myself to be seduced by the ends side of the force .
If I am not careful , forever will it dominate my destiny , consume me it will ..
When it comes to spending money on NASA , I usually keep my mouth shut because I like the benefits from NASA .
I craftily push out of consciousness the dangers in using the - ends - justify - the - means arguments by focusing only on the good things about NASA .
NASA is far from worthless ; benefits from NASA programs include –
Good Science –
We have a much better understanding of Earth ’s environment , and by environment I do n’t mean just what happens on Earth .
Our real environment is a big as the universe .
Technological Spin-offs – The Apollo program shows what happens when you have a concentration of geeks in one area ; they will solve problems you did n’t know existed .
Geeks are not at the top of the ego charts and work well together to achieve goals .
Survival of our species – If Earth takes a big hit from an asteroid , humans could be gone forever .
The sooner humans spread out from Earth , the better the changes for our survival .
The budget crisis will continue to grow as long as we are unwilling to forgo the guilty pleasures of government spending .
NASA is just one in a long list of guilty pleasures Americans have indulged in .
The love of money is facing stiff competition from the love of force to do good , as the root of all evil .
The love of force to do good easily seduces the purest of hearts , who are unwilling to delay gratification of good goals .
The philosophy of the ends justifying the means is retarding evolutionary progress towards respecting life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness .
Maybe there is a yet to be discovered force of nature slowing our progress in the conquest of space , until we are ready to respect the rights of others species we will encounter .
Even when the fate of our species hangs in the balance , it ’s wrong to use force to preserve our species .
We are n’t a species worthy of survival if we are willing to force others to our vision of what is beneficial .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) 
The Transportation Security Administration on Thursday dropped the subpoenas it had issued to two Internet writers in its effort to learn who leaked an airline security directive .
The agency said the investigation was “ nearing a successful conclusion , and the subpoenas are no longer in effect . ”
The security directive ordered extra measures after a Christmas Day attack on a Detroit - bound airliner .
One subpoena went to an Internet travel writer , Chris Elliott of Winter Springs , Fla. , who did not immediately comply .
Mr. Elliott said agents showed up at his house , demanding that he reveal who leaked the directive .
Apple has confirmed a rumored January 27 special event by sending out invitations to select media outlets .
The event will take place at 10 am Pacific Time on Wednesday , January 27 at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco .
The invitation , as usual , is nonspecific as to what will be introduced , though there are subtle hints that indicate that it will be related to creative activities .
Apple has long been expected to introduce an oft - rumored Apple tablet sometime this month , with buzz ramping up over the last several weeks that an event would occur either on the 26th or 27th of January .
That 's about the only semi-solid piece of information about the Apple tablet , though — other rumors have included the possibility of Verizon being involved , a new SDK and tablet " simulator " for developers , " unexpected " UI features , and more .
Some expect the tablet to be heavily aimed at promoting the publishing industry and e-books , though others suspect that it will be more geared towards visual artists and music / video consumption .
We 'll soon find out which rumors were on track and which were n't — assuming this is a tablet announcement , that is .
The invitation reads " Come see our latest creation " and features colorful paint splatters .
With Apple supposedly telling some developers to prepare their App Store offerings for a higher - resolution screen demo , it will undoubtedly be an exciting event for both users and developers alike .
We 'll be there covering it live , so tune in to Ars to get all the details as they 're happening .
Brandon defenseman Colby Robak
The 2008 Entry Draft remains a focal point for many Florida Panthers fans ; lacking a pick in the first round , Florida 's scouting staff made the most of what could have been a tough day by jumping at prized Swedish goaltender Jacob Markstrom with the 31st selection .
We 're all aware of his increasing name recognition and potential , but perhaps overlooked has been the Cats ' follow - up pick from the same round .
Defenseman Colby Robak - currently in his fourth season with the WHL's Brandon Wheat Kings - has dramatically increased his point totals in each successive campaign .
With a goal and assist Saturday against Edmonton , the 6 ' - 3 " 207 - lb blueliner boasts an impressive 9g - 36 a - 45 p resume .
Proficiency at both ends of the ice is evidenced by a +33 rating , and he 's already surpassed last year 's numbers in the regular season .
Speaking of 2008 - 09 , 14 points ( 6g ) in twelve playoff games is about as solid a stat as can be asked for from a 19 - year old ready to move on to the next level .
Playing within a roster which includes such high - profile picks as forwards Brayden Schenn and Scott Glennie , the Wheat Kings occupy ( at press time ) the third spot in the WHL's Eastern Conference .
But the defense is all about assistant captain Robak .
He 's currently ranked by Hockey 's Future as the fifth - best defensive prospect in the Florida organization : a list which includes the names of Dmitry Kulikov , Keaton Ellerby , Jason Garrison , and Michael Caruso above him .
That 's solid company , especially considering Robak is still in Juniors .
A native of Gilbert Plains , Manitoba ( population : 750 and hometown to one of my early heroes ) , Colby was kind enough to spend a few minutes with The Box last week .
*
Whale4ever : How did you settle on defense as your chosen position ?
Colby Robak : Growing up I was always a little bigger than the other guys ; my parents and coaches said " Let 's throw you back on defense and see how far it goes " .
And so far , so good .
W4E : What 's the significance - if any - for wearing number 4 ?
CR : No significance .
As a 16 - year old it was like whatever numbers were left was what you got .
Number 4 was left and Kelly [ McCrimmon , Brandon head coach ] gave it to me ; it 's stuck ever since .
W4E : Do you have a backup number , in case Dennis Seidenberg signs a ten - year extension with Florida ?
CR : No backup number ; I 'll take what they give me .
W4E : Regarding the Panthers ' rookie camp in September : any good stories come from it or all business ?
Hit the ice in the morning and right back to the hotel ?
CR : It was a really good time ; I mean , meeting all the young guys like [ Keaton ] Ellerby and [ Kenndal ] McArdle and all those guys .
It was a lot of fun .
You'd get up in the morning and go to the rink and hang out with [ with them ] , and the training staff , and the whole organization .
It was fun .
W4E : Get a chance to spend time with some of the veterans ?
CR : It was easy to get along with everbody ; if there was something you wanted to do , there was always a group of guys to hang with and you just jumped in with them .
You 've got to do what you 've got to do , and everyone was helpful .
It was like that all the way through camp .
Got along with everyone and it was a good time .
W4E : Do you keep in touch with any of your fellow Florida prospects ?
CR : Oh yeah , the guys that were drafted in my [ 2008 ] group I keep in touch with quite a bit .
A.J. Jenks and Adam Comrie .
W4E : You mentioned Jenks ; spoken to him since wrapping up the World Junior Championship ?
CR : I texted him not long after ; it 's a huge tournament and it 's worldwide .
I 'll give him a few weeks to let it all settle down a bit .
W4E : Finishing up on rookie camp , what were your thoughts on IncredibleICE , the Panthers ' newly - renovated practice complex ?
You folks were quite probably the first to use the new addition in an official capacity .
CR : It 's unbelievable .
I mean , the workout facility , the ice surface .
It 's hard to explain it .
Everything you need is right there .
Something to be proud of , absolutely .
W4E : ( Obvious Question Time )
Turning to the day you were drafted , what was your fondest memory of the event ?
CR : I 'd have to say getting your name called .
I mean , it 's every kid 's dream to have your named called by an NHL team .
That would definitely be my favorite memory .
W4E : Where 's the draft sweater hanging today ?
CR : It 's in my parent 's basement at home along with my other jerseys .
So it 's serving its purpose down there .
W4E : Seen any Panthers games on TV or otherwise this year ?
CR : Well , with them be so far down in the states it 's pretty hard to get there .
Whenever they 're in Toronto or Calgary , I 've caught a few of those games .
W4E : What was your favorite team while growing up ?
CR : Colorado Avalanche .
I was a big Joe Sakic fan and Ray Bourque when he was there .
W4E : Who was the player you most admired ?
CR : I 'd have to say it was Nicklas Lidstrom ; definitely another guy I looked up to quite a bit , being a defenseman .
He could move the puck , his skating 's amazing .
W4E : Name a few players who 've been particularly helpful to your career in the WHL .
CR : When I was younger , Dustin Kohn , who was drafted by the Islanders , really helped me out .
Every year there 's a new player ; last year it was my defensive partner Keith Aulie , he really helped me grow as a player .
This year , we just picked up Travis Hamonic , another Islanders guy who played for Team Canada .
It 's been a lot of good guys .
W4E : Any recollection of playing against Ellerby or Michal Repik when both were in the Western League ?
CR : Yeah , I actually remember playing against both , when Repik was in Vancouver and Keaton was with Moose Jaw .
With Ellerby what I remember was when he was on the ice his skating ; he was a great skater and that 's stuck with him .
W4E : What 's your greatest strength as a player ?
CR : I 'd have to say it 's my skating .
That 's something I 've worked on quite a bit .
Probably my biggest asset is leg strength ... I use my legs to check people rather than my stick , so that 's been helpful .
W4E : What would you target for improvement ?
CR : Being a little more physical .
Being one of the bigger guys on the ice I do n't think I use my size enough to my advantage .
It 's something I 've been working on .
W4E : Ideally , where do you see yourself next season ?
CR : Just like everyone else : in a Florida Panthers jersey .
W4E : Who outside of hockey has been your biggest inspiration ?
CR : My parents .
They gave up so much to let me continue what I 'm doing for my career , so definitely my parents .
W4E : Best personal moment in hockey ?
CR : Draft day .
Something I 'll remember forever .
W4E : You 're currently playing which videogame ?
CR : Right now it 's the new Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 .
Very addicted to it .
Our whole team plays it .
W4E : Final question : seen Slap
Shot how many times ?
CR : ( laughs )
Oh , I lost count ... way too many !
Keep an eye on Robak as the season progresses at the Wheat Kings ' official site .
And undoubtedly , next fall 's training camp will have a buzz around this superb player on the rise .
My special thanks to Colby , Brandon 's Matt McNish , and The Copper & Blue 's Derek Zona .
The sleek Infiniti G37 Cindy Marsh bought last August was the car of her dreams , equipped with the latest keyless electronics technology that allows her to start the engine with the touch of a button .
But right away , the system gave her trouble .
To get the engine started , she would sometimes have to tap the power button repeatedly .
Sometimes it would n’t start unless she opened and closed the car doors , Marsh recalled .
She eventually adapted to the system ’s quirks but said that even now she is n’t sure how to shut off the engine in an emergency .
“ I do n’t know if I ever read it in the owners manual or not , ” said Marsh , who lives in Columbus , Ohio .
Advertisement
Old - school car keys appear headed for extinction , as automakers rush to install wireless systems that allow drivers to unlock their doors and start their engines with an electronic fob that they never have to take out of their purse or pocket .
Introduced less than a decade ago on luxury models , the push - button systems are rapidly spreading to all segments of the market , including bargain - priced Kias .
The number of models with them as standard or optional equipment has quadrupled in the last five years .
Many drivers do n’t fully understand how the systems work , however , leaving them vulnerable to potentially serious safety problems .
In complaints to federal regulators , motorists have reported that they were unable to shut down engines during highway emergencies , including sudden acceleration events .
In other cases , parked vehicles accidentally rolled away and engines were left running for hours without their owners realizing it .
Advertisement
And although traditional keys all work the same way and are universally understood by consumers , automakers have adopted different procedures for using the keyless ignition systems .
As a result , owners may not know how to operate their own cars in an emergency , let alone a rented or borrowed car .
“ Where you have a second to make an emergency maneuver , you should n’t have to search around for the right procedure to use on a switch , ” said Henry Jasny , general counsel at Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety , a nonprofit group based in Washington , D.C. , that pushes for laws to make roads safer .
Standards weighed
The risk is considered serious enough that federal regulators and an auto industry trade group are looking at adopting standard procedures .
Advertisement
All of the systems rely on a similar architecture that uses a fob : a small transmitter that communicates with the vehicle ’s computer .
The fob can automatically open door locks when the owner approaches the vehicle , and then the engine can be started with just the push of a power button on the dashboard .
But to shut down the engine while the vehicle is moving , drivers must hold down the power button for one to three full seconds , depending on the make .
In some cases , two or three successive taps on the button will work .
Mercedes - Benz allows drivers to kill the engine with a single push of the power button , but only if the transmission is in neutral .
At least one manufacturer prevents emergency engine shutdowns if the vehicle is moving at less than 5 mph .
Industry officials say that the devices have become wildly popular with buyers and that glitches will be eliminated through the normal course of technological improvements , making new regulations unnecessary .
“ We really have n’t seen too much confusion with these systems , ” said Dave Proefke , a vehicle security engineer at General Motors Co .
Advertisement
“ As they become more widely adopted , I think we ’ll find that they converge in how they operate , ” he said .
Besides offering convenience for motorists , Proefke said , the technology gives auto designers greater styling freedom because there ’s no longer the need for a key cylinder in the steering column .
It also benefits older people who have difficulty removing keys from their pockets or turning a key in a lock .
And “ it has that cool factor , ” said Dan Edmunds , director of vehicle testing at www.edmunds.com, an Internet automobile research site .
Auto safety experts say the industry needs to do a better job explaining the functions of advanced technology to motorists and needs to adopt common operating procedures .
Advertisement
Automakers are offering the systems on 155 models this year , compared with 41 in the 2006 model year , according to Edmunds.com .
Ford Motor is planning to make keyless ignition an option in its entry - level 2011 Fiesta , due out later this year .
Freeway panic
But some owners say that confusing software rules have put them in peril .
Wally Brithinee was in his 2007 Toyota Avalon last August when it began to speed out of control on Interstate 5 near San Diego .
Thinking quickly , Brithinee , president of an electric motor repair business in Colton , pressed the sedan ’s power button , but nothing happened .
Advertisement
“ This car is n’t stopping , ” he told a passenger as he felt panic swelling in his chest .
“ I really did n’t know what to do at that point . ”
Five terrifying miles later , Brithinee managed to halt the runaway Avalon by braking hard and shifting to a lower gear .
He walked away unharmed .
All that could have been avoided , he later learned , had he depressed the button for a full three seconds , the emergency shut - off procedure used in Toyota Motor Corp. vehicles .
A keyless ignition system may also have played a role in the Aug. 29 crash that took the life of California Highway Patrol Officer Mark Saylor and three members of his family when a Lexus ES 350 lent to Saylor by a car dealer accelerated out of control to speeds of more than 120 mph before hitting an embankment in suburban San Diego County .
Some safety experts believe that a warning label should be included on the dashboard , telling motorists how to shut off the engine .
But industry analysts say manufacturers typically resist installing such labels .
Advertisement
What ’s more , automakers maintain that shutting off the engine may not be the best option in an emergency , because doing so will cause the driver to lose power steering and possibly braking ability .
Toyota has blamed the San Diego accident on a floor mat that trapped the accelerator pedal .
But a September memorandum by investigators for the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration also identified the Lexus ’ push - button ignition as one of the “ significant factors ” in the crash and noted that “ there was no ignition key ” that could shut down the engine or warning label on the power button to explain how to shut off the engine .
In the aftermath of the Saylor tragedy , Toyota issued a recall covering 4.3 million of its vehicles and said it would modify gas pedals , change floor padding and install new software .
Toyota spokesman John Hanson said the company is also discussing internally whether to change the function of its power button .
Advertisement
And Thursday , Toyota launched another recall targeting 2.3 million vehicles , including many of the models subject to the floor - mat recall , saying their gas pedals could stick .
Paul Green , a human factors expert at the University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute , said he sees the issue with keyless technology as part of a growing problem of high - tech features being introduced faster than the industry is able to agree on common operating procedures .
“ The amount of research we are doing is not adequate , ” Green said .
Motorists are confused even when they pay top dollar for advanced features .
The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety found in a recent survey that a majority of owners of Infinitis equipped with automatic lane departure warning systems did not know that a button on the steering wheel turned the system on and off .
Advertisement
“ They had no idea that they had a button on the steering wheel that could activate the system , ” said Russ Rader , a spokesman for the institute .
The highway safety administration said in a statement that it has begun to look into possible standards for the keyless systems .
And the Society of Automotive Engineers formed a committee in July to examine keyless technology and “ study a possible standard on how long the ignition button should be depressed to shut off the engine . ”
But new federal safety rules or industry standards typically can take years to adopt .
The scrutiny is coming eight years after the first system was introduced by Mercedes - Benz .
Abetting thefts
Advertisement
Beyond safety problems , the push - button technology has some idiosyncrasies that have left motorists stranded but also provided loopholes for car thieves .
In early General Motors vehicles with push - button start systems , owners would sometimes shut down the engines with the transmission still in gear .
That would not electronically lock the ignition system , and thieves soon found they could simply get in the vehicle , push the start button and drive away , said Forrest Folck , a forensic mechanic in San Diego who investigated the issue for an insurance company .
“ Cars were being stolen all over the United States , ” he said .
Advertisement
Larry Stewart , a former Times sportswriter , discovered an opposite problem with the technology in his 2007 Toyota Camry .
After he parked at a Granada Hills restaurant last summer , the car would not start .
The tow truck driver who came to Stewart ’s rescue was n’t surprised , telling Stewart he had been there several times recently for the same reason .
The driver blamed the problem on stray radio signals , possibly from a powerful police or fire station transmitter nearby .
He towed the car 100 yards , and it started immediately .
“ It ’s really unnerving that such a thing could happen , ” said Stewart , who lives in Arcadia .
Advertisement
Even GM engineers found themselves in the same situation when they parked test vehicles at a Detroit - area shopping mall and found that the keyless ignition system was disabled , according to Proefke , the GM expert .
“ It was a dead zone , ” he said .
Proefke said the problem was traced to interference from a nearby nightclub ’s lighting system , which was broadcasting unlicensed high - power radio signals .
ralph.vartabedian @latimes.com
Advertisement
ken.bensinger@latimes.com
When Mr. Thomson was forced out in 2007 , Mr. Weill was one of his first calls : “ I unloaded to Sandy , ” Mr. Thomson says .
For Mr. Weill , calls like these  coupled with the collapsing share price  burned ; they made him want to act .
Starting in late 2007 , he began approaching some members of Citi ’s board about returning to help with its recovery .
He tried first when the board was looking to replace Mr. Prince as C.E.O. , and later after Vikram Pandit got the job .
At the time , Mr. Weill imagined that he would be welcomed .
“ I had 50 years of experience , ” he says .
“ I think I was a pretty good student of the markets , and the business .
I had a good feel of things .
I felt that just because I retired did n’t mean my brain went to mush .
Maybe I could help . ”
No one responded to his offers .
The rejection stung .
Citigroup had for so long been central to his life .
It was hard to accept that he had no control or influence over it anymore .
“ It ’s very hurtful .
Even though he says , ‘ No , no , it ’s fine , ’ ” says Joan Weill , his wife of 54 years .
“ I know him .
The company means so much to him .
It was his baby . ”
Mr. Weill continued to track it closely .
“ He was watching every movement of the stock ; he was reading everything , ” recalls Mike Masin , a longtime friend and a former chief operating officer of Citigroup .
“ We have had conversations about the fact that he has to make Citi less a part of his life . ”
One news item , in particular , was crushing : Last winter , The New York Post ran a picture of Mr. Weill on its front page with the headline , “ Pigs Fly : Citi Jets Ex-C.E.O. to Cabo . ”
He had taken the corporate plane to vacation in Mexico , weeks after Citi had accepted a $ 45 billion taxpayer bailout .
The flight provoked a public outcry and media frenzy .
Mr. Weill says he was horrified by being cast as a greedy , out - of - touch Wall Streeter taking advantage of taxpayers .
That is not how he sees himself or how he wants the public to see him .
The night the Post article came out , he issued a press release promising to never again use the Citi jet .
Absetzung von ZDF - Chefredakteur Brender Deutschland ist jetzt Berlusconi-Land
Roland Koch hat sich durchgesetzt , der missliebige Nikolaus Brender wird als ZDF - Chefredakteur abgesetzt .
Damit hat die Politik dem Sender das Rückgrat gebrochen .
Nicht nur der CDU - Ministerpräsident ist schuld - sondern alle , die ihn hätten aufhalten können .
NY - 23 : [ UPDATE ]
Hoffman Accuses Democrats of ‘ Stealing the Election ’
Created : November 03 , 2009 16:27 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
PLATTSBURGH , N.Y. —
At a short press availability in his campaign office here , NY - 23 Conservative Party candidate Doug Hoffman said that a GOTV volunteer ’s tires had been slashed , and all but blamed Democrats for the dirty trick .
“ There are reports that they ’re bringing in the troops and they ’re bringing in ACORN , ” said Hoffman .
“ I think the Democrats are doing anything they possibly can to steal this election away from the 23rd district . ”
The campaign gave reporters the name and phone number of Jeremy Kain , the volunteer who claimed to have his tires slashed , but asked to confirm whether he was accusing the Democrats of supressing the vote , Hoffman started to backtrack : ‘ We ’ve called in the police and the police will be investigating . ”
The campaign is pushing this story hard after a wave of morning reports that Hoffman ’s grassroots supporters were misbehaving .
Attacks on ACORN , and allegations that Democrats are trying to steal this election , have been striking components Hoffman ’s hard - edged late - game messaging .
Update : Anton Troianovski of the Wall Street Journal followed up with the Plattsburgh police on this , and was told that the volunteer actually damaged his tire on a broken bottle .
I asked Hoffman campaign manager Dan Tripp about this –he said he had no comment because the campaign had not heard this yet .
It ’s not unheard of for a candidate to make an accusation like this without having all the facts , but it ’s a strange sideshow in the final hours .
Seven Major Websites that Send Passwords Unprotected , and State Sponsored Deep Packet Inspection
January , 2010
I was having a conversation yesterday with my close friend and roommate Anson Tsai about websites that send user passwords in the clear .
This only matters , in theory , if there 's a man in the middle who can read your traffic .
So it was a huge coincidence that China was accused today of coordinating sophisticated cyberattacks in an attempt to access the GMail accounts of some Chinese human rights activists .
Putting two and two together , I started worrying about China 's ability to harvest passwords from Chinese users using deep packet inspection at their Great Firewall .
Countries like Iran have also come under attack for spying on its citizens online .
For example it would be bad if Twitter sent passwords insecurely given how instrumental Twitter was during the June elections and how the government was snooping on Internet traffic
And it 's only going to get worse as states get more sophisticated .
So I went through 36 top web sites and sniffed my computer 's network traffic while logging in to see if the fake password I entered was sent in plain sight .
Seven of the 36 sites I tested sent passwords in the clear , available for an Internet Service Provider to read .
That 's 20 % !!
Here are the sites that send passwords in the clear :
Slide
Wikipedia
hi5
Photobucket
Gamespot
Tudou
Taobao.com
Taobao.com and Tudou are Chinese .
Interestingly , 50 % of the Chinese websites I tested were offenders .
In ordinary contexts I would n't be worried about this , but because of some states ' unique Internet regimes I 'd guess that , to take an example , the Chinese government has passwords for at least half of its citizens .
Let 's do our best to fix this situation .
I do n't know anyone at the Chinese sites but let 's push our contacts at the other sites to fix their security bugs .
There are well known , easily implementable techniques for securing passwords sent back to a server .
It should n't be a big ask .
It will be difficult because the threats are not immediate or perceivable , but I think as top Internet properties these sites have a responsibility to use basic security practices to protect its users .
Expect a follow up report and please let us know in the comments if you can help or reach out to folks at Slide , Wikipedia , hi5 , Photobucket , or Gamespot !
Feel free to retweet .
Here 's a link to this post you can share : http://bit.ly/8f4Wsl.
Mind you , this is not a “ Green ” concept and neither does it claim to be “ Eco Friendly ” .
It ’s just a helpful solution for a tricky situation .
The situation being : you running out of juice on your mobile phone .
So what do you do ?
Remove the battery from the back of the phone ; give it a few good turns around your index finger and its gathered enough power to last you a conversation or a safe trip to your charger and electric point .
Designers : Song Teaho & Hyejin Lee
Pin Share Flip WhatsApp Pocket 741 Shares
If you open my cell phone you ’ll find a picture of Werner Herzog when he was 40 years old , directing Peruvian natives to pull his 340 - ton steamboat over a mountain for his 1982 film Fitzcarraldo .
When I found out that this same behemoth of renegade cinema , Werner Herzog , was opening the first ever Rogue Film School , I knew that this was the academic experience I had skipped grad school for .
The school ’s website confirmed it .
Herzog is quoted on the homepage :
The Rogue Film School is not for the faint - hearted ; it is for those who have traveled on foot , who have worked as bouncers in sex clubs or wardens in a lunatic asylum , for those who are willing to learn about lock picking or forging shooting permits in countries not favoring their projects …
Well , I had never done any of those things , but I understood his point and figured we were on the same page .
Earlier in the year , I had produced and directed my first feature film that I shot in Brooklyn with small donations from 150 friends and family members , a credit card , and a volunteer crew of thirty dedicated souls .
It was a gruesome shoot , and imagining Werner ’s steamboat is what often got me over the proverbial hill .
So I submitted an old short film , wrote the hell out of a 250 - word application essay , paid my $ 25 fee , and got accepted three weeks later .
Next came the challenging part .
Although I had gotten in , I soon learned that this would not be the twelve - student atelier that I had envisioned , but rather a fifty - person lecture .
The weekend seminar would cost a whopping $ 1,450 that I did n’t have , and after raising money for my feature I had no stomach to roll out another campaign .
At this point I asked myself : What would Werner Herzog do ?
Well , not only does the Rogue Film School ’s syllabus include forging shooting permits , but I also heard Herzog once say he stole a 35 mm camera from the Munich Film School because he “ had a natural right to take it . ”
It seemed like he was telling me to forge my way into his film school .
I was lucky in that , upon acceptance , the administrator sent out the exact location and schedule for the class .
My first thought was to confuse them during the Friday meet - and - greet and claim that I had paid .
If they argued , I would produce a counterfeit Paypal receipt and the seminar would be over by the time they cleared it .
Then I had a better idea — and one less punishable .
I should just sneak in .
They could n’t possibly check everyone ’s ID all the time , and there must be a backdoor to the conference room through which I could slip .
I showed up at the Wilshire Plaza Hotel ’s lobby bar to find forty or fifty young filmmakers milling about , with Werner Herzog himself at the center .
He was engaging his students , actively trying to meet each one individually .
Ages ranged from eighteen to forty , and each bright - eyed apprentice had a grey lanyard around his or her neck with a rectangular badge hanging from it .
These were the credentials that would get each student into the seminar .
I needed a closer look .
I perched myself near the bar as a pair of credentialed young ladies eagerly introduced themselves to me , assuming I was in the program and worth meeting .
When they saw my missing badge , they excused themselves , and then hesitated for fear of rudeness .
I seized the opportunity .
“ What is this thing you ’re all here for anyway ? ” I asked .
They were excited to tell me about it .
“ That man over there , Werner Herzog , is , well , our favorite film director , and — ”
“ What does this badge say ? ”
I grabbed the badge .
They enjoyed my curiosity , admiring their new prizes along with me .
We studied each letter together .
I felt like a secret agent .
I used my fingers to measure the border design , using my pinky finger to approximate the width of the top margin and my thumb for the left .
When we were done , I walked back to a booth and jotted down my notes on a napkin .
On my way home , I stopped at my cellist friend ’s apartment to peruse her collection of backstage passes , and found a white lanyard and accompanying plastic ID holder that were the approximate size and shape .
I spent two hours coloring the lanyard grey with marker and manufacturing the ID in Photoshop .
Everything was set .
No element of my fake credentials was perfect , so I threw on a scarf and blazer to obscure it and readied myself to be the pretentious film guy whom no one could talk to .
I walked past the stooge at the door with a nod and a smile .
He smiled back .
I was in .
The school was what you ’d expect .
He got lock picking out of the way at the outset and quickly moved on to forgeries .
He spoke of the World Trade Center antics of Phillipe Petit of Man on Wire fame , and recounted temporarily halting his shoot on the Peruvian Amazon only after getting shot at by a teenaged border guard .
Two days later Herzog returned from Lima with a “ beautiful ” four - page forgery adorned with three large signatures and an official - looking German stamp that translated : “ If you want the rights to this photograph , contact the owner of the copyright . ”
We went over practicalities like releases ( which he stressed ) and final cut ( which he de-emphasized ) .
He moderated discourse over boundaries for the grotesque , and showed clips from both his films and students ’ films to illustrate good versus bad camera movement , respectively .
I never introduced myself to Werner , as he had a habit of knowing every student and their films , and no trickster likes to be tricked .
And on the last day , two hours before the seminar wrapped , one of the administrators tapped me quietly on the shoulder and asked me my name .
I watched her double back to the desk , confer with her counterpart , and pick up her cell phone .
As I bolted down the stairs and out of the hotel , one piece of advice Werner gave us rang in my ears : “ When Klaus Kinski is foaming at the mouth , raging at you for two hours and a half … you must dazzle him by biting into the last piece of chocolate that you have . ”
Do n’t Mourn , Organize ! ”
This is the growing call from labor and progressive forces following the upset election in Massachusetts of Republican Scott Brown to fill Edward Kennedy ’s seat in the U.S. Senate .
Brown ’s election gives Senate Republicans , who have blocked every piece of legislation for people ’s needs , one more vote , threatening defeat of health care reform to which Kennedy devoted his career .
Even before the polls closed , the right - wing and the media began their spin that the president and Congress should forget their agenda and give in to Republican obstructionism
Such an approach would be a much larger disaster than the loss of one seat .
Voters were angry and looking for relief from the economic crisis : they did not see the jobs that were created from the stimulus ; they feared that their health benefits would be taxed or taken away ; and they did n’t hear Democrat Martha Coakley address their concerns .
Meanwhile Scott Brown used populist rhetoric and clips of JFK to claim the Kennedy legacy .
“ You see , ” said AFL - CIO president Richard Trumka , “ they believe that Wall St. is being taken care of .
They believe that corporate America is being taken care of .
They believe the insurers are being taken care of .
But they do n’t think that workers are being taken care of . ”
The Democratic Party in Massachusetts was divided after the primary elections , adding to the inability to get out the vote .
When national Republican strategists saw the opening of a weak Democratic campaign , their play book went into effect .
Millions of dollars were raised on - line from around the country , utilizing the teabaggers network built up over the summer .
TV airtime was filled with ads , and automated phone calls went into voters ’ homes .
Polls did not show that Coakley was in trouble until a couple of weeks before election day .
By the time a union get - out - the - vote program was put into place , and President Obama and Secretary of Labor Hilda Solis came to campaign , it was too little too late .
Most big - and - medium - sized cities and the small deindustrialized towns in western Massachusetts went for Coakley , but not in large enough numbers to carry her over the top .
During the campaign , union members knocked on over 56,000 doors and made over 760,000 phone calls .
The AFL - CIO sent 95,000 pieces of mail to member ’s homes .
A state labor leader told The Hill magazine , “ If officials go running to the center like some are calling for , and away from what they campaigned on , they learned exactly the wrong lesson from this election . ”
AFL - CIO political director Karen Ackerman agreed .
“ When a candidate is strong on the issues and has a strong campaign and makes the case , the union program can turn out voters for that candidate .
When the candidate is weak or has n’t been able to prove him or herself that they are fighters for working people , then it ’s very hard to turn people out , ” she said .
The anger and frustration about jobs and the economy is national .
To regain momentum , big , bold , decisive actions are required that will create millions of jobs and rebuild the economy .
It will take standing up to the opposition , not giving in .
An exit poll on health care conducted for Democrats for America showed that “ by a margin of three - to - two , former Obama voters who voted for Republican Scott Brown said the Senate health care bill “ does n’t go far enough . ”
Six - to - one Obama voters who stayed home agreed .
And to top it off , 80 % of all voters still want the choice of a public option in the bill . ”
An AFL - CIO poll conducted by Hart Research showed that the recent Democratic compromise to tax working family ’s health care benefits is a losing strategy .
Voters who thought their health care would be taxed voted 64 % for Brown in protest .
This week , as Congressional leaders consider options with the loss of the 60th vote in the Senate , the national coalition Health Care for America Now is holding press events , rallies and e-mails to “ Finish Health Reform Right , ” according to the principles that “ health care must be affordable for everyone , not tax benefits and hold insurance companies accountable with the choice of a public health insurance option . ”
The election in Massachusetts should not be read as a shift to the right , but rather as an indication of inconsistent thinking and flux on the part of voters in a time of hardship and the biggest wealth gap in history .
It was a protest telling Democrats they must take on the opposition and deliver for people ’s needs .
Following the election of Republican governors in New Jersey and Virginia , the Massachusetts vote is a huge warning that if the racism and demagogic populism of the right - wing is not taken on and if the broad movement that elected President Obama is not rekindled and enlarged , the country could take a dangerous and repressive turn backward .
Since the election of President Obama , the extreme right - wing has created new organizations with the goal of bringing down the administration , winning huge gains in Congress this year , and re-taking the presidency in 2012 .
People for the American Way warns that “ groups like FreedomWorks which organized early Tea Party rallies and urged right - wing activists to shout down and disrupt town hall meetings mobilized voters on behalf of Brown . ”
Following the election , John McCain reported that his group Country First conducted a direct contribution effort for Brown and sent two million e-mails seeking campaign volunteers .
“ We are just getting started in our fight against the catastrophic agenda the Democrats are pushing nation wide , ” he writes .
“ Country First is dedicated to electing bold leaders like Scott Brown to office … in every region of the country . ”
Two days after the Massachusetts vote , the Supreme Court in a five - to - four decision gave carte blacnche to corporate spending on election campaigns .
“ If this stands , you can kiss America goodbye , ” remarked Congressman Alan Grayson saying , “ We have filed six bills to reverse this assault , the “ Save Our Democracy ” platform .
Together , we will move these bills forward and prevent the sale of our government to the highest bidder . ”
Republican strategist Dick Morris was gleeful with the outcome in Massachusetts , and used that as a jumping board to imagine how each and every Democratic Senator could be defeated to create a Republican majority in this year ’s elections .
This trumpeting as a harbinger of things to come is part of the plan to create a favorable political climate for reaction .
But these dire projections will not become reality if labor along with the African American , Latino , Asian Pacific American , women and youth voters in the first place mobilize like never before at the grass roots and push Congress and the president to take on Wall Street and deliver for jobs and economic security including direct government programs financed by cutting spending on the wars and taxing extreme wealth .
The coalition Immigration Reform FOR America urged , “ do n’t let any of this distract you from doing your job ” to organize for comprehensive immigration reform that is coming up before Congress this year .
They pointed out that “ Comprehensive immigration reform will add $ 1.5 trillion to the U.S. economy , drive up wages for all workers , and support nearly a million jobs …. needed to ignite support and insure turnout from Latino and independent voters . ”
In preparation for his State of the Union address Wednesday , President Obama visited hard hit Lorain , Ohio to address his program for economic relief .
“ The president is n’t walking away from these challenges .
In fact , his determination and resolve are only stronger , ” wrote Mitch Stewart , director of Organizing for America , as he called upon supporters to “ match his commitment with our own . ”
Trumka ’s straightforward call to action to all working people sets the pace for the 2010 elections .
“ It ’s up to us to fight …. because there ’s nothing more important than creating an economy that works for average working people .
There ’s nothing more important than creating jobs , and there ’s nothing more important than putting our people back to work , ” he said .
“ Now ’s the time for us to do that .
It ’s up to us to force both parties to fix the problems for working America . ”
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/labor2008/ / CC BY 2.0
Annalee Newitz , editor - in - chief of io9.com , a sci - fi website , said : " The main white characters realise that they are complicit in a system which is destroying aliens , aka people of colour ... then go beyond assimilation and become leaders of the people they once oppressed .
When will whites stop making these movies and start thinking about race in a new way ? "
Cameron strongly denied any racist intent .
He said that his film " asks us to open our eyes and truly see others , respecting them even though they are different , in the hope that we may find a way to prevent conflict and live more harmoniously on this world .
I hardly think that is a racist message . "
Once upon a time , I wanted to be an evil mastermind and take over the world .
My plans were foiled because I knew nothing about the inner workings of nuclear reactors .
Oh , if only io9 linked these charts back then .
Advertisement
Those are my favorite charts in the bunch ( and probably the most useful ones ) , but you can follow the links to check out the rest .
My only request is that you give me a cozy cabin somewhere peaceful when you use this knowledge to succeed where I 've failed .
[ Flickr via Bibliodyssey via io9 ]
Iran 's hardline president has ordered the formation of a team to study the damages the country suffered from the 1941 Allied invasion in order to demand compensation .
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said Iran suffered immensely after it was invaded by Britain and the Soviet Union during World War II despite its declared neutrality and was never compensated .
" A team has been assigned to calculate all the damages ( inflicted on Iran ) in the Second World War .
This will be an invoice they ( Allies powers ) must pay to the Iranian nation , " he said in remarks broadcast live on state television on Saturday .
Ahmadinejad did n't elaborate on the details but he had earlier said he would write to United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon to ask that Iran be compensated for the damages caused to its people during the war and for the use of its territory and resources by Allied powers .
Britain and the Soviet Union invaded Iran on August 26 , 1941 , codenamed " Operation Countenance " to secure Iranian oil fields and ensure supply lines for the Soviets fighting Axis forces .
Food , fuel and other essentials were scarce amid mounting inflation and there was great hardship on the Iranian people as the needs of invading powers were given priority .
" You inflicted lots of damages to the Iranian nation , put your weight on the shoulders ( of the Iranian people ) and became victors in the World War II .
You did n't even share the war profits with Iran , " Ahmadinejad said .
" If I say today that we will take full compensation ... know that we will stand to the end and will take it . "
Ahmadinejad also warned that Iran may also demand compensation for the damages it suffered during World War I , the Western support for the former Pahlavi Dynasty and its hostility towards Iran since the 1979 Islamic revolution .
I promised this guy I ’d review a new novel called Exiles , so the review could appear in eXiled and provide some sort of synergistic frisson in the universe or something .
That was months ago and I still have n’t done it .
Here ’s why :
It may be that I will never send Iris this letter , Spiegel thought .
But someday I will see her and we will talk about these things , and then she will know .
You see ?
That ’s the last line of the novel .
I peeked at it to see where the thing would end up if I actually read all 344 pages , and that ’s the final kicker .
Note how the contractions have all dropped out , always an ominous sign in any novel written after 1890 .
“ I will see her , we will talk , she will know . ”
Straining for lofty effect by not writing I ’ll , we ’ll , she ’ll — bad .
Very bad .
Even worse , the cover of the book features the title in white on a black field , with a big red X in it , apparently in imitation of our eXiled logo .
This appears over an artistic ink - block rendering of a protester with raised fist , looking like the wimpiest protester who ever wore a tie - dyed shirt and talked in a bleating voice about cultural diversity .
Gah !
So I mailed the book to Ames , who mailed it back , and then offered it to Dolan who said No thanks , and generally tried to get rid of the thing .
No luck .
So I tried the book again , reading the first lines :
One of the pleasures of a railroad journey is the illusion that the landscape is passing by , though in fact , as you are reminded when you catch a glimpse of cars idling at a gated crossing or passengers on a platform waiting for the local or a group of children waving and tossing stones from an embankment , you are the one in motion while the landscape is fixed in its place and undisturbed by your passage .
On a long enough journey , the view from the window becomes a narrative , but with no beginning and no end , just a continuously receding strip of a world that can be , for the traveler , a way to translate space into time , as what ’s left behind vanishes not only into the distance but also into the past . ( 3 )
It ’s as if the author — Elliot Krieger ’s the name — is just testing you , to see if you ’re fool enough to keep reading after such an opening .
But it ’s amazing how many modern novels kick off this way , with very long sentences meditating on mundane piffle that ’s offered up as penetrating insight .
No doubt this kind of stuff goes over big at creative writing workshops .
Starting off all puffy and metaphorical , then helping out the slower readers by telling them what the metaphor is that ’s under construction : the view from the train is like a narrative , folks , and not coincidentally , you ’re READING a narrative !
Oh , what a page - turner this is gonna be !
Repelled by the actual text , I tried the back cover .
Here ’s the summary :
Protesters against the Vietnam war have been granted asylum in Sweden .
Into this hotbed of conflicting egos comes an innocent , Lenny Spiegel , to do a good deed .
[ The line actually reads “ to do a good dead ” but I assume that ’s a typo , not some kind of failed witticism .
Though it ’s tough to say for sure .
– EJ ]
He learns that everything personal is political among the exiles of Uppsala .
Hm .
Well , Ann Beattie likes it .
She writes well - reviewed novels like Chilly Scenes of Winter and Another You , and no , I ’m not making up those titles .
Her blurb says :
It ’s not every novel that has as its backdrop the works of Strindberg and the nefariousness of Nixon .
Exiles is filled with suspense , and with characters who converse as if they ’re in a play , themselves .
Oh my God , it ’s like being dared to eat a live baby squid , they make it seem so horrible .
What ’s weird is , I know people who can read this kind of thing — “ literature , ” I mean .
Pretty good people , they are , too , as people go , and they can absorb the very worst that gets put out there with a fortitude that one can’t help but admire .
Toni Morrison , yep , Margaret Atwood , sure , David Foster Wallace , no problemo .
Maybe it ’s a genetic thing .
It does n’t give them stomach cramps , whereas I almost double up with the pain .
They ’ve got digestive systems like goats and can eat anything good or bad , an enviable evolutionary development .
That , or they really “ love literature . ”
Loving literature is n’t the same as liking to read , see .
I always liked to read , but for a short while I also tried to love literature out of a sense of duty and a mistaken belief that cultivated tastes and rank snobbery would help me in life .
Kids get these crazy ideas .
Liking to read is when you skim whatever ’s lying around and throw aside most of it but hang onto whatever makes you happy , and pore over that stuff again and again , and go out hunting for more .
And most of the time , you get no bragging rights out of it .
That ’s the test , when it does you no good out in the world .
I remember reading P.G. Wodehouse books in high school , and who the hell could I tell I was reading Thank You , Jeeves and The Code of the Woosters when everyone else was reading some godforsaken John Irving novel ?
I was freakish enough already .
Anyway , about this book Exiles and these “ characters who converse as if they ’re in a play , themselves . ”
( Why add “ comma themselves ” ?
It ’s maddening . )
Here ’s a random sample of this play - like conversing , from pages 68 - 9 :
“ Okay , guys , ” Tracy said .
“ Take a stack of these flyers , each of you , on the way out , all right ? ”
The Worm , Reston , and Zeke fumbled with their caps and wool scarves .
“ I do n’t know , man , ” Zeke said .
“ Last time I handed out flyers some pig comes up to me and says something I do n’t understand , and then he grabs me by the arm and shoves me right off the corner .
I ’m saying , hey , do n’t a guy have a right to hand these out ?
Ain’t this a free country ? ”
“ Well , it ai n’t a free country , ” Reston said .
“ That ’s true , ” Aaronson said .
“ You need a permit for everything .
Even for a demonstration . ”
“ Can you imagine that , having to sign up for the right to protest ? ”
I could go on quoting , but why ?
No good can come of this sort of prose .
In short , I defy you to read this book .
If anyone can read this book , can eat this live baby squid all slimy and sad , and report back in pitiless detail about the experience , I ’ll — well , I ’ll be pretty impressed , that ’s all .
And just in case you do read it and feel inclined to forgive the transgressions of this appalling new novelist , here ’s Krieger blogging for his publisher Soho Press , under the June 6 , 2009 entry entitled “ Updike & I ” :
I ’d often imagined ( hoped ? fantasized ? ) that John Updike , one of my truly favorite authors , would someday read Exiles and enjoy the book .
I ’m saddened to know that this will never be .
He was a terrific writer in so many genres , and , as the many tributes to him have noted , he was a thoughtful and generous man with a playful conversational wit .
I was privileged to have met him once ; when I was the books editor at the Providence Journal , we were seated next to each other at a formal dinner at RISD .
We had a great discussion ; I ’d recorded some of it for a feature story , but I ca n’t find the tape .
My wife , Marge , will kill me for telling this story , but when I completed a first draft of Exiles , she read it straight through .
When she finished , she told me what she loved about the book .
But then she told me something else : “ Too much sex , ” she said .
“ Too much like Updike . ” I told her that if Exiles was ever to be published , I ’d love to use that line on the front cover !
( Alas , it is , but I did n’t . ) – elliot
As you can see , this Updike - lover deserves no mercy .
It ’s been confirmed that Senator Al Franken ( D - MN ) was , in fact , instructed to enforce a rule that limits speeches to ten minutes .
That did n’t stop Bill O’Reilly from spreading misinformation about Franken ’s denial of Sen. Joe Lieberman ’s ( I - CT ) request to continue speaking past the 10 minute mark .
O’REILLY : Franken , who was in a rotation presiding over the Senate , objected to Lieberman continuing his remarks in a stunning display of disrespect .
[...]
O’REILLY : But many others did take it personally , including John McCain .
McCAIN [ clip ] : I ’ve been around here 20 - some years .
First time I ’ve ever seen a member denied an extra minute or two to finish his remarks .
It was claimed that Franken ’s enforcement of the rule was “ disrespectful ” and “ unprecedented . ”
He also allowed Sen. Jim DeMint ( R - SC ) to claim that Franken was “ [ a ] bsolutely not ” telling the truth in regards to the instructions that Franken was following .
O’REILLY : Is Franken telling the truth ?
DeMINT : Absolutely not .
I ca n’t believe he ’s throwing Harry Reid under the bus .
However , both Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) and Lieberman himself have confirmed that Franken was following instructions .
Additionally , Senator John McCain , who claimed that it was “ unprecedented ” actually imposed a similar limit in the past .
Original Story
Share this article
Part of an ancient Roman law code previously thought to have been lost forever has been discovered by researchers at UCL's Department of History .
Simon Corcoran and Benet Salway made the breakthrough after piecing together 17 fragments of previously incomprehensible parchment .
The fragments were being studied at UCL as part of the Arts & Humanities Research Council - funded " Projet Volterra " - a ten year study of Roman law in its full social , legal and political context .
Corcoran and Salway found that the text belonged to the Codex Gregorianus , or Gregorian Code , a collection of laws by emperors from Hadrian ( AD 117-138 ) to Diocletian ( AD 284-305 ) , which was published circa AD 300 .
Little was known about the codex 's original form and there were , until now , no known copies in existence .
" The fragments bear the text of a Latin work in a clear calligraphic script , perhaps dating as far back as AD 400 , " said Dr Salway .
" It uses a number of abbreviations characteristic of legal texts and the presence of writing on both sides of the fragments indicates that they belong to a page or pages from a late antique codex book - rather than a scroll or a lawyer 's loose - leaf notes .
" The fragments contain a collection of responses by a series of Roman emperors to questions on legal matters submitted by members of the public , " continued Dr Salway .
" The responses are arranged chronologically and grouped into thematic chapters under highlighted headings , with corrections and readers ' annotations between the lines .
The notes show that this particular copy received intensive use . "
The surviving fragments belong to sections on appeal procedures and the statute of limitations on an as yet unidentified matter .
The content is consistent with what was already known about the Gregorian Code from quotations of it in other documents , but the fragments also contain new material that has not been seen in modern times .
" These fragments are the first direct evidence of the original version of the Gregorian Code , " said Dr Corcoran .
" Our preliminary study confirms that it was the pioneer of a long tradition that has extended down into the modern era and it is ultimately from the title of this work , and its companion volume the Codex Hermogenianus , that we use the term ' code ' in the sense of ' legal rulings ' . "
This particular manuscript may originate from Constantinople ( modern Istanbul ) and it is hoped that further work on the script and on the ancient annotations will illuminate more of its history .
###
Notes to Editors
Contact details
For further information or images of the fragments please contact Dave Weston in the UCL Press Office on +44 ( 0 ) 20 7679 7678 or d.weston@ucl.ac.uk
Dr Simon Corcoran ( Research Fellow ) can be contacted on +44 ( 0 ) 20 7679 3614 or s.corcoran@ucl.ac.uk
Dr Benet Salway ( Principal Investigator ) can be contacted on +44 ( 0 ) 20 7679 3653 , +44 ( 0 ) 7968 402004 or r.salway@ucl.ac.uk
About UCL
Founded in 1826 , UCL was the first English university established after Oxford and Cambridge , the first to admit students regardless of race , class , religion or gender , and the first to provide systematic teaching of law , architecture and medicine .
UCL is the fourth - ranked university in the 2009 THES - QS World University Rankings .
UCL alumni include Marie Stopes , Jonathan Dimbleby , Lord Woolf , Alexander Graham Bell , and members of the band Coldplay .
UCL currently has over 12,000 undergraduate and 8,000 postgraduate students .
Its annual income is over £ 600 million .
About Projet Volterra
Projet Volterra is a ten year research programme , currently funded by the Arts & Humanities Research Council .
The general aim of the project is to promote the study of Roman law in its full social , legal and political context .
www.ucl.ac.uk/history2/volterra
About the Arts & Humanities Research Council ( AHRC )
Each year the AHRC provides approximately £ 102 million from the Government to support research and postgraduate study in the arts and humanities , from languages and law , archaeology and English literature to design and creative and performing arts .
In any one year , the AHRC makes approximately 700 research awards and around 1,350 postgraduate awards .
Awards are made after a rigorous peer review process , to ensure that only applications of the highest quality are funded .
The quality and range of research supported by this investment of public funds not only provides social and cultural benefits but also contributes to the economic success of the UK .
www.ahrc.ac.uk
The U.S. government is not powerless to influence China 's policies on censoring the Internet .
As Google has taken extraordinary steps - bordering on corporate civil disobedience - to challenge China 's stranglehold on the flow of information to and among its people , the Obama administration has acted as though its hands were tied .
In fact , however , the administration does have options .
One is to file a complaint with the World Trade Organization , contesting China 's Internet censorship as a breach of the international trade rules to which China , as a WTO member , is subject .
The United States can argue that China 's " Great Firewall " - a system of filters and bottlenecks that effectively shutters the country within its own intranet - is an illegal restraint on international trade because it bars foreign companies from competing , via the Internet , in the vast Chinese market .
To understand how this strategy would help Google ( and Yahoo , eBay and myriad other U.S. Internet companies that have lived to regret their attempts to do business in China ) , it 's important to understand that Google did not freely choose to build a vast physical presence - complete with office buildings , server farms and thousands of local employees - inside China .
Google would have much preferred to compete in China with a Chinese - language version of its search service operating from servers and offices located safely beyond China 's borders ( and , in fact , Google built such a site ) .
But Google did n't have that choice because China 's firewall effectively prevented it .
When not actually blocking access to offshore Web sites that censors deem objectionable , the firewall degrades the performance of Web sites based outside the country .
Non-Chinese
Web sites take extra seconds to load , relative to competing sites inside the firewall .
In the online world ( and particularly in the fast - growing and highly competitive Chinese market ) , a few seconds might as well be a few extra hours .
Google 's original Chinese - language site , based offshore , loaded v- e - r -y s - l - o- w - l-y .
The Web sites of Google 's indigenous Chinese competitors ( Baidu , Sina and others ) loaded instantly .
Google was toast .
As much as any other factor , this performance deficit , a direct consequence of the firewall , forced Google to physically relocate its Chinese language search service inside China , where government bureaucrats could compel Google , upon penalty of withdrawal of its operating license ( or worse ! ) , to self - censor its search results .
Google knew the risks of its move , and it deliberately and conspicuously sought to mitigate the risks to customers by keeping offshore the Chinese versions of its e-mail business ( Gmail ) , its blogging service , YouTube and other sites consisting mainly of user - generated content .
Because of these effects , China 's firewall stands as a barrier to international trade .
It halts Internet commerce at China 's borders just as surely as a government regulation requiring perishable agricultural exports from the United States to sit for days on China 's docks before transhipment to internal distribution facilities .
Whether the firewall is a trade barrier that violates international treaties is for administration lawyers to argue to the WTO .
The First Amendment Coalition , a nonprofit organization of which I am executive director , has already presented detailed legal briefs on this matter to the U.S. trade representative .
The advantages of a WTO strategy are considerable .
WTO sanctions have teeth because they can be enforced through other countries ' raising of tariffs against Chinese exports .
China in other recent trade disputes has shown that it will abide by WTO rulings it disagrees with ( reserving its right to request WTO rulings , to its own benefit , in other matters ) .
For the U.S. government , playing the WTO card also demonstrates seriousness about curbing Chinese censorship , while confining the dispute to an international legal process and avoiding a direct confrontation with China .
Some will argue that the U.S. government has no business pursuing a trade policy that would force China to accept a version of the Internet reflecting freedom of expression .
I categorically reject such appeals to " cultural relativism , " often made by those who stand to benefit financially or professionally from a close , cooperative relationship with the Chinese government .
Aspirations for freedom to speak one 's mind , to associate freely with others and to criticize government policies that one views as wrongheaded , are universal .
Google 's commendable announcement that it will no longer censor Google.cn , and its threat to quit the China market , have caught Chinese government authorities by surprise , creating an opportunity to apply pressure in a way that could enhance individual liberty for millions of Chinese citizens .
It is an opportunity that the Obama administration should not miss .
General Electric ’s chief executive , Jeffrey R. Immelt , said Tuesday that the company was undergoing a renewal after what had been one of the most difficult years in its 117 - year history .
Mr. Immelt said in his annual outlook session for analysts in New York that G.E. was focusing on sectors like energy and health care as it looked to its big industrial divisions to navigate out of the deep recession .
It also plans to rely much less on its lending arm , GE Capital , for profits next year .
Yet despite the shift in strategy , G.E. ’s forecast for 2010 showed that the effects of the economic crisis would linger .
Overall revenue and profit are expected to be largely flat next year at GE Capital and at the industrial divisions that make jet engines , power plant turbines and medical equipment .
G.E. recently announced plans to sell its NBC entertainment division to Comcast , a move that will help it free up cash that Mr. Immelt said would be used to expand .
He did not cite specifics , but G.E. is expected to have up to $ 26 billion in cash by the end of 2010 .
1 2 3 4 5 next »
New life for dead software
by Richard Hillesley
" The past is a foreign country : they do things differently there . "
- L.P. Hartley
If you yearn for the operating systems or arcade games of the past , and are willing to make the effort to bring them back to life , free and open source software is definitely the way to go .
Green screens and might - have beens , operating systems and games , BeOS , Amiga OS or DOS can be relived and replayed through a host of emulators , simulators or rewrites in varying stages of completion .
Some of the inspiration for a return to the past is curiosity and amusement , an aimless journey through the archaeology of computing , and some is pure nostalgia , a search for lost youth and a time when " programs were small , and they could romp wild and free over the whole system , unrestrained by memory management police and big - brother kernel . "
Some is due to genuine regret at the loss of culture and data , and the end of possibilities - BeOS never realised its potential and deserved a better fate .
And some is ' just because ...'.
So Haiku sets out to recreate BeOS from scratch , AROS reworks the Amiga OS 3.1 APIs , and ReactOS is an attempt to re-create a free version of Windows XP - " the XP successor people asked for " with secure defaults .
The Multiple Arcade Machine Emulator ( MAME ) , which is " easily the best arcade emulator " available anywhere , revives more than seven thousand arcade games which might have been lost to history .
The Planets project , funded by the European Union - for Preservation and Long- term Access through NETworked Services - seeks to preserve digital objects and ensure their availability for future generations , by use of Dioscuri , an open source all purpose - emulator .
Dioscuri will save us from " a digital black hole " caused by the transience of proprietary data formats - a Rosetta stone for the digital age .
The Pandora console Further out on a limb are those that roll their own hardware with Field Programmable Gate Arrays ( FPGA ) with fun or purposeful outcomes , or the makers of Pandora , which is part PC , part gaming console , runs on a customised version of Ångström Linux , and was " designed by the suggestions and requests of hundreds of people on the gp32 x gaming forums " to run past and future games .
As long as there is a community of people with an interest in reviving the past there is always the hope of bringing a lost operating system back to life , and recreating the pain and the pleasure it gave .
Next : BeOS -
Their winter had come
1 2 3 4 5 next »
Print Version | Permalink : http://h-online.com/-891469
When it comes to custom android launchers , Nova Launcher is one of the best ones around .
So it makes perfect sense that you would …
London , England ( CNN ) -- A British journalist was killed and a second wounded in Afghanistan when the vehicle in which they were traveling struck an improvised explosive device , the Ministry of Defence said Sunday .
Rupert Hamer , defense correspondent for the Sunday Mirror newspaper , and photographer Philip Coburn were embedded with the U.S. Marine Corps and were accompanying a patrol near Nawa in southern Afghanistan when the explosion occurred Saturday , the ministry said in a statement .
" Despite the best efforts of medics at the scene , Mr. Hamer died of his wounds , " the statement said .
" Mr. Coburn remains in a serious but stable condition . "
A U.S. Marine was also killed in the explosion , the ministry said .
Five U.S. Marines were seriously wounded .
The ministry said earlier Sunday that a member of the Afghan National Army was also killed , but later said no Afghan nationals were killed or wounded .
" Both Rupert Hamer and Phil Coburn accompanied me on my most recent trip to Afghanistan , " said British Defense Secretary Bob Ainsworth in the statement .
" I got to know them well and I was impressed by their hard work and professionalism .
My thoughts and deepest sympathies are with the families , friends and colleagues of both men at this extremely distressing time . "
The Mirror said in a statement that Hamer , 39 , and Coburn , 43 , had flown to Afghanistan on December 31 for a trip that was to have lasted a month .
Hamer is survived by his wife and three children , ages 6 , 5 and 19 months , the newspaper said .
He had been with the Mirror for 12 years .
According to his Mirror blog page , Hamer had covered the British armed forces since 2004 in the Middle East , central Asia , Oman , Bahrain , Iraq and Afghanistan .
Coburn has been with the paper for eight years and has previously worked with Hamer in Afghanistan and Iraq , the Mirror said .
His previous assignments for the paper have included events in Rwanda and Hurricane Katrina in the United States .
" Rupert believed that the only place to report a war was from the front line , and as our defense correspondent he wanted to be embedded with the U.S. Marines at the start of their vital surge into southern Afghanistan , " Sunday Mirror Editor Tina Weaver said in the statement .
" He was a seasoned , highly regarded and brave journalist who had reported from both Iraq and Afghanistan on many occasions .
It was his fifth trip to Afghanistan , and he had forged friendships with a number of the soldiers serving out there . "
Hamer was affectionately known as " Corporal Hamer " in the Mirror office , Weaver said .
" He was a gregarious figure , a wonderful friend who was hugely popular with his colleagues . "
Coburn , she said , is a consummate journalist " and brilliant photographer ...
He and Rupert made a dedicated team , working together around the world , sacrificing personal comfort countless times to record the reality of wars .
We wish Phil a speedy recovery and send our warmest wishes to his partner and family . "
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said in a statement , " I was deeply saddened by this tragic news , and my heartfelt thoughts and sympathies are with the families , friends and colleagues of Rupert and Philip .
Their courage , skill and dedication to reporting from the front line was incredibly important and ensured that the world could see and read about our heroic troops .
Their professionalism and commitment to our forces will not be forgotten . "
In recent weeks , the ministry had worked with Hamer on a special Christmas edition of the Sunday Mirror , containing messages for deployed personnel from their families , Ainsworth said .
" The sacrifice of service personnel is well documented and rightly respected , but this news demonstrates the risks also faced by journalists who keep the public informed of events on the front line , " he said .
Hamer is the second journalist to die in Afghanistan in recent weeks .
On December 30 , Calgary Herald reporter Michelle Lang , 34 , died along with four Canadian soldiers when a roadside bomb struck their armored vehicle in the southern Afghan province of Kandahar .
According to a tally kept by Reporters without Borders , Hamer would be the 20th journalist to die in Afghanistan , and the 12th foreign journalist , since September 11 , 2001 .
Paul Kedrosky posts a chart showing the difference between economic predictions and reality .
( the Dish assumes that the numbers along the y - axis are GDP . )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Hello , thanks for looking into my albums .
Little remark : the " original " format gives you the best impression of my images !!
:: Autumn 2016 ::
:: My Samsung Galaxy S3 gallery ::
:: Belgian castles in infrared ::
:: playing_with_colours ::
One of the country 's leading architectural photographers was apprehended by City of London police under terrorism laws today while photographing the 300 - year old spire of Sir Christopher Wren 's Christ Church for a personal project .
Grant Smith , who has 25 years experience documenting buildings by Richard Rogers and Norman Foster , was stopped by a squad of seven officers who pulled up in three cars and a riot van and searched his belongings under section 44 of the Terrorism Act , which allows police to stop and search anyone without need for suspicion in a designated area .
" Three of them descended on me and said they were here because of reports of an aggressive male , " Smith said .
" One of them even admired my badge which said ' I am a photographer not a terrorist ' .
But they searched my bag for terrorist - related paraphernalia and demanded to know who I was and what I was doing .
I refused .
saying that I did n't have to tell them , but they said if I did n't they would take me off and physically search me . "
Smith 's trouble began when he refused to provide his name and explain what he was doing to a security guard from a nearby Bank of America office .
He said he was astonished by the police response , not least the expense of dispatching four vehicles and seven officers .
His experience comes despite a warning last week to all police forces not to use section 44 measures unnecessarily against photographers .
In a circular to fellow chief constables , Andy Trotter , of British Transport police , said : " Officers and community support officers are reminded that we should not be stopping and searching people for taking photos .
Unnecessarily restricting photography , whether from the casual tourist or professional , is unacceptable . "
In the past 18 months there have been 94 complaints to the Independent Police Complaints Commission about the misuse of section 44 powers .
There is a growing outcry among working photographers who are finding their daily routines interrupted by police searches when working in high - profile areas that may be considered terrorist targets .
City of London police said its response to Smith had been proportionate .
" When questioned by officers , the man declined to give an explanation and he was therefore informed that in light of the concerns of security staff and in the absence of an explanation , he would be searched under the Terrorism Act , " said a spokesman .
" After the man 's bag was searched , he explained he was a freelance photographer taking photos of buildings .
Once this explanation was received there was no further action . "
By Edward Harrison of Credit Writedowns
Let me add a few words to Yves ’ last post because I do n’t think she was explicit enough about what ’s going on here .
This was looting and a cover - up plain and simple .
A quick review : Damaging e-mails have revealed that Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner urged AIG to withhold crucial information about the deterioration of its financial condition in the lead up to its demise .
This will put further political pressure on Geithner , who has already been exposed for his dubious role in the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy .
Bloomberg leads into the story saying :
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York , then led by Timothy Geithner , told American International Group Inc. to withhold details from the public about the bailed - out insurer ’s payments to banks during the depths of the financial crisis , e-mails between the company and its regulator show .
AIG said in a draft of a regulatory filing that the insurer paid banks , which included Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Societe Generale SA , 100 cents on the dollar for credit - default swaps they bought from the firm .
The New York Fed crossed out the reference , according to the e-mails , and AIG excluded the language when the filing was made public on Dec. 24 , 2008 .
The e-mails were obtained by Representative Darrell Issa , ranking member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee .
These were not e-mails revealed willingly , but rather as a result of oversight and investigation .
At issue is whether the 100 cents on the dollar payments by AIG to its credit default swap counterparties were a backdoor bailout .
Most market watchers believe that AIG counterparties would have received significantly less on the free market , exposing them to tens of billions in losses instead of taxpayers ( see CW story from March 2009 on this issue ) .
So , in a very real sense , many believe taxpayers were defrauded by the government ’s handling of the AIG affair .
This latest revelation only adds to that belief .
Moreover , in regards to Tim Geithner personally , this revelation is extremely damaging .
Not only did he , Paulson and Bernanke mishandle the Lehman bankruptcy which triggered the panic central to the financial crisis , but he has now been personally implicated in withholding – covering up , if you will – vital evidence on the looting of taxpayers to the benefit of financial companies , some of whom are not even domestic institutions .
( See my definition of terms . )
You have to see this in a negative light .
I would be remiss if I did n’t remind you that he had direct oversight responsibilities for money center banks as president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York .
In the past , in testimony before Congress he has denied that he was , in fact , responsible for these institutions , saying “ I ’m not a regulator . ”
I ’ve never been a regulator , for better or worse .
And I think you ’re right to say that we have to be very skeptical that regulation can solve all of these problems .
We have parts of our system that are overwhelmed by regulation .
Overwhelmed by regulation !
It was n’t the absence of regulation that was the problem , it was despite the presence of regulation you ’ve got huge risks that build up .
This is just nonsense .
Jo Becker and Gretchen Morgenson put it this way in April :
An examination of Mr. Geithner ’s five years as president of the New York Fed , an era of unbridled and ultimately disastrous risk - taking by the financial industry , shows that he forged unusually close relationships with executives of Wall Street ’s giant financial institutions .
His actions , as a regulator and later a bailout king , often aligned with the industry ’s interests and desires , according to interviews with financiers , regulators and analysts and a review of Federal Reserve records .
In a pair of recent interviews and an exchange of e-mail messages , Mr. Geithner defended his record , saying that from very early on , he was “ a consistently dark voice about the potential risks ahead , and a principal source of initiatives designed to make the system stronger ” before the markets started to collapse .
Mr. Geithner said his actions in the bailout were motivated solely by a desire to help businesses and consumers .
But in a financial crisis , he added , “ the government has to take risk , and we are going to be doing things which ultimately — in order to get the credit flowing again — are going to benefit the institutions that are at the core of the problem . ”
He was on the job when these firms levered up and took reckless risks that endangered our financial system .
For him to absolve himself of responsibility is a disgrace .
And to add insult to injury , we now learn that he urged a systemically important company to withhold evidence of his looting of taxpayers .
Tim Geithner must go .
Source
Geithner ’s New York Fed Told AIG to Limit Swaps Disclosure – Bloomberg
Geithner , Member and Overseer of Finance Club – NY Times
See also Is Geithner Up to the Task ? by Andrew Ross Sorkin .
It explains the doubts about Geithner in November of 2008 when he was selected as Treasury Secretary .
These doubts were based in large part on his mishandling of the financial crisis and led the New York Times editorial board to write a lengthy Op - Ed in December 2008 titled “ Questions for Mr. Geithner ” before his confirmation .
If you have n’t seen this , read it .
Thanks to Alyssa Rosenberg for pointing to the new trailer for Roman Polanski ‘s upcoming film , “ The Ghost Writer . ”
As Rosenberg notes , the movie looks extremely silly , from Kim Cattrall showing up with some sort of non-specific accent , to a sign for the “ Fisherman ’s Cove Inn ” ominously swinging in the wind , to Pierce Brosnan acting as blatantly evil as he can possibly get away with .
There is a silver lining here , however .
Finally , we ’ve got the perfect rejoinder to one of the most common Roman Polanski defenses out there — - you know , the arguments Polanski defenders throw out in order to justify not prosecuting a convicted rapist who skipped the U.S. to avoid serving time for his rape .
That argument is this : “ But Roman Polanski made the Pianist ! ”
And if Polanski had been forced to actually serve jail time for bedding a 13 - year - old , the argument goes , perhaps the fabric of time would have been irrevocably torn , resulting in the Pianist never been made , or something !
This was the argument preferred by the hundreds of Hollywood luminaries who signed a petition for Polanski ’s release : “ Apprehended like a common terrorist Saturday evening , September 26 , as he came to receive a prize for his entire body of work , Roman Polanski now sleeps in prison . ”
In other words : Roman Polanski makes good movies ( just like we do ! ) .
Give him a pass .
If The Ghost Writer is half as bad as the trailer , it looks like it ’s time for the free pass to be revoked .
Now , an appropriate response to the “ But he made the Pianist ” argument might be this :
Well , if Polanski had been kept in prison last year instead of being whisked away for house arrest at his Swiss ski chalet , where he reportedly finished up work on The Ghost Writer ( presumably to ensure that that dramatic musical swell behind ominously - swinging sign was synced up just so ) , then — - my God ! — - maybe somebody else could have made this movie , someone who would n’t cast Pierce Brosnan in it .
Plus , Polanski would have actually served his time for raping someone .
And everyone wins .
Appeal : Social Economy – Free / Libre and Open Source Software : Time of Alliance
By Bastien Sibille :
“ Two worlds coexist that raise the ramparts against the hegemonic temptation of capitalism .
One is old and has its roots in the 19th century industrial age – the world of social economy ( cooperatives , mutuals , associations ) .
The other is younger and has its roots in the 21st century information age – the world of Free / Libre and Open Source Software .
If the Free community and enterprises of the social economy have already rubbed elbows together for more than a decade , they do n’t often see how close their struggles are .
The time has come to speak of the closeness of these struggles and the urgency of their alliance .
Reasons For Alliance
For about 20 years communities of computer programmers , as well as information technology companies , have developed what they call Free / Libre and Open - Source Software ( FLOSS ) FLOSS is software that anyone can use freely , study , modify , and distribute around .
It contrasts with proprietary software in that its code is “ open ” while that of proprietary software is “ closed ” .
The openness is technical and legal at the same time .
On the technical side , the source code of FLOSS is “ readable ” by human beings while that of proprietary software is distributed in machine code which renders it unreadable even by computer programmers .
On the legal side , FLOSS is protected by open licenses which assure it can’t ever be privatized and remains a common good .
The Principals surrounding the production , distribution , and usage of FLOSS display important synergies with the principals of the social economy .
One should first notice a synergy in the connection to the accumulation of capital between the enterprises of the social economy and the FLOSS community .
A software program , because it is the accumulation of the work of the women and men who created it , is capital – immaterial capital .
Proprietary licenses arrange remuneration on this immaterial capital : Each time it is duplicated , and sold , it generates a gain without supplementary work being furnished .
In the case of free software , there is no remuneration of capital : Only work pays .
There you have it , the first trait that places FLOSS so close to the historic fight of the social economy .
Next , the modes of production of FLOSS respects at least three other fundamental pillars of social economy enterprises .
The freedom of entry and exit :
A person enters freely into an association and leaves it just as freely .
This freedom is very present in the philosophy and practice of free software :
Every user who wishes can go into the code , use it , and leave freely .
The democratic principle : one man , one vote .
This fundamental freedom of functioning of associations is at work in free software : Every user of the code can take part in the creation or the modification of the code .
The user community of free software thus takes part in their improvement by indicating to the developers the bugs they have repaired .
This stands in contrast to the modes of production of proprietary software , in which a few programmers decide for all how the software will function .
Lastly , the unsharability of the reserves .
When women and men together create a wealth of software , when they write together the computer code then decide to protect it with an open licence , it assures that the wealth produced cannot be privatized : the code stays open to all .
No one can appropriate it .
The immaterial wealth placed under open licence can only remain communal .
Urgency of Alliance
The alliance of social economy enterprises and FLOSS communities is a strategic necessity .
The intensification of computer use , since the 1980s , from microcomputing – word processing , spreadsheets , agendas – and , since the middle of the 1990s , information networks – email , websites , intranet , facilitation of services and online payments – has driven the enterprises of the social economy to depend more and more strongly on computer software .
Today these programs are primarily produced by capitalist enterprises .
These enterprises obtain a return on their investments by “ closing ” the source code , in a way such that
* ( 1 ) those who want the services of these programs are obligated to buy them , and
* ( 2 ) those who want to read files created by these programs are obligated to purchase the programs .
Proprietary software programs are trojan horses of the capitalist economy placed in the heart of the social economy .
Their utilization by social economy enterprises is extremely worrying .
First because it signifies that the structures of the social economy depend , for a large proportion of their activities , on software tools that , by their mode of production and their architecture , do not correspond to their values .
Then because it makes organization of the social economy dependant on capitalist enterprises .
This dependence is worrying beyond just the discrepancy in values .
It signifies , for example , that all the information stored ( files , text , images , spreadsheets ) by social economy enterprises depends for its future use , on the survival or the goodwill of the capitalist enterprises that produce the software .
Today , the independence of social economic organization vis-à - vis the capitalist editors of computer code is possible .
FLOSS offers to the structures of the social economy a powerful alternative .
It is powerful first because the open code is a perpetual code : it can always be taken , reworked , remodeled , in order to mirror best the needs of the structures that deploy it .
It is also powerful because the open code is a solid code : in that when it is open , all competent actors in the free community participate in its improvement .
This is the assurance that the weaknesses are quickly identified and corrected .
It is powerful next because the open code is a united code :
The programs developed by some organizations of the social economy could benefit others .
In having the possibility to freely distribute the programs that they use , social economy organizations facilitate their electronic communications with partner organizations and notably with those partners who would not have the means to buy the programs .
It is powerful finally because it permits the social economy organizations to use , in their daily actions , information tools that are coherent with the values for which they fight .
In the same way that social economy enterprises equip themselves with specific financial and legal instruments , it is urgent that they equip themselves with computerized instruments that respect their principals .
An alliance is necessarily a movement in two senses .
The reasons that encourage FLOSS communities to form an alliance with the social economy are no less strong than those that push the structures of the social economy to adopt FLOSS .
To equip social economy enterprises with FLOSS , is to equip enterprises whose way of functioning and work are closely related to the model of production of FLOSS : the cooperation , the working in a network , the volunteer work are elements particularly present in the daily structure of the social economy .
FLOSS in social economy enterprises therefore presents an opportunity for intensive usage by users who are quicker than others to report bugs to the community so they can realize benefits from improvements to the software .
The quality of FLOSS is bound to increase substantially if it is largely used by the structures of the social economy .
Additionally , the computing strength of the social economy enterprises is considerable .
Numerous social economy enterprises mobilize computerized services that are important for the number of computer programmers who work there as for the development that they produce .
In allying with the social economy , the free communities can count on their computing firepower .
Free software and the social economy are emancipation movements .
In allying with the social economy , the free movement joins a force of progress and justice sensitive to the move toward new horizons ; it joins an ancient historic fight , deeply entrenched in our societies , capable of mobilizing extended and varied networks .
Otherwise said , in allying with the social economy , the free movement integrates with a larger movement which it can rely on to continue to construct its legitimacy .
That is not all .
The free communities are today at a turning point : the quality of their software production drives them to be more and more at the heart of strategies of very large computer enterprises .
The freedom of yesterday is not the freedom of today , and the spirit of the pioneers may soon not be there as an influence , except marginally .
The capitalist stakes start to leave a noticeable mark on open source projects : the risk is that the success of the free does not lose its potential as emancipator .
Here , the alliance of free communities with the social economy structures takes full dimension – it assures that the success of the free will not be used to the detriment of their deepseated politics .
Stakes of the Alliance
In the end , it is imperative to say that taking a strong position in favour of open software licenses marks , for the allies , engagement in a much larger debate .
In a world where the modes of production are turning more and more toward immaterial goods , the socio-political stakes linked to intellectual property become crucial and do not stop with software .
Patenting of plant and animal genomes , of active molecules of medicines , or increasing the duration of author ’s rights applicable to works of art are examples of the violence of the current mechanisms of the privatization of the immaterial .
Intellectual property is thus at the heart of the present and future fight in fields as varied as agriculture , health , or art .
By taking a clear position in favour of open source software , open licenses and modes of production and the diffusion of products in the spirit that they organize , FLOSS communities and the social economy enterprises engage themselves in a contest that is larger than the individual domain of computers : it is the winning back of common goods .
This combat is crucial for the future of our societies . ”
More information :
Contact the author via bastien. sibille AT gmail.com
( Translation : Brendan C. Jones , brendan.colin.jones at gmail.com )
The stark contrast of monochromatic , crumbling stone buildings and small , colorful plastic toy blocks is especially jarring in Berlin , where evidence of the horrors of World War II is still visible in cracks and bullet holes .
But that ’s what makes this setting so poignant for German artist Jan Vormann , who patches damage to old buildings around the world with Legos .
Vormann aims to fill Berlin with new life – even if only temporarily and symbolically – using this sometimes controversial juxtaposition of new and old , and the unity that it brings to onlookers who stop to help .
From young children to the elderly , people crowded around the artist to poke colorful little blocks into fissures in the façade of Kupfergraben / Dorotheenstraße , a building at Humboldt University .
Like all German universities , Humboldt was turned into a Nazi educational institution during the war and stands as a vital , if solemn , reminder of the Third Reich ’s influence on Germany .
“ Berlin is the city where I live in right now .
I thought it would be fun to do it here , considering the historic value of the walls , the imprint of troubled times can still be seen today , ” Vormann told HalogenLife .
“ Concerning the continuation of the project , I want to “ repair ” every broken wall in the whole world with Dispatchwork .
Why not ?
I think it is a fun approach towards conceiving the decay that time brings along . ”
“ Also it leaves a positive imprint in people ’s mind .
As long as kids play , adults will build walls .
And those wall break .
Let ’s patch them up with colorful plastic pieces .
Life is serious , so that makes playing sometimes even more important . ”
Fans can keep up with the worldwide Dispatchwork project in countries like Russia , Serbia and Israel on an interactive map at Dispatchwork .
info .
The guards were employed to protect US personnel in Iraq Iraq has criticised a US judge 's dismissal of all charges against guards from US security firm Blackwater over the killing of 17 Iraqis in 2007 .
Government spokesman Ali al - Dabbagh said an Iraqi investigation showed the men had committed a " serious crime " and Baghdad would seek to prosecute them .
The five had all pleaded not guilty to manslaughter .
A sixth guard admitted killing at least one Iraqi .
The judge dismissed the charges against the guards over procedural errors .
District Judge Ricardo Urbina said the US justice department had used evidence prosecutors were not supposed to have .
THE BLACKWATER INCIDENT 16 Sep 2007 - 17 Iraqi civilians killed in Nisoor Square , Baghdad Iraq said - civilians fired on by Blackwater guards without provocation Blackwater said - Iraqis killed in shootout when Blackwater convoy ambushed Iraqi eyewitnesses - guards fired on white sedan that failed to slow down and it burst into flames , and then fired into surrounding area as people tried to flee Nov 2007 - New York Times quotes FBI officials saying killings of at least 14 of the Iraqis were " unjustified " Dec 2008 - five guards charged with 14 counts of manslaughter
Blackwater case :
What happened CIA cancels Blackwater contract Judge dismisses Blackwater case Mr al - Dabbagh said the Iraqi government " regrets and is disappointed by the US court 's decision " .
" Inquiries carried out by the Iraqi government clearly confirm that the Blackwater guards committed a crime and used weapons when there was no threat necessitating the use of force , " he said .
He said Iraq would " act forcefully and decisively to prosecute the Blackwater criminals " .
The Iraqi human rights minister , Wejdan Mikhail , said she was " astonished " by the US move .
" There was so much work done to prosecute these people and to take this case into court and I do n't understand why the judge took this decision , " the AFP news agency quoted her as saying .
The commander of US forces in Iraq , Gen Ray Odierno , said the court 's decision could create local resentment against other security firms operating in the country .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Of course we 're upset when we believe that people might have caused a crime and they are not held accountable , " Reuters quoted him as saying .
The killings , which took place in Nisoor Square , Baghdad , strained Iraq 's relationship with the US and raised questions about US contractors operating in war zones .
A man whose son died in the incident said he was surprised to hear the guards had been acquitted .
" But what can we do ?
We cannot do anything with the US government and their law , " he told Reuters .
Lawyers for the five guards say they were acting in self - defence , but witnesses and family members of those killed maintain that the shooting on 16 September 2007 was unprovoked .
A civil case against Blackwater brought by Iraqis - including relatives of some of the Nisoor Square victims - is still before a Virginia court .
It alleges that Blackwater employees engaged in indiscriminate killings .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Home Office advice to Police Forces in the UK is wrong in law and likely to leave cash - strapped police authorities incurring some very large legal bills over the coming months .
That was the view given to El Reg today by Matthew Ryder , a barrister specialising in police powers and human rights .
Following the recent ruling by the Strasbourg Court of Human Rights that s44 of the Terrorism Act 2000 constitutes a breach of article 8 of the Convention on Human Rights , and the Home Office ’s claim that the powers remains lawful on the basis of s6 ( 2 ) b of the Human Rights Act , he told us :
" The section 6 exemption applies only where a public authority is required by an Act of Parliament to exercise powers in a way which is not compatible with Convention rights .
Hypothetically , this could occur if a statute required the police to treat suspects in a way which Strasbourg had said was unlawful .
Until the statute was repealed there would be a mismatch : such action would be unlawful under Convention law , but not under domestic law .
" However , section 6 of the Human Rights Act does not arise in this case .
There is no compulsion on the police to continue using section 44 in the manner that was criticised by the European Court of Human Rights as " insufficiently circumscribed " and without " sufficient safeguards " .
The police always have a discretion as to how to use the powers granted to them by section 44 of the Terrorism Act 2000 .
They must now change their practices to bring them into line with the ruling .
" Any force and / or officer continuing to use s44 in the way it was used in the past , will be acting unlawfully .
They will certainly be opening themselves up to a claim for damages at the Strasbourg Court .
Furthermore , claims could be brought domestically as well .
The fact that the House of Lords previously sanctioned the broad use of section 44 does not prevent the Supreme Court reconsidering the issue and finding the conduct unlawful under domestic law , in light of the Strasbourg ruling . "
For those feeling bogged down in the legal technicalities here , the underlying issue is pretty simple .
Last week , the Court of Human Rights ruled the use of s44 of the Terrorism Act unlawful .
The Home Office responded by announcing business as usual , with the Home Secretary stating : " I am disappointed with the ECHR ruling in this case as we won on these challenges in the UK courts , including in the House of Lords .
We are considering the judgment and will seek to appeal .
Pending the outcome of this appeal , the police will continue to have these powers available to them . "
This left us puzzled : if an action is declared unlawful , it is unlawful no matter how useful the power may be to government .
We asked the Home Office to explain this riddle to us , and they responded by claiming that their own legal experts ( Counsel ) had advised them that even where a law was itself unlawful , a public official would not be acting unlawfully if they made use of it .
Matthew Ryder ’s opinion puts this into context .
The exemption referred to in the Human Rights
Act only covers instances where a public official has no alternative but to enforce a particular law – over mandatory sentencing , for instance , or levying of a particular tax – and this is absolutely not the case in respect of s44 .
When we returned to the Home Office to ask if their Counsel had any further reaction to Mr Ryder ’s opinion , they declined to comment , reverting to the statement issued in the first place by the Home Secretary .
This official position – essentially placing fingers firmly in ears and going " la la la " – could cost Police Forces dear .
The Home Office statement has been adopted by ACPO and individual police forces as an accurate statement of the law .
Whilst resisting arrest is ill - advised , several lawyers have pointed out that where a police officer is relying on what is essentially an unlawful law to govern their relations with the public , they are no longer protected should an individual decide to resist the application of that law .
If a member of the public chooses to sue a police force – for instance , for wrongful arrest - that force may argue that " they were only following Home Office guidelines " .
A court may agree with this position or – since the actions of individual police forces are the responsibility of their respective chief constables – a court could decide that the force had acted negligently in not taking advice for itself .
The one possible ground that police could yet rely on – and possibly the ground that the Home Secretary is also hoping will be of some assistance – is that courts will go easy on police officers acting unlawfully pending an appeal .
If they do not , this latest advice from the Home Office could count as some of the worst it has ever given . ®
Via Global Issues :
* World military expenditure in 2008 is estimated to have reached $ 1.464 trillion in current dollars
* This represents a 4 per cent increase in real terms since 2007 and a 45 per cent increase over the 10 - year period since 1999 ;
* This corresponds to 2.4 per cent of world gross domestic product ( GDP ) , or $ 217 for each person in the world ;
* The USA with its massive spending budget , is the principal determinant of the current world trend , and its military expenditure now accounts for just under half of the world total
PHOENIX — Two men thought to have been acting suspicious aboard a flight bound for Phoenix were detained and questioned by federal anti-terrorism authorities before they were released , the FBI said Sunday .
Transportation Security Administration officials said passengers aboard U.S. Airways Flight 192 from Orlando , Fla. , on Saturday night reported that two men , described as Middle Eastern , were acting strangely and talking loudly to each other in a foreign language .
A nearby passenger also observed one of men watching what appeared to be footage of a suicide bombing , but was actually a scene from the 2007 movie " The Kingdom . "
The man also got up from his seat while the seat belt warning sign was still lit , FBI spokesman Manuel Johnson said .
" The totality of those three occurrences led this passenger to believe this was suspicious , " he said .
The flight crew called for law enforcement and TSA officers to meet them when the plane landed at Phoenix 's Sky Harbor International Airport at about 8 p.m.
Authorities said the two men were met by Phoenix police and TSA officials at the flight 's airport gate and later interviewed by FBI agents .
Nothing dangerous was found during a search of the plane and passengers ' luggage , police said .
The men were released after questioning and allowed to continue on to California , Phoenix Johnson said .
The flight 's final destination was San Diego .
Authorities did not release the men's names , ages or hometowns .
© Copyright 2009 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Sceptical about Climate Change Sceptics
Scepticism is good , but the inability to see the whole is what leads climate sceptics astray Dr. Mae - Wan Ho and Prof.
Peter Saunders
Excerpt from Water Carnival - the images of organisms discovered in Mae - Wan Ho 's laboratory within a quantum jazz soundscape .
Download the full video from the online store .
Tragedy of the Copenhagen summit & the climate sceptics
“ Low targets , goals dropped , Copenhagen ends in failure ” was the headline verdict of UK ’s Guardian newspaper [ 1 ] .
The “ Copenhagen accord ” , brokered by US President Barack Obama and Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao , “ recognizes ” the scientific case for keeping temperature rise to no more than 2 ˚C , but contains no commitments to reduce emissions to achieve that goal .
Martin Khor , executive director of the South Centre ( a think tank for developing countries ) , condemned the entire process as [ 2 ] a “ tragedy ” and a “ disaster ” .
The three - page long Copenhagen accord , drawn up after the UN conference , was not even accepted by the conference .
Just weeks before the Copenhagen climate summit , private e-mails were stolen from the servers of the Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia in the UK and released on the web [ 3 ] , fuelling a fresh round of attack on climate change from the sceptics that may have helped to derail the Copenhagen summit .
The Copenhagen summit failed because of other over - riding reasons as described by Khor [ 2 ] , and predicted by our guest editor , Alan Simpson , UK member of Parliament [ 4 ]
( Announcing Science in Society # 44 - Autumn 2009 ) .
Ultimately , it comes down to an inability of the world nations to cooperate , to see the whole picture , particularly in the longer term .
But it is a mistake to dismiss the climate sceptics , as they will continue to influence the tough negotiations ahead .
And their voices are getting shriller , louder , and more sophisticated in the political arena .
A US Senate Minority Report updated in March 2009 [ 5 ] , claims more than 700 international scientists ( note : not climate scientists ) dissenting over global warming .
On the eve of the summit , Saudi Arabia and Republican members of the US Congress used the e-mails incident to claim that the need for urgent action to cut carbon emissions has been undermined [ 6 ] .
UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown , Environment Secretary Ed Miliband , and Ed Markey , who co-authored the US climate change bill , had to join forces to condemn the ‘ flat - earth ’ sceptics .
Meanwhile , sceptic celebrities such as Professor Siegfried Frederick Singer and Lord Christopher Monckton were out in force in Copenhagen at a sceptics conference [ 7 ] , expostulating to a rapt audience on ‘ climategate ’ - how scientists deliberately distort data to support the global warming hypothesis - and thanking China for emitting CO 2 that greatly benefits agriculture .
Singer , former president of US National Academy of Sciences , has written a petition signed by 31 000 urging the US government against adopting a climate change treaty [ 8 ] .
Monckton , a hereditary peer in the UK and formerly policy advisor to Margaret Thatcher , embarked on a tour of North America during the autumn of 2009 to campaign against the Copenhagen summit , warning that the US president Obama intended to sign a treaty at the conference that would “ impose a communist world government ” on the globe [ 9 ] .
In the same weeks , we were bombarded with messages urging us to stop supporting the conventional theory .
A common thread running through climate scepticism is that human activities have no impact on climate , least of all , the increase in CO 2 from human activities .
The earth has warmed and cooled in the past , and natural causes can account for all the warming that may have taken place since the industrial revolution ; and sceptics will jump at whichever natural cause that appears plausible from time to time .
There are those who believe global warming itself is a fiction , and the Copenhagen summit a UN plot to establish a ( communist ) world government .
The scientific case of climate scepticism
Peter Taylor , author of Chill , A reassessment of global warming theory [ 10 ] , is convinced the earth is cooling , not warming , based on scientific evidence reviewed in his book published in 2009 .
A good friend sent us the scholarly - looking volume of more than 400 pages complete with notes and references , strongly urging us to read it .
Taylor is an environmental analyst and policy advisor with impeccable credentials .
He has worked as a consultant with the UK government and various NGOs on environmental pollution , nuclear waste hazards , and renewable energies .
He does n’t approve of biofuels , nuclear power stations , GMOs or big wind farms , for good reasons .
On climate change , one finds it strangely reassuring when he says there is no ‘ incontrovertible signal ’ for climate change and that the climate change ‘ consensus ’ does not exist , even within the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) .
That ’s just what one would expect from real science , as opposed to religious dogma .
Even Taylor himself admits that the “ consensus ” only exists in the IPCC summary for policy makers , and not in the technical reports .
When Taylor reveals alternative theories largely ignored by the establishment ; that too , rings true .
The scientific establishment is akin to a religious order ; the hacked e-mails incident [ 2 ] exposes , if anything , the extent to which the ‘ in - group ’ can exclude the ‘ dissenters ’ .
It is the same in every field , as we can confirm from personal experiences .
What makes us wary is when Taylor says he was “ motivated to critically review the evidence of climate change because the proposed cure is likely to be worse than the disease . ”
His chief concern was the impact on the UK countryside , especially from the push for biofuels as a renewable energy strategy , which would mean using up all the ‘ set - aside ’ land to grow ‘ bioenergy ’ crops , leaving no natural ecosystems in the magnificent landscape , no butterflies and bees , or any vestige of natural biodiversity .
Was Taylor unconsciously biased against the evidence for climate change because he did not like the remedial policies proposed ?
That ’s the danger of allowing politics to dominate science , as governments and vested interests do , all too often .
We would not be surprised if much of climate scepticism is politically motivated and by far less benign reasons .
We do n’t like the climate change remedies on offer either ; which is why we have gone out of our way to formulate truly green and sustainable energy policies [ 11 ]
( Green Energies - 100 % Renewable by 2050 , ISIS publication ) that are independent of whether climate change is occurring or not [ 12 ]
( Power to the People , 100 Percent Renewables by 2050 , SiS 45 ) .
That frees us from potential bias against the conventional theory , which we too , have found overly simplistic ( see later ) .
Nevertheless , we cannot believe human activities have no influence on climate .
Humans have destroyed vast swathes of forests and other natural ecosystems , decimating natural biodiversity , turning huge areas into waste land and desert through overexploitation of soil and water .
We have literally changed the face of the earth .
Taylor does not waste time on the conventional theory .
He simply states categorically that there is no evidence anthropogenic ( human - generated ) CO 2 has any role in warming the planet , nor any other human activities .
It is all a fabrication .
He singles out the computer modellers as the chief villains that have created the myth .
Their models , which dominate the IPCC , are ‘ untransparent ’ , based on false assumptions , ignore natural cycles , and do not take sufficient account of natural forces .
All the work on ‘ postdiction ’ of how atmospheric CO 2 correlates with temperature in the earth ’s ancient history , as measured in ice cores is summarily dismissed .
The refutations
Actually , the evidence for CO 2 and the greenhouse effect is very good indeed .
Research into the greenhouse effect began in the 19th century with Fourier , Tyndall , Langley , and Arrhenius who first quantified the relationship between changes in CO 2 and climate [ 13 ] .
In the 1930s , burning fossil fuels by human beings began to be considered a cause of significant warming .
The IPCC climate models are based on fundamental physics [ 14 , 15 ] ; and confirmed by direct satellite measurements [ 16 ] ( see [ 17 ] Getting Sceptical about Global Warming Scepticism , SiS 45 ) .
Taylor subscribes to the theory favoured by climate sceptics : solar activity can account for most if not all the warming that has taken place in the latter part of the past century .
He devotes most of the book describing and defending the theory , especially as revived by researchers at the Danish National Space Center in the late 1990s [ 18 ] .
The theory claims a strong correlation between solar activity and global climate , which can be explained by an influence of solar activity on the abundance of cosmic rays .
Solar activity goes through cycles that average 11 years long .
When the solar magnetic field is strong during periods of maximum sunspot activity , cosmic rays are excluded from the solar system , and as the sun ’s activity diminishes , cosmic rays become more abundant .
The theory is that cosmic rays promote the formation of clouds by generating plenty of ions in the atmosphere that can form cloud condensation nuclei upon which water vapour condense to form droplets that coalesce into clouds .
More clouds shade the earth from the sun and cool the earth .
Conversely , a lack of clouds allows more solar radiation to strike the earth and warms it .
The Danish group published a series of papers that attempted to establish links between cosmic rays and in succession , total cloud cover and low cloud cover , and between the solar cycle lengths and Northern Hemisphere land temperatures .
But Peter Laut at the Technical University of Denmark analysed the published graphs [ 19 ] , and showed that the apparent strong correlations displayed on the graphs have been obtained by “ an incorrect handling of the physical data ” and cautioned against “ drawing any conclusions ” based on them .
In other words , the data have been manipulated in unjustified and unexplained ways to produce the correlations that do not actually exist .
This lack of correlation between solar activity and earth temperature was amply confirmed by other researchers [ 17 ] including experts in solar physics [ 20 - 22 ] .
Far from ignoring the cosmic ray hypothesis , as Taylor complained , climate scientists have seriously followed it up with the latest satellite data ; and the evidence has all gone against the theory .
One of the proposals for saving the hypothesis is to invoke sudden decreases in cosmic ray - Forbush events - that occur within a solar activity cycle , as having special significance in influencing cloud formation .
But investigations from the space - borne MODIS instrument , which has been operating since 2000 , failed to find such correlation [ 23 ] .
Similarly , little correlation could be found between cosmic ray flux and the formation of new particles that could serve as cloud condensation nuclei [ 24 ] .
Yet , based on this tenuous and widely discredited evidence , Taylor is predicting a global chill because the flux of cosmic rays has been rising since 2004 .
The regional cooling across Eurasia , England and parts of North America through December 2009 and early January 2010 might seem to fit his prediction .
But much of the planet is in fact experiencing warmer temperatures than usual , including North - east America , Canada , North Africa , the Mediterranean , and south - west Asia [ 17 ] .
This is an apt illustration of what ’s wrong with climate scepticism : the inability to see the global picture while focussing on their tiny areas of interest .
Scepticism is healthy , especially when the political stakes are high in something like climate change ; but it must be accompanied by a passionate commitment to the coherent whole .
Contrary to the claims of Taylor and other climate sceptics , scepticism has stimulated good research on cloud formation , for example , which has long been identified as a major area of uncertainty by top climate scientists [ 15 , 25 ] .
Similarly , the importance of natural cycles [ 10 ] , the slow response / feedback times of greenhouse gases [ 26 ] ( 350 ppm CO2 the Target , SiS 44 ) , the role of black carbon in warming the earth [ 27 ]
( Black Carbon Warms the Planet Second Only to CO2 , SiS 44 ) and the rapid depletion of oxygen [ 28 , 29 ] ( O2 Dropping Faster than CO2 Rising , Warming Oceans Starved of Oxygen , SiS 44 ) must all be taken into consideration .
One thing we are completely convinced of : human action is effective in exacerbating or mitigating climate change .
The choice and responsible are both ours .
We need an open and transparent science to help us make the right choice and implement the appropriate solutions .
Article first published 20/01/10
References
“ Stolen e-mails turn up heat on climate change rhetoric ” , Eli Kintisch , Science 2009 , 326 , 1329 Khor M. The real tragedy of Copenhagen .
Economics and Political Weekly 2 January 2010 , 10 - 13 . “ Low targets , goals dropped ; Copenhagen ends in failure ” , John Vidal , Allegra Stratton and Suzanne Goldenberg , guardian.co.uk , 19 December 2009 , http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2009/dec/18/copenhagen-deal
Simpson A. Skylines beyond the summit .
Science in Society 44 , 2 - 3 , 2009.data U.S. Senate Minority Report : More Than 700 International Scientists Dissent Ovcer Man-Made Global Warming Claims , Scientists Continue to Debunk “ Consensus ” in 2008 & 2009 .
US Senate Environment and Public Works Committee , 16 March 2009 , http://epw.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=Files.View&FileStore_id=83947f5d-d84a-4a84-ad5d-6e2d71db52d9
“ Brown attacks ‘ flat - earth ’ climate sceptics ” , the Hindu , Guardian News Service , 5 December 2009 , http://beta.thehindu.com/sci-tech/energy-and-environment/article60563.ece
“ Copenhagen ’s sceptic conference thanks China for emitting CO2 ” , John Vidal , Environment Blog , guardian.co.uk , 9 December 2009 , http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/blog/2009/dec/10/climate-sceptics-conference-copenhagen
Letter from Frederick Seitz .
Research review of global warming evidence .
Accessed 12 January 2010 , http://www.oism.org/pproject/
Christopher Monckton , 3rd Viscount Monckton of Brenchley , Wikipedia , 10 January 2010 , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christopher_Monckton,_3rd_Viscount_Monckton_of_Brenchley
Taylor P. Chill , A reassessment of global warming theory , Clairview , East Sussex , 2009 Ho MW , Cherry B , Burcher S and Saunders PT .
Green Energies , 100 % Renewables by 2050 , ISIS / TWN , London / Penang , 2009 .
https://www.i-sis.org.uk/GreenEnergies.php
Ho MW .
Green power to the people , 100 % renewables by 2050 .
Science in Society 45 ( to appear ) Uppenbrink J. Arrhenius and global warming .
Science 1996 , 272 , 1122 Ramanathan V . The role of ocean - atmosphere interactions in the CO2 climate problem .
J Atmos Sciences 1981 , 918-30 .
Ramanathan V. Trace - gas greenhouse effect and global warming .
Underlying principles and outstanding issues .
Vovlvo Environmental prize Lecture 1997 .
MVIO 1998 M 27 , 187-97 .
Evans WJF and Puckrin E. Measurements of the radiative surface forcing of climate .
P1.7 , AMS 18th Conference on Climate Variability and Change , http://ams.confex.com/ams/Annual2006/techprogram/paper_100737.htm
Cook J. Getting Sceptical about Global Warming Scepticism .
Science in Society 45 ( to appear ) .
Svensmark H and Friis - Christensen E. Variation of cosmic ray flux and global could coverage – a missing link in solar - climate relationships .
J Atmos Sol Terr Phys 1997 , 59 , 1225 .
Laut P. Solar activity and terrestrial climate : an analysis of some purported correlations .
J Atmos and Solar - Terres Phys 2003 , 65 , 801 - 12 .
Lockwood M and Frőhlich C. Recemt oppositely directed trends in solar climate forcings and the global mean surface air temperature .
Proc Roy Soc A 2007 , doi:10.1098/rspa.2007.1880 Lockwood M and Frőhlich C. Recemt oppositely directed trends in solar climate forcings and the global mean surface air temperature .
II .
Different reconstructions of the solar irradiance variation and dependence on response time scale .
Proc Roy Soc A 2008 , 464 , 1367 - 85 .
Lockwood M. Recent changes in solar outputs and the global mean surface temperatures .
III .
Analysis of contributions to global mean air surface temperature rise .
Proc Roy Soc A 2008 , 464 , 1387 -404 .
Kristjansson JE , Stjern CW , Stordal E , Fjaeraa F , Fjaeraa AM , Myhre G and Jónasson K. Cosmic rays , cloud condensation nuclei and clouds – a reassessment using MODIS data .
Atmos Chem Phys 2008 , 8 , 7373 - 87 . Kulmala M , Rllpinen I , NieminenT et al .
Atmospheric data over a solar cycle : no connection between galactic cosmic rays and new particle formation .
Atmos Chem Phys Disuss 2009 , 9 , 21525-60 .
Pearce F. Harbingers of doom ?
24 July 2004 , http://www.newscientist.com/article/mg18324575.600-harbingers-of-doom.html?page=2
Ho MW. 350 ppm CO 2 the target .
Science in Society 44 , 4 - 7 , 2009 .
Ho MW .
Black carbon warms the planet second only to CO2 .
Science in Society 44 , 12 - 13 , 2009 .
Ho MW .
O2 dropping faster than CO2 rising .
Science in Society 44 , 8 - 10 , 2009 .
Ho MW .
Warming oceans starved of oxygen .
Science in Society 44 , 11+17 , 2009 .
Got something to say about this page ?
Comment on this article Comments may be published .
All comments are moderated .
Name and email details are required .
Anti spam question :
How different things looked in 1900 and 2000 .
The end of the 19th century was drowned in fin de siècle gloom .
The end of the 20th century was , on the contrary , exuberant .
President Bush
Sr triumphantly announced in 1991 that a " new world order " was coming into view in which " the principles of justice and fair play will protect the weak against the strong [ and ] freedom and humanity will find a home among nations … Enduring peace must be our mission . "
As the world was entering a new century of supposed peace and prosperity , I was hitting my half - century , a point of some pride and much foreboding .
Melancholic retrospection and hopeful planning was the order of the day – for the world and me .
Globalisation , neoliberal economics and humanitarian cosmopolitanism were the contours of the new age .
Economic interdependence , global communications , free trade , population and capital flows were bringing the world together , undermining the omnipotence of sovereignty and nation - state .
A global civil society of multinational corporations , as well as international and non-governmental organisations , were to create the transnational solidarities necessary to protect against global risks .
Globalisation went hand in hand with the rise of neoliberal capitalism .
The WTO and IMF imposed globally a model euphemistically known as the Washington consensus : pressure was put on developing states to deregulate and open their financial sector , privatise utilities and reduce welfare spending .
These policies would , it was argued , unleash the economic potential of the developing world , hitherto blocked by inefficiency , corruption and socialism .
In the absence of a blueprint for this new arrangement , cosmopolitanism , a Greek philosophical idea revived by Kant in the 18th century and Kelsen and Habermas in the 20th , was presented as the world 's destiny .
Cosmopolitanism is globalisation with a human face .
It promises a morally guided legal and institutional framework , the weakening if not abolition of the state form , and the strengthening of international institutions and civil society .
Iraq and Afghanistan were the last wars before this pending union of humankind .
The end of history was therefore the triumph of historicism : nothing outside or beyond the dominant order could be used to criticise or resist it .
Cosmopolitanism – bound by international law and human rights – was apparently here to stay ; its principles could no longer be challenged .
The only task left to politics was redistributions of power and wealth at the margins .
This was the great utopia at the end of the 20th century , a liberal fantasy as comprehensive as anything Christianity or Marxism had ever imagined .
Embarrassingly , despite routine denunciations , it was accepted by people on the liberal left , like me .
If the world cannot be changed , the argument went , the left should concentrate on small - scale projects , moral concerns and the protection of vulnerable identities .
Multiculturalism could replace radical change , membership of Amnesty that of political organisations .
At the end of the first decade of the millennium , every aspect of this fantasy has been reversed .
If this was a new world order , it was the shortest in history .
" New deadly challenges have emerged from rogue states and terrorists , " wrote Bush Jr in 2002 , 10 years after his father 's announcement .
" We will not hesitate to act alone , if necessary , to exercise our right of self - defence by acting pre-emptively . "
Enduring peace became perpetual war .
History returned with a vengeance .
Let me mention the recent signs of this " bonfire of falsities " : 1 . The Iraq and Afghanistan wars have left a bitter taste of political and moral decadence .
The continuous shifting of the ground for war ( from self - defence against terrorists to the threat of WMD to humanitarianism , regime change and , with Obama , just war ) has revealed a hegemonic power intent on war at all costs but uninterested in its legality or legitimacy despite the cosmopolitan rhetoric .
Military might and technological brilliance , the signs of brutal sovereignty , have fully returned but are proving impotent against low technology and strong ideology .
2 . The promise that market - led growth based on unregulated foreign investment and fiscal austerity would inexorably lead the global South to western economic standards has come to be seen as the greatest deception of our times .
The gap between the North and the South , and between rich and poor , has never been greater .
More than a billion people live on less than $ 1 a day .
According to a 2006 UN report , average life in sub-Saharan Africa is less than half that in Northern Europe .
Instead of equalising , globalised capitalism has led to the " bottom billion " .
The beginning of the end of neoliberal idolatry can be timed accurately : 15 September 2008 and the demise of Lehman Brothers .
Greedy banks , conniving governments and economic " science " , the witch medicine of our age , are still in mourning but reality has caught up with their convenient fantasies .
3 . The former socialist countries moved fast from command economies to klepto - capitalism and from state oppression to market decadence without passing through a humane social and political order .
The western panacea has been found inappropriate for many people at the heart of Europe .
4 . Until recently , the western consensus was that torture takes place in exotic and evil places .
This consensus has now dissolved .
Torture returned to western camps and prisons , to Guatánamo Bay and Abu Ghraib , and has been extensively outsourced .
It has become a respectable topic for " practical ethics " and jurisprudence conferences , where the " ticking bomb " hypothetical offers legitimacy and reveals the ugly underbelly of this new world order .
5 . Old Europe , the willing minor partner in the cosmopolitan plans , has become seriously ill .
Liberalism and social democracy , the proud social models it created , have atrophied as they converged towards the economics and politics of neoliberalism .
The European Union has been emptied of political imagination and institutional will , as the sad shenanigans over the referendums and the Lisbon treaty attest .
The current travails of Greece , Spain and Ireland are further evidence .
The downgrading of Greece 's credit rating by three unaccountable private companies which follow neoliberal orthodoxy is leading to externally imposed austerity , serious deterioration of living conditions and social unrest .
These were the companies giving Lehman Brothers a top rating just before its collapse .
The response of governments to the end of neoliberal hegemony is still timid and uncertain .
But people around the world have started reacting , as strikes in France , Greece and India , the Latin American popular movements and the reaction of youth to ecological catastrophe indicate .
The great monotheistic religions have taught us that the messiah and the angel of history do not send a party invitation before arriving .
Their lesson is invaluable .
The return of history means that we can believe again in radical change even if we do not know when or how it will happen .
The 21st century brings the age of western empires and cosmopolitanisms to closure .
The left is the main hope against an endgame of xenophobic , securitised , apocalyptic barbarism .
But this is not the New Labour or German SPD nominal " left " nor that of departed " communism " .
New forms of socialism , new types of political subjectivity and solidarity are emerging in Latin America , in the ecological movement and in the ghettoes of our great cities .
What the decade taught me was to expect radical change and to try to imagine a renewed socialism in which freedom cannot flourish without equality and equality does not exist without freedom .
The new decade 's resolution : one should become more radical as one grows older alongside the 21st century .
Muscle March • WiiWare • Namco • www
It was one of 2009 's top game memes when video first emerged of its Japanese release , and now it 's finally arrived : in a momentous occasion few thought we 'd ever see ( and even fewer genuinely hoped we would ) — Namco has just released Muscle March for download on U.S. Wiis .
So how'd it turn out ?
Not surprisingly , pretty much exactly as you 'd imagine from that video above .
Strip away all the well - oiled bodywork and its a remarkably slim game of think - fast reaction time , a holdover from its arcade roots .
The plot , so to speak , is simply to chase down the thief that 's stolen your protein powder , be he a rogue football linebacker , alien Grey , or clownish / fey Nobunaga , striking whichever pose they choose to fit cleanly through the slapstick man-sized hole they leave in each subsequent wall .
It 's an easier task at the caboose end of the muscled train , giving you plenty of time to anticipate each movement , but as each teammate drops out and leaves you alone to your task , the pace quickens to split second decisions , made even more difficult by last - minute feints .
Again indicative of its arcade origins , each game rarely lasts longer than a hot minute or two , and Namco has made no effort to provide depth beyond that : it simply strives to be the best scantily - clad - bodybuilder - breaking - through - walls game ever made , a glorious goal it 's impossible to say it has n't achieved .
An experimental nasally administered malaria vaccine prevented parasite transmission from infected mice to mosquitoes and could play an important role in the fight against human malaria .
Researchers from Japan report their findings in the December 2009 issue of the journal Infection and Immunity .
Malaria is one of the most significant infectious diseases affecting developing countries and is often prominent in children .
Mortality and morbidity levels are high and although antimalarial drug chemotherapy and insecticide - treated bed nets have somewhat reduced the number of malaria infections , additional prevention and treatment methods such as vaccines are needed for local elimination and ultimately complete eradication .
Prior studies show that the ookinete - to - oocyst phase in the malaria life cycle , when the malarial parasite is fertilized in the mosquito's body , is one of the most vulnerable stages making it an ideal target for antitransmission vaccines .
In the study researchers developed a nasal vaccine based on ookinete - surface proteins ( OSPs or also known as parasite antigens ) and intranasally vaccinated mice infected with malaria .
When given in conjunction with the cholera toxin adjuvant vaccinated mice developed a robust antibody response and completely prevented trasmission of the parasite to mosquitoes that were allowed to feed on them after infection .
" To our knowledge , this is the first time that mucosal vaccination has been demonstrated to be efficacious for directly preventing parasite transmission from vaccinated animals to mosquitoes , and the results may provide important insight into rational design of nonparenteral vaccines for use against human malaria , " say the researchers .
( CNN ) -- Some 24 million Chinese men of marrying age will find themselves lacking wives in 2020 , partly because of the country 's one - child policy , which has led to the abortion of female fetuses , state media said Monday .
Sex - specific abortions have led to a large male population born since the 1980s , the China Daily newspaper said , citing a study conducted by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences .
The gender imbalance means that the next decade will see many intergenerational marriages : young men married to women much older than them , the study said .
China 's Communist Party implemented the one - child rule three decades ago , amid fears that the country would not be able to feed a skyrocketing population .
The policy has prevented about 400 million births , China Daily said .
Couples living in cities are barred from having more than one child , unless neither parent has siblings .
In rural areas , the law allows for a second child under certain circumstances .
And the guidelines are looser for ethnic minorities with small populations .
Enforcement varies , but usually takes the form of fines to discourage extra births .
The policy has curbed population growth , and has led to forced sterilization in some parts of the country , the U.S. State Department said .
Because of a traditional preference for male heirs , many Chinese also have aborted female fetuses , according to human rights groups .
Even within the country , calls to overhaul the law have increased in recent years , China Daily said .
But China has said it will maintain its one - child policy for at least another decade .
Nearly 200 million Chinese will enter child - bearing age in the next 10 years , Minister Zhang Weiqing told China Daily two years ago .
He said abandoning the policy during this period would cause " serious problems and add extra pressure on social and economic development . "
" After the new birth peak ends , we may adjust the policy if there is a need , " he said .
China 's population , which stands at about 1.3 billion , is growing at the rate of 0.6 percent .
It is expected to peak around 1.6 billion by 2050 , the U.S. State Department said .
There are always two sides to history .
Unfortunately , history has generally been written by the victor .
As a result , only one viewpoint is told and exaggerations are made , but occasionally the other angle gets out there .
It is then up to the student to determine what is authentic and what is mere fabrication .
History shows that the following people were 10 of the most barbaric men who ever lived .
Whether the general consensus on them is true or not , that ’s for you to decide .
Nonetheless , the facts that are known reveal 10 men who are corrupt in nature and will do anything or kill anyone to get what they want and often for sheer enjoyment .
They personify the word “ bloodthirsty . ”
At times , sharing traits with the most savage of beasts , these men prove that humans are n’t so different from animals .
10 Lope de Aguirre
Aguirre stands out as one of the most ruthless of the Spanish conquistadors .
He arrived in Peru in 1544 and in 1560 joined an expedition of several hundred men led by Pedro de Ursua in search of El Dorado .
Aguirre eventually turned against Ursua ’s leadership and would have Ursua executed .
The man who took over , Fernando de Guzman , would also soon be put to death .
Aguirre declared “ I am the Wrath of God ” and took over the mission .
Those who remained on the mission who were against him were executed .
As he sailed down the Amazon , Aguirre slaughtered those who he met along the way .
In 1561 he showed himself in open rebellion against the Spanish crown by seizing Isla Margarita , off the coast of present day Venezuela , from Spanish settlers .
He was surrounded and captured at Barquisimeto .
With his execution approaching , Aguirre reportedly murdered his own daughter to ensure that no one but him could love her .
9 Fernando Álvarez de Toledo 3rd Duke of Alba
One of the foremost professional soldiers of his day , Alba was the commander in chief of Charles V army .
Despite diminishing trust in Alba , Charles ’ heir , Phillip II sent Alba as an emissary to France to hold negotiations with Catherine de Medici .
With an anti-Protestant policy , it is believed that Alba helped lay the groundwork for the massacre of French Protestants on St. Bartholomew ’s Day , 1572 .
In 1567 , Alba was dispatched as governor of the Spanish Netherlands following the outbreak of popular unrest .
Determined to restore order swiftly and in a fierce fashion , Alba , with 12,000 soldiers , set up a Council of Troubles soon to be dubbed the Council of Blood .
This council declared thousands of people guilty of rebelling and either exiled , imprisoned or executed them .
Every class of society was hit , noble birth was often not enough to protect some .
After entering Brussels , 22 of the town ’s leading citizens were beheaded .
Dozens more massacres were to follow .
Alba ’s brutal reaction to the rebellion only fueled more insurrections against the Spanish crown .
8 Antipope Clement VII
Robert of Geneva was brilliant intellectually and was born to a family very close to the church .
In 1368 , aged just 26 , Robert became an archbishop .
Pope Gregory IX recognized his talents and promoted him to cardinal in 1371 .
Serving under the Pope in Italy from 1376 to 1378 , Robert was in charge of suppressing the Papal States from revolting against the authority of Rome .
Robert hired Sylvester Budes , leader of a band of Breton mercenaries and Sir John Hawkwood , an infamous English soldier of fortune .
In 1377 , Hawkwood and the Bretons , financed by the papacy , captured the city of Cesena .
Hawkwood was willing to pardon the revolting townspeople in return for surrender , but Robert overruled him , ordering they be put to the sword .
The mercenaries wreaked havoc on the streets .
Those who hid in the Church of St. Stephen were killed and the church itself was vandalized .
The convent was broken into and the nuns were raped .
Over 4,000 people were slaughtered .
In 1378 , Bartolomeo Prignano was elected as Pope Urban VI .
Unhappy with the choice , the cardinals reconsidered and eventually nullified Urban ’s election and opted to elect Robert as Pope Clement VII .
Supported by King Charles V of France , Clement established Avignon as his residence .
France , Scotland and various German states recognized Clement as the Pope while Urban governed from Rome , supported by Spain and the Italian states .
And so the Great Schism began .
Because it is not possible for the cardinals to nullify a papal election , Clement VII was eventually recognized by all as an antipope .
7 Basil the Bulgar Slayer
Basil II was a powerful and effective Byzantine ruler .
Best described as a “ hero - monster ” , he was successful on all fronts and was perennially engaged in warfare .
Basil ruled for 50 years and brought the Byzantine Empire to new heights , expanding it ’s borders to it ’s greatest extent .
He Swiftly destroyed all who challenged his rule .
This included rebelling landowners , his uncle and Arab invaders .
Eventually he would cross paths with his enemy Tsar Samuel of Bulgaria whose own empire was swallowing up Byzantine territory .
Struggling with his campaign in the beginning , Basil began to have steady success against the Bulgars .
Basil would finally win a massive victory at the Battle of Kleidon on July 29 , 1014 as his forces took the capital .
As punishment , Basil lined up the captive Bulgar soldiers and had them blinded .
He left one eye untouched for every hundred men so that the troops could find their way home .
Reportedly 15,000 Bulgars , terrorized , wounded and blinded pathetically shuffled away .
Tsar Samuel fainted after seeing his soldiers return and died of a stroke .
Thus Basil II earned his epithet ‘ Bulgar Slayer ’ through this monstrous act .
6 Talat Pasha
Pasha was the key architect of the Armenian genocide , one of the largest genocides in modern history .
Over 1 million people were massacred in the span of 2 years .
A member of the Young Turks , Talat rose up and became one of the three Pashas who ruled the Ottoman government in 1913 until the end of the disastrous First World War .
Many Muslim
Turks came to see the rise in nationalism of the Christian Armenians as a threat to the existence of the Ottoman state .
Programs had already been installed against Armenians in previous years with possibly hundreds of thousands dying .
30,000 died in the Adana massacre of 1909 .
Once entering World War One , the Ottoman ’s endeavor ended in total failure .
Russian and Armenian forces set up an Armenian mini-state in 1915 and thus Talat Pasha sought to punish them .
Security forces rounded up 250 Armenian intellectuals and leaders in Istanbul in 1915 , and eventually executed them .
After passing a Deportation Law , Pasha ordered deportations and executions to be carried out against the whole Armenian population .
During the deportations , conditions were deplorable and men were routinely separated from the rest and executed .
Many prisoners were tortured and were victims of gruesome medical experiments .
More died of hunger and thirst .
In some instances victims would be crucified in imitation of Jesus as the perpetrators would say : “ Now let your Christ come help you ! ”
Others would have red - hot irons and pincers applied to their flesh .
Out of a population of 2.5 million Armenians , between 1 and 1.5 million perished in this period .
After the Ottoman collapse , Talat Pasha fled to Berlin and was subsequently murdered there in 1921 .
His assassin was an Armenian genocide survivor .
5 Lothar von Trotha
Issuing one of the first historically documented orders for genocide , von Trotha who was the commander in chief of German South - West Africa had to put down a major rebellion , led by the Herero tribe .
With an army of 10,000 , von Trotha surrounded the Herero in a single location on three sides .
The only escape for the Herero was to enter the Kalahari Desert .
The Herero numbered about 50,000 with 6,000 warriors .
They could not compete with the German forces who had modern rifles , machine guns and artillery .
As the surviving Hereros escaped into the desert as planned , von Trotha ordered all the watering holes to be poisoned .
Fences were erected along the desert boundary with guard posts to watch for any who tried to escape .
Anyone caught would be shot on sight .
Eventually von Trotha would issue an Extermination Order .
Those who were not shot on sight would be put into labor camps and pushed into slavery .
Thousands of Herero died from overwork , disease or starvation .
Many of the women were sexually abused .
Only 15,000 out of the initial 80,000 Herero population remained alive .
Due to the supposed inferiority , some Herero were the subject of medical experiments .
Later , there was a Nama uprising and some 10,000 died .
Another 9,000 were put into concentration camps .
On von Trotha ’s watch , the Herero and Nama tribes had all been eradicated .
4 Tomás de Torquemada
A man of Jewish descent , Torquemada was the first inquisitor general in Spain .
Torquemada convinced the government , led by Ferdinand and Isabella , that the presence of Jews , Muslims and recent false converts to Christianity in Spain represented a dangerous corruption of the true Catholic faith .
Because of Torquemada , repressive laws were passed to force the expulsion of Spain ’s non-Christian minorities .
He received support from Pope Sixtus IV .
Torquemada , now matching the authority of Ferdinand and Isabella themselves , oversaw the proclamation of the 28 articles listing the sins that the Inquisition aimed to purge .
Identifying and exposing “ Marranos ” ( Jews who had pretended to be Christian but continued to practice Judaism ) was a main focus .
Inquisitors were granted power to do whatever necessary to reveal the truth .
This inevitably led to violent persecution .
In February 1484 alone , 30 people in the city of Ciudad Real were found guilty of crimes and burnt alive .
Between 1485 and 1501 , 250 people were burnt in Toledo .
In 1492 , in Torquemada ’s home town of Valladolid , 32 people were burnt .
Declaring that Jews were a mortal threat , in 1492 Ferdinand and Isabella decreed that all Jews who had not converted to Christianity were to be expelled from Spain .
About 40,000 left the country , many of them given sanctuary by the tolerant Islamic Ottomans in Istanbul and several other cities .
Torquemada remained as inquisitor general believing that his work was not done .
He became wealthy as well due to all that he had confiscated .
He would eventually die in office after two decades of burning approximately two thousand people .
3 Godfrey of Bouillon
Godfrey , the duke of Lower Lorraine , led the first crusade and was a brutal religious fundamentalist .
In 1095 pope Urban II called for crusaders to assist Byzantine emperor Alexius I against Turkish forces attacking Christian Byzantium and to liberate Jerusalem from the Muslims .
In 1096 , Godfrey gathered an army of about 40,000 and declared that he was determined to avenge the blood of Jesus on the Jewish people .
Godfrey ’s reputation grew as the years went on .
In 1098 , Godfrey reportedly killed 150 Turks with only 12 knights .
Later that year , he cut a Turk in half with a single , downward swipe of his sword .
Finally in 1099 , Godfrey took aim at Jerusalem .
On Friday July 15th , Godfrey was one of the first crusaders to breach the city ’s defenses via siege tower .
After opening the gates , the crusaders charged into the city .
With Muslim citizens fleeing to the al - Aqsa Mosque , Iftikhar ad - Dawla , the Fatimid governor of Jerusalem , made his last stand .
On condition of surrender , Iftikhar and some of his solders were allowed to escape .
For the next two days , the crusaders pillaged Muslim holy sites and slaughtered everyone left in the city regardless of whether they were combatants or civilians , Muslim or Jew .
Victims were either burned to death or had their stomachs cut open with the belief that Muslims swallowed their gold .
The Jews fled to a synagogue which the crusaders would burn down .
Reportedly piles of heads , hands and feet were scattered throughout the city .
Godfrey walked barefoot through the blood , his feet colored to his ankles in the blood of men , women and children .
His fellow crusaders chose him to become the first Christian ruler of Jerusalem .
He would die of plague a year later , his mission complete .
2 Sawney Beane
Beane was the head of an incestuous clan who lived off robbery , murder and cannibalism .
Some historians suggest that he never existed and say that his story was propaganda created by the English demonizing the Scottish .
The story goes that Alexander Beane left home , never showing an interest in work , with an equally unpleasant local woman .
Once they arrived at Bennane Head , they set up home in a coastal cave hidden away from the view of passers - by .
Over the next 25 years , Beane and the woman raised a family of about 8 sons and 6 daughters who bred together to produce 18 grandsons and 14 granddaughters .
The family was raised without any notions of humanity .
They preyed on travelers who traversed near their stretch of coast and would rob and kill their victims .
The clan would then drag the victims body back to their cave where they dismembered the body and devour it .
Leftovers were pickled and unwanted parts were disposed into the sea .
Often times the remains would wash up onto the chore .
Gradually suspicion arose among the locals .
One night , the Beane clan attacked a married couple on horseback .
The man managed to fight off the clan with a sword and pistol , but unfortunately his wife was knocked off the horse .
She was immediately disemboweled and the Beane clan drank her blood .
The man escaped and alarmed the locals of what had happened .
King James VI of Scotland ( James I of England ) was notified not long afterwards .
Hundreds of men and bloodhounds were sent after the clan .
The bloodhounds tracked the scent of human flesh back to the cave .
Upon entering , the men were hit with a putrid smell as they gazed upon the grisly image of dried flesh hanging from the walls and pickled body parts in barrels .
The Beanes made no attempt to escape .
They were executed without a trial .
It was said that the clan had over a thousand victims .
1 Gilles de Rais
Rais was a Breton who fought against the English , often serving alongside Joan of Arc .
A year after Joan was burned at the stake , Rais retired from military service and returned to his family ’s castle at Machecoul .
From there , Rais began a campaign of sadistic sex murders , killing between 60 and 200 children .
He preferred boys between the ages of 6 and 18 .
His victims were generally blue - eyed and blond - haired and were usually kidnapped from the village of Machecoul and the surrounding areas or lured to his castle .
His first victim was a 12 - year - old messenger who was hanged by his neck on a metal hook and raped before being put out of his misery .
More and more children started to disappear and suspicion arose .
Unfortunately , the locals were too terrified to go up against one of the most powerful men in France .
Rais had a specially built chamber where he would restrain his victims while he proceeded with his grotesque sexual acts .
He would kill them with a variety of methods which included dismemberment , decapitation and disembowelment .
He enjoyed watching them die sometimes even laughing .
After some difficulty , a case was finally brought up against him .
Rais stated at his trial that he admired the heads and body parts of his more beautiful victims .
Gilles was arrested in September of 1440 and indicted on 34 counts of murder .
He would eventually confess to the murders under the threat of torture .
Rais was found guilty of murder , sodomy and heresy .
Gilles was hanged and then burned on October 16 , 1440 , along with two of his servants .
Rais was granted the right of confession after expressing remorse .
He refused to admit he was a devil worshipper and professed the strength of his faith .
Gilles de Rais would become one of the first known serial killers in history .
The guilt and conscience that he would show when not taken over by the urge to murder only confirmed how depraved and mentally disturbed this man was .
With the recently disclosed hacking incident inside Google and other major companies , much of the world has begun to wake up to what the infosec community has known for some time there is a persistent campaign of " espionage - by - malware " emanating from the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) .
Corporate and state secrets both have been shanghaied over a period of five or more years , and the activity becomes bolder over time with little public acknowledgement or response from the U.S. government .
" Operation Aurora " is the latest in a series of attacks originating out of Mainland China .
Previous attacks have been known as " GhostNet " and " Titan Rain . "
Operation Aurora takes its name directly from the hackers this time the name was coined after virus analysts found unique strings in some of the malware involved in the attack .
These strings are debug symbol file paths in source code that has apparently been custom - written for these attacks .
The paths were left behind in the compiled binaries as shown below :
Although the code behind Operation Aurora has only recently been discovered , and the known samples of the main backdoor trojan ( called Hydraq by antivirus companies ) appear to be no older than 2009 .
It appears that development of Aurora has been in the works for quite some time some of the custom modules in the Aurora codebase have compiler time stamps dating back to May 2006 .
This date is only a year or so after the Titan Rain attacks , which largely used widely - available trojans that were already known to antivirus companies .
As a result of using completely original code and then only in highly - targeted attacks , the Aurora code seems to have escaped detection for quite some time .
The compiler often offers other clues to a malware sample 's origin .
For instance , if the binary uses a PE resource section , the resource 's headers will often provide a language code .
The Hydraq component does use a resource section , but in this case , the author was careful to either compile the code on an English - language system , or they edited the language code in the binary after - the - fact .
So outside of the fact that PRC IP addresses have been used as control servers in the attacks , there is no " hard evidence " of involvement of the PRC or any agents thereof .
There is one interesting clue in the Hydraq binary that points back to mainland China , however .
While analyzing the samples , I noticed a CRC ( cyclic redundancy check ) algorithm that seemed somewhat unusual .
CRCs are used to check for errors that might have been introduced into stored or transferred data .
There are many different CRC algorithms and implementations of those algorithms , but this is one I had not previously seen in any of my reverse - engineering efforts .
Below is the raw assembly code for the CRC algorithm in Hydraq :
The first thing that is unusual about this CRC algorithm is the size of the table of constants ( the incrementing values in the left pane of the assembly listing ) .
Most 16 or 32 - bit CRC algorithms use a hard - coded table of 256 constants .
The CRC algorithm used in Hydraq uses a table of only 16 constants ; basically a truncated version of the typical 256 - value table .
By decompiling the algorithm and searching the Internet for source code with similar constants , operations and a 16 - value CRC table size , I was able to locate one instance of source code that fully matched the structural code implementation in Hydraq and also produced the same output when given the same input :
This source code was created to implement a 16 - bit CRC algorithm compatible with the implementation known as " CRC - 16 XMODEM " , while requiring only a 16 - value CRC table .
It is actually a clever optimization of the standard CRC - 16 reference code that allows the CRC - 16 algorithm to be used in applications where memory is at a premium , such as hobby microcontrollers .
Because the author used the C " int " type to store the CRC value , the number of bits in the output is dependent on the platform on which the code is compiled .
In the case of Hydraq , which is a 32 - bit Windows DLL , this CRC - 16 implementation actually outputs a 32 - bit value , which makes it compatible with neither existing CRC - 16 nor CRC - 32 implementations .
Perhaps the most interesting aspect of this source code sample is that it is of Chinese origin , released as part of a Chinese - language paper on optimizing CRC algorithms for use in microcontrollers .
The full paper was published in simplified Chinese characters , and all existing references and publications of the sample source code seem to be exclusively on Chinese websites .
This CRC - 16 implementation seems to be virtually unknown outside of China , as shown by a Google search for one of the key variables , " crc_ta [ 16 ] " .
At the time of this writing , almost every page with meaningful content concerning the algorithm is Chinese :
This information strongly indicates the Aurora codebase originated with someone who is comfortable reading simplified Chinese .
Although source code itself is not restrained by any particular human language or nationality , most programmers reuse code documented in their native language .
To do otherwise is to invite bugs and other unexpected problems that might arise from misunderstanding of the source code 's purpose and implementation as given by the code comments or documentation .
In my opinion , the use of this unique CRC implementation in Hydraq is evidence that someone from within the PRC authored the Aurora codebase .
And certainly , considering the scope , choice of targets and the overwhelming boldness of the attacks ( in light of the harsh penalties we have seen handed out in communist China for other computer intrusion offenses ) , this creates speculation around whether the attacks could be state - sponsored .
We 've all heard of green roofs , but a company named Green Living Technologies even makes green walls .
Their proprietary system of panels , made from recyclable aluminum or stainless steel , can go completely vertical yet are designed to be deep enough to support grass and even vegetables , while still allowing airflow and waterflow between it and the building .
Their wall on Pittsburgh 's PNC building -- the largest green wall in North America -- supports some 15,000 " ferns , sedums , brass buttons and other plants " over its 2,400 - square - foot surface .
And while Gary Saulson , PNC's Head of Corporate Real Estate says " We really view the green wall as public art , " it 's art with benefits :
They estimate the office space behind the wall will be about 25 % cooler in the summertime .
via forecast earth
Today while perusing my Alltop page , I found a post titled :
What will be the successor of the current user profile in online networks ?
by Eric Mariacher .
In the post he stated :
My answer is : I guess LinkedIn is pioneering the “ successor of user profile ” with 3 specific features :
1. who you know – your network
2. recommendations from current and past colleagues
3. LinkedIn Q&A feature where you can advertize your skills by asking and answering question .
from what I understand this is what you call “ software usage ” .
When I read this , I needed to make a comment .
LinkedIn is pioneering the successor of the user profile ?
If that ’s what pioneering is , then what is Beat - Play ?
These three features are cool , and very useful from a professional standpoint .
They add reasons to have a profile , other than telling everyone that you ’re at the ski lodge for the week so robbers will have open access to your house .
Adding practical functionality is always good , but these uses alone are not enough .
Not only should the profile represent you professionally and personally , but imagine if your profile information was tied to the content you view online , and your web use in general .
Imagine if you accessed all of your favorite stored content through your profile .
Imagine if you only needed one profile !
The future of profiles online will lie in the browser .
It seems like a strange concept at first , but given a closer look , it just seems practical .
There ’s literally millions of websites out there , and every one pretty much does something different , and useful .
This goes back to my Toolbox post from last week .
We need a place to keep all of these great tools , and the browser is the place to do it .
Browsers like Safari , and now Chrome , are beginning to offer quicker ways to access your favorite sites , by offering a function that shows you screens shots of your favorite websites upon launch , so you can easily 1 - click and be off .
However this is only a very small way browsers can save us time .
Many websites I use require me to sign up , register , and usually create a profile .
For many people , this is a big deterrent from actually using some sites .
There have been attempts by companies to create universal profile systems such as Open ID , and many others .
However this also requires a person to create a profile , and then not all websites support these forms of identification , or they support one , but not another .
A better solution would be for the browser to house the user ’s profile information .
Think about it .
There are about 5 major browsers on the market today .
Compared with the number of websites , which is the more universal medium ?
If even the top 3 browsers had systems to store profile info , the websites would have a much easier time integrating their logins with those browsers .
Many websites already make Firefox Add-ons and widgets .
It ’s become extremely easy , especially with the open source browsers , to integrate websites into them .
Also , it would n’t be too hard to sync a user ’s Twitter , Myspace and / or Facebook profile with a profile stored on a browser – the ultimate solution !
I cannot wait for the day when I go to sign up to a new website and it asks me to agree to the terms , and then I get a little box that says “ Syncing to Browser Profile Data . ”
That would sure save me a headache , and it could be an amazing thing for websites as well .
But hey , if the big browsers wait to long , then shit , I ’ll just have to do it myself .
Browsers are for sure the future of profiles , and in my opinion , computing in general , even over OS ’s , just ask Google .
Written by : Dante Cullari Founder & President Beat - Play , LLC
British Woman Sentenced for Loud Sex Noise
A British woman in Washington , England was sentenced for eight weeks suspended over the next 12 months for excessive noise when having sex .
Caroline Cartwright was given the sentence by Judge Beatrice Bolton at Newcastle Crown Court .
The sentence means that if she engages again in noisy lovemaking over the next year , she will automatically serve the eight - week prison time .
“ I ’ve heard a very short extract of the noise you make and can well see that your neighbours would be upset and distressed by this , ” said the judge .
Neighbors , passers - by and the neighborhood letter carrier complained about the noise heard when Cartwright and her husband Steve do their marathon coupling .
The local council had setup a special equipment to record the noises which measured between 30 - 40 decibels with peak at 47 – the level of a regular conversation in the same room .
Cartwright told the court that she could not help herself , that she thinks it is normal and that it was not something she does on purpose .
This photo shows how to determine discriminative anatomical point pairings using Adaboost for 3 - D face recognition .
Credit : University of Miami
A number of U.S. states now use facial recognition technology when issuing drivers licenses .
Similar methods are also used to grant access to buildings and to verify the identities of international travelers .
Historically , obtaining accurate results with this type of technology has been a time intensive activity .
Now , a researcher from the University of Miami College of Engineering and his collaborators have developed ways to make the technology more efficient while improving accuracy .
Mohamed Abdel - Mottaleb , professor and chair in the UM Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering has developed state - of - the - art systems capable of photographing an image of someone 's face and ear and comparing it against pre-stored images of the same person , with 95 - 100 percent accuracy .
Abdel - Mottaleb presented his findings at the 2009 IEEE International Conference on Image Processing in Cairo , Egypt on Saturday , November 7 - Tuesday , November 10 .
He describes his research as " satisfying , especially when you know that what you 're doing has real - world applications that will benefit people and enhance personal security . "
The systems the researchers have designed can use 3 - D facial images , or combine 2 - D images of the face with 3 - D models of the ear , which they construct from a sequence of video frames , to identify people by unique facial features and ear shapes .
In the first method , the researchers use 3 - D facial images with over 95 percent recognition rate , in the lab setting .
Conventional shape matching methods commonly used in 3 - D face recognition are time consuming .
Abdel - Mottaleb uses a method that effectively increases computational efficiency while maintaining an acceptable recognition rate .
He reduces the number of vertices ( distinguishable landmarks of each face ) considered when matching 3 - D facial data , by automatically selecting the most discriminative facial regions .
These automatically selected landmarks were found to be primarily within the regions of the nose , eye brows , mouth , and chin .
The second method called " Multi-Modal Ear and Face Modeling and Recognition " obtains a set of facial landmarks from frontal facial images and combines this data with a 3 - D ear recognition component -- a much more difficult identification process given the technique 's sensitivity to lighting conditions .
Fusing the scores of these two modalities , the researchers achieved an identification rate of 100 percent in the lab .
" No single approach can give you 100 percent accuracy , " Abdel - Mottaleb says .
" One way to increase the accuracy is to use different biometrics and then combine them . "
These high - tech identification tools help fight crime , and enforce border security .
In the future , the researchers hope to expand their techniques to faces demonstrating facial expressions and to recognize faces using only profile images .
Source : University of Miami ( news : web )
Explore further Biometrics researchers report on facial recognition technology
As the debate on feminism in the region gathers momentum , opinions on the matter are strongly divided .
Some believe the so called Western concept of feminism has no place in the Arab world .
Yet Arab women are still fighting for an equal place in society , academics and students argue .
Dr Monica Gallant , chair of the business department at Dubai Women 's College , has been evaluating what form of feminism best fits the Arab context .
Her paper titled The Application of Feminism in the Arab World : Research Perspectives , which won an Outstanding Paper award after it was published in the Education , Business and Society : Contemporary Middle Eastern Issues journal , argues that it is possible for Arab women to create a " sustainable , emancipatory movement by gradually challenging patriarchal discourses while still maintaining a connection to key societal norms " .
Discussions on Arab feminism must consider Islamic principles and any successful feminist movement should be gradual and must take into account cultural views so as not to alienate women from their societies , Gallant said .
" Women do n't want to vary too much from what society expects from them . "
Having lived in the UAE for 14 years , her research reveals the importance placed on expectations of women in the Arab world .
This in turn affects how women view themselves .
" Arab women would n't want to see themselves as feminists because it is too Western and anti-men , " she said .
Instead she observed that Arab women work within societal expectations to gradually gain freedom of choice for themselves by working with what society expects of them .
" While being a mother and a wife she tries to be an entrepreneur or employee , " Gallant said .
" She fulfils her home duties and tries to live her dream , which is tough because she has to be a superwoman to be able to do everything . "
Social expectations
Gallant said in the Arab world the expectations of women to be wives and mothers are still very strong .
" Women ca n't voluntarily admit to not wanting to become a wife or mother , " she said , because some social expectations are still difficult for women to overcome .
To illustrate her point Gallant used the example of an unmarried woman moving out of her family 's home to live alone .
Dr Suad Zayed Al Oraim , professor of sociology at UAE University , however , argued that " if a single woman is comfortable in that role it 's up to her " .
She said individuals are responsible for creating change which then goes on to become a social phenomenon .
" Someone has to pioneer it , " she said .
Using the same example , Suad said there is no civil law or Sharia ( Islamic ) law in the UAE preventing a woman from living alone .
" These are cultural laws ; if a woman is willing to bear the consequences it 's up to her , " she said .
" [ But ]
Islam is not responsible for those consequences because it is cultural and we need to differentiate between tradition and religion . "
Feminism inappropriate
There is no place for Westernised feminism in the Arab world due to existing cultural and religious differences in societies , some academics and students said .
Arab women are fighting for an equal place in society but not under the umbrella of feminism because the term indicates a gender struggle which is primarily a Western ideal , they said .
" The ideology of feminism came from the US and Europe and you can't sell it to Arab culture , " said Suad .
" If women in the UAE and other Arab countries want to create something new for themselves , it 's up to them to do it . "
Declaring an existence
Suad attended the region 's first conference on Arab feminism in Beirut , Lebanon , last year .
She said the purpose was to establish if feminism exists in any of the 22 Arab nations .
" In the Arab world the expression is not clear because it does n't exist in the culture , " she said .
" Some countries understand Arab feminism from an Arab point of view and others from a Western one . "
Suad added : " Yet women do n't want to talk about it because it 's not clear in the minds of a majority of women in the Arab world . "
For Iraqi pharmacy student Sura Sa'ad , studying at the Ras Al Khaimah Medical and Health Sciences University , Arab women need to decide what they want .
" It is our duty as women to first declare what rights we want and second it is our responsibility to show ... these rights do n't cross our traditions or religion , " she said .
Misconceptions
" Women make up half of any society and if half of society has no rights or education then how will society ever develop ? " said Sa'ad .
She added that some women mistake feminism or liberation as a right to dress however they want and go wherever they want .
" [ Feminism ] is about respecting us and treating us equally to men so we can help in the process of development . "
Sa'ad said a major problem with many Arab governments is that " they talk about women 's rights but in reality they do n't exist " .
Similarly , Hassan Al Hassany , an architecture student at the Canadian University of Dubai , said : " It is all about male domination .
There is no Arab country in which a woman rules or leads as president or prime minister .
This gives you a good impression that Arab feminism does n't fit in the Arab world . "
Pioneering change
Sa'ad has lived in Iraq , Jordan and now in the UAE , which she says is the most respectful of women 's rights to education and work .
Yet working women in the Arab world is nothing new , Suad emphasised .
" There have been women in the workplace since the 1940s in countries such as Algeria , Egypt , Syria and Lebanon . "
However , regarding Sa'ad 's opinion about the UAE 's social justice towards women , this could be in large part due to the initiatives of Her Highness Shaikha Fatima Bint Mubarak , Wife of the late Shaikh Zayed Bin Sultan Al Nahyan and Chairwoman of the UAE General Women 's Union .
Shaikha Fatima pushed for Emirati women to excel in the development of their nation .
Yet she does not regard herself as a feminist .
She was once quoted as having said : " I see myself as being behind a great man and my role is limited to being a wife and mother to the sons of a great leader . "
Islam and feminism
Dr Wassim Ahmad , professor of Islamic Studies at Preston University Ajman , said Islam has given women equal rights to men .
" Islam has empowered women and given them rights they did not have in earlier societies , " said Ahmad .
Suad defined feminism as a movement of social , political and economic change for the justice of women in sociological terms .
To which Ahmad said : " Islam is not women versus men .
The two genders play different roles in life which are intended to complement each other . "
Suad added that Islam has already raised the status of women in society as sisters , mothers and wives .
" She is second to none , " said Ahmad .
" And if she has an inclination towards education and wants to further explore her capacities so as to contribute to any field of life , Islam gives her the freedom to do so .
Yet how much this is demonstrated and applied in different societies and countries is a different question . "
‘ Women are at the centre of Arab society '
Ameenah Taher , Executive Director of Corporate Communications at Zabeel Investments shares her views on feminism
Is there a place for feminism in the Arab world ?
Not really , feminism works for those who do n't receive the same as men .
In the UAE , we are treated pretty equally to men , and in some respects get better treatment .
Do you think women in the Arab world are oppressed ?
If women want men to treat them better , it is up to us to raise our sons to treat women the way we want to be treated and show them the partnerships men and women can enjoy .
Do you think Arab women need to be emancipated ?
We are not slaves nor restricted from voting .
We earn along similar lines to men .
We receive equal rights to education , employment and healthcare .
Anything seen as restrictive is usually self - imposed .
What do you think the role of a woman is in Arab society ?
Women are at the centre of Arab society .
We run homes and add value in education .
We are fostering a new generation of entrepreneurship and contribute financially to our own futures .
As a successful working woman and mother what drives you ?
My daughter .
I want her to look at me with pride .
When she grows up I hope she follows the career of her dreams , makes decisions for a better future and has conviction in her choices .
Do you think there is a place for feminism in the Arab world ?
Leave a comment by clicking on the ' Post a comment ' link below .
Hay una voz que emociona a los jóvenes mexicanos .
Es la de un hombre de 70 años que conoció a Octavio Paz , a Luis Cernuda , a Vicente Aleixandre , a Max Aub , a Jorge Luis Borges .
Hay un poema de 1967 que emociona a todas las generaciones de mexicanos .
Se llama Alta Traición y dice así : " No amo mi patria . / Su fulgor abstracto / es inasible .
/ Pero ( aunque suene mal ) / daría la vida / por diez lugares suyos , / cierta gente , / puertos , bosques de pinos , fortalezas , / una ciudad deshecha , gris , monstruosa , / varias figuras de su historia , montañas / -y tres o cuatro ríos " .
La voz y el poema pertenecen a José Emilio Pacheco , pero más allá de lo extenso de su obra , de la importancia de los premios recibidos , lo que inspira la vida y la obra del último premio Reina Sofía de Poesía Iberoamericana se resume en una frase que intercala en la conversación : " Es muy curioso todo " .
Y es en la manera gozosa en que lo dice , en el deseo inagotable de aprender y en su forma de transmitir lo que sabe , siempre como un regalo , nunca como una lección , donde está el alma de José Emilio Pacheco , su conexión tan íntima con lo mejor de México .
- Qué casa más bonita .
- La queremos mucho .
La cita es a las nueve de la mañana , en su casa , para desayunar .
José Emilio Pacheco estrecha la mano del periodista y en ese momento , fin del verano , ciudad de México , colonia de La Condesa , dos temores se sientan frente a frente .
El del poeta a las entrevistas .
El del periodista ante un sabio que odia las entrevistas .
Después de un primer café de tanteo , y ante las primeras preguntas , José Emilio Pacheco decide confesar : " ¿ Ves ? , encendiste la grabadora y enmudecí .
Hay gente que tiene el talento para hacer entrevistas , pero yo carezco absolutamente de ese talento .
Después de cada entrevista , me quedo pensando : ¿por qué no le dije esto ...?
Debería haberle dicho aquello otro ...
Ten en cuenta que yo estoy acostumbrado a escribir , a ver lo que pienso .
Y si no veo lo que estoy diciendo , ¿ cómo puedo pensar ? " .
Confesión por confesión , el reportero le cuenta que hasta la noche anterior no le llegó por correo electrónico su último libro , La edad de las tinieblas , que en España publica Visor .
Y que fue abrir el archivo , empezar a leer los 50 poemas en prosa y sentir ternura con Bolotó , " el terror de las hormigas " , miedo ante la mirada del insecto , " en la noche del insecto hay un minuto en que se pregunta a qué sabrá sentirse humano " , nostalgia de aquella lejana tarde con aquella mujer , " nos llevamos tan bien que sin decirlo preferimos no volver a vernos ... " .
Al apagar el ordenador , ya alta la madrugada , el periodista había desaparecido y se había convertido en uno más de sus rendidos admiradores .
Cuando José Emilio Pacheco acude a alguna celebración literaria en México , los organizadores saben que habrá lleno absoluto , y que sus lectores no se conformarán con la delicia de escucharlo hablar , sino que querrán saludar al autor de Las batallas en el desierto , que se retrate con ellos , que les dedique un libro ...
Cuando se pregunta aquí y allá por José Emilio Pacheco , las respuestas coinciden : " ¿Lo vas a entrevistar ?
¡ Qué suerte !
Es una persona encantadora , un sabio como los de antes .
Eso sí - bajan la voz- , ten en cuenta que José Emilio Pacheco odia las entrevistas " .
Pacheco se disculpa : " La paradoja es que a mí me gusta mucho leer las entrevistas , pero hay veces que me preguntan : ¿y usted qué intentó reflejar con este poema ...?
Ah , pues yo , no sé qué responder ...
Prefiero que hablemos tranquilamente y luego tú escribes lo que creas más conveniente .
¿ Te he ofrecido ya café ?
¿ Qué poema me decías que te había gustado ? " .
Sin duda , uno de los poemas más sobrecogedores es precisamente el que da título al libro , ' La edad de las tinieblas ' .
En uno de los párrafos , José Emilio Pacheco describe así un quinqué : " Me intriga pensar en lo que han dicho mis padres : en el petróleo de la lámpara flotan reducidos a esencia bosques y dinosaurios de la prehistoria .
Millones de años se han necesitado para humedecer la lengüeta de jerga que convertida en mecha soporta la llama .
Una campana de cristal la protege y le permite iluminarnos .
En el quinqué se consumen los restos fósiles de una vida improbable .
La noche huele a luz carbonizada " .
PREGUNTA .
¿ Qué se siente cuando uno escribe una frase redonda , una frase definitiva como ésa ?
" La noche huele a luz carbonizada ... " .
RESPUESTA .
Uno se siente muy satisfecho , sí , eso sí .
P. ¿Y cuando se percata de que un libro suyo publicado en 1981 -
Las batallas en el desierto-
tiene aún tanta vigencia que sigue siendo traducido , admirado por lectores de 16 años ...?
R. Una gran satisfacción , sí , pero también alguna forma de humildad .
Uno no tiene la intención de provocar ese efecto , es algo que tiene el texto .
Porque uno siempre quisiera escribir bien y que las cosas salieran .
Pero no salen ...
P. ¿ Es muy exigente ?
R. Sí , guardo o destruyo mucho .
P. ¿Y cuándo sabe si un texto es bueno o malo ?
R. Eso me costaría mucho decirlo .
Tal vez uno sí tiene la intuición de lo que está bien .
El problema es que es una intuición provisional , porque después de que sale el libro sigo corrigiendo ...
Soy un horror para los editores .
P. A propósito de los versos , usted cuenta en La edad de las tinieblas :
" Los veo formarse indefensos y salir en busca de alguien que los resguarde .
La inmensa mayoría les da la espalda .
Cuando ellos se acercan las personas desvían la mirada y hacen como si los versos no existieran " .
¿ Cuándo decide que sus poemas están listos para subir al metro y vencer " la hostilidad , el desprecio o cuando menos la indiferencia de los pasajeros " ?
R. No hay ninguna regla .
Podemos ver poema por poema , y te diré : " Mira , éste me costó un trabajo infinito , un trabajo de años " .
Y otros , en cambio , salen prácticamente de primera intención .
Es muy extraño ...
P. ¿Y ni siquiera la experiencia sirve ?
R. Para nada , al contrario .
Con 20 años piensas que tal vez un día llegues a escribir con una facilidad , con una certeza y un conocimiento ... Y no , nunca .
Siempre es por primera vez , siempre .
Y , además , la mayoría de las cosas salen muy mal .
La mayoría de los textos que haces son malísimos , para que uno te salga bien necesitas hacer 50 muy malos .
P. Tan malos no serán ...
R. Sí , sí.
Mayans , un neoclásico del siglo XVIII , decía : " En la poesía , lo que no es excelente es despreciable " .
Y tenía razón .
P. O sea , que hay pocas cosas más espantosas que un poeta malo ...
R. Sí , sí , y además hay otra cosa : ya nadie admite la crítica .
Eso se acabó con los cafés .
Hay que acostumbrarse de nuevo a que la gente no esté de acuerdo en todo contigo , que no te diga que todo lo que escribes está bien .
Porque si yo ahora le digo a alguien : oye , no me gustó ...
No lo acepta .
Eso es impensable ahora .
P. ¿ Cómo agrupa los poemas ?
R. Se van haciendo y de repente digo : aquí hay un libro , pero nunca me he propuesto escribir un libro de poesía .
Ésa es una cosa muy singular que tenía Pablo Neruda .
Que Pablo Neruda decía : voy a hacer un libro .
Y entonces lo hacía .
No iba reuniendo poemas .
Por ejemplo , yo digo que Rubén Darío es un poeta de poemas , no de libros de poemas .
Rubén Darío hace poemas , nunca piensa en el libro , y Neruda sí .
P. Por cierto , ¿es verdad que usted no quiso conocer a Pablo Neruda ?
R. Sí , porque yo qué le iba a decir a Neruda , prefería leerlo .
Me dijeron : esta noche va a estar aquí Neruda ( supongo que rodeado de otras 800 personas ) .
Y qué le iba a decir yo : buenas noches , señor Neruda , me gustan muchos sus poemas ...
P. Neruda , Cernuda , Aleixandre ...
Los conoció a todos ...
R. Los conocí a todos por cuestiones de edad .
Sobre todo a la gente de los sesenta .
La influencia de la literatura española en México fue muy grande .
Hay que tener en cuenta que el exilio fue una catástrofe humana , pero a la vez una bendición cultural y de intercambio .
Yo nazco en el 1939 , y por tanto toda mi vida pasa al lado del exilio .
Hay dos escritores que tuvieron mucha importancia en México : Max Aub y Vicente Aleixandre ...
Vicente Aleixandre escribía una carta a cualquier poeta hispanoamericano que le mandara un libro .
Recibí muchas cartas de Aleixandre , pero cuando estuve en Madrid en 1968 no me atreví a ir a Velintonia .
Jamás lo vi en persona .
Y los libros españoles llegaban a casa de Max y uno podía leerlos .
Él fue realmente un vínculo muy importante .
Me da mucho gusto que ahora se le esté haciendo justicia a Max .
P. Hasta no hace mucho era prácticamente un desconocido en España .
R. Sí , y aquí también .
Es lo que suele pasar con una obra tan vasta y tan variada .
De hecho , él tiene una frase muy buena : el hombre orquesta nunca alcanzará la notoriedad del solista .
P. Da la impresión a veces de que antes , en los tiempos de las cartas y los barcos , había más contacto entre las dos orillas que ahora , con el correo electrónico y el avión ... , que ahora hay más distancia .
R. Sí , pero es precisamente por lo contrario .
Porque hoy todo está más a la mano .
¿ Cuántas veces voy yo al castillo de Chapultepec o al Museo de Antropología ?
¡ Nunca !
Porque me quedan a unos minutos de mi casa .
Si en vez de vivir aquí viniese a México de visita , estaría allí ahora mismo .
Es lo que pasa también con Internet .
A José Emilio Pacheco le apasiona la riqueza del español .
Se puede pasar horas hablando -y disfrutando - de las distintas maneras que tiene nuestro idioma de nombrar la misma cosa .
" Yo creo que hay que respetar .
¿ Por qué la gente de Santiago de Chile o de Tegucigalpa va a hablar como yo ?
No tiene ninguna razón .
El castellano es de Castilla , pero en México hablamos español porque está hecho de todas las Españas .
Camilo José Cela y Francisco Umbral o Miguel Delibes escriben en castellano , pero yo no puedo escribir en castellano .
Yo escribo en español " .
P. ¿Y se puede traducir del uno al otro ?
R. Claro , no seamos demasiado puristas en esto .
El traductor debe traducir para su comunidad lingüística inmediata .
Sólo hay que fijarse en el teatro .
Las obras de teatro se adaptan hasta por regiones .
Hay muchas palabras que se utilizan en la Ciudad de México que no se dicen en Monterrey o en Mérida .
Y se tienen que adaptar .
Por ejemplo , cosas tan elementales como la resbaladilla ...
¿ Cómo se dice en España ?
P. El tobogán .
R. Pues en Nuevo León es el resbaladero .
Había cuando era niño un artículo del Reader 's Digest que se titulaba ' El inglés que usted no sabe que sabe ' , por todas las palabras similares , los falsos amigos o cuñados ...
Yo quiero escribir un libro que se llame El español que usted no sabe que sabe ...
Y sobre eso hay una anécdota que viene a colación : " Vas a ver .
Vino Borges , en 1973 , nunca había venido .
Era muy antimexicano Borges , y le dieron el Premio Alfonso Reyes .
Regresa a Buenos Aires , lo entrevistan en La Nación y le preguntan cómo fue su viaje .
Ah , maravilloso , respondió , estupendo , me trataron tan bien ... ¿ Y qué fue lo que le gustó ?
Todo , las pirámides de Teotihuacán ...
Pero más que nada , yo pensé que a los 74 años yo hablaba castellano , y aprendí un verbo mexicano que me encanta , y que ahora uso todo el tiempo , que es platicar .
Entonces , la próxima vez que vi a Borges , le dije : es inconcebible , porque quién sabe qué pasó en el mundo hispánico que hacia 1930 desapareció de todas partes excepto de México platicar .
Y le añadí : platicar está en toda la literatura medieval , está en toda la literatura del Siglo de Oro , del siglo XVIII , del siglo XIX y está en sus libros ...
Y él me decía , no , es que platicar es conversar .
Y yo le respondía que no .
En este momento tú y yo estamos platicando , si estuviéramos ante la televisión estaríamos conversando .
Platicar es una cosa privada .
En España es charlar .
Pero a mí , para mi habla de la Ciudad de México , charlar es un cultismo de platicar .
O poniendo como ejemplo otra palabra : en Guanajuato , aguardar es lo normal y lo culto es esperar , para mí no .
Para mí suena más raro estoy aguardando .
Fíjate , en el mismo país , ¿ no te parece maravilloso ? " .
P . Yo soy de Sevilla y allí se utiliza mucho convidar en vez de invitar , y en el resto de España no tanto ...
R. Ah , convidar es muy de México .
Te puedo convidar a un café ... O , mira , la primera vez que yo llegué a Bogotá , me dijeron : ¿no le provoca un tintico ?
Y yo le respondí , no , no bebo antes del almuerzo ... Y resulta que un tinto es un café ...
Pero , además , aquí provocar se perdió .
En el habla de mi infancia , provocar es tener ganas de vomitar .
Qué curioso es todo .
¿ Tú entonces crees que el andaluz es el origen del habla de América ...?
P. A tanto no soy capaz de llegar , pero sí es verdad que en México se encuentran en perfecto estado de salud palabras que en España ya están muertas y que en Andalucía sólo están moribundas ...
R. Pues a mí me han dicho ingleses que la misma impresión tienen en Estados Unidos .
Por ejemplo , a ti qué te sale más natural , ¿estrecho o angosto ...?
Sobre la mesa hay una foto que acaba de cumplir 50 años .
En ella están , sentados en el suelo y en animada conversación , José Emilio Pacheco , Sergio Pitol y Carlos Monsiváis .
Los tres escritores , los tres mexicanos , los tres supervivientes de una época que ya sólo queda en la memoria .
Dice José Emilio Pacheco : " Antes de la inseguridad , esta ciudad era muy agradable .
Por eso se vino a vivir aquí García Márquez , tanta gente .
Yo conocía a los cineastas , a los pintores ...
Ahora no conozco ni a los escritores .
Entonces se podía vivir en la calle .
Yo acompañaba a Monsiváis a su casa y de regreso él me acompañaba a mí " .
Hay en La edad de las tinieblas un poema en prosa , titulado ' A la extranjera ' , en el que Pacheco llora a México perdido : " A usted le duele esta ciudad que también ha hecho suya y lamenta ver cómo la hemos destruido y la seguimos arrasando .
No entiendo sus razones para amar un sitio desesperante y sin esperanza .
O tal vez existe la esperanza porque usted se encuentra aquí una vez más y llena de luz otra estación sombría .
Nací en un lugar que se llamaba como éste y ocupaba su espacio .
Ahora también en mi suelo natal soy extranjero en tierra extraña .
Ya no conozco a nadie ni reconozco nada .
Usted , en cambio , no es extranjera en ningún lado .
Usted es de todas partes como la música .
Por favor , no se vaya .
No se lleve al partir un fragmento de luz entre el desierto pardo y la barbarie que por codicia y estupidez hemos engendrado " .
Han pasado dos horas .
José Emilio Pacheco sale a la puerta de su casa a despedir al invitado .
Unas muchachas que pasan por la acera de enfrente lo reconocen y sonríen .
A finales de noviembre , en la Feria Internacional del Libro de Guadalajara , mil jóvenes se reunirán con Pacheco para celebrar su 70 º aniversario .
Porque su poesía " es de todas partes como la música " .
Porque en México aún se ama a los poetas más que a los futbolistas .
Porque aquí " tal vez existe la esperanza " .
También recibirá un homenaje en la Feria Internacional del Libro de Guadalajara ( México ) , que se celebrará del 28 de noviembre al 6 de diciembre ( www.fil.com.mx/).
What Is Antisocial Personality Disorder ?
Antisocial personality disorder ( ASPD ) is a condition characterized by a lack of empathy and regard for other people .
People who have antisocial personality disorder have little or no regard for right or wrong .
They antagonize and often act insensitively or in an unfeeling manner .
Individuals with this disorder may lie , engage in aggressive or violent behavior , and participate in criminal activity .
Symptoms
People with antisocial personality disorder :
May begin displaying symptoms during childhood ; such behaviors may include fire setting , cruelty to animals , and difficulty with authority
Often have legal problems resulting from failures to conform to social norms and a lack of concern for the rights of others
Often act out impulsively and fail to consider the consequences of their actions
Display aggressiveness and irritability that often lead to physical assaults
Have difficulty feeling empathy for others
Display a lack of remorse for damaging behavior
Often have poor or abusive relationships with others and are more likely to abuse or neglect their children
Frequently lie and deceive others for personal gain
These characteristics often lead to major difficulties in many life areas .
At its core , the inability to consider the thoughts , feelings , and motivations of other people can lead to harmful disregard for others .
As adults , the disorder can be destructive to both the person living with it and those who come into contact with them .
People with antisocial personality disorder are more likely to engage in risk - taking behaviors , dangerous activities , and criminal acts .﻿﻿
Those with the disorder are often described as having no conscience and feel no regret or remorse for their harmful actions .
Diagnosis
Symptoms of antisocial personality disorder often begin during childhood although the condition is often not diagnosed until later in life .
As children , it is common for those who develop this disorder to experience violent bursts of anger , show cruelty towards animals , and be described as bullies by their peers .
While the condition may begin in childhood , it cannot be officially diagnosed before the age of 18 .
Kids who display these symptoms are diagnosed with conduct disorder .
In order to be diagnosed with ASPD , a person must display a disregard and violation of the rights of others before the age of 15 .
This disregard is indicated by displaying at least one of seven symptoms :
Disregard for the safety of the self and others
Failure to obey laws
Impulsive behavior
Irritability and aggression
Lack of remorse for actions
Lying or manipulating others for profit or amusement
Pattern of irresponsibility
In addition to displaying at least one of these symptoms , the person must be at least 18 years old and not display antisocial behavior as a result of another condition such as bipolar disorder to schizophrenia .
According to some critics , the DSM diagnostic criteria are too focused on behaviors related to criminal actions .﻿﻿
Concerns have been raised that the diagnosis may at times be misapplied to individuals in low socioeconomic or urban settings in which seemingly antisocial behavior may be a part of a protective survival strategy .
﻿﻿
Because of this , it is possible that the prevalence of this disorder has been overstated .
According to the DSM-V , 0.2 % to 3.3 % of U.S. adults have antisocial personality disorder and the condition tends to affect men more than women .﻿﻿
Causes
The exact causes of antisocial personality disorder are not known .﻿﻿
Personality is shaped by a variety of forces including nature and nurture .
Genetics
ASPD is more common among the first - degree biological relatives of those with the disorder than in the general population .
Research suggests that ASPD is likely strongly linked to inheritance and that environmental influences probably exacerbate its development .﻿﻿
Upbringing
Upbringing can also have an important influence .
Childhood abuse , neglect , and trauma have also been linked to the onset of ASPD .﻿﻿
If a child 's parents are abusive and dysfunctional , children may learn such behavioral patterns and later display them with their own kids .
Kids who grow up in disorganized and neglectful homes also lack the opportunities to develop a strong sense of discipline , self - control , and empathy for others .
Brain Differences
A number of factors have been found to increase the risk of the disorder including smoking during pregnancy and abnormal brain function .
Research suggests that people with ASPD have differences in the frontal lobe , the area of the brain that plays a role in planning and judgment .﻿﻿
People with the disorder also tend to require greater stimulation and may seek out dangerous or even illegal activities to raise their arousal to an optimal level .
Treatments
Antisocial personality disorder is difficult to treat for a number of reasons .
People with the disorder rarely seek out treatment on their own .
Those who do generally receive treatment only after some type of altercation with the legal system .
While people with ASPD often come into contact with the criminal justice system , research suggests that incarceration and other punitive measures are largely ineffective since people with the condition are usually unresponsive to punishment .﻿﻿
Psychotherapy
Cognitive behavioral therapy ( CBT ) can be useful in helping individuals gain insight into their behaviors and to change maladaptive thought patterns .﻿﻿
Effective results usually occur only after long - term treatment .
Group and family therapy as well as mentalization - based therapy , which targets the ability to recognize and understand the mental state of oneself and others , have also been studied for ASPD and show promise .﻿﻿
Medication
Medications may be used to treat some of the symptoms that a person with ASPDl may experience .
Some of the medications that may be prescribed include :
Anti-anxiety medications
Antidepressants
Antipsychotics
Mood stabilizers
The 9 Best Online Therapy Programs
We 've tried , tested and written unbiased reviews of the best online therapy programs including Talkspace , Betterhelp , and Regain .
Coping
Antisocial personality disorder often has a significant impact on a person 's ability to function , which can make it difficult to cope with many aspects of life .
According to the DSM - 5 , the condition can result in incarceration , injury , or death due to harmful or criminal actions .
﻿ ﻿
﻿ It affects an individual 's ability to work and maintain relationships .
The disorder also has the potential to cause harm to friends , family members , co-workers , and strangers who may be harmed by the person 's actions .
Most people with ASPD do not seek help on their own and intervention likely only happens due to legal problems .
Research suggests that those who have the best outlook are those who have stronger social support and better spousal and family ties .﻿﻿
If you have a loved one who has ASPD , you may find it helpful to talk to a mental health professional .
They can help you learn coping skills that will help you set boundaries to protect yourself from harm .
Group therapy and support groups may also be helpful resources of support and information .
United Nations human rights investigators have concluded that the British government has been complicit in the mistreatment and possible torture of several of its own citizens during the " war on terror " .
In a report published today that will make difficult reading for ministers who repeatedly denied the UK 's involvement in torture , UN officials have indicated that there is clear evidence of the UK 's role in the secret detention overseas of several British Muslims .
The officials say that such secret imprisonment – or " proxy detentions " – not only facilitates torture , but may amount to torture in its own right .
In one starkly worded passage , they warn that if a state 's use of proxy detention had been systematic or widespread it would amount to a " crime against humanity " .
The 226 - page UN report follows the publication two months ago of a dossier entitled Cruel Britannia , from the New York - based NGO Human Rights Watch , whose researchers interviewed several Pakistani intelligence agents who alleged that they had tortured British terrorism suspects on behalf of their UK counterparts .
It also follows a series of disclosures in the Guardian about the role played by officers of MI5 , MI6 and Greater Manchester police in the detention and questioning under torture of terrorism suspects held in Pakistan and elsewhere .
The UN investigation into torture and rendition across the globe since 9/11 lasted several years and was led by Martin Scheinin , UN special rapporteur on terrorism and human rights , and Manfred Nowak , special rapporteur on torture .
In a move that will do little to ease the discomfort of western governments that were the focus of the investigation , the two men and their aides were assisted by members of a UN working party on secret detentions that was first set up in 1979 to investigate the fate of people who were " disappeared " by the Pinochet regime in Chile .
Their report concludes that secret detention " amounts to a case of enforced disappearance " and that it is " a manifold human rights violation that cannot be justified under any circumstances , including during states of emergency " .
Listing those cases in which they conclude that a state has been complicit in a secret detention , the authors highlight " the United Kingdom in the cases of several individuals , including Binyam Mohamed , Salahuddin Amin , Zeeshan Siddiqui , Rangzieb Ahmed and Rashid Rauf " .
Ahmed , 34 , from Rochdale , Greater Manchester , was detained in Pakistan in 2006 .
MPs have heard that after evidence of his terrorist offences had been gathered he was allowed to fly from Manchester to Islamabad , and that MI6 then suggested to a notorious Pakistani intelligence agency that its officers should detain him as he was a dangerous terrorist .
After MI5 and Greater Manchester police drew up a list of questions to be put to Ahmed , the Pakistani agents who were questioning him ripped out a number of his fingernails .
Ahmed alleges he was also beaten , whipped and deprived of sleep .
He was later deported to the UK , tried and convicted of terrorism offences and is now serving a life sentence at Full Sutton prison near York .
Salahuddin Amin , 35 , from Luton , Bedfordshire , was deported to the UK in February 2005 after spending 10 months in the custody of Pakistan 's Inter - Services Intelligence Directorate ( ISI ) .
The UK courts have heard that he was questioned 11 times by MI5 officers , and Amin says he was tortured before each session .
Human Rights
Watch says it has spoken to Pakistani intelligence officers who broadly corroborate his account .
Amin was also tried and convicted and is serving a life sentence at Whitemoor prison in Cambridgeshire .
The British government is attempting to block the disclosure of classified US documents about Binyam Mohamed , leading to speculation that they contain evidence that senior figures in Tony Blair 's administration had some knowledge of Mohamed 's torture in Pakistan in 2002 .
The whereabouts of Rauf and Siddiqui are unknown .
Scotland Yard detectives are investigating MI5's role in the mistreatment of Mohamed and one other unnamed individual .
The UN report contains warnings that inquiries into these two cases may not be sufficient to meet the UK 's obligations under international law , however , saying that the British government and other states would face claims of responsibility " when the state received claims that someone had been subjected to torture or other ill - treatment , or an enforced disappearance , or otherwise received information suggesting that such acts may have taken place but failed to have the claims impartially investigated " .
The UN report adds : " According to the European court , authorities must always make a serious attempt to find out what happened and should not rely on hasty or ill - founded conclusions to close their investigation or as the basis of their decisions . "
The report details the role of many other governments in the kidnapping and secret detention of terrorism suspects .
Among those highlighted alongside the UK are the US , Algeria , China , Iran , Sudan and Zimbabwe .
The Foreign Office described the report as " unsubstantiated and irresponsible " and maintained that the authors had not substantiated their claims during meetings with FO officials .
" As far as allegations against the UK are concerned , the report contains no new information and repeats unproven allegations as if they were fact .
The UK 's position on secret detention is clear : we oppose any deprivation of liberty that amounts to placing individuals beyond the protection of the law . "
Despite the FO 's assertion that there is no evidence to support the UN 's allegations , the attorney general has asked Scotland Yard detectives to investigate a number of cases .
A spokeswoman for Reprieve , the legal charity that represents Binyam Mohamed , said : " The findings make uncomfortable reading for states like the UK who – despite their public condemnation of such practices – are revealed as complicit in war crimes like kidnap , secret detention , and torture .
" Worryingly , the report indicates that the UK intelligence services lack the oversight that would prevent crimes like complicity in torture from recurring in the future . "
Ah sorry guys , I got so wrapped up with New Year ’s and getting to MAGFest that I did n’t post any updates yesterday .
Perhaps this amazing God of War / Disgaea crossover by Trunks will make up for it ?
Posted by Shawn Handyside on January 2 , 2010 · 9:44 AM
Third , they continue , the population in Afghanistan is too dispersed for COIN to work properly .
There would be a few bubbles of security , where allied troops are massed , but then vast sanctuaries for the insurgents .
Fourth , COIN is too Afghan - centric and not enough Pakistan - centric .
The real threats to U.S. interests are along the Afghan - Pakistani border or involve the destabilization of the Pakistani government .
The COIN approach does little to directly address that .
The administration seems to have spent the past few months trying to pare back the COIN strategy and adjust it to real world constraints .
As it has done so , there has been less talk in the informed policy community about paving the way for a new , transformed Afghanistan .
There has been more talk of finding cheap ways to arrange the current pieces of Afghanistan into a contraption that will stay together and allow us to go home .
What ’s emerging appears to be something less than a comprehensive COIN strategy but more than a mere counter - terrorism strategy  shooting at terrorists with drones .
It is a hybrid approach , and as we watch the president ’s speech Tuesday night , we ’ll all get to judge whether he has cut and pasted the different options into a coherent whole .
It ’s not the troop levels that matter .
What matters is how this war will be fought .
Some very smart people say that the administration ’s direction is already fatally flawed .
There is no such thing as effective COIN - lite , they argue .
All the pieces of a comprehensive strategy have to be done patiently and together because success depends on the way they magnify one another .
These experts may be right .
But none of us get to have our first choice on this matter .
President Obama faces such a devilishly complex set of constraints that the policy he announces will be partially unsatisfying to every American and to every member of his administration .
The fights inside have been so brutal that there have been accusations that the Defense and State Departments have withheld documents from the president to bias his thinking .
Nonetheless , my impression , pre-speech , is that Obama has negotiated these constraints in a serious manner , and improved some of his options  for example , by accelerating troop deployments .
He has not been enthusiastic about expanding the U.S. role in Afghanistan , but he has not evaded his responsibility as commander in chief , and he ’s taking brave political risks .
It may not be the complete COIN strategy , which offers the best chance of success .
But it may be the best strategy under the circumstances .
THE EFFECTS OF READING FROM THE WRONG SCRIPT ….
After the failed Christmas terrorist plot , Republicans and conservative detractors of the administration worked quickly to characterize the unsuccessful attack as a “ success ” — a word both Brit Hume and Bill Kristol used soon after the decidedly unsuccessful incident .
The point , of course , was to try to further undermine the administration .
Adam Serwer noted this morning that the rhetoric has , not surprisingly , bolstered terrorist propaganda .
Alleged underwear bomber Umar Abdulmutallab did n’t hurt anyone but himself , and he was quickly subdued by unarmed civilian passengers .
But the Republican reaction — hyping the failed bombing as a victory — was so successful that Osama bin Laden claimed the failed operation in a recent videotaped message .
Marc Lynch added :
Osama bin Laden has released a new tape to al - Jazeera claiming responsibility for the attempted Christmas Day bombing , linking it to Gaza and declaring that America would not be secure until Palestinians were truly secure .
Bin Laden ’s ability to frame an entire tape around a failed bombing attempt demonstrates how badly the American public ’s over - reaction played into al - Qaeda ’s hands .
It should not be surprising that bin Laden would claim responsibility on behalf of al - Qaeda Central or threaten new attacks , whether or not it ’s actually true .
[ emphasis added ]
The point is n’t to characterize the Cheneys and other GOP attack dogs as terrorist sympathizers ; it ’s to note that , in their zeal to weaken Obama ’s presidency , they ’re inadvertently giving U.S. enemies exactly what they ’re looking for .
As the Atlanta Journal - Constitution ’s Jay Bookman recently explained , “ Cheney , Kristol and a lot of top Republicans in Washington are acting as unpaid PR agents for al Qaida , trying to turn even its failures into successes . ”
Wiki :
To flash Asus RT - N16 and RT - N12 with this build
To load it on Netgear WNR3500L and Linksys routers
DO NOT FORGET TO DO THOROUGH NVRAM RESET AFTER LOADING THIS FIRMWARE !
Linux Kernel 2.6.22.19 .
Support for wireless - N mode ( no simultaneous dual - band yet ) .
Broadcom wireless driver 5.10.56.46 .
SIP conntrack module .
Samba 3 .
MiniDLNA Media Server ( in Extras / VPN builds , starting from beta 14 ) .
do not load it unless you know how to unbrick your router !
documentation / wiki
full IP v6 support with GUI
NFS server and client
support for multiple wireless interfaces ( that should include both - virtual and physical - interfaces , i.e. multiple SSIDs as well as simultaneous dual - band if it 's supported by the hardware )
support for USB modems with GUI ( currently all the software and modules needed for USB modems are included , but you have to configure and start it manually )
integrate USB / IP or any other USB over IP sharing software
multi-wan
torrent client integration with GUI ( and possibly backport of fuse writable mmap support if rtorrent is chosen )
some kind of IP / MAC bandwidth quoting / shaping
OpenSWAN / IPSec or new implementation of pptpd integration with GUI
ability to load a firmware image from the USB drive
...... etc .......
For those who have been waiting ... Please read carefully the 1st post of Tomato USB
Mod thread ( and the posts linked from it ) before asking any questions regarding functionality and features - your questions might be already answered there .
The kernel 2.6 - based firmware images can be downloaded from here .
Please find the list of supported models here , and choose an appropriate build for your router depending on the CPU ( MIPSR1 or MIPSR2 ) .
If you try to load this firmware ( at your own risk ) on any other router , please report whether it worked or not .
Tomato USB guides and documentation are maintained in a Wiki format .
If anyone would like to contribute to the Wiki , please feel free to do so - your help is needed !
Go to Tomato USB web site , and click on " Help us ! " link .
After registration , you will be able to create and edit Wiki pages . , use Asus Firmware Restoration Utility ( worked like a charm for me many times before I was able to produce a bootable firmware image ) , or load DD - WRT first , and then flash Tomato from DD - WRT Web UI following this step - by - step guide byand , you 'll have to flash DD - WRT first , and then upgrade to Tomato .
This firmware is based on the Tomato USB mod , includes all features and fixes of that mod , and in addition to that :
This is a beta version , so please treat is as such .
Use it at your own risk , and if your router is not in the list above , This version still definitely has bugs , so bug reports and any feedback are welcome .
My RT - N16 runs with this firmware as my main home router now - but I only thoroughly tested functionality that I use myself - the rest is either a very little tested , or not tested at all ( for example , I have DHCP WAN connection , so any other connection types are not tested ) .
However , please try to keep general USB mod discussions and questions in the main USB mod thread , and only post bug reports and feedback here if it 's specific ( or at least you think it is ) to this particular version .
The complete source code of this firmware is available from the git repository - " tomato - RT " branch .
What 's ahead ?
Of course , bug fixes first !
When this version is stable , I 'll also consider adding support for some other router models , and implementing various enhancements .
The list I can think of is too big , and the time I have to work on it is very limited - so I 'll probably will prioritize it based on the feedback received ( and of course , my personal preferences as well ) .
But here are some things from the ( in random order ) :
If you enjoy this mod , and would like to thank me for all the time I spent working on it , you can make a PayPal donation :
Concerned aid workers in Haiti today called for more security amid fears of attacks by increasingly desperate earthquake survivors .
Tens of thousands are feared dead from Tuesday 's massive quake in the Caribbean island nation .
The Pan American Health Organisation estimated the death toll could be 50,000 to 100,000 .
US president Barack Obama said the earthquake had inflicted " heartbreaking " losses and pledged America would do what it takes to save lives and get the country back on its feet .
" The scale of the devastation is extraordinary ... and the losses are heartbreaking , " Mr Obama said at the White House .
UN secretary general Ban Ki-moon said he planned to go to Haiti " very soon " .
UN peacekeepers patrolling the capital Port - au - Prince said there was a growing feeling among people that aid was not being distributed quickly enough .
And the Brazilian military warned aid convoys to guard against looting .
“ Unfortunately , they ’re slowly getting more angry and impatient , ” said a spokesman for the Brazilian - commanded UN peacekeeping mission .
“ I fear , we ’re all aware that the situation is getting more tense as the poorest people who need so much are waiting for deliveries .
I think tempers might be frayed . ”
The UN World Food Programme said its warehouses in the capital had been looted and it did not know how much of its pre-quake stockpile of 15,000 tons of food aid remained .
A spokeswoman added that regular food stores in the city also had been emptied by looters .
She said the WFP was preparing shipments of enough ready - to - eat meals to feed two million Haitians for a month .
The International Red Cross estimated 45,000 to 50,000 people were killed in the quake on Tuesday .
About three million people , one third of Haiti 's population , were hurt or left homeless by the major 7.0 magnitude quake that hit its impoverished capital on Tuesday .
At least 10 per cent of housing in the capital was destroyed , but in some areas half of all buildings were destroyed or badly damaged , according to a preliminary assessment by UN disaster experts .
Hundreds of bodies are stacked outside the city morgue , and limbs of the dead protruded from the rubble of crushed schools and homes .
A few workers were able to free people who had been trapped for days , but others attended to the grim task of using bulldozers to transport loads of bodies .
For the long - suffering people of Haiti , the Western Hemisphere ’s poorest nation , shock was giving way to despair .
Desperate Haitians blocked streets with corpses in one part of Port - au - Prince to demand quicker relief efforts following the quake .
“ We need food .
The people are suffering .
My neighbours and friends are suffering , ” said one man .
“ We do n’t have money .
We do n’t have nothing to eat .
We need pure water . ”
Some 20 governments from Europe , Asia and the Americas , the UN and private aid groups were sending planeloads of high - energy biscuits and other food , tons of water , tents , blankets , water - purification gear , heavy equipment for removing debris , helicopters and other transport .
Hundreds of search - and - rescue , medical and other specialists also headed to Haiti .
Governments and government agencies have pledged about $ 400 million of aid .
A UN spokeswoman said UN aid agencies will launch an emergency appeal for approximately $ 550 million in New York today .
US president Barack Obama pledged an initial $ 100 million ( €69 million ) for Haiti quake relief yesterday and enlisted former US presidents Bill Clinton and George W Bush to help raise more , vowing to the Haitian people : " You will not be forsaken . "
The US military aimed to have about 1,000 troops on the ground in Haiti today , and thousands more in ships off shore .
The total will reach 9,000 - 10,000 troops by Monday .
The Irish government said this evening it would ship 85 tonnes of emergency supplies .
The Cuban government has agreed to let the US military use restricted Cuban air space for medical evacuation flights carrying Haitian earthquake victims , sharply reducing the flight time to Miami .
White House spokesman Tommy Vietor said a deal had been reached allowing evacuation flights from the US Naval Station in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , to pass over the island on the way to Florida .
The deal would shorten the flight time by 90 minutes on trips that normally are routed around Cuba .
But into the third day following the quake , the global helping hand was slowed by a damaged sea port and an airport that turned away civilian aid planes for eight hours yesterday because of a lack of space and fuel .
Aid workers have been blocked by debris on inadequate roads and by survivors gathered in the open out of fear of aftershocks and re-entering unstable buildings .
Many hospitals were too battered to use , and doctors struggled to treat crushed limbs , head wounds and broken bones at makeshift facilities where medical supplies were scarce .
Makeshift tents were strung everywhere .
Across the sprawling , hilly city , people milled about in open areas , hoping for help , sometimes setting up camps amid piles of salvaged goods , including food scavenged from the rubble .
Police have all but vanished from the streets , and although some Brazilian UN peacekeepers were patrolling , there were reports of sporadic scavenging and some looting .
Some looting broke out in downtown Port - au - Prince today and shots were fired , a witness said .
" I heard the shots and got out of there .
The police told us it was too dangerous to stay .
People were looting and a body was being burned , " said a foreign photographer , who asked not to be identified .
At one destroyed supermarket scores of people swarmed over the rubble to try to reach the food underneath .
Just outside Cite Soleil slum , desperate people crowded around a burst water pipe jostling to drink from the pipe or fill up buckets .
Some survivors , angry over the delay in getting aid , built roadblocks with corpses on Thursday in one part of the city .
Small groups could be seen burying dead by roadsides .
Other dust - covered bodies were being dragged down streets , toward hospitals where relatives hoped to leave them .
Countless dead remained unburied , some in piles .
Engineers from the UN mission have begun clearing some main roads , and law - and - order duties have fallen completely to the mission ’s 3,000 international troops and police .
About 5,500 US soldiers and Marines were expected to be in Haiti by Monday .
Their efforts will include providing security .
The UN said at least 36 members of its 9,000 - strong peacekeeping mission had been killed and scores remained missing .
Brazil said 14 of its soldiers were among the dead .
Fourteen people were pulled alive yesterday from the landmark Montana Hotel , which was largely flattened .
Agencies
A 3.5 earthquake hit Yellowstone National Park this afternoon as the swarm of earthquakes that started Sunday continues to intensify .
The earthquake occurred at 2:32 p.m. , according to scientists monitoring the current swarm .
Originally , scientists had said two 3.6 earthquakes struck in less than a minute – a mile apart .
A woman at the West Yellowstone , Montana Chamber of Commerce said the earthquake created a “ rumble like a truck driving down the road . ”
She added that the earthquake caused the icicles on the Christmas tree at the Chamber , which has not been taken down , to shake .
The swarm of earthquakes that started Sunday have now entered their third day .
Earlier today , at 9:48 a.m. , a magnitude 3.3 tremor was recorded .
On Monday night , a magnitude 3.4 tremor was recorded at 8:39 p.m .
Al Nash , spokesman for Yellowstone National Park , said that 469 earthquakes had been recorded in the swarm as of 3 p.m. today .
Nash said the earthquakes have been reported by multiple people in the park itself , and in neighboring communities in Montana and Idaho .
Jamie Farrell , a doctoral student in geophysics at the University of Utah , said the quakes are occurring in an area about 5 miles from where the largest swarm of quakes was ever recorded in October 1985 .
The area is six miles due west of Yellowstone National Park ’s Lower Geyser Basin , which is several miles north of Old Faithful .
Farrell said that there have been no reports of the quakes affecting the geysers in the park , but added there is a probability they will affect some of those thermal features .
So far scientists monitoring the swarm say the tremors seem to be normal tectonic activity , and is “ not an indication ” that some sort of volcanic activity will occur .
However , they continue to monitor the situation .
“ At this time the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory does not consider the swarm to be unusual and the earthquakes are likely related to tectonic fault sources , ” the University of Utah said in a press release .
The university has more than two dozen earthquake monitoring stations in the park .
Prof. Robert B. Smith , a geophysicist at the University of Utah and one of the leading experts on earthquake and volcanic activity at Yellowstone , said that the activity is a “ notable swarm . ”
Farrell said there is absolutely no connection between what is occurring in Yellowstone and the magnitude 7.0 earthquake in Haiti .
“ They are completely different systems , ” said Farrell .
“ They are not related . ”
In late December 2008 and early January 2009 , Yellowstone National Park experienced the second largest earthquake swarm in Yellowstone ’s recorded seismic history .
The swarm under the north end of Yellowstone Lake consisted of 813 earthquakes with magnitudes ranging up to 3.9 .
The most devastating earthquake in recent history in the Yellowstone region occurred on Aug. 17 , 1959 , when a magnitude 7.3 earthquake hit .
It was centered near Hebgen Lake , Mont. , killed 28 people and caused more than $ 11 million in damage .
Mike Stickney , director of earthquake studies at the Montana Bureau of Mines and Geology , said there is no way to predict when the next big one will hit .
He said it will likely occur along one of the 45 faults that line two belts – one stretching from Yellowstone National Park up to Helena , Mont. , and a second one along the Montana - Idaho border .
The Yellowstone Plateau is one of the largest super - volcanoes in the world and has gone through three volcanic cycles spanning two million years , which included some of the world ’s largest known eruptions .
Howard Pankratz : 303-954-1939 or hpankratz@denverpost.com
SAN FRANCISCO – A glint of light from a large lake confirms the presence of surface liquid in Titan 's northern hemisphere .
This image , released Thursday here at the American Geophysical Union meeting , was captured on July 8 , using the Cassini spacecraft 's visual and infrared mapping spectrometer .
" This one image communicates so much about Titan – thick atmosphere , surface lakes and an otherworldliness , " said Cassini project scientist Bob Pappalardo , of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , in a press release .
" It 's an unsettling combination of strangeness yet similarity to Earth . "
Titan , Saturn 's largest moon , has a dense nitrogenous atmosphere and is the only place , other than earth , containing stable pools of liquid on its surface .
In 2008 , Cassini confirmed liquid methane lakes in Titan 's southern hemisphere using infrared data .
Cassini has been looking for this mystical glint since reaching Saturn in 2004 , but winter had shrouded the northern half of Titan .
The sun began shining on this area , which contains more lakes than the southern hemisphere , in August 2009 during the moon 's spring equinox .
The glint comes from the southern shoreline of the sprawling Kraken Mare lake , which covers about 400,000 square kilometers of Titan 's surface .
The image proves the lake has been stable for at least three years , indicating that Titan cycles liquid methane to its surface , said Ralf Jaumann , Cassini team member at the German Aerospace Center in Berlin , Germany .
" These results remind us how unique Titan is in the solar system , " Jaumann said in a press release .
" But they also show us that liquid has a universal power to shape geological surfaces in the same way , no matter what the liquid is . "
Image : NASA / JPL / University of Arizona/ DLR
See Also :
Lately I have seen several awesome USB thumb drives designs emerge on the internet .
Here I picked 10 USB thumb drives geeks would love , I know I do .
Santa Cruz Screaming Hand SkateDrive
Memory : 2 GB
Price : $ 11.99 USD
Buy it .
=======================================================================
Burton Custom X SnowDrive
Memory : 2 GB
Price : $ 11.99 USD
Buy it .
=======================================================================
Rip Curl Mick Fanning Eagle Spray SurfDrive and
Lost Speed Demon Skull SurfDrive
Memory : 2 GB
Price : $ 11.99 USD
Buy it ( first model ) .
Buy it ( second model ) .
=======================================================================
EagleTec USB Nano Flash Drive
Memory / Price :
4GB – US$ 23.00
8GB – US$ 35.00
Buy it .
=======================================================================
TrekStor USB - Stick with Bottle Opener
Memory : 4 GB
Price : $ 33.58 USD
Buy it .
=======================================================================
LaCie CurrenKey USB Flash Drive
Memory : 4 GB
Price : $ 42.40 USD
Buy it .
=======================================================================
Lego Brick USB Flash Drive
Memory / Price :
2 GB – $ 40 USD
4 GB – $ 59 USD
8 GB – $ 75 USD
Buy it .
=======================================================================
Gundam USB Flash Drive
Memory : 4 GB
Price : $ 57.75 USD
Buy it .
=======================================================================
Ravage Transformer USB Flash Drive
Memory : 2 GB
Price : $ 42.99 USD
Buy it .
=======================================================================
Memory Pill USB Drive
Memory : 64MB
Price : $ 17.86 USD
Buy it .
=======================================================================
Let me know in the comments which one is your favorite .
I like all of them , the SkateDrive is one of my favorites .
This One Has Legs is about stories that are just emerging on the news + web screens which wont be one day wonders but will be grabbing major news space for weeks and months ahead .
China vs Google is one of those stories .
On January 12th Google said it was considering no longer filtering / censoring search requests from the Chinese market because its mail services and servers had been subject to attacks from Chinese hackers .
Here is the crux of what was said .
We launched Google.cn in January 2006 in the belief that the benefits of increased access to information for people in China and a more open Internet outweighed our discomfort in agreeing to censor some results .
At the time we made clear that “ we will carefully monitor conditions in China , including new laws and other restrictions on our services .
If we determine that we are unable to achieve the objectives outlined we will not hesitate to reconsider our approach to China .
” These attacks and the surveillance they have uncovered –combined with the attempts over the past year to further limit free speech on the web–have led us to conclude that we should review the feasibility of our business operations in China .
We have decided we are no longer willing to continue censoring our results on Google.cn , and so over the next few weeks we will be discussing with the Chinese government the basis on which we could operate an unfiltered search engine within the law , if at all .
We recognize that this may well mean having to shut down Google.cn , and potentially our offices in China .
But the issue goes beyond censorship and attacks on Google Mail and other servers .
The cyber attack on Google is a misnomer – this was a concerted Chinese attack upon at least 20 US companies and government agencies .
It used very sophisticated techniques including a zero - day vulnerability in all versions of Microsoft Internet Explorer and the targets were espionage on intellectual property and trade secrets .
This is why the story has legs – there are broader National Security concerns :
Let ’s remember that China does n’t only have what ’s called the great firewall of China , the filtering and censoring system .
They also have a very aggressive system of cyber - spying and cyberattack , probably the most sophisticated in the world ….
Cyber - spying is clearly an effort by the Chinese to move into the information age and adopt a kind of asymmetrical warfare .
China is not matching the U.S. military , ship for ship , but if it develops a very sophisticated capability to destroy command and control systems , computer systems , that ’s a very potent weapon in any kind of conflict , military or otherwise .
And so the other shoe did drop with Secretary of State Clinton ’s call for a ) for broad internet freedom of from cyber attacks and b ) a thorough and transparent investigation by the Chinese government on how and who originated the attacks on Google and others .
The Chinese immediately raised the stakes and said these views were increasing bilateral tensions between the US and China .
This came after late fall meetings in Beijing in which Obama promised more pragmatic / constructive relations with China .
Clearly China is prepared to double down on the cyber- attack and freedom of the Internet issues
The Stakes and Trade - offs
The problem the Chinese have is their pants are down on this because the consensus is that the attacks did indeed originate in China and that there is a history of increasing cyber - attacking by the Chinese .
Also China is growing unpopular even in developing countries because its aggressive mercantilist [ very low prices for Chinese goods based on an artificially low currency pegged by Beijing , not world markets ] and monopolistic economic policies have wiped out just emerging industries in developing countries as diverse as Vietnam , Mexico , and Kenya .
The problem for the US is that China has $ 2.3 trillion in US debt [ which if the Chinese do controlled dumps - of could cause a US dollar fall and force a raise in US interest rates cutting off US economic recovery ] .
As well China has used its veto in the UN to stall actions in Sudan / Darfur plus limiting efforts to control the nuclear ambitions of North Korea and Iran .
China as well got the developing countries of India , Brazil , and Russia to torpedo any realistic climate change controls and targets in Copenhagen .
In sum , in a game of high stakes political and economic poker , the two sides are apparently lining up their political and economic bets and the signs are for big , very big plays on both sides .
I think I ’ve got the treadmill desk sorted out finally ( see all posts in this series ) .
Here are the parts you will need for a cheap treadmill desk :
Treadmill ( duh ! ) .
They all say you should buy an expensive treadmill , and they are right .
The one I got was very cheap new , and has lots of problems , like …
It forgets how far you ’ve gone after 5 minutes ( so if you go to grab a cup of tea , then it resets itself ) .
It has massive RF interference problems ( now solved — see below ) .
And it picks up mobile phone signals and emits a loud disturbing noise .
How to get an expensive treadmill at a reasonable price ?
I suggest ebay .
Now is about the time when those unwanted Christmas presents should start coming online …
.
They all say you should buy an expensive treadmill , and they are right .
The one I got was very cheap new , and has lots of problems , like …
It forgets how far you ’ve gone after 5 minutes ( so if you go to grab a cup of tea , then it resets itself ) .
It has massive RF interference problems ( now solved — see below ) .
And it picks up mobile phone signals and emits a loud disturbing noise .
How to get an expensive treadmill at a reasonable price ?
I suggest ebay .
Now is about the time when those unwanted Christmas presents should start coming online … RF filter .
There ’s only one I would recommend , which is the Tacima Mains Conditioner and Radio Frequency Interference Filter .
Note that a standard “ surge - protected socket ” is not the same and wo n’t filter RFI .
This looks like one of those bollox “ audio buff ” annealed cables that are aligned to the earth ’s magnetic field and cost thousands of pounds .
It ’s not — this one really works , and it ’s a reasonable price .
Make sure you plug only the treadmill into this otherwise the leads going to other equipment will also act as antennae for the unwanted RF radiation .
.
There ’s only one I would recommend , which is the Tacima Mains Conditioner and Radio Frequency Interference Filter .
Note that a standard “ surge - protected socket ” is not the same and wo n’t filter RFI .
This looks like one of those bollox “ audio buff ” annealed cables that are aligned to the earth ’s magnetic field and cost thousands of pounds .
It ’s not — this one really works , and it ’s a reasonable price .
Make sure you plug only the treadmill into this otherwise the leads going to other equipment will also act as antennae for the unwanted RF radiation .
Desk ( aka “ a piece of wood ” ) .
I taped a piece of wood to the arms of the treadmill with gaffer tape , and then I piled some boxes up to lift the laptop up to a comfortable height : a lo-tech , no cost solution which has proven sturdy and effective .
Even food and drinks have n’t been a problem .
.
I taped a piece of wood to the arms of the treadmill with gaffer tape , and then I piled some boxes up to lift the laptop up to a comfortable height : a lo-tech , no cost solution which has proven sturdy and effective .
Even food and drinks have n’t been a problem .
Padded trainers .
Thick padded trainers have really made the difference for me .
I happened to have some old trainers , but you do n’t need to spend much money on this .
.
Thick padded trainers have really made the difference for me .
I happened to have some old trainers , but you do n’t need to spend much money on this .
Anti-static wrist strap .
Yes , with some combinations of clothes , trainers and humidity , you will start generating static .
This can damage computer equipment easily , not forgetting that it bloody hurts !
A cheap anti-static wrist strap cures the problem .
I ’ve only been doing this for two weeks , but I feel noticeably better already .
The other good thing is it does n’t feel like exercise .
I ’ve done about 4 hours today , and most of the time I forgot I was on a treadmill .
Update
Some mainstream press articles about treadmill desks : 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
January 28 , 2010
Alan Greenspan ’s protege Ben Bernanke is about to be reappointed to a second four - year term as the Federal Reserve boss .
Earlier today , the Senate voted 77 - 23 to end debate on Bernanke after his supporters took to the floor and sang his praises and critics made ominous warnings .
“ To vote against confirmation could unnerve investors and exacerbate economic uncertainty in the marketplace , which is exactly what we do not need at this time , ” said Sen.
Robert Menendez , Democrat of New Jersey , according to The Wall Street Journal .
“ We need the wisdom of patience , ” he said .
“ Let us not judge the man or the work prematurely . ”
Bernanke did nothing about the unsustainable build - up of leverage in the housing market .
In fact , his Fed inflated the bubble that made it possible .
He oversaw the bailout of Bear Stearns and AIG , a call that Congress and the American people should have made .
Bernanke oversaw the massive expansion of the Fed ’s balance sheet from about $ 900 billion to over $ 2 trillion .
At the behest of international bankers , Helicopter Ben transcended monetary policy and bank supervision into the world of fiscal policy , financial speculation , and the resultant economic crisis we are now experiencing .
He is a loyal friend of the banksters and has worked tirelessly to cover up where Fed money has gone and prevent Congress and the American people from looking at the Fed ’s crooked books .
[ efoods ]
If the Senate follows through , Bernanke will be allowed to continue the bankster agenda designed to ruin the country and continue the move toward globalization , world government and the bankster plan for a planetary slave labor plantation indistinguishable from the one operating in China .
“ Bernanke fiddled while our markets burned , ” said Republican Sen. Richard Shelby of Alabama , the senior Republican on the Senate Banking Committee .
“ I believe that it is the duty of this body to hold accountable those regulators whose poor oversight of our financial institutions and markets helped produce the greatest economic crisis this country has experienced in eighty years . ”
Bernanke did more than merely fiddle while markets burned — he actively micromanaged the process .
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner was grilled yesterday over the AIG deal that benefited Goldman Sachs and the banksters .
Earlier this week we found out that Ben had things to hide .
Sen. Jim Bunning , a Republican from Kentucky , said on CNBC that he has seen documents showing that Bernanke covered up the fact that his staff recommended the Fed not bailout AIG .
A letter Bunning sent Monday to Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd also refers to an “ [ e ] mail exchange regarding restructuring of assistance to AIG , initiated by Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ” in March 2009 .
Only Dodd ’s Banking Committee had access to the documents and they were kept close to the vest .
Access only came after Bunning publicly complained that Dodd and Sen. Richard Shelby ( R - Ala . ) were the only members of the committee could see them , writes Ryan Grim .
“ On Monday , Bunning sent a letter to Dodd , asking him to subpoena the emails and other documents .
Bunning and other committee members have thus far had to view the documents at the Federal Reserve and are bound by confidentiality from revealing their contents . ”
Not that it matters .
It looks like the Senate will reappoint Bernanke and send a message to Wall Street and the houses of international finance —
Ben ’s OK with us and the greatest heist in history can continue with the support of the Senate .
All who gave Ben a wink and a nod should be bounced out of Congress come the elections of 2012 .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
A violent Iranian government crackdown on protesters this weekend has reportedly resulted in multiple deaths , as well as the arrests of hundreds of demonstrators , including several political figures and human rights activists .
The continued government suppression since the contested June presidential elections has drawn sharp international criticism .
The United States will always bear witness for and stand by those in Iran , and around the world , who seek to exercise their universal human rights .
Read the President 's latest remarks :
Before I leave , let me also briefly address the events that have taken place over the last few days in the Islamic Republic of Iran .
The United States joins with the international community in strongly condemning the violent and unjust suppression of innocent Iranian citizens , which has apparently resulted in detentions , injuries , and even death .
For months , the Iranian people have sought nothing more than to exercise their universal rights .
Each time they have done so , they have been met with the iron fist of brutality , even on solemn occasions and holy days .
And each time that has happened , the world has watched with deep admiration for the courage and the conviction of the Iranian people who are part of Iran 's great and enduring civilization .
What 's taking place within Iran is not about the United States or any other country .
It 's about the Iranian people and their aspirations for justice and a better life for themselves .
And the decision of Iran 's leaders to govern through fear and tyranny will not succeed in making those aspirations go away .
As I said in Oslo , it 's telling when governments fear the aspirations of their own people more than the power of any other nation .
Along with all free nations , the United States stands with those who seek their universal rights .
We call upon the Iranian government to abide by the international obligations that it has to respect the rights of its own people .
We call for the immediate release of all who have been unjustly detained within Iran .
We will continue to bear witness to the extraordinary events that are taking place there .
And I 'm confident that history will be on the side of those who seek justice .
Updated to include translations in Persian and Arabic .
Download the Arabic version as a pdf
Download the Persian version as a pdf
[ [ nid:7480 ] ]
( CNN ) -- Can Hewlett - Packard 's motion - tracking webcams see black people ?
It 's a question posed on a now - viral YouTube video and the company says it 's looking into it .
In the video , two co-workers take turns in front of the camera -- the webcam appears to follow Wanda Zamen as she sways in front of the screen and stays still as Desi Cryer moves about .
HP acknowledged in a statement e-mailed to CNN that the cameras may have issues with contrast recognition in certain lighting situations .
The webcams , built into HP 's new computers , are supposed to keep people 's faces and bodies in proportion and centered on the screen as they move .
The video went viral over the weekend , garnering more than 400,000 YouTube page views and a slew of comments on Twitter .
It was something neither Zamen nor Cryer expected to happen .
Zamen said she and Cryer , her co-worker , were playing around with the computer at work and testing it when they stumbled upon the facial recognition feature .
Cryer and Zamen said they were laughing when they realized the camera followed her and not him .
" We thought it was pretty funny , we thought it was hilarious , " Zamen said .
So they made a video , which they planned to just share with friends on Facebook and YouTube .
There was no script , no rehearsal , just two friends filming what they thought was a hilarious software glitch .
So again , the two took turns in front of the camera .
" As soon as my blackness enters the frame , it stopped , " Cryer says in the video .
" Black Desi gets in there , no face recognition anymore , buddy , " he says .
YouTube.com : Watch the video
" I think my blackness is interfering with the computer 's ability to follow me , " he continues .
But now that the video has gotten so much attention , the two co-workers want everyone , including HP , to know they never intended the video to spark a discussion about whether the webcam was racist .
Zamen said she liked the computer so much , she suggested Cryer get one for his wife .
RELATED TOPICS
" The intent was definitely not to go after HP , it just so happened the computer was an HP and we recognized the software glitch , " Cryer said .
" We did it for laughs , but if the video does make HP put out a better product , then great , " Zamen added .
HP was quick to react , too .
The company quickly posted on the it's blog , TheNextBench.com , on Sunday after the video went viral , responding to concerns .
" The technology we use is built on standard algorithms that measure the difference in intensity of contrast between the eyes and the upper cheek and nose , " wrote Tony Welch , the lead social media strategist for HP 's Personal Systems Group .
" We believe that the camera might have difficulty ' seeing ' contrast in conditions where there is insufficient foreground lighting . "
TheNextBench.com : Read the statement on HP 's blog
Meanwhile , Welch pointed users facing similar problems to HP 's help page , which provides guidance on how to change the lighting or other optimization settings on the camera .
HP.com :
See the HP help page
On Monday HP also told CNN in a corporate statement that the issue is most likely related to lighting , but they are looking into the situation further .
" HP has been informed of a potential issue with facial - tracking software .
Consistent with other webcams , proper foreground lighting is required for the product to effectively track any person and their movements , " the statement said .
" As with all our products , we continue to explore refinements which help to optimize their use . "
Cryer and Zamen said they 've heard similar feedback from commenters online offering ideas on fixing the lighting .
The co-workers ' video has also sparked others to try the product .
After media coverage of the YouTube video , Consumer Reports did its own testing of the product to see if the YouTube video portrayal was accurate .
ConsumerReports.org :
Watch testing of the webcam feature
In standard lighting , the webcam did n't move with an African - American male as it did with a white male .
But after lighting sources were added , the webcam was able to track the African - American male 's face and movements .
CNN 's Mythili Rao and Rachel Sherman contributed to this report .
CORONADO , Calif . --
Drinking green tea could modulate the effect of smoking on lung cancer .
Results of this hospital - based , randomized study conducted in Taiwan were presented at the AACR - IASLC Joint Conference on Molecular Origins of Lung Cancer , held here from Jan. 11 - 14 , 2010 .
" Lung cancer is the leading cause of all cancer deaths in Taiwan , " said I - Hsin Lin , M.S. , a student at Chung Shan Medical University in Taiwan .
" Tea , particularly green tea , has received a great deal of attention because tea polyphenols are strong antioxidants , and tea preparations have shown inhibitory activity against tumorigenesis . "
However , previous studies of green tea have been inhibited by the flaws of the epidemiologic model with its inherent biases .
Lin and colleagues enrolled 170 patients with lung cancer and 340 healthy patients as controls .
The researchers administered questionnaires to obtain demographic characteristics , cigarette smoking habits , green tea consumption , dietary intake of fruits and vegetables , cooking practices and family history of lung cancer .
They also performed genotyping on insulin - like growth factors as polymorphisms on the following insulin - like growth factors : IGF1 , IGF2 and IGFBP3 , which have all been reported to be associated with cancer risk .
Among smokers and non-smokers , those who did not drink green tea had a 5.16 - fold increased risk of lung cancer compared with those who drank at least one cup of green tea per day .
Among smokers , those who did not drink green tea at all had a 12.71 - fold increased risk of lung cancer compared with those who drank at least one cup of green tea per day .
Lin and colleagues suspect genetics may play a role in this risk differential .
Green tea drinkers with non-susceptible IGF1 ( CA ) 19 / ( CA ) 19 and ( CA ) 19 / X genotypes reported a 66 percent reduction in lung cancer risk as compared with green tea drinkers carrying the IGF1 X /X genotype .
Heavy smokers carrying susceptible IGF1 , IGF2 and IGFBP3 genotypes also had a higher risk of lung cancer compared with nonsmokers carrying non-susceptible IGF1 , IGF2 and IGFBP3 genotypes .
" Our study may represent a clue that in the case of lung cancer , smoking - induced carcinogenesis could be modulated by green tea consumption and the growth factor environment , " said Lin .
###
Subscribe to the AACR RSS News Feed : http://feeds.
feedburner .
com / aacr
The mission of the American Association for Cancer Research is to prevent and cure cancer .
Founded in 1907 , the AACR is the world 's oldest and largest professional organization dedicated to advancing cancer research .
The membership includes 30,000 basic , translational and clinical researchers ; health care professionals ; and cancer survivors and advocates in the United States and nearly 90 other countries .
The AACR marshals the full spectrum of expertise from the cancer community to accelerate progress in the prevention , diagnosis and treatment of cancer through high - quality scientific and educational programs .
It funds innovative , meritorious research grants , research fellowship and career development awards .
The AACR Annual Meeting attracts more than 16,000 participants who share the latest discoveries and developments in the field .
Special conferences throughout the year present novel data across a wide variety of topics in cancer research , treatment and patient care .
The AACR publishes six major peer - reviewed journals : Cancer Research ; Clinical Cancer Research ; Molecular Cancer Therapeutics ; Molecular Cancer Research ; Cancer Epidemiology , Biomarkers & Prevention ; and Cancer Prevention Research .
The AACR also publishes CR , a magazine for cancer survivors and their families , patient advocates , physicians and scientists .
CR provides a forum for sharing essential , evidence - based information and perspectives on progress in cancer research , survivorship and advocacy .
View Transcript
Transcript
Man says , " I work here to pay the bills but I 'm actually an artist . "
Dilbert says , " Wow .
You must be a terrible artist if you have to work here just to eat . "
Man says , " My work is n't commercial . "
Wally says , " It 's not really art if no one likes it . "
Even CBS ’s Craig Ferguson is n’t getting on the late night craziness bandwagon — but he ’s doing it by making fun of himself .
Tonight ’s " Late Late Show " begins with a cold open of Fergie saying , apparently off - camera , “ I ’m sorry I ca n’t be here tonight .
I ’ve been moved .
I am now appearing at 11:30 at NBC . ”
Then , during his opening remarks , the Fergster ( we ’re trying out nicknames here , folks ) goes on to express his puzzlement over today ’s developments ( join the club ! ) .
Courtesy of CBS , the transcript :
I ’m watching on the internet of all the different things going on at NBC … this is the latest I ’ve heard .
I do n’t know if it is true , but this is the rumor I ’ve heard this is what is going around the late night circles .
Jay moves to 11:30 and does a half - hour show between 11:30 and 12 .
Then Conan does 12 to 1 and then Fallon does 1 till 2 .
I think that is what the rumor is tonight .
I do n’t know if that is going to happen .
And I ’m thinking “ Where is Carson Daly in all this ? ” …
But I have to tell you when I look at all this .
when I watch the other , you know , NBC making this terrible mess of the schedule , guys that they are moving are real nice guys .
I know these guys .
They are perfectly nice guys , professional , they are good at their jobs but they get moved around .
And when I watch the other guys making a mess of it I think , ( evil laughter . ) .
It ’s kinda like when you are playing a game of football and the guy comes to tackle you and he kinda trips and you go “ ha , ha ha . ”
Anyway I just want to assure you of this , as the other guys are doing all of this stuff and making all of these mistakes but I do like to think that we still make the crappiest late night TV show .
When all is said and done we will be remembered that we are the ones that sucked the most .
But what did we do ?
We sucked at the same damn time ever night .
Every night join me right here and you will get your regular dose of suck .
Latest evidence that schools are now youth internment centers training kids to accept the prison planet
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Friday , January 22 , 2010
A judge has ordered 22 students at Bryan Highschool in Texas to carry GPS tracking devices in the name of preventing truancy , another example of how schools are now youth internment centers – preparatory camps for brainwashing kids to accept the prison planet .
“ Bryan High students who skip school will soon be tracked 24 hours a day , seven days a week , ” reports KBTX .
“ It ’s called the Attendance Improvement Management Program or AIM , and it has been used across Texas and the United States . ”
Students who skip class are now forced to attend “ truancy court ” and be lectured by a judge before being mandated to carry a GPS tracking device .
“ Students on the program are tracked with a hand - held GPS device between the time they leave for school in the morning and the time they check in for curfew at night . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Watch the clip below .
Not only are children being treated as criminals if they skip class , parents too are being targeted if they turn up late to collect their kids .
A story we broke back in 2006 highlighted how a junior high school in Indiana threatens parents with police and child protective service involvement if they fail to pick up their child on time after mandatory Friday classes for missed homework .
The school stated that if parents did n’t arrive at the agreed time to pick up their child , “ arrangements have been made with the Tell City Police Department to have them housed at the police station . ”
The letter then states that intervention by the police will also necessitate involvement of the Perry County Office of Family and Children .
In other words – get stuck in a traffic jam and you could get your kids snatched by the state and fed into the pedophile - infested government “ care ” system .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
American public schools are being transformed into prison training camps set up to breed continuous generations of obedient slaves .
Schools across the country are routinely invaded by armed goons conducting “ drills ” whereby students are shouted at and have guns pointed at them .
School lockdowns have also become a routine part of student life as kids are conditioned into thinking that they are constantly in danger and need to be protected at all times by the state .
Having armed men terrorize children is by design and it is intended to normalize the police state and train students to accept it as a routine function of society when they leave school .
Drug raids such as the one conducted in Goose Creek South Carolina , where armed police raided a high school with weapons drawn supposedly in search of drugs , are also routine .
Shouting officers aimed guns at students heads as they were ordered face - up against the wall , then into Guantanamo style squats as they were handcuffed and K9 dogs sniffed their backpacks .
No drugs were found and the Goose Creek Police Department , the city , as well as the Berkeley County School District had to pay $ 1.6 million for violating the rights of nearly 150 students caught in the raid .
The three had to sign a consent decree barring similar activities in future but it included a waver where probable cause or voluntary consent could be cited to conduct further raids .
Footage from other school raid drills where police in riot gear point MP5 ’s at students is included in the clip below , taken from Alex Jones ’ 9/11 : The Road To Tyranny .
FBI storm troopers in black uniforms and helmets scream and cuss at children in one instance before loading them on buses and taking them to a local jail .
In Fort Worth Texas , the cop of the year was shot in the head by one of his own officers in another school drill .
Also highlighted is the Heartland Christian Academy school siege where CPS and police kidnapped hundreds of children without a warrant .
Watch in horror as children filled with terror are forcibly dragged from their screaming mothers and loaded onto prison buses .
A federal judge later barred CPS from removing children from the school in future but vaguely defined provisions remained in place where it could be justified .
Over the last two decades , schools have been molded into youth internment centers , indoctrinating all children to accept the presence of surveillance cameras , biometric scanning to access buildings and buy food , ID tracking cards and men in uniforms pointing guns at them as normal .
From the very foundation of the public school system the elite made their plans clear .
The goal was to psychologically mould people to create mindless drones and bricks in the wall of the system , via learning monotonously by rote and the day being divided up by pavlovian bells .
In his 1905 dissertation for Columbia Teachers College , Elwood Cubberly — the future Dean of Education at Stanford — wrote that schools should be factories “ in which raw products , children , are to be shaped and formed into finished products … manufactured like nails , and the specifications for manufacturing will come from government and industry . ”
Similarly , the Rockefeller Education Board — which funded the creation of numerous public schools — issued a statement which read in part :
“ In our dreams … people yield themselves with perfect docility to our molding hands .
The present educational conventions [ intellectual and character education ] fade from our minds , and unhampered by tradition we work our own good will upon a grateful and responsive folk .
We shall not try to make these people or any of their children into philosophers or men of learning or men of science .
We have not to raise up from among them authors , educators , poets or men of letters .
We shall not search for embryo great artists , painters , musicians , nor lawyers , doctors , preachers , politicians , statesmen , of whom we have ample supply .
The task we set before ourselves is very simple …we will organize children … and teach them to do in a perfect way the things their fathers and mothers are doing in an imperfect way . ”
These are the founders of the public education system in America .
The agenda from the very start was to eliminate all forms of objective thought and use education to produce automatons of the state who would shrink from embracing higher forms of intellectual pursuit and truly understanding their role and potential to advance freedom in human society .
When this insipid abuse of the power that the architects hold to shape minds of the future is homogenized with the jackboot thuggery of the surveillance cameras and security minions that stalk the hallways and corridors – the result is a pack of trained rats , subdued and conditioned to follow the every command of their masters from cradle to grave .
In September 2004 , the Muskegon Chronicle reported on a drill that revolved around a mock terrorist attack on a Michigan school bus .
The terrorist group were labeled , “ Wackos Against Schools and Education who believe everyone should be homeschooled . ”
The mock attack was funded by a Homeland Security grant and required the participation of students to act bloody and injured , also involving hospitals , morgues and mannequins painted up to look like dead children , as parents were ordered to dash to emergency rooms frantic in the belief that their child had perished .
The Muskegon Area Intermediate School District later had to apologize for characterizing homeschoolers as terrorists after hundreds of complaints poured in .
Stereotypes consistently propped - up by the media demonize homeschoolers as hicks , retards and extremists , despite the fact the local and national spelling bees are routinely won by homeschooled children .
The ceaseless attack on homeschooling is an attempt to neutralize any alternatives parents have to placing their children in the state run re-education gulags known as the “ public school system . ”
In April 2005 a 5 - year - old Florida girl was manhandled and handcuffed by police after she had a tantrum .
Cases of zealous clampdowns by the authorities in schools are rife and pretext for the imposition of draconian measures of surveillance and armed security thugs is provided by regular school shootings across the country .
In almost every case the shooter is hopped up on a combination of the Ritalin - style substances that have become prevalent in America as our children are force - drugged with dangerous toxic trash , not to mention the increasing amount of mandatory vaccinations , and turned into mumbling nervous wrecks – all the natural zest and innocence of childhood cruelly raped from them by the state .
One in seven children are on Ritalin and other dangerous psychotropic drugs which make them swing between drooling in the corner at one point and then acting wildly the next .
These numbers are only increasing .
Children are put on these drugs in the first place for the most inane and insane reasons , such as raising their hand to answer questions in class too often .
In other cases , like Columbine , the shootings are deliberately aided by the state apparatus to manipulate popular opinion and pass gun control legislation as well as increase the chorus for more school lock - downs and restrictive and oppressive control measures .
We will continue to see armed men terrorize our children , aim guns at their head and indoctrinate them to accept living under tyranny unless parents and teacher organizations band together to file huge lawsuits against those responsible and we vehemently denounce the insidious Sovietization of the public school system .
This article was posted : Friday , January 22 , 2010 at 6:28 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
This is a pretty long blog post but an important one ; it brings to your attention your online business being at the mercy of whoever you bought your .uk domain from .
Nominet has introduced a new service that will allow Registrars , if they suspect a domain name is being used for an illegal activity , to use an “ Investigation Lock ” which in effect means they can :
Remove the domain name from the zone file .
This means that the domain name will not resolve to a web page and email directed to it will not be delivered .
Lock all information relating to the domain name .
This prevents registrant transfers , registrar changes , nameserver modifications and domain name cancellation .
Set the domain name ’s status on the WHOIS to “ suspended ” .
If applied to an account , lock all domain names on the account .
If applied to a single domain name only , that domain name will be locked .
Other domain names in the same account will be unaffected .
Cause the domain name to be cancelled 90 days after the investigation lock is applied ( unless the lock is removed before this period expires ) .
All this without necessarily having a court order from an English / Welsh or Scottish court to do so .
In fact all it takes is any of the following and is not limited to these ;
You receive notification from the police that the domain name is being used for criminal activity
You become aware of facts that indicate credibly that the domain name is being used for criminal activity
You receive an allegation with credible supporting information and evidence that the domain name is being used for criminal activity
You receive multiple allegations from separate parties that the domain name is being used for criminal activity
The domain name is listed on our Phishing feed .
You can read the full details on the Investigation Lock at the Nominet website .
So some of you will probably be thinking , ‘ so what , how would this affect me ?
I run a perfectly legal website and would never break the law , so I do n’t care ’ .
Well here is the thing , it affects everyone and it just depends if you are simply unlucky , victim of a hack , have your site or service used by a criminal or have someone decide if your domain has been up to no good but does n’t understand criminal law .
Under this new Nominet tool , they are taking the “ Shoot first , ask questions later ” approach .
Now this will be great if it stops international criminals from stealing your credit card , or closes down a known terrorist chat board or stops an online paedophile site etc. , however , while we celebrate the closing down of these type of sites , think about the years of police / secret service investigation going down the drain because of some trigger happy Registrar ?
Let ’s not worry about them for the time being , they can take care of themselves .
Instead let ’s look at how this will affect online business such as Affiliates running perfectly legal sites .
It ’s best that I give some examples , to explain where you could find your site or entire business offline and I will end with offering advice on what to do to keep yourself safe in the .uk space as you go about your lawful business .
Example 1 :
You run a service where people can use online scripts / widgets ; tens of thousands of businesses use the service happily and perfectly legally everyday but along comes Mr. Phishing criminal who decided your service will be prefect for covering up his tracks and allow him to steal credit cards , usernames etc .
Well , guess what , your site may end up in the Phishing register and bam !
Your .uk domain name is taken offline .
Or it might attract the attention of the US Secret service and instead of working with them to get the Phishing criminal , your domain name registrar gets a “ credible ” report from them and your website is locked .
This would n’t just decimate your online business but would affect all your customers also , some of who will be looking to sue for damages to their own business .
I used this as an example as I have had first - hand experience of this type of thing happening , dealing with the US Secret Service ( was a nice enough guy , who ‘ understood the Net ’ that was dealing with it in this case ) , only then they did n’t have a “ Investigation Lock ” and besides as I am the registrar ( Nominet member company ) , I would n’t of course lock my own domain .
Example 2 :
You run an Affiliate website that sells a popular brand of boots , and the company in question wants everyone that they did n’t personally authorise to sell them closed down and it just so happens that UK domain name registry and UK Police Central e-Crime Unit are interested in mounting a high profile campaign just at the start of Christmas to send the message that .uk is safe for online transactions .
So without anyone going to court 1,200 sites are locked down and in amongst that list is a couple of Affiliates who committed the heinous crime of pointing people in the right direction where they might buy these popular brand of boots .
You should read the A4U post on this very thing happening to an Affiliate at Christmas .
It could be you next .
I recommend reading that forum post in full to get an idea of how locking domains without a court order can go wrong for Affiliates .
Basically this very thing could easily happen to anyone who is promoting products , especially if they are popular and attract the attention of people wishing to sell fakes .
So while as an Affiliate you ’re promoting a legit retailer who is selling the real deal , you might be mistaken for a fake site and because it ’s not went to court someone with very little knowledge of Affiliate Marketing could mistake your site and order it offline , fun times for you if it ’s your busiest period aka Christmas .
Example 3 :
You run let ’s say a WordPress Blog or site based on it , it gets hacked through no fault of WordPress or yourself and unknown to you parts of your site are being used for a Phishing scam .
Guess who ’s about to be locked for investigation .
Business offline and all your hard SEO work potentially down the drain on top of that .
Now you should be making sure your site is secure but how many of you are online security experts ?
Not many I am guessing .
Example 4 : ( and the last one because I think you will get the picture now )
You run a bulletin board on your site , but unknown to you some of the members are using it to swap illegal files .
You ’re totally in the dark because if you knew about it you would stop it , right .
Well guess what , your business could be taken offline until you can prove you are innocent , and , not by the courts , but by anyone with credible evidence .
This could even be the Police and might not even be a highly trained Internet officer ( how many do we have anyway ? ) ,
It could be a normal Police / CID officer calling your domain name registrar to get your site shut down and all this without a court order from a Judge .
We do live in the United Kingdom where we uphold the rule of law do n’t we ?
And as far as I know the Police have not been given the powers of Judge Dredd just yet .
Summing up
If you ’re thinking , well there are going to be some innocent people caught up , but it will all work out in the end .
But why should it be this way , when we have a perfectly good legal system where you get to prove your case in front of a Judge ?
and this is the point .
We should not have things like “ Investigation Locks ” in the hands of non-legal professionals to make a decision that could wreck an online company .
It should be the Police seeking court orders and having Nominet carry out the “ locking ” and not just any tom* , dick * or harry * who runs a domain name company .
A lot of this is knee jerk reaction to incoming Government legalisation and Nominet being the only company ( non-profit ) allowed to sell .uk domain on behalf of the Government need to be seen to be doing something .
While I think it ’s correct that we should tackle online criminality we need to do so via the courts ( being innocent until proven guilty is still something I believe in ) and it should be organisations with the man power and the money ( my understanding is Nominet have tens of millions they do n’t know what to do with in the bank ) to run the central response and deal with “ locking ” domain names after a due legal process has been carried out .
If you ’re wondering what you can do to safeguard yourself as a business owner with maybe say 50 + domain names , I would recommend that you join Nominet as a member as currently no one can lock members domains as fair as I know without actually going to court and forcing Nominet to do so .
If like me you run legal websites .
You have the added safe guard of advanced notice and your day in court and not the sudden surprise of your sites offline and no one told you .
* Note : I know a Tom , Dick and a Harry who run a domain name company and I am not talking about you guys so chill 😉
Nominet Questions and Their Answers
I asked Nominet a number of questions on the Thursday ( 21st Jan 2010 ) before publishing this blog post .
Here they are in full and the reply ’s they gave un-edited .
It ’s clear from the response Nominet is trying it ’s best to help fight online crime , however it ’s also clear that they do n’t want to take responsibility for it as it ’s pretty obvious mistakes will happen and peoples livelihoods will be put at risk and they wish the Registrars ( aka Nominet member compaines ) to take all the risk and blame .
This is something all Nominet Members need to take very seriously and I would urge you to consider only acting when given a court order to do so as it ’s highly unlikely you are fully trained in the UK legal system workings but if you make a mistake you will soon find yourself learning a hell of a lot more if a company sues you until you are out of business .
Q1 .
Why is n’t Nominet taking the responsibility and using the phishing feed you receive to actually investigate and shutdown the domain ?
Why is it being passed to tag holders ?
– Having Nominet do the investigations would ensure fairer treatment as there would be a set formal investigation and not left up to companies who will have different policy ’s , or simply ca n’t be bothered .
Nominet :
Whilst the phishing feed is a good and reliable source of data on phishing domain names it may not in all cases be entirely clear cut .
There are instances where genuine sites are hacked or other malicious attacks take place .
As a registrar you know your customers in much more detail than we do and are therefore better placed to make these checks .
The type of checks could include contacting the customer directly , looking at other domain names or sites held by the customer , re-checking the credit card details or even checking the originating IP address from which the domain name purchase was made .
Any information a registrar holds on a domain name , along with the actual content associated with the domain name could be the basis of a decision to lock a domain name where it is allegedly involved in phishing .
In the section “ Situations in which you should consider using the lock : ” can you explain the following .
Q2 . “ You receive notification from the police that the domain name is being used for criminal activity ” why do the Police not contact Nominet directly as the .uk domain registry ?
Nominet :
We do receive requests from the Police and if we agree that it ’s appropriate we do act on them , however in many cases the Police contact hosts and registrars directly to request sites and content be removed .
The lock that we have provided enables registrars to act themselves when requested to do so .
The lock is more effective than simply removing nameserver records which was the only action that registrars could previously take .
The lock also prevents a registrar change .
This means the problem does n’t simply pass to the next registrar as we have seen in the past .
Q3 . Since when have the Police been allowed to shut down website without a court order ?
Nominet :
We recommend that registrars co-operate with the Police if you are comfortable that criminal activity is taking place .
If this has not been proven to your satisfaction then do n’t act .
The circumstances in which you take action and remove a service from a customer depends on your own policies , procedures and contract arrangements .
The lock tool is a service that allows you to take action when you see fit .
When Nominet suspended over 1200 domain names in December we did so on the basis of a clear instruction from the Police Central e-Crime Unit .
PCeU confirmed that all the domain names concerned were associated with criminal activity .
The domains were also in breach of our T&Cs because the domains displayed false contact details and / or they were incorrectly claiming to be consumer sites when they were being used for trade .
Q4 . “ You become aware of facts that indicate credibly that the domain name is being used for criminal activity ” What counts as credible evidence ?
Nominet : Again this is very much up to each registrar to define .
If it is alleged that a domain name is being used in connection with an illegal activity it is the registrar ’s responsibility to evaluate the validity of the allegation and take action as it sees fit .
The domain lock is a tool that enables it to take that action .
As a broad principle we would accept a clear notification that criminal activity is taking place and an instruction to act but we would not take action if we could n’t verify the source of the notice or we were asked to investigate further rather than being instructed to take positive action .
Q5 .
“ You receive multiple allegations from separate parties that the domain name is being used for criminal activity ” ….
Allegations remain assertions without proof , until they can be proved .
Is it Nominet ’s stance that we should forget due legal process and just accept allegations ?
Nominet : Registrars will understandably have different policies on how and when they take action .
If a domain name is allegedly being used illegally or a registrar is allegedly hosting illegal content , then the terms and conditions that the registrar has with its customers will determine the type of action that it takes .
It is also up to each registrar to evaluate these allegations and the impact acting or failing to act may have on their reputation .
Whilst it is up to each registrar to decide on what circumstances they will use the lock , we suggest that receiving multiple allegations from several credible independent sources would merit investigation .
Q6 . “ The domain name is listed on our Phishing feed . ”
Do you have insurance that will pay out Registrars should any site be listed incorrectly by the third party Netcraft , they then lock and are sued by the company ?
Nominet : No .
The phishing feed is an aggregation service that passes on information from security experts .
We do not provide any warranty or any guarantee as to the accuracy of the information provided .
We recommend that registrars investigate any reports from the feed and then apply the investigation lock as they see fit on the basis of the investigation .
The terms of use for the phishing feed are here .
Q7 .
Do you consider an allegation of possible copyright / trademark infringement good grounds to use the “ Investigation Lock ” ?
Nominet : No. Copyright or trade mark infringements are civil matters and are specifically mentioned as situations where the investigation lock should not be used .
Q8 . 90 Days to prove your innocence or lose your business , why has a deadline been set when many small business owners will struggle to afford the legal representation to prove their innocence in this amount or time ?
Nominet : Just as credible evidence that criminal activity is taking place is sufficient to put the lock in place , credible evidence that the lock has been put in place in error should be enough for a registrar to remove the lock .
The registrant may also approach us and we will investigate , working with the registrar .
We believe that 90 days is an adequate amount of time to resolve any issues about inappropriate use of the lock .
It is worth mentioning that this lock is an extension of the existing phishing lock , which has been in place since May 2009 .
We have n’t seen any abuse of the phishing lock which was one of the key criteria we considered before we extended the ways in which the lock can be used .
This lock is intended to simply add to the options a registrar has when faced with the uncomfortable situation of a report of criminal activity taking place with a domain name that is on their tag .
From talking to our customers we know registrars are already taking action and dehosting domain names when issues arise .
This lock offers some additional functionality ( by preventing cyberflight ) and also creates a standardised way of dealing with these problems .
As with any new functionality we will keep a close eye on how it is used and the impact it has and make any changes we think necessary .
Ultimately we are committed to finding ways to make .uk a safe and secure environment .
This is n’t a quick fix but it is one way we are trying to help .
END OF THE QUESTIONS .
If you have any comments on this post , please do so below .
Nominet have been made aware of the post and have the choice to reply if they wish , I will not edit their replies .
As posts like this will bring out the trolls , I remind you that anything you post here is your own responsibility and that your IP is recorded .
Anything brought to my attention that is potentially libellous will be removed .
Netflix , the company that mails out DVDs and streams movies to millions of home theater potatoes , made the rounds to the Federal Communications Commission on Friday .
The company 's general counsel told staffers and Commissioners that the movie rental distributor supports the agency 's proposed Internet nondiscrimination rules .
But they also include a potentially nasty loophole , Netflix warned — the " managed services " category that the Commission created in its Notice of Proposed Rulemaking back in October .
" Netflix is concerned that network operators will use so - called managed services in a way that harms unaffiliated content or service providers that compete directly with services provided by the network operator , " the company told the FCC earlier this month .
" In short , if left unchecked , the ' managed services ' category could engulf the Commission ’s open Internet policies altogether " and let ISPs end run any regulations .
Paid provisions
What are " managed services " ?
That remains to be worked out .
It 's a vague concept that appears to include IP voice and video .
The FCC 's NPRM suggests they could be good or bad for competition , depending on how they 're deployed .
But first some background is in order .
The FCC 's proposals call for two additions to the agency 's four - part Internet Policy Statement , which commits the Commission to making sure consumers can access the legal content of their choice on the ' Net.
Rule Five will add an enforcement provision to the FCC 's regulations , requiring networks to treat content , applications , and services in nondiscriminatory ways — that is , to avoid " from favoring or disfavoring lawful content , applications , or services accessed by their subscribers . "
Rule Six will require ISPs to be transparent about their network management practices , disclosing their methods to the public .
One of the biggest questions is whether Rule Five would apply not just to crude attempts to block content , but to priority access arrangements , which the big cable companies and the telcos very much want .
AT&T defines these arrangements as " voluntary commercial agreements for the paid provision of certain value - added broadband services " — presumably faster and smoother access for certain sites .
In its NPRM , the FCC wonders where the freedom to cut these kind of deals could go .
" A broadband Internet access service provider that is also a pay television provider could charge providers or end users more to transmit or receive video programming over the Internet in order to protect the broadband Internet access service provider ’s own pay television service , " the document speculates .
" Alternatively , such a broadband Internet access service provider could seek to protect its pay television service by degrading the performance of video programming delivered over the Internet by third parties . "
Gatekeeper
Amen to that , declares Netflix , which definitely has a dog in this fight .
In addition to 11 million DVD rental subscribers , the company streams tons of video .
In fact , half of its customers have watched at least 15 minutes of movie content on its main site , the service estimates .
Netflix predicts that by the end of this year , its streaming capacity will be available on over 100 different devices , including TiVO , BluRay , X - Box , and PlayStation 3 , plus SONY and VIZIO IP - TV sets .
" The fact that network operators control the delivery pipes and generate significant revenue from content that travels over those pipes provides both the means and motive for discriminating against new ventures that might threaten revenue sources of the network operators , " Netflix warns .
The filing worriedly mentions Comcast and Time Warner Cable 's TV Everywhere ventures , in which cable subscribers will have access to content over the web , and the proposed merger of Comcast and NBC Universal .
These developments " exacerbate the growing concern that will use their control over programming networks to stifle competition , including the growing competition from online video providers like Netflix , " Netflix adds .
" The concern that network operators will use their gatekeeper control over broadband access services to discriminate against unaffiliated content in a variety of ways is central to the Commission ’s proposed open Internet policies , and a wide variety of discriminatory conduct that stems from such gatekeeper control should be cognizable under the net neutrality rules . "
Managing managed services
But in order for this potential problem to be " cognizable " [ our translation : " covered " ] under the agency 's Open Internet rules , Netflix urges the Commission to clarify what are or are not " managed services " — at present a rather vague category that the FCC added to its NPRM .
The document defines them as IP offerings such as voice and video , " often provided over the same networks used for broadband Internet access service , that have not been classified by the Commission . "
The agency mentions AT&T 's U - VERSE IP - Video package as an example of a managed service .
" Should the Commission classify these services for policymaking purposes , and if so , how ? " the Commission asks .
" If rules are appropriate in this area , what should those rules state ? "
Ask us something hard , Netflix responds .
" The potential category of ' managed services ' discussed in the NPRM is of concern , particularly if this category of services is exempt from the openness or nondiscrimination provisions of the rules , " the company writes .
The FCC must ensure that ISPs " not simply use the ' managed services ' category to " end-run the openness and nondiscrimination rules . "
What kind of call will the FCC make on this ?
Good question .
Wish we had the answer , for Netflix 's sake .
At present all we have are the agency 's open - ended questions .
" We recognize that these managed or specialized services may differ from broadband Internet access services in ways that recommend a different policy approach , and it may be inappropriate to apply the rules proposed here to managed or specialized services , " the Commission 's proposals note .
" However , we are sensitive to any risk that the growth of managed or specialized services might supplant or otherwise negatively affect the open Internet . "
Maybe it 's because of the Islanders off days .
Maybe it 's because we passed the new year and the half - way point of the season .
Maybe it 's because a certain # 39 has now officially been recalled to the big club after a healthy ( second ) conditioning stint over the weekend with Bridgeport .
Regardless , I feel like there are some early - season topics worth revisiting now .
Consider this an open forum on a variety of topics .
I 'm a devout believer in the Church of I Am Neither Genius Nor Clairvoyant , so I like to revisit my earlier opinions or beliefs and check how they 're panning out -- and to check whether I 've changed my mind or " still need more data . "
I 'm curious whether your opinion has changed as well .
( And even though I left that sect long ago , followers of the Church of Always Damn Cocksure are encouraged to weigh in with full voice . )
On defensemen present and future , on our pressbox - dwelling shootout experts , on the three - headed goaltending monster , on last summer 's top pick and next summer 's location news , let 's hear how your thinking has changed ( or solidified ) on these and other topics :
The Defensemen Situation
So , pretty much everyone this side of Garth Snow 's office door went into this season thinking the blueline was subpar and / or at least way to vulnerable to injury .
Maybe
Snow believed that too , but was in three - year , let contracts expire mode .
There was pre-season talk around these parts of trading for / signing Anton Babchuk or Adrian Aucoin or Dennis Seidenberg to augment things ( caveat :
We never truly know whether a free agent would come here ) .
Naturally , Radek Martinek went down with a season - ending injury , opening some opportunities : I 've been pleasantly surprised by Andrew MacDonald .
I 've had moments of relish with Jack Hillen , but he can't do anything about his small frame , and his pairing with Andy Sutton has sort of reaffirmed his ceiling .
The Islanders also twice had a chance to reclaim Brad Lukowich -- both when he was originally assigned to Austin and this past week when he was recalled by the Canucks .
Related to that , the Isles had a chance to claim disgruntled ex-Isle Mathieu Schneider last week .
I think he would have goosed the powerplay ; he also would have been a 5 - on - 5 liability ( in other words , he'd fit right in ! ) .
At the same time , Doug Weight returned -- and the powerplay point is where Weight is most useful at this point .
How I 've changed : I always thought the Isles needed another D-man .
I was just never really happy with the options .
A one - year veteran for depth would 've been nice .
Aucoin I 'd have loved .
I originally poo-poo'd Lukowich , the Sharks and Canucks ' discards could actually still be the Islanders ' gain .
Basically , I 'm a child here : I want , I want , I want , but I have no brilliant solution .
I look forward to a day when ( hopefully ) Calvin De Haan , Matt Donovan and Travis Hamonic might make this question moot .
I cry that Hamonic has just had six weeks of the most important year in his career taken from him because of a last - minute hit in a blowout .
Speaking of which ...
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SHG GWG GTG SOG PCT 2009 - 10 Jack Hillen 39 1 9 10 5 32 0 0 0 0 46 2.2 2009 - 10 Andrew MacDonald 19 1 0 1 5 8 0 0 0 0 13 7.7 2009 - 10 Dennis Seidenberg 42 1 14 15 3 27 0 0 0 0 69 1.4 2009 - 10 Adrian Aucoin 43 6 13 19 4 30 0 0 2 0 80 7.5 2009 - 10 Mathieu Schneider 17 2 3 5 0 12 1 0 0 0 14 14.3
The Defensmen , Part II
Before this season I was excited about Calvin de Haan , still hopeful about Aaron Ness , and curious about Jyri Niemi .
Half - way through this season , I 'm excited about Travis Hamonic ( though the injury sucks ) , hopeful about Matt Donovan and de Haan , and curious about Ness and Niemi .
How I 've changed :
This will change quarterly , for several years , until two of them become legit NHL defensemen .
Most will probably say , " Come on , at least two will become legit NHL defensemen ! "
But the fact is every team 's road of dashed hopes is paved with prospect after prospect who looked great for a few months here and there .
There are only so many NHL jobs .
There are myriad teenagers chasing them , and nearly as many scouts and pundits hyping them .
The Goaltending Situation
We 're heeeeeeere .
Rick DiPietro practiced with the big club today .
The three - headed monster is on the horizon .
Scott Gordon and Garth Snow have some decisions to make .
Right now it 's probably : Dwane Roloson drives and Martin Biron and DP battle over the scraps , at least until one has a dynamite performance .
We 're still on pace for this situation to be pretty clear by the Olympic break , which ends right before the NHL trade deadline .
How I 've changed : I always figured the DiPIetro situation would n't come to a head until December or January .
But in September , I fully expected Biron to have a nice enough season for someone to want to acquire the starter 's pimp juice he has on his resume .
I did n't think the issue would be that he has n't gotten enough starts nor wins to be attractive to someone ; I 've no insider knowledge of the trade market , but that 's how an educated guess would go now .
Drat .
GP MIN W L GA GAA SA SV SV % PK Sv % SO 2009 - 10 Martin Biron 17 950 2 11 51 3.22 508 457 .900 .788 1 2009 - 10 Dwayne Roloson 28 1679 15 7 78 2.79 886 808 .912 .887 0
Jeff Tambellini , Meet Rob Schremp
When Rob Schremp arrived I thought it was a worthy experiment .
The guy 's still youngish , he clearly has some rare skill , so give him a new start and see if it works out .
I also thought it spelled bad news for Jeff Tambellini , and I think that 's true : Though Tamby is a wing and Scott Gordon has decided Schremp can only work at center , with Josh Bailey 's move to the wing and Doug Weight 's deployment at wherever , it 's clear Tamby falls down the depth chart .
I 'm of two minds on Tambellini :
He 's certainly improved and I do n't like scratching him for such long spells .
At the same time , the Islanders have given him multiple chances and when he goes through a handful of uninspiring games I do n't mind him hitting the press box .
That said , his presence has rarely made the Islanders less likely to win , particularly when you consider this team 's love of overtime and the shootout .
How I 've changed : Have n't really .
Tambellini is always an enigma for me , and Schremp is still in an evaluation period for me .
Schremp has clearly gotten a greater chance this year ( and produced less ) , but that 's because the Islanders have more to learn about whether he is a fit -- in other words , they 've gotten to know Tambellini quite well .
Ultimately , it 's no stretch to doubt either will still be Islanders when the team is a legit playoff team .
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG GWG TOI PPtoi SOG PCT 2009 - Jeff Tambellini 24 7 6 13 -1 8 3 0 11:56 1:07 46 15.2 2009 - Rob Schremp 21 2 6 8 -5 8 2 0 13:55 2:57
37 5.4
The Playoff Bubble , or Rebuild ( do n't call it a rebuild ! )
Year II
I never expected this team to make the playoffs .
I did hope -- for entertainment and player development 's sake -- they would hang in the picture for half a season .
They 've done more than that , partly thanks to the Eastern Conference 's craptastic nature , which has kept a lot of teams not named after weather phenomena within a winning streak of eight place .
How I 've changed : Have n't really -- except that the proximity to eighth place has made me live and die with each game far more than I expected to , even though I still believe a finish closer to the top pick than to the last playoff spot is better for the franchise .
Of course , given the way the East is shaping up , a finish close to eighth place can be close to the top pick .
The Uncertain Future , Part I : Tavares vs. Hedman vs. Duchene
You just do n't know the deal on any draft pick until a few years into his career .
Even the # 1 overall .
I was sympathetic to the " build with a franchise defenseman " theory and actually mulled it for much of last season .
In the end , I thought Tavares ' talent was a surer bet for the franchise now , and in the future .
All the top three picks look like great talents , but that 's about all we know so far .
How I 've changed :
In truth , I was pleasantly surprised by Tavares 's hot start , and expected more dry spells like the current one to come earlier .
Obviously I do n't have high expectations for 18 - and 19 - year olds , no matter the buckets of Pierre McGuire saliva spilled over them .
The Uncertain Future , Part II : Lighthouse Project ( or : Where the hell we gonna play ? )
I am no more clearer about the fate of the Lighthouse Project today than I was a year ago , when Charles Wang first unleashed the PR machine to publicly pressure Kate Murray and the Town of Hempstead powers that be .
That gambit was worth a shot , but Murray 's party has kept control and now Wang is back into do n't - do - it - through - the - press mode .
How I 've changed : From the Kansas City call which I knew was unrealistic from Day 1 to the Saskatoon training camp announcement , I 've always believed the most likely home for the Islanders would continue to be in the New York area .
I 'm less confident in the Lighthouse Project 's chances than I once was , but every alternative is messy :
The ones that keep the club in the area are ultimately less messy than the ones that would remove the Isles from such a deep media / TV market .
* * *
So that 's a lot of topics , but how have you changed on any of them ?
Or stuck to your guns ?
Defense , prospects , the # 1 pick , goaltending , the future -- or any other topic that I did n't list :
What have you learned in the last 40 - some games and 3 - 4 months ?
LONDON , Jan. 18 , 2009  --
Imagine this : you 're feeling under the weather , as if you a have a flu virus coming on and so , following doctor 's orders , you take an ordinary painkiller to ease the symptoms .
Hours later , you wake up disfigured by what look like severe burns from head to toe .
This is what happened to 19 - year - old Eva Uhlin .
Five years ago , she became ill on a vacation trip to her native Sweden .
When she returned home , she was told she had a fever and took acetaminophen to help relieve the symptoms .
The next morning , her entire face and body were covered in severe , disfiguring blisters .
Uhlin was rushed to the University Hospital of Linkoping , Sweden , where she was diagnosed with an extremely rare -- and potentially lethal -- condition known as toxic epidermal necrolysis , believed to have been caused by a combination of her virus and an allergic reaction to the painkiller .
" It 's a reaction where the body 's inflammatory system reacts to outermost skin layer and it comes off , " her doctor , Folke Sjoberg , told ABC News .
" You get a shortage of overall skin and you lose a lot of the skin 's normal process .
You then become dependent on critical care , like a severe - burns victim . "
Acetaminophen , known as paracetamol in parts of Europe , is one of the most commonly - used analgesics in the world .
Over the - counter brands that use it include Tylenol , Datril , Excedrin Migraine , Anacin 3 , DayQuil , NyQuil and many others .
" I could n't believe what was happening , " Uhlin told London 's Daily Mail .
" I had taken paracetamol many times before and doctors still are n't sure why I had this extreme reaction to it on this occasion . "
A Month of Agony
She hung on by a thread .
The first 48 hours were crucial to her recovery .
She was confined to a hospital bed for a month .
Fifteen different doctors tended to her .
She lost most of the surface of her skin , plus fingernails and toenails .
Toxic epidermal necrolysis , also known as Lyell 's syndrome , is not only disfiguring .
It leaves the patient highly vulnerable to the risk of infection .
" The upper layer of the skin is attacked .
It 's very serious , " Dr. Richard Granstein , chairman of the department of dermatologyat NewYork Presbyterian Hospital told ABC News .
" You look at yourself , you look terrible , you 're at risk of infection , you 're at risk of dying . "
Losing Her Skin Because of a Common Pain Medication
" When I looked in the mirror for the first time after it happened , I did n't recognize myself , " Uhlin told the Daily Mail .
" I 've always been a positive person and I did n't let myself think about the chance that my skin would never be normal again "
Aside from her appearance , Eva also had to contend with the searing pain that would keep her even from sleeping .
Doctors had to give her morphine and apply strong , healing ointments to her raw skin .
At one point , her damaged lips grew together , leaving her in agony .
With her month - long stay over , Miss Uhlin returned home but continued to visit the hospital for regular checkups .
Eva Uhlin is fine today .
She looks nothing like the young woman with the blistered skin in the photos from five years ago .
Doctors say her recovery has been complete ; the only difference is that she frequently needs eye drops .
" [ Toxic epidermal necrolysis ] usually heals itself without the use of skin- grafting , " Sjoberg told ABC News .
" it 's not a surgical procedure .
The skin heals by itself ; in that sense this was rather an ordinary healing process .
It was extraordinary that she was so young and that the problem she had with the skin was so extensive but apart from that , the healing process went normally . "
Reaction is Very , Very Rare
The triggers for toxic epidermal necrolysis are still not fully understood but before you ditch acetaminophen in a panic , there are other drugs more likely to bring on the condition , such as anti-seizure medication , certain antibiotics , even other analgesics such as ibuprofen .
" Usually this does not come on the first time you take the drug as it's believed the immune system has to be sensitized before this kind of reaction " , said Granstein .
" Usually it comes on after you 've been on the drug for a couple of weeks .
It 's assumed to be a hypersensitivity reaction involving the immune system but it's not clear - cut . "
Losing Her Skin Because of a Common Pain Medication
The good news is that the mortality rate for the disease is very low -- out of the one in a million people who are stricken with toxic epidermal necrolysis , around 25 percent of those cases are serious .
With modern medical care , even the most severely affected victims generally recover .
But Sjoberg remains adamant that if you do take medication , then make sure you really need it .
" You should have a clear - cut reason why you take a pill , " he said .
" It 's always a balance between the good outcome and the risk that you undertake when you take medication .
This very horrible disease underlines the risk you can come in to while taking a rather harmless drug like she did and the outcome that became so dramatic . "
Two years ago , The Herald , a publication of the Malaysian Roman Catholic Church , filed suit for the right to translate the word “ God ” as “ Allah ” in their Malay - language edition , after the government prohibited non-Muslims from using the word .
On December 31 , the High Court ruled in The Herald ’s favor and tensions broke out into violence that continues through this week — nearly a dozen churches have been fire - bombed or vandalized .
— Eds .
The riots in Malaysia in response to the overturning of a ban on Christians using the word “ Allah ” has given me a lot to think about .
My first response is horror at the destruction of churches and disappointment in the Muslims who commit and support such acts of hate .
My second response is a bit more academic .
As a literary scholar who works on Arabic and Persian texts , much of what I do involves translation .
How to translate the words people use to refer to any deity — let alone the Deity — leads us to all sorts of political and philosophical questions .
For example , two years ago I took part in a translation workshop in which someone was translating a short story from Arabic into English .
He wondered whether he should translate “ Allah , ” and if so , how best to do so .
His rationale behind leaving the word transliterated as “ Allah ” with a capital “ a ” was based on his desire to maintain some sense of the foreign in his finished translation .
His main character was named Ibrahim , and even though it is a familiar enough cognate to Abraham , he felt the need to maintain the cultural connotations of the Arabic version of the name .
He used the same logic for “ Allah . ”
I pointed out , however , that “ Allah ” is not a personal name but rather an impersonal proper noun .
Capitalizing the “ a ” ( keep in mind that Arabic has nothing equivalent to capital or lowercase letters ) lends some specificity to the deity in question , just the way capitalizing the “ g ” in god does in English .
Yet , “ God ” is not a name as such ; the capitalized English word has come to refer to the monotheistic divinity of the Judeo - Christian tradition ( whose actual personal name , according to that tradition , is “ YHWH ” or “ Jehovah ” ) .
More on the noun vs. name issue in a moment .
My second argument for translating “ Allah ” had to do with politics : I suggested that translating “ Allah ” as “ God ” was a way to underscore commonality among the Abrahamic faiths .
Seeing “ Allah ” in print , especially in association with the takbirat ( shouts of “ Allahu Akbar ” ) before or during terrorist attacks , has given the English - speaking public a mistaken sense that “ Allah ” is some other god besides the one of whom Abraham , Moses , and Jesus spoke .
In essence , while I agreed that maintaining the cultural value of “ Ibrahim ” was justified , I felt disrupting the English connotations of “ Allah ” ( i.e. , correcting misconceptions about “ Allah ” ) would be an equally justified translation choice .
The Divine Noun
The distinction between noun and name , though clear in English , is blurred in Arabic .
In fact , the same word is used to refer to both : ‘ism .
Grammatically , “ Allah ” is an ‘ ism - e ’alam , a proper noun—very much like “ God ” ( notice the capital “ g ” ) in English .
Though the origins of the word have been subject to much philological debate , most linguists trace its development from the word ’ilah , the non-specific word for deity .
When the definite article “ al ” was attached to “ ‘ ilah ” in order to denote a specific deity , the phrase was contracted from “ al - ‘ilah ” to “ al - lah . ”
This apparently happened well before the advent of Islam ; the word “ Allah ” is attested in several pre-Islamic poems .
One could associate god ( lower - case “ g ” ) with ‘ ilah and God ( upper- case “ g ” ) with “ Allah . ” English conventions about “ God ” with a capital “ g ” , in addition to a desire to show reverence , contribute to the reasons we capitalize the “ a ” in “ Allah . ”
Reverence is more clearly marked when we refer to the deity of the Hebrew Bible in English .
In Exodus 3 , God reveals his personal name , YHWH , to Moses .
Because of the sacred nature of this name , it is rendered in most English Bibles as “ THE LORD ” ( in small caps ) or “ G - d ” and is replaced with “ Adonai ” ( the emphatic plural of “ lord ” ) when the text is read aloud .
We are unable to pronounce the personal name of God most obviously because we lack its vowels , but this unpronouncibility begs the larger question of how any name or word can fully encompass a transcendent divinity .
Mystics of all religions come up against this problem .
Question :
How does one express the ineffable ?
Answer : Call it ineffable .
This is an example of apophatic speech — speech that undoes itself in its own act .
The best we can do is describe God as indescribable .
Muslims are taught that God has 99 “ names , ” however , these are more like epithets that describe God as the personification of a particular quality : “ The Merciful One , ” “ The Patient One , ” “ The Just One , ” etc .
Almost apophatically , “ Allah ” has come to be the preferred signifier of God because it alone “ expresses the sole and incommunicable godhead ” ( Encyclopedia of Islam , “ Allah ” ) , instead of naming God by one particular quality .
Do Jews , Christians , and Muslims Worship the Same “ God ” ?
A further issue related to the imperfection of human language speaks more to the point of the conflict in Malaysia : its referentiality .
By convention , speakers of a given language agree that a certain configuration of sounds represents a thing or concept .
The conventions of language are key to understanding ; and those conventions are culturally determined .
To take a simple example , in the Southern United States , any carbonated beverage may be called a “ coke , ” regardless of whether it is produced by Coca - Cola , while in other areas “ coke ” always means the specific , branded beverage in the red can .
These regional differences are evidence that the semantic range ( the range of possible meanings ) for a given word are culturally determined .
Expand this concept across languages , not just regional dialects , and we begin to see why translation is often so difficult .
Project it up to the divine plane and we easily have a controversy on our hands .
Leaving all these big questions aside for a moment , let ’s deal a bit more specifically with what is making people so upset in Malaysia .
“ Allah ” is the generic Malay word for God and has been for centuries .
So no big deal , right ?
That ’s what I first thought , and then I saw an article that said phrases that describe Jesus as “ the son of Allah ” were making people upset .
That phrase gave me pause .
It was jarring .
It is a phrase I had never heard or seen in print before , and this is precisely why it was so jarring .
I ’ve heard plenty of people use the word “ Allah ” in English sentences , but never with modifiers or predicates that were implying something un -Islamic .
This phrase introduces an unfamiliar Christian idea into my personal associations with the word “ Allah ” and the concept it represents to me .
Because “ Allah ” is a word I tend to use only with other Muslims , it has come to signify God and all the things Muslims believe about God to me .
This gets to the heart of the issue — Do Jews , Christians , and Muslims worship the same “ God ” ?
According to the Qur’an , the answer is yes : “ Our Allah and your Allah is one ; and it is to Him we bow ( in Islam ) ” ( 29:46 , Yusuf Ali translation ) .
The thing that everyone seems to be missing is that the Abrahamic faiths proclaim the same monotheistic deity even as they proclaim different things about that deity .
The names or words we each use to refer to that deity are inscribed with our own idiosyncratic beliefs about the character and priorities of that deity , so when “ someone else ” uses “ our ” word , we feel in some way violated .
Keeping in mind that the generic word Malays ( both Christians and Muslims ) use for God is “ Allah , ” there should be no sense of violation : the word , while Arabic in origin , does not “ belong ” to a particular religious group , much the way the English word “ God ” is not the sole property of one group or another .
Using Religion for Political Gain
It is interesting to note that George W. Bush started a similar ( though largely unnoticed ) controversy by saying the God he believes in and the God Muslims believe in are one and the same .
Evangelicals across America were outraged and released statements differentiating the “ Gods . ”
This time it was the Christians upset at Muslims calling upon “ their ” deity .
It should be clear by now that I think this controversy is founded on nothing but hot air .
“ Allah ” is simply a word whose semantic range differs from community to community .
Juan Cole agrees ( also see his much more succinct comments on the meaning of the word “ Allah ” ) .
As some political analysts have suggested , the religious fervor behind these riots and acts of vandalism is likely stoked by purely political concerns .
That the leading Islamic political party in Malaysia claims that Muslims may be confused by the Christian use of the word is evidence of their own ignorance of the Qur ’an ’s position on the subject and indicates their interest in dividing the Malaysian population along religious lines for their own political gains .
I Told Him not to Park There !
One of the most significant challenges that designers face is the need for continual improvement and development .
The industry and technology can change very quickly and staying on top of things and working to improve your skills is necessary in order to have a successful career in web design .
Fortunately , learning and improving will naturally occur to some degree as you continue to work on different projects and in different scenarios , but there will be times when you will have to make an effort to work on your own development .
In this post we ’ll look at 10 keys to growth as a designer .
This list and discussion should serve as a reference or guide for any designer that wants to improve .
Focus on these areas and you will become a better designer .
Please share your own thoughts and experiences in the comments .
1. Solid Foundation of Knowledge
There are plenty of different things for aspiring and improving designers to learn , and more than enough resources and tutorials to make it happen .
One of the temptations is to jump ahead and try to learn too many specifics before having a firm grasp on the essential fundamentals of web design .
Some tools , such as Adobe Dreamweaver , can lead designers to think that they do n’t need to be proficient in HTML and CSS .
However , having a solid knowledge of HTML and CSS , plus basic design principles , is necessary and trying to learn too many other things at once can lead to confusion .
If you have not already reached this point , make it a priority to attain the foundational knowledge first before you try to build on it .
2. Tools for Learning
Many designers are completely self taught , and even those that have a formal education in design will have the need to continue to learn on their own .
Fortunately , there are plenty of great resources and tools for learning .
This includes countless books that can be purchased or borrowed from a library , and of course the huge number of tutorials that are posted on websites and blogs that cover all aspects of design and development .
The tools for learning are readily available , it is just up to the designer who wants to learn to choose an area for improvement and to find the appropriate resources and tools to accommodate this .
3. Priority on Learning and Development
Most designers are extremely busy with client projects , finding new business , networking , and managing their business .
Unfortunately , scheduling time for learning new things usually gets sacrificed .
Designers who want to continue to improve their skills and stay on top of the industry will need to prioritize their own development , even if it means giving up some time that could be used for other purposes .
Fortunately , there are a number of different ways that you can learn and work to improve your skills .
It may involve simply setting aside some time to read books occasionally or to work through online tutorials .
Also , taking projects that will stretch your abilities and give you the opportunity to learn new things is another option .
If taking paid client work is n’t an option for you , there are always opportunities to do volunteer ( or discounted ) work for non-profits that will give you the opportunity to work on something specific .
Another option , and one that I like to use , is working on projects of your own .
We ’ll discuss this topic more in just a moment .
4. Feedback from Clients
One of the best ways to learn about the work that you are doing is to listen to feedback from your clients and see how they feel about your work .
Ultimately , the client ’s opinion is what matters the most , so make sure that you take the time to get feedback from them about your work , the process of completing the site , and the service that they received from you .
Feedback from clients can help you to identify your strengths as well as areas that you could possibly improve upon .
5. Constructive Criticism
Taking criticism is n’t always easy , but it can be key to improvement and growth as a designer .
Constructive criticism will not simply say that a piece needs work or is n’t very good , but it will point out specific areas that could be improved , which helps you to see what you ’ll need to do in order to be more effective .
Constructive criticism can come from clients , from visitors , or from other designers .
Andrew Follett wrote a post a few weeks ago for DesignM.ag , 10 Rules and Resources for Better Design Feedback .
That post includes several excellent resources , including Concept Feedback , that will be of great help to you if you are looking to get some constructive criticism .
6. Effective Sources of Inspiration
Designers rely on inspiration for helping to improve their creativity and spark their ideas .
There are tons of resources available for online design inspiration , such as CSS galleries and design blogs .
Additionally , designers should have some variety in their sources of inspiration .
Rather than relying strictly on getting inspired by other websites that you find at design galleries , take the time to look for inspiration in other sources like magazines and other printed works , photographs , nature , and anything else that is around you .
I wrote a post a few months ago at Vandelay Design that covered the topic of maintaining an inspiration notebook that you can turn to in times when you are looking for some creativity .
7. Experimentation on Your Own
Earlier we looked at the need to prioritize learning and development .
One of my favorite ways to work on learning something new is to set aside time for personal projects .
If you want to learn something specific but you do n’t have any clients who are looking for this type of work , why not just do it on your own ?
This could apply to just about anything .
If you want to learn how to work with WordPress you could create a blog or website powered by WordPress .
If you want to learn more about a specific shopping cart or e-commerce CMS , you could take time to work on designing and developing a theme to use for yourself or to give away .
With personal projects you can pick and choose what you want to learn .
The things you learn will be applicable to real - world situations , and you ’ll probably have fun doing it .
One of the biggest challenges is just finding the time to do this type of experimentation .
For me it helps to build this in to my schedule rather than seeing it as something that I will do in my “ free time , ” because if that is the case it probably will never happen .
8. Mentors to Follow
I believe that having mentors or designers that you look up to can also be a help to your own development .
In some cases your mentor may be someone that you know personally or that you even work with , but in other cases it could simply be a designer that you like to follow .
You can find a designer whose work you appreciate and respect , and make an effort to follow them closely .
One example of how you can follow someone is graphic designer and blogger David Airey .
I ’ve followed David ’s blog for a long time and one of the great things about it is that he covers his design process for client projects in detail .
He ’ll post his sketches of logo designs and explain the thought process behind the decisions and gives a general overview of how the project progressed ( for one example , see Vissumo brand identity design ) .
This is very valuable insight into the logic of a talented designer , and it can be helpful for your own work .
I believe that having some successful designers to follow can be a resource and an encouragement for aiding in your own growth as a designer .
9. Taking Risks
Particularly when you are experimenting or working on personal projects , I think it ’s good to try new things and take some risks with your design .
What I mean by this is that you step outside of the box of what you are comfortable with .
Many designers have a particular style that usually turn to with their projects , but making an effort to break from the norm and try something completely different can be a great exercise for learning new things .
Practice is great , but if all of your working is taking the same path and leading to similar results , mix it up and try something new .
You may come up with some things that really do n’t work very well , but you ’re also likely to surprise yourself at times with results that you did n’t know you were capable of .
10 . Focus on Improvement Rather Than Perfection
All designers , even those who have years of experience , have new things to learn and room for improvement in their work .
Rather than expecting perfection in your work , focus on continually improving your skills and becoming a better designer over a period of time .
As long as you are improving , you are moving in the right direction .
Expecting too much at once can lead to discouragement and a lack of confidence in your abilities .
What ’s Your Experience ?
How do you meet the challenge of continual development ?
For related content please see :
PLEASE NOTE :
We are unable to offer transcripts for our programme interviews .
Today is broadcast live and the running order is subject to change .
Hundreds of people are feared dead after a powerful earthquake struck Haiti , causing massive damage across the country .
And internet giant Google says it may end its operations in China after hackers targeted the e-mail accounts of Chinese human rights activists .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
0709
A 7.0 - magnitude earthquake has struck Haiti , the strongest quake to hit the country for more than two centuries .
Thousands of people are feared dead and injured .
Eyewitnesses say a hospital on the outskirts of the capital , Port - au - Prince , has collapsed , along with the presidential palace .
Dr Roger Musson , head of seismic hazard at the British Geological Survey in Edinburgh , examines the cause of the quake .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
0712
The Conservatives are calling for changes to labelling on alcoholic drinks .
They say the current approach of using alcohol units is widely misunderstood , and want it replaced with centilitres .
Shadow Secretary of State for Health , Andrew Lansley , discusses the policy .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
0717
Has your car had an MOT test lately ?
The pass rate of some of the most popular cars driven by UK motorists , including Vauxhall Corsas and Ford Mondeos , have a failure rate of 20 - 24 % , twice as high as some other brands .
The data was uncovered by the BBC under a freedom of information request .
James Ruppert , special correspondent for Autocar magazine and Martin Rosenbaum , BBC freedom of information expert , discuss the variations in MOT pass rate .
0720
Business news with Adam Shaw .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
0723
A fundraising campaign to raise more than £ 3 m to buy the hoard of Anglo - Saxon gold unearthed last year is being launched .
The fund will be used to give the treasure a permanent home in the West Midlands .
Phil Mackie reports on the campaign , and historian David Starkey discuses the gold 's historic value .
0726
The sports news with Garry Richardson .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
0733
The internet giant Google has said it might pull out of China , after hackers tried to access the googlemail accounts of human rights campaigners in the country .
The company says it is no longer willing to operate under restrictions , in line with a deal with the government .
Peter Barron , Google 's director of communications and public affairs for North and Central Europe , discusses the Chinese internet restrictions .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
0737
Talks over the devolution of policing and justice powers in Northern Ireland are at a " sensitive and serious stage " , the leader of Sinn Fein , Gerry Adams , has warned .
Months of talks have so far failed , and revelations of the DUP leader , Peter Robinson's , family problems has increased pressure for his party to reach a deal with Sinn Fein .
Mr Adams himself has faced accusations of covering up the extent of his involvement with his brother , who is wanted by the police service on child abuse charges .
Sarah Montague investigates how Mr Adams is viewed in Northern Ireland .
0744
The paper review .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
0747
Small birds and wildlife are struggling to find food and water in the cold and icy conditions .
Stephen Moss , reporter for BBC's Snow Watch , discusses how birds are faring in the big freeze .
0749
Thought for the day with the writer , Rhidian Brook .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
0752
The armed forces may have to shrink by a fifth , a Royal United Services Institute ( Rusi ) review into defence spending has found .
The suggested cuts form a long line of public sector reviews in light of the recession .
The report 's author , Professor Malcolm Chalmers , discusses the future of defence policy .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
0810
Hundreds of people are feared dead after an earthquake measuring 7.0 on the richter scale struck off the coast of Haiti .
Eyewitnesses say a hospital on the outskirts of the capital and the presidential palace , have collapsed .
Rescue efforts have begun to try and find survivors and help the injured .
Nan Buzard , head of international disaster response at the American Red Cross , discusses the rescue effort in a country plagued by poverty .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
0821
Alastair Campbell , Tony Blair 's former director of communications , has told the Chilcott Inquiry that there was no " precipitate rush to war " during the build up to the Iraq invasion .
Mr Campbell also revealed that Mr Blair had written privately to President Bush , promising Britain 's support in the event of military action .
Anthony Seldon , Tony Blair 's biographer , and David Clark , foreign office press officer to Robin Cook , debate Mr Campbell 's evidence .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
0828
Musician Robert Wyatt guest edited the Today programme on New Year 's Day .
One of his items asked amateur choirs to send the sound of their song to the Today programme .
Since then we have been inundated with requiems , carols , and folk songs .
0832
The sports news with Garry Richardson .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
0839
An interim chairman for the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs is to be announced , following the sacking of Professor David Nutt .
Professor Nutt was fired by Home Secretary Alan Johnson after disagreements with government policy on the classification of drugs .
Colin Blakemore , professor of neuroscience at Oxford University and former chief executive of the Medical Research Council , examines whether the new chair will have more freedom .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
0842
There are tough choices to be made in public spending to reduce the treasury 's £ 178bn budget deficit .
One area that is likely to come under scrutiny is the defence budget .
Both Labour and the Conservatives have promised a defence spending review if they are elected .
Today the Royal United Service Institute has published a paper warning that frontline forces will have to fall by a fifth .
Sir Menzies Campbell , former Liberal Democrat leader , examines public spending .
0846
Business news with Adam Shaw .
0849
The T S Eliot Prize for Poetry awards the author of the best new collection of poetry published in the UK and Ireland .
In the second reading poet Jane Draycott reads her shortlisted poem .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
0851
An investigation by the Today programme into a Chinook helicopter crash in 1994 , revealed that there were serious concerns about computer software used to control the engines .
A bitter debate has now ensued in the letters pages of the national newspapers .
Reporter Angus Stickler has been unpicking the detail .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
0855
The number and variety of plant and animal species is under threat .
The United Nations has declared 2010 The International Year of Biodiversity , and scientists are meeting at the Royal Society to discuss how science can best respond to the threat posed by the loss of animals and plants that provide useful services by pollinating crops , cleaning water or capturing carbon dioxide .
Professor Lord Robert May , former president of the Royal Society , discusses the decline in bio-diversity .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China widened its attack against U.S. criticisms of Internet censorship on Monday , raising the stakes in a dispute that has put Google in the middle of a political quarrel between the two global powers .
China has defended its curbs on the Internet nearly two weeks after the world ’s biggest search engine provider , Google Inc. , threatened to shut down its Chinese Google .cn site after a severe hacking attack from within China .
The dispute could narrow room for Beijing and Washington to back down quietly and focus on other disputes such as trade , currency , human rights and U.S. weapons sales to Taiwan .
“ The more this case takes on high - level political import for the Chinese government , the more likely it is to stick to its guns , ” said David Wolf , president of Wolf Group Asia , an advisory firm covering Chinese media and telecommunications .
“ The Chinese government ca n’t be seen as backing down on such a fundamental issue , ” said Wolf .
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton last week urged China and other authoritarian nations to pull down Internet censorship , prompting scathing commentary in Chinese papers .
The White House backed Google , while China accuses Washington of using the Internet for its own aims .
“ This year , we ’re seeing problems over trade , the Dalai Lama , and U.S. weapons sales to Taiwan coming to the surface , ” said Jin Canrong , an international relations expert at Renmin University .
“ The politicization and ideological turn of the Google case could make it more difficult to work together .
The basic need for cooperation , economically and diplomatically , has n’t changed , but each of these issues could disrupt cooperation from day to day . ”
In coming months , U.S. President Barack Obama may meet the Dalai Lama , Tibet ’s exiled Buddhist leader who Beijing considers a separatist .
Washington has also unveiled arms sales to Taiwan , the self - ruled island Beijing regards as a renegade province .
In Riyadh , the CEO of Cisco Systems Inc , John Chambers , told reporters he was optimistic that Google ’s dispute in China would be resolved through “ give and take .
Chinese Human Rights
Defenders said its website and four other activist sites were hit by denial of service attacks on Jan 23 - 24 .
It called the Chinese government the most likely culprit .
DEFENSE
China ’s State Council Information
Office said the nation “ bans using the Internet to subvert state power and wreck national unity , to incite ethnic hatred and division , to promote cults and to distribute content that is pornographic , salacious , violent or terrorist . ”
" China has an ample legal basis for punishing such harmful content , and there is no room for doubting this .
This is completely different from so - called restriction of Internet freedom , " an unnamed spokesperson said in comments issued on the central government 's website ( www.gov.cn).
Although the comments made no direct mention of Google or Clinton , the State Council Information Office is the cabinet arm of China ’s propaganda apparatus , steered by the Communist Party , and is one of several agencies behind Internet policy .
China ’s Education Ministry published a notice on Monday reminding schools they should be monitoring and filtering web content , as well as teaching “ Internet morality . ”
A man walks past a logo of Google China in front of its headquarters in Beijing , January 22 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Jason Lee
China ’s Ministry of Industry and Information Technology rejected suggestions the government was behind the sophisticated hacker attacks described by Google .
China has jailed dissidents and Tibetan activists who used the Internet to challenge Communist Party policies and one - party rule .
Prominent dissident , Liu Xiaobo , was jailed for 11 years in December on charges of “ inciting subversion , ” largely through essays he published on overseas Internet sites .
The Communist Party mouthpiece , the People ’s Daily , on Sunday said United States used social media like Twitter and YouTube , to foment Iran unrest .
Both are blocked in China .
On Monday , the paper called Washington hypocritical , noting U.S. laws restrict images and words that can be seen by children .
“ This ‘ Internet freedom ’ that is being promoted everywhere is nothing more than a foreign policy tool , a fantasy of freedom , ” said a commentary in the paper .
Google said it will negotiate for an unfiltered search engine , but firms in sensitive sectors like the Internet or media find politics are never far from the negotiating table .
“ Google may look back and see it pursued an ill - advised course by bringing in the U.S. government in such high - profile way , ” said Wolf , the industry consultant .
A 16 - year - old romantic , looking for comfort and kinship online , meets an older woman who shares his love of role - playing video games .
He does n't fit in at school , she 's disenchanted with her marriage .
They connect through World of Warcraft , in the fantasy world of Azeroth .
For the next year , as their Internet courtship goes on , he 's looking for a simpatico soulmate ; she 's looking for , what ?
Escape ?
Their role - playing romances blur into reality when the woman flies across the continent to meet the boy , who , both enthralled and defiant , disobeys his parents and runs off with his elder admirer for a romantic rendezvous .
On one hand , it 's the stuff of schoolboy fantasy .
But for the family of Andrew Kane , the Barrie teen who ran away on a two - day sojourn with a 42 - year - old Texas woman , it was a living nightmare .
" I do n't know how to explain it to you , but perhaps this will show you not only the commitment we have to each other , but also that your fears of her are ill - found , " Andrew wrote to his mother in a letter left behind in the boy 's bedroom .
Heartfelt and earnest , the letter acknowledges his mother 's fears and pleads for understanding .
" This letter tells me he 's concerned that I 'm going to be worried , " said Marlene Kane , the boy 's mother .
She found the note shortly after hearing the front door of the family home close around 1:50 a.m. Wednesday .
She ran , frantic , shouting her son's name up and down the dark and empty streets .
Barrie police asked for the public 's help to locate the teen , who was believed to be with a woman named Lauri Price , a married , mother of four from Houston , Tex .
They alleged Price rented a gold 2009 Toyota Corolla from Pearson airport on Monday and drove to Barrie to meet the boy the next day .
The pair were located Thursday at an Orillia movie theatre .
" She was under the impression he was 20 , " said Barrie Police Sgt. Robert McLeod , adding that Andrew apparently lied about his age and Price only became aware of it after being informed by police .
Both Andrew and Price were cooperative McLeod said , and no charges will be laid in the case .
Kane , a stay - at - home mom who , at 43 , is a year older than the woman with whom her son was linked , sounded exhausted and desperate Thursday afternoon , a few hours before Andrew was found .
She said she became aware of the online relationship in September 2008 after reading chat logs .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" We 've talked to Andrew about it many , many times and discussed the dangers of Internet relationships , " she said .
" We got him into counselling , but he said she was his soulmate . "
Kane said she and her husband , Gerard , did everything they could to discourage the relationship , but nothing worked .
Tuesday evening , around 5 p.m. , Kane said Andrew asked her and his father to drive him to Midland – about 55 kilometres north of Barrie – to meet Price , who he said had travelled from Houston to see him .
" He did n't try to hide it at all , " his mother said , adding she kept open lines of communication with him .
It 's not a crime for a 16 - year - old to have a relationship with a 42 - year - old , " but the circumstances are certainly unsavoury , at least from a moral standpoint , " said Sgt. Robert Allan , of the Barrie Police .
Price apparently has a history of online relationships .
Brian Stewart , of New York , said he had an online relationship with her over the same Warcraft game in 2008 , but never met her in person .
" She was very sexual , emotional and `clingy ' during our months of in - game contact , " Stewart wrote in an email to the Star .
Attempts to reach Price were unsuccessful .
With files from Gail Swainson and Tamara Baluja
Grisly trophies from Yale University ’s mysterious Skull and Bones society , whose members include former president George W. Bush , are to go on auction in New York this month .
The human skull and two large bones are estimated to sell for between 10,000 and 20,000 dollars on January 22 at Christie’s .
The auction house said the human remains were used as a ballot box by the secret society .
The skull includes a specially cut lid in the top — apparently for ballots — and one of the bones is inscribed “ THOR . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The auction lot also comes with a black book listing names of Skull and Bones members back in 1831 - 1877 .
“ The ballot box and documents offer a rare glimpse into an organization in which membership has evolved into a closely guarded secret , ” Christie ’s said .
Members , dubbed “ Bonesmen , ” have included Bush and his father , who also served as president , Senator John Kerry , the late conservative writer William F. Buckley , Jr , and a number of major businessmen such as Averell Harriman and H.J. Heinz II .
The society , joined by leading students at the university and which is said to maintain bizarre initiation rites , was founded at Yale in 1832 .
Women were admitted for the first time in the 1990s .
Prospective buyers can learn more at Christies .
Two interesting pieces of news concerning the prison camp at Guantanamo Bay :
The first is a report from the Pentagon that about one in five detainees who have been released from Gitmo have joined ( or are suspected of joining ) militant groups like al Qaeda .
This includes two released prisoners who went on to help plan the Christmas day underwear bomb attack .
So , if 20 % of the released prisoners “ go back ” to belonging to a terrorist organization , does that mean that 80 % of the “ terrorists ” at Gitmo are innocent ?
Or even worse , was Gitmo ’s main outcome the creation of new terrorists ?
But the second article is the real stunner , about a macabre reunion of sorts after a former prison guard at Gitmo , Brandon Neely , contacted two former prisoners to apologize after he was haunted by their poor treatment .
The BBC invited Neely to fly to London , where he met with the former prisoners ( who are both British subjects ) to ask for their forgiveness .
Says Neely :
The news would always try to make Guantanamo into this great place , like ‘ they [ prisoners ] were treated so great ’ .
No it was n’t .
You know here I was basically just putting innocent people in cages .
The reunion will be televised tonight on BBC Two .
14 Jan
The Oatmeal has to be one of the most unique , unusual and hilarious masterpieces on the Internet at the moment .
I had the great opportunity to speak with the genius behind it , Matthew Inman .
What a nice guy .
Check out the video to find out where Matthew gets his inspiration , what his favourite dinosaur is and his opinion on Deep Impact vs Armageddon .
Some links from the Video :
The Oatmeal
Perry Bible Fellowship
5 Reasons Pigs are more awesome than you
Ten words you need to stop misspelling
The Motherfucking Pterodactyl
How a web design goes straight to hell
A Better Life : An Exploration of Joy & Meaning in a World Without God with author Chris Johnson
February 8 , 2016 at 1 PM – 4 PM Drexel University Main Building Curtis 340
The Drexel Freethought Society is proud to host Chris Johnson for a viewing of his film ‘ A Better Life : An Exploration of Joy & Meaning in a World Without God ’ based on his book of the same name .
Chris Johnson is a New York - based photographer and filmmaker .
He received his undergraduate degree in film production ( along with a minor in religious studies ) from Concordia University in Montreal , Quebec .
His photography has been seen in various outlets , including The New York Times .
He has spent the last three years working on A Better Life , traveling across the United States , Canada , the UK , Ireland , and other countries .
Apart from his own film and photographic work , he has also collaborated with artists and directors in various roles and capacities from assistant director and stage manager , for theatre , film , and print .
For the book and film of A Better Life , he interviewed many prominent atheist figures such as Richard Dawkins , Steven Pinker , Dan Dennett , Derren Brown , Pat Churchland , Julia Sweeney , Penn & Teller , and many more .
He has given talks on atheism and his work at the Humanist Community at Harvard , New York Society for Ethical Culture , PA State Atheist / Humanist Conference , Sunday Assembly – New York , the Atheist Community of Austin , Freedom from Religion Foundation Annual Conference , and more .
In addition , he has also been a guest on various podcasts and TV shows such as The Humanist Hour , Atheist Airwaves , The Phil Ferguson show , The Atheist Experience , and Pivot TV’s TakePart Live .
Chris is the recipient of the Kodak Award for Excellence in Filmmaking as well as the B.F. Lorenzetti Scholarship for Excellence in Filmmaking .
There is no God .
Now what ?
If this is the only life we have , how does that affect how we lives our lives , how we treat each other , and cope with death .
As a follow - up to one of Kickstarter ’s most successful publishing projects , photographer and filmmaker Chris Johnson introduces us to some of the many voices from his book .
In this fascinating documentary — learn the stories behind the book in interviews with some of our greatest thinkers .
Join Chris as he explores issues of joy & meaning and travels around the globe meeting people from all walks of life and backgrounds who challenge the false stereotypes of atheists as immoral and evil .
From Daniel Dennett and A.C. Grayling , to Julia Sweeney and Robert Llewellyn — learn the various ways many atheists have left religion to a better life filled with love , compassion , hope , and wonder !
— David McDevitt , President of the Freethought Society
The consumption of wild cereals among prehistoric hunters and gatherers appears to be far more ancient than previously thought , according to a University of Calgary archaeologist who has found the oldest example of extensive reliance on cereal and root staples in the diet of early Homo sapiens more than 100,000 years ago .
Julio Mercader , holder of the Canada Research Chair in Tropical Archaeology in the U of C's Department of Archaeology , recovered dozens of stone tools from a deep cave in Mozambique showing that wild sorghum , the ancestor of the chief cereal consumed today in sub-Saharan Africa for flours , breads , porridges and alcoholic beverages , was in Homo sapiens ' pantry along with the African wine palm , the false banana , pigeon peas , wild oranges and the African " potato . "
This is the earliest direct evidence of humans using pre-domesticated cereals anywhere in the world .
Mercader 's findings are published in the December 18 issue of the research journal Science .
" This broadens the timeline for the use of grass seeds by our species , and is proof of an expanded and sophisticated diet much earlier than we believed , " Mercader said .
" This happened during the Middle Stone Age , a time when the collecting of wild grains has conventionally been perceived as an irrelevant activity and not as important as that of roots , fruits and nuts . "
In 2007 , Mercader and colleagues from Mozambique 's University of Eduardo Mondlane excavated a limestone cave near Lake Niassa that was used intermittently by ancient foragers over the course of more than 60,000 years .
Deep in this cave , they uncovered dozens of stone tools , animal bones and plant remains indicative of prehistoric dietary practices .
The discovery of several thousand starch grains on the excavated plant grinders and scrapers showed that wild sorghum was being brought to the cave and processed systematically .
" It has been hypothesized that starch use represents a critical step in human evolution by improving the quality of the diet in the African savannas and woodlands where the modern human line first evolved .
This could be considered one of the earliest examples of this dietary transformation , " Mercader said .
" The inclusion of cereals in our diet is considered an important step in human evolution because of the technical complexity and the culinary manipulation that are required to turn grains into staples . "
Mercader said the evidence is on par with grass seed use by hunter - gatherers in many parts of the world during the closing stages of the last Ice Age , approximately 12,000 years ago .
In this case , the trend dates back to the beginnings of the Ice Age , some 90,000 years earlier .
Mercader 's work was supported by the Canada Research Chairs program , Canada Foundation for Innovation , the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada , the U of C's Faculty of Social Science and the National Geographic Society .
Feeling the Heat Climate Change Has Become a Reality for Germany
For Germans gobal warming is no longer just about stranded polar bears and dying coral reefs .
These days , millions of people are feeling the heat of climate change at home .
The effects are becoming more drastic and rapid .
Von Jochen Bölsche
v.Kash
Evan “ v. Kash ” Lukash has honed his skills as a visual projection artist for over a decade in the Boston area .
During that time , v. Kash ’s ability to perform live manipulation of visuals to enhance the crowd experience has grown along with the demand for his performances .
He has worked with such national and international acts as Avicii , the Crystal Method , Jonathan Davis of Korn , and Roni Size , while maintaining residencies at Dancing on the Charles , The Middle East , Sonia , and Elements ( America ’s longest running drum and bass weekly ) .
v.Kash prepares a video palette to fit the musical act and venue , ensuring the proper visual accompaniment .
He takes time to curate ( and often create ) video implements which he then uses as if they are notes on a piano , in order to create a visual symphony on any surfaces available .
v. Kash is no stranger to screen projection , multi- screen displays , and projection mapping 3D surfaces , from stage backdrops , including self - fabricated pieces , to building facades .
Creating the right mood through live visual manipulation to accentuate the music is the essence of v.Kash ’s performance .
Always looking to incorporate new ideas into his work , v. Kash has added body painting , graffiti , and virtual reality to some performances in order to complete an all - encompassing audio- visual experience .
v.Kash has worked with local production companies including Beandream Productions and NV Concepts , as well as larger companies including RedBull , to tailor his visual performances to fit each crowd .
v. Kash ’s visuals have supported charity fundraisers , local musicians , and major touring acts across New England , and he has toured the East Coast , California , and London .
The Tasmanian devil , the spaniel - size marsupial found on the Australian island of Tasmania , has been hurtling toward extinction in recent years , the victim of a bizarre and mysterious facial cancer that spreads like a plague .
Now Australian scientists say they have discovered how the cancer originated .
The finding , being reported Friday in the journal Science , sheds light on how cancer cells can sometimes liberate themselves from the hosts where they first emerged .
On a more practical level , it also opens the door to devising vaccines that could save the Tasmanian devils .
“ It ’s a great paper , ” said Katherine Belov , a geneticist at the University of Sydney who was not involved in the study .
“ Previously , we were stumbling in the dark . ”
The cancer , devil ’s facial tumor disease , is transmitted when the animals bite one another ’s faces during fights .
It grows rapidly , choking off the animal ’s mouth and spreading to other organs .
The disease has wiped out 60 percent of all Tasmanian devils since it was first observed in 1996 , and some ecologists predict that it could obliterate the entire wild population within 35 years .
Ten Afghan civilians - including nine schoolchildren - who died in an attack in eastern Kunar province were killed by US troops , an Afghan MP claims .
Gulhar Jalal , investigating Saturday 's incident for the Afghan government , said they were killed as they slept .
Hundreds of students joined protests against the deaths on Wednesday in neighbouring Nangahar province .
A coalition spokesman confirmed the operation and that some were killed , but denied they were civilians .
He said the incident was part of a joint operation alongside Afghan troops against an insurgent network that had been tracked for some time .
Impossible to verify
Troops found weapons and bomb components inside a house , the spokesman said , insisting that those killed were insurgents - not schoolchildren .
However Ms Jalal blamed US forces for launching an assault based on dubious intelligence .
" The Americans did n't co-ordinate with the Afghan government at all and relied on what their own intelligence sources told them , " she said .
" They need to talk to the government and to local elders when they get such information beforehand , rather than just rely on spies who are being paid a few hundred dollars . "
President Hamid Karzai has condemned the incident .
The BBC's Peter Greste in Kabul says it is impossible to verify either account .
He says it is possible that both are broadly correct - and that the victims might well have been school students , but that they helped the insurgency .
Kunar province is remote , snowbound and dominated by the Taliban , so the investigation into Saturday 's incident was always expected to be difficult .
Civilian deaths at the hands of foreign troops have led to widespread anger among Afghans .
President Karzai has previously said such deaths are damaging to the fight against militancy .
Section 2711 ( ANNUAL LIMITS FIXED ) - Annual limits are now banned after 2014 , and before then , shall be set at a limit that does n't impair " essential " health care services .
This is a huge improvement over Reid 's original draft of the bill , that only banned " unreasonable " annual limits ( without defining such term ) .
By the time the exchanges are set up , there wo n't be any annual limits on qualified health care plans .
SEC .
2711 .
NO LIFETIME OR ANNUAL LIMITS .
( a) PROHIBITION . —
(1) IN GENERAL .
— A group health plan and a health insurance issuer offering group or individual health insurance coverage may not establish —
( A ) lifetime limits on the dollar value of benefits for any participant or beneficiary ; or
( B) except as provided in paragraph ( 2 ) [ describing pre-2014 annual limits ] , annual limits on the dollar value of benefits for any participant or beneficiary .
Section 2718 ( 80%/85 % MEDICAL LOSS RATIOS ) - Medical loss ratios are set at 85 % in the large group market and 80 % in the small group / individual market ( down from 90 % initially floated by Rockefeller ) , with consumers refunded the difference from any health insurance provider that does n't spend the required amount on medical coverage .
Section 2719 ( MEDICAL DENIALS ) - Stronger appeals process provided for medical denials , with the Secretary of HHS authorized to review such processes .
Section 1303 ( STATE OPT - OUT OF ABORTION COVERAGE !!)
-
States may prohibit abortion coverage on plans offered through the exchange !
Section 1334 ( PUBLIC OPTION ... WE HARDLY KNEW YOU ) -
The public option is scrapped and replaced with OPM - negotiated private , non-profit ( read : Blue Cross / Blue Shield ) " multi- state " plans , which are also subject to state regulation ?
OPM 's role is limited to negotiating and certifying plans that meet its qualifications with respect to : ( 1 ) medical - loss ratios , ( 2 ) profit margins , ( 3 ) premiums charged , and ( 4 ) all other terms and conditions .
In theory , the OPM director could establish greater consumer protections than are required elsewhere on the exchange .
That 's in theory , though .
In reality , he 'll probably just negotiate a standard - issue plan with similar protections provided elsewhere on the exchanges .
People in this plan are NOT in the FEHBP risk pool , so there goes those cost savings .
Apparently if insurers declined to participate , there 's no fallback ?
This is the most interesting provision of this section , dealing with state regulation of these multi-state OPM plans :
( b) ELIGIBILITY .
— A health insurance issuer shall be eligible to enter into a contract under subsection ( a ) ( 1 ) if such issuer —
( 1 ) agrees to offer a multi-State qualified health plan that meets the requirements of subsection ( c ) in each Exchange in each State ;
( 2 ) is licensed in each State and is subject to all requirements of State law not inconsistent with this section , including the standards and requirements that a State imposes that do not prevent the application of a requirement of part A of title XXVII of the Public Health Service
Act or a requirement of this title ;
Since the referenced section only refers to OPM standards with respect to these plans , these " multi- state " plans are NOT the same as the nationwide " race to the bottom " plans that were contained in the underlying Senate bill .
Jon Walker at FireDogLake is reporting that this provision replaces the " nationwide plans " that would 've gutted state insurance regulations .
My reading is the OPM public option replacement will still be licensed and subject to BOTH state and federal regulation ( whichever is more stringent ) .
So although this provision seems fairly weak as a replacement for the public option , it 's not worse than nothing - it will depend on how strongly OPM chooses to regulate .
Note that OPM 's standards must be at least as generous as those on the rest of the exchange ( the bronze , silver , gold , and platinum actuarial standards ) and it must cover all the essential health services required under the Act ( ambulatory , hospitalization , prescription drugs , etc. ) .
Section 10108 ( LIMITED FREE CHOICE ... JUST NOT FOR ABORTION ) -
Free choice vouchers :
It would seem Reid has accepted a very limited version of the Wyden amendment .
Employees can receive a voucher in the amount of the employer 's contribution to their health care plan .
But there are very strict income and employee contribution requirements :
Applies to employees whose employer pays for any portion of qualifying coverage AND whose contribution is between 8 to 9.8 % of household income , with household income below 400 % FPL .
This seems to be aimed at people who would be in the top tier of income for receiving subsidies on the exchange , but would be better off than under their employer - provided plan .
This seems like a very narrow " free choice " provision , no ?
My guess is this is something like a " pilot program " to see how free choice vouchers would impact the employer - provided health care market .
It 's targeted to a group that would be particularly hard - pressed as to affordability under the current bill .
I 'd love to hear other thoughts on this provision .
Section 10201 ( THE NEBRASKA PURCHASE ? ) - Ol '
Benny got some more money for Nebraska Medicaid ( and perhaps certain other rural states will qualify under other provisions ) .
If you want to see some legislative sausage - making , this is hysterical !
Hat tip to tassojunior for spotting this .
(3) Notwithstanding subsection ( b ) and paragraphs ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) of this subsection , the Federal medical assistance percentage otherwise determined under subsection ( b ) with respect to all or any portion of a fiscal year that begins on or after January 1 , 2017 , for the State of Nebraska , with respect to amounts expended for newly eligible individuals described in subclause ( VIII ) of section 1902 ( a ) ( 10 ) ( A ) ( i ) , shall be determined as provided for under subsection ( y ) ( 1 ) ( A ) ( notwithstanding the period provided for in such paragraph ) [ granting additional Nebraska - only funding increases in Medicaid ! ] .
Section 500A ( b ) (1 ) ( INCREASED FINES !!) -
I missed this at first !
The individual mandate penalty is increased from $ 750 per person ( to a max of $ 2,250 ) beginning in 2017 to the lesser of : ( 1 ) the average bronze - level insurance premium ( 60 % actuarial ) for your family ; or ( 2 ) the greater of either ( a ) 2 % of taxable ( gross ) household income beginning in 2016 , or ( b ) $ 495 for each family member not covered , to a maximum of $ 1,980 .
OK , I know that 's super - complicated .
If I 'm translating correctly , households earning more than $ 37,500 will pay more under this penalty scheme , since they 'll be forced to either pay the full price of a bronze - level plan or 2 % of their gross income , which is more than they would have paid previously ( they can't pay the $ 495 flat dollar amount for each individual not covered because they must pay the greater amount based on income ) .
Only households earning less than $ 37,500 will pay a lower fine under this scheme .
If I 'm reading this correctly , these fines are much more troubling than the original Senate bill , and they 'll grow over time with wage and health care inflation .
Since I can't see health care growing slower than wages any time soon , expect the fine to be 2 % of household income for the vast majority .
Hat tip to J M F for pointing out this provision .
Section 500B ( FROM BOTAX TO BOEHNER - TAX ? ) - New 10 % tax on indoor tanning !
Note , this REPLACES the " botax " on elective cosmetic surgery contained in the underlying bill .
Plenty of provisions on tax credits for adoption , help for pregnant teenagers , etc. to discourage abortion ( per compromise ) .
Section 10901 ( CADILLAC TAX ALIVE - FOR NOW ) -
The inaptly named 40 % " Cadillac tax " is still intact , with some additional exceptions for high risk occupations ( longshore workers ? ) .
Now , if I were a cynic , I 'd suspect a provision in the manager 's amendment specifically exempting longshore workers from the tax could be aimed at the lovely Senators from MAINE ... or more probably , West Coast liberals .
I have to believe that this will be the first ( and quite possibly , only ) major change when they go to conference with the House .
The unions and representatives from high - cost states are too opposed to this tax .
And it violates Obama 's campaign pledge against taxing health care benefits .
( He got a lot of mileage beating up on McCain 's health plan for a much more expansive tax on all health benefits ) .
Medicaid expansion still at 133 % FPL .
It goes without saying that there is no expansion of Medicare ( although the Department of Justice is given additional authority to crack down on health care fraud in Section 10606 ) .
Besides the abortion opt - out compromise and dropping both the public option and Medicare expansion , the price of Ben Nelson 's vote also included retaining health insurers ' antitrust exemption .
The high - income payroll tax ( individuals over $ 200,000 and families over $ 250,000 ) that was set to rise 0.5 % is now 0.9 % of income .
I see no changes in the limited ban on preexisting conditions ( which does not include age or smoking , which are allowable bases for limited price discrimination in the underlying bill ) .
UPDATE : Wow first rec'd diary !
Such an achievement ... thanks for the votes :)
The families of British military personnel killed in Iraq condemned Tony Blair 's performance before the Chilcot inquiry today , accusing him of being disrespectful .
One , Theresea Evans , asked the former prime minister to look her in the eye and say sorry for the loss of her son .
Evans , from Llandudno , North Wales – whose 24 - year - old son , Llywelyn , died in a Chinook helicopter crash in 2003 – said : " I would simply like Tony Blair to look me in the eye and say he was sorry .
Instead , he is in there smirking . "
Anne Donnachie , from Reading , Berkshire , whose 18 - year - old son , Paul , was killed by a sniper in 2006 , said she blamed Blair for his death .
" From what I have heard this morning , he is just denying everything , " she said .
" He will just not face up to the facts .
I believe he made a massive mistake when he sent my son to Iraq . "
Sarah Chapman , from Cambridge , whose brother , Sergeant Bob O'Connor , died five years ago , said it would be better if Blair was facing the families rather than sitting with his back to them as witnesses are required to do .
" He is being very adamant about his views , as we expected , but it is clear he did not share all the papers before the invasion with the rest of his cabinet , " she said .
" I am disgusted by that .
It is obvious he acted alone . "
Anti-war protesters outside the inquiry were denied a chance to direct their chants at the former prime minister in person when he used a side entrance to make his way into the inquiry .
When he began giving evidence inside the QEII Centre in Westminster , a building fortified with steel barriers and lines of police , campaigners stopped their chants of " war criminal " , turned their backs and began listening as the names of civilians and military personnel killed in the conflict were read out .
The crowds dissipated at the end of the morning , but numbers were expected to build again towards the end of the afternoon when the session ends and Blair leaves the inquiry .
For many , today will be the last in a line of protests against the Iraq war which began when up to two million people took to the streets to march against the invasion almost seven years ago .
" He [ Blair ] does not have the integrity to come and face the people , " Lindsey German , the convener of the Stop the War Coalition , said .
" Sliding in by a back door entrance is typical of his lies , deceit and evasion . "
Andrew Murray , the chairman of the anti-war group , added : " This cowardly and deceitful entrance is typical of how the former prime minister sold the war to the country – behind the backs of the public . "
Scotland Yard said there were at least 250 protestors and reported that officers had made no arrests .
By 9 am , around 300 mainly older activists had gathered by the building in the cold and rain .
One of the first to arrive , at 7 am , was Noel Hamel , the 67 - year - old chair of the Kingston Peace Council .
He had woken in the early hours in order to get to central London by bus and tube .
A disenfranchised former Labour party member who campaigned for Blair in 1997 , he said : " I was out there knocking on doors , proposing motions .
" I just could n't have imagined a Labour government taking us to a war of this kind while being so deceitful about it . "
As word spread that Blair had already entered the centre , chants of " Tony Blair , to the Hague " began .
Ruby Lescott , another ex-Labour supporter in her 60s , said her " deep - rooted , immovable rage " was not only directed at Blair but also at his closest ministers .
" The cabinet – most of them – were reluctant about [ the war ] , " she added .
" The Labour government has eroded the virtues of our parliamentary system . "
Among the few younger faces in the crowd , Lois Clifton , 19 , and Emma Clewer , an 18 - year - old fellow LSE university student , admitted their attempts to leaflet for the protest had been disappointing .
" We needed more people here , " Clewer said .
" It 's a chance for people to show their anger . "
During the start of the invasion , both were in their early teens and recalled the marches .
" There were a lot of walkouts at school , " Clifton said .
" I was n't as aware as I am now ... but I knew what was happening was wrong . "
A heavy police presence , including officers from the Metropolitan police 's specialist Territorial Support Group , watched from behind barricades surrounding the centre .
As is common at protests , Forward Intelligence Team surveillance officers jotted down notes of what speakers were saying .
TAMPA , Fla .
—Officials in Tennessee want a 90 - year - old Florida woman to turn over a marriage license application filed by legendary Alamo defender Davy Crockett more than two centuries ago .
But the woman 's son , Vance Smith , said the document has been in the family for years .
" She said it was hers and she was n't giving it up , " he said .
Lura Hinchey , archive director for Jefferson County , Tenn. , said the original marriage license application of Crockett and Margaret Elder belongs to the county because it is a permanent record .
On Tuesday , Jefferson County officials filed papers in a Tampa - area court seeking its return .
The historic document is in the possession of Margaret V. Smith , whose son said she inherited it .
" I told her the original belonged to our county because it was one of our permanent records , " Hinchey told The Tampa Tribune .
" She said it belonged to her and she was going to keep it . "
Vance Smith said Tennessee officials did n't ask for the license back until his mother appeared on the TV program " Antiques Roadshow . "
On the show , she told an appraiser her uncle , a Crockett fan , saved the 1805 document from being thrown out as a Tennessee courthouse was being cleaned out .
The appraiser estimated the application was worth $ 25,000 to $ 50,000 .
" They knew she had it because she had loaned them a copy of it , " Vance Smith said .
" They found out it had some significant money value . "
Crockett , a frontiersman , politician and soldier who died at The Alamo , never married Elder .
Apparently , she changed her mind and he soon married another .
Jefferson County officials dispute Smith 's account of how her family came to possess the document , and county historian Robert Jarnagin said other marriage licenses from that era remain on file .
Tennessee officials want a Florida judge to enforce an order issued in November for Margaret V. Smith to return the document .
" The circumstantial evidence is a member of Mrs. Smith 's family took that document , " Tennessee Judge Allen Wallace said at the time .
" The title is in Jefferson County , period .
She 's got to return it . "
------
Information from : The Tampa Tribune , http://www.tampatrib.com
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
NEVER AFTER
I ’m a high - class escort and even blokes in happy marriages WILL stray
YOUNG LOVE
The women marrying Gambian toyboys in ' sex paradise ' - as one ' sends lover £ 54 k '
UP YOUR STREET
Mum revamps ' ugliest house on the street ' & people think she built a new one
SHAME GAME
I was called ‘ disgusting fat pig ’ when I turned bloke down - so I got him fired
NUT JOKE
I 'm a lazy mum & let my son have crisps for lunch - even though his school say no
WELCOME TO GRANBIA Inside Gambia - the sex paradise for grans that makes Magaluf look tame
TRIPLE THREAT
Bloke ends 19 - year marriage so he can date TWO women at the same time
WASH 'N ' LEAVE Mum - of - 4 reveals HUGE lockdown laundry pile that built up over 2 months
ROAR -SOME
Daughters give mum's childish dinosaur room a chic look with B&M & Primark buys
We ( gf and I ) received a package after 11 days in the mail .
We had wondered why it was n't here yet but it 's because it came all the way from Brazil !!
It was covered in Portuguese ( the description of contents was particularly interesting ) .
So we tore it open ( with significant difficulty , have never seen that much tape per square inch of packaging before ) .
First we found a Santa card with a sweet message that said the package included a little touch from Brazil .
In really nice handwriting .
There were three packages all nicely wrapped .
The first one was 3 fotos of our favorite animals !
They are ridiculously cute and extremely nice .
Included with each package was a little card with the Reddit secret santa logo on it .
The next package was a calendaro ( pictures of gorgeous fish !
we love it ; we actually have a saltwater aquarium ) .
It 's also in Portuguese so we have already learned one word : Janeiro !
There were also some super cute cookies !
The third package was really good sweet smelling soap !!
We love our present , it is super thoughtful and also unique .
We 've never got anything from Brazil before and it is awesome !
More than we could have hoped for .
Thank you very much secret santa !
Via Pedestrianist by way of some dude named Brian .
Today , the US Supreme Court gave the US a giant push toward fascism ( a corporatist economic system , which believes that the majority is unsuited to govern itself through democracy ) by declaring that not only do corporations have free speech rights , but that corporations throwing barrels of money at politicians in order to buy legislation is free speech .
This decision throws away decades of legislation and even previous Supreme court decisions that restricted corporate power in politics .
In any sense of the term , this is the epitome of an “ activist court ” that conservatives have complained about so bitterly in the past .
Ironically , it was the five conservative members of the court who are the activists in this case .
Justice Kennedy , writing the ( slim ) majority opinion , equated restricting corporations from giving money to politicians to censorship , saying “ The First Amendment confirms the freedom to think for ourselves . ”
I guess that means that this decision will also strike down laws against bribery and kick backs , too .
Activision says their wildly successful first - person shooter Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 has crossed the $ 1 billion mark in global sales , citing internal estimates .
In its opening month , the game sold 6 million copies in the U.S. alone , according to figures from NPD Group .
" There are only a handful of entertainment properties that have ever reached the $ 1 billion mark , which illustrates the power of the Call of Duty franchise and mass appeal of this game , " says Activision CEO Bobby Kotick in a statement .
Modern Warfare 2 set numerous sales records after launching November 10 .
In the North American and U.K. markets , the game sold 4.7 million on its first day .
Activision revealed the latest installment of the military franchise set an entertainment industry record by raking in $ 550 million in its first five days .
Readers , still playing Modern Warfare 2 ?
By Brett Molina
Nikola Gogic , second right , holds a golden cross after winning the race for the cross in the cold waters of the Danube river in Zemun near the capital Belgrade
Credit : AFP / GETTY
RT Cores O hardware de Ray Tracing dedicado oferece mais de 10 Giga Rays por segundo — até 10X as gerações anteriores .
Isso permite o Ray Tracing em tempo real de objetos e ambientes com sombras , reflexos , refrações e iluminação global fisicamente precisos .
Tensor Cores
A inteligência artificial está impulsionando o maior avanço tecnológico da história , e a arquitetura Turing está levando esse avanço para a computação gráfica .
Experimente a potência do processamento por AI que acelera o desempenho dos games com o NVIDIA DLSS 2.0 .
SHADING DA PRÓXIMA GERAÇÃO
O shading de taxa variável foca o processamento em áreas ricas em detalhes , aumentando o desempenho .
O avançado processamento de geometria de shaders de malha suporta muito mais objetos por cena , permitindo mundos mais complexos .
# 794379 +( 3245 ) - [ X ] < karlmex >
So a friend of mine got back from Amsterdam a few months back , after spending a stint there with a bunch of his mates .
Told me quite possibly one of the funniest stories Ive heard .
They had picked up some shrooms and acid , and decided to take it in the wee hours of the morning , and spend the day exploring the city while they tripped sure enough 20 min into it , one of the group vanishes .
So , after 7 or so hours of struggling to search for their lost friend , they decide itd be best to head back to their hotel , sober up , regroup , and go looking when the gears worn off and theyd be of more use .
< tubs > lol k
< karlmex >
Anyway , upon arrival at the hotel , surprise suprise they find their friend standing in the lobby , dazed and staring at the ceiling muttering to himself .
Understandably they were all pissed off with him for making them worry and bringing their trip down as a result of their half assed search .
However all the friend can reply with is  this fucking town is full of gremlins !
They tried to calm him down and tell him that it was the acid making him hallucinate , to which he replied  I knew youd say that so I captured one and locked it in the bathroom 
< tubs > lol ?
< karlmex > as youd expect they thought he was losing the plot , but he insisted they come to his room and look for themselves .
So , they head to the room , and sure enough , the bathroom door is baracaded shut with chairs , lamps , mattress and the bed they 're getting a little worried now , so they cautiously move the furniture away and inch the door open
< tubs > and ??
< karlmex > ... Laying on the floor is a 10 year old kid with Down syndrome grinning ear to ear .
< tubs > lol dude that 's fucked up
< karlmex >
The mate had come across one of those outing groups or retarded kids - freaked out , balled up one of those poor little bastards carried him back to the room and locked him in the bathroom for proof
< tubs > lol god man
< karlmex > anyway , luckily the kid had one of those ID cards saying hi my name is Ted , I live at blah blah  lol so yea , took the poor kid to the lobby , called the cops and did a runner before they arrived lol .
Jonah Lehrer enjoyed Avatar :
At its core , movies are about dissolution : we forget about ourselves and become one with the giant projected characters on the screen .
In other words , they become our temporary avatars , so that we 're inseparable from their story .
( This is one of the reasons why the Avatar plot is so effective : it 's really a metaphor for the act of movie - watching . *)
And for a mind that 's so relentlessly self - aware , I 'd argue that 100 minutes of self - forgetting ( as indicated by a quieting of the prefrontal cortex ) is a pretty nice cognitive vacation .
And Avatar , through a variety of technical mechanisms - from the astonishing special effects to the straightforward story to the use of 3 - D imagery - manages to induce those " synchronized spatiotemporal patterns " to an unprecedented degree .
That is what the movies are all about , and that is what Avatar delivers .
Eel populations in the river
Thames have crashed by 98 % in just five years , scientists warned today .
The eel , which has been a traditional east London dish for centuries , now appears to be vanishing from the capital 's river , according to researchers from the Zoological Society of London ( ZSL ) .
Each year , ZSL's Tidal Thames Conservation Project places eel traps in a number of the river 's tributaries , to catch the fish and allow scientists to record numbers before setting them free .
While 1,500 were captured in the traps in 2005 , just 50 were recorded last year .
The eels are thought to take up to three years migrating as larvae from the Sargasso Sea to European rivers , where they spend up to 20 years before making the 4,000 - mile return journey across the Atlantic to spawn and die .
But conservationists are concerned the species is not returning to the Thames , or is facing problems in the river and its tributaries .
European eels and flounders were the first species to recolonise the Thames estuary after it was considered " biologically dead " in the 1960s , and there are fears the rapid collapse of the eel population could have knock - on effects for other species in the still - fragile ecosystem .
Other rivers in the UK are also seeing declines in eel populations , ZSL said .
Dr Matthew Gollock , tidal Thames conservation project manager , said : " Eels are mysterious creatures at the best of times but we are very concerned about the rapid disappearance in the Thames .
" It is difficult to say what is going on – it could be due to a number of potential factors including changes in oceanic currents due to climate change , man -made structures such as dams and the presence of certain diseases and parasites . "
And he said there was a need to find out why the declines were happening , in order to save the eels and help other species in the estuary 's food web who would be affected by its disappearance , such as birds which feed on it .
" Time appears to be running out for eels in the river Thames and this could have a domino effect on other species in the Thames , " Gollock said .
" The Thames is a very urban , developed estuary .
It 's much healthier than it was 50 years ago , but there is constant pressure on it .
" It 's quite a precarious ecosystem and the fast removal of any species — whether it is a fish or a plant - is going to upset the balance , " he said .
Cheaters may not prosper — but punishers do , according to a new study .
Male cleaner fish will chase and pester female fish if they interfere with the male 's mealtime — the first evidence of a species benefiting from third - party punishment .
If you 're a cleaner fish , it 's bad table manners to nibble on the mucous layer of " client " fish , which are generally bigger than the cleaners .
Clients stop by multifish cleaning " stations " to get rid of their parasites , which become food for the cleaners .
( Related : " Cleaner Fish Wear ' Uniforms ' to Advertise , Avoid Danger . " )
But biting off a chunk of tasty mucous means the larger fish may flee — so one mischievous cleaner can deprive another from a meal .
The male " loses something if the female cheats the client , and that 's why he corrects the behavior , " said study co-author Redouan Bshary , a behavioral ecologist at Switzerland 's Université de Neuchâtel .
Not that males are always respectable :
They 'll cheat , too , but females endure most of the punishment simply because they 're weaker , he added .
" Imagine you are collaborating with Mike Tyson , " Bshary said .
" If you cheat he will punish you , but if he cheats you probably wo n't do anything . "
Prawn Punishment
Scientists had observed male cleaner fish chasing mucous - eating females in the wild .
But to determine if the males were punishing females , Bshary and colleagues created an experiment .
They provided aquarium - dwelling bluestreak cleaner wrasse with a plate of fish flakes — their boring , everyday diet — and prawns , which are about as delectable as fish mucous .
( See a wrasse picture . )
Each time a female ate a prawn , scientists removed all the food from the tank .
The team observed that the males chastised prawn - eating females — and that the females obeyed by stopping the behavior .
If you want to buy Hilary Mantel 's popular , prizewinning " Wolf Hall " from Amazon.com today , you 'll be getting it from some third - party vendor .
Same for Orson Scott Card's " Hidden Empire " and the Hungry Girl cookbooks .
In the place where the Amazon price should be , you 'll find only a double dash .
That 's because those books are all published by Macmillan , and Amazon has pulled all Macmillan books from its cybershelves .
Macmillan , one of the big six publishers , includes publishing houses Henry Holt & Co. , science fiction - focused Tor / Forge and the Tiffany of fiction , Farrar , Straus and Giroux .
Apparently the dispute arose from tensions over e-book prices .
Amazon likes $ 9.99 for e-books , but publishers do not .
The New York Times reports :
A person in the industry with knowledge of the dispute , which has been brewing for a year , said Amazon was expressing its strong disagreement by temporarily removing Macmillan books .
The person did not want to be quoted by name because of the sensitivity of the matter .
Macmillan , like other publishers , has asked Amazon to raise the price of e-books to around $ 15 from $ 9.99 .
The $ 9.99 price is a loss leader for Amazon , which has used it to help gain e-book market share for its reader , the Kindle .
Publishers are concerned about the downward pressure on prices .
Up until Tuesday , a publisher like Macmillan had no real alternative if it was unhappy with Amazon 's e-book prices .
But when Apple announced its iPad and an upcoming iBook Store on Wednesday , the e-book landscape changed .
Five publishers were announced to be working with Apple ; Macmillan is one of them .
The dispute between Amazon and Macmillan has bled beyond e-books , however .
All formats of Macmillan books are now unavailable for purchase from Amazon .
And that may be tough on the publisher .
Who loses ?
Will people seeking Macmillan hardcovers and paperbacks on Amazon buy from the secondary retailers ?
Will rival online retailers Barnes & Noble and the independent Powell 's see a sudden bonanza ?
Will people leave their screens and walk into their local bookstores to get " Wolf Hall " ?
Or will they simply get " The Help " instead ?
After the jump : on e-book pricing
Banks , bailouts and billions of dollars were center stage in the most recent episode of Bill Moyers Journal , in which the host interviewed two journalists to find out how things got so bad for Americans and so good for the country ’s biggest banks .
After an introduction about the bank CEOs getting holiday bonuses and riding a “ surging ocean of greed , ” Moyers talked with Kevin Drum and David Corn of Mother Jones magazine , who published a series of stories about the “ accountability deficit ” of the financial industry .
In an article titled “ Too Big to Jail , ” the two investigated why no one has been held responsible for decisions that led to a economic meltdown .
ADVERTISEMENT
Drum said that although Wall Street keeps plenty of the political elite in its pocket , the influence of bank CEOs has also manipulated the national conversation .
“ Essentially the financial industry has convinced us — you know , in the ’50s what was good for General Motors was good for America — now it ’s what ’s good for Wall Street is good for America , ” Drum said .
“ And they ’ve somehow convinced us that we should n’t ask about what ’s right or what works or what ’s good for America .
We should ask what ’s productive , what ’s efficient , what helps grow the economy . ”
Corn agreed .
“ It really is this “ Stockholm Syndrome , ” where we ’re forced to identify with people who are holding us hostage without our interest in mind , ” he said .
But the sheer amount of money the banks pour into lobbying Congress ca n’t be ignored , either .
Next week , a Congressional panel begins almost a year ’s worth of public hearings to determine how the banks became “ too big to fail , ” according to panel chairman Philip Angelides .
The first interviews are with top Wall Street executives .
ADVERTISEMENT
Yet several newspapers have already expressed doubts that the hearings will produce any answers with so much big - bank money to prevent bad press .
From the Washington Post : House and Senate leaders , who appointed six Democrats and four Republicans to the commission , allocated $ 8 million for its work , enough to hire about 50 investigators but “ probably less than any of the investment banks will spend dealing with this investigation , ” Angelides said .
To the Editor :
Re “ Religion and Women , ” by Nicholas D. Kristof ( column , Jan. 10 ) :
I commend Mr. Kristof for his insightful exploration of the ways in which religion serves to justify abuses against women across the world .
I could not agree more that “ when religious institutions exclude women from their hierarchies and rituals , the inevitable implication is that females are inferior . ”
But it is important to note that when women ’s voices are silenced , it is not only the message that such discrimination sends that is damaging .
The institutions themselves suffer .
When women are rendered second - class citizens , the important contributions they make are lost .
It is not only the discrimination perpetrated in the name of religion that is tragic here , but also the fact that by disempowering women religious institutions , and the broader societies in which they operate , lose the invaluable input of 51 percent of their constituents .
Jessie Cronan
Boston , Jan. 10 , 2010

To the Editor :
Nicholas D. Kristof ’s column about how religions often perpetuate the oppression of women does n’t mention one of the most egregious examples of this oppression : the practice of honor killing .
A wiki is supposed to be an easy place for all to contribute to documentation , but when we held an IRC meeting about UserBase , back in October , it was clear that not everyone found the wikis welcoming or comfortable .
We ’ve started several initiatives to solve , or at least alleviate , some of the problems .
Getting Started
First , we have made sure that ‘ Help ’ in the navigation panel points to http://userbase.kde.org/Help:Contents – where general guidance is found .
Then , right at the bottom of the page is a Category link .
Clicking on that takes you to a page that lists other pages that you might find helpful – some to help you quickly find what you need , and others to help you get started contributing .
At the moment the English pages are , I believe , fully represented .
Currently you will see some translated pages listed there , but work is in hand to improve this , giving languages their own Category links .
Watch this space !
Getting Help
So – you ’ve found your way around a bit , and know roughly what you want to say , but you ’re still finding the whole thing a bit daunting .
Well , the first thing is to remember that you are not working in a vacuum .
Sign on to #kde - www on irc.freenode.org and there will always be someone around to help .
Even better – starting next weekend we have a Klassroom course on contributing to UserBase .
Sign on at http://forum.kde.org/viewtopic.php?f=4&t=84864.
Tell me about the course ?
The aim is quite simple – to make you familiar and comfortable with the tools of mediawiki editing and the layout of a typical UserBase page .
This course is for you if
You are a user without development skills and want to make your contribution by helping others to enjoy KDE software
An application that you use frequently has little , or outdated , documentation on userbase , and you know you could help people get more out of it .
You are a developer , and your application is under - represented , or not represented on UserBase .
You are a developer and have documentation elsewhere but want an easier place to work with it .
You will work on a UserBase page , asking questions on a dedicated forum thread .
You will see questions asked and answers received by other students .
You will do the work at times when it suits you .
Help pages have been prepared to give you all the tools you are likely to need .
In fact , the aim is to make it as un-threatening as possible .
Sign up
This week is sign - up time .
We look forward to seeing you on http://forum.kde.org/viewtopic.php?f=4&t=84864
or come along to # kde - www to ask questions .
Stewart Blackburn killed Jessica McCagh at their flat in April
A murder that ' provoked outrage '
A teenager who killed his girlfriend by dousing her in petrol and setting her alight has been sentenced to at least 21 years behind bars .
Stewart Blackburn , 18 , was convicted in December after a 10 - day trial .
His girlfriend Jessica McCagh , 17 , died on 25 April after the attack at the Arbroath flat they shared .
Judge Lord Bracadale , who imposed a life sentence with a minimum term of 21 years , said Jessica had suffered a " terrible death " at Blackburn 's hands .
He told the High Court in Edinburgh the evidence had shown there were three stages to the murder .
" First , you threw petrol over her .
Then you set fire to her , " he said .
" Once she was alight you did something of quite extraordinary cruelty : you held the door of the bedroom shut to prevent her escape .
" Jessica McCagh was your girlfriend , aged 17 years , and she died a terrible death at your hands . "
Blackburn returned to the burning flat to save his dogs
The court heard Blackburn had earlier threatened to burn Jessica 's parents ' house using petrol , and that he had convictions for assault and a history of violence as a child .
He also admitted to a social worker preparing a background report he had thrown a petrol bomb at a house when he was just 13 years old after falling out with the occupant , Lord Bracadale said .
The judge added that Blackburn 's " level of wickedness " deserved a long punishment .
Blackburn , who denied murder , was convicted by a unanimous verdict after a trial at the High Court in Livingston .
The teenager claimed the fire started from burning embers dropping from a cannabis cigarette .
But expert witnesses told the court that was very unlikely and produced evidence to indicate the petrol must have been lit by a naked flame .
The attack left Jessica , a former pupil at Arbroath High School , with burns on up to 85 % of her body .
She died later the same day at Dundee 's Ninewells Hospital .
At the trial , prosecutor Frank Mulholland QC described Blackburn 's crime as a " barbaric and evil act against a defenceless young woman " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Jonathan Fildes
Technology reporter , BBC News
The firms fear the clause will give future governments too much power Some of the biggest names on the web have written to Peter Mandelson to express " grave concerns " about elements of the Digital Economy Bill .
Facebook , Google , Yahoo and eBay object to a clause that they say could give government " unprecedented and sweeping powers " to amend copyright laws .
" We urge you to remove Clause 17 from the bill , " the letter read .
However , the government has said it believes the clause will " future - proof online copyright laws " .
" The law must keep pace with technology , so that the Government can act if new ways of seriously infringing copyright develop in the future , " a spokesperson for the Department for Business , Innovation and Skills ( Bis ) .
The consortium believe that if Clause 17 , as it is known , is approved it will give " any future Secretary of State " the ability to amend copyright laws as they see fit .
DIGITAL ECONOMY BILL Legal framework for tackling copyright infringement via education and technical measures Ofcom given powers to appoint and fund independently funded news consortia New duties for Ofcom to assess the UK 's communications infrastructure every two years Modernising spectrum to increase investment in mobile broadband Framework for the move to digital radio switchover by 2015 Updating Channel 4 functions to encompass public service content , on TV and online Age ratings compulsory for all boxed video games aimed at those over 12 years " This power could be used , for example , to introduce additional technical measures or increase monitoring of user data even where no illegal practice has taken place , " the letter read .
This would " discourage innovation " and " impose unnecessary costs " representatives of the firms wrote .
Others have suggested that the clause could be used to tweak laws so that search engines could not publish summaries of news stories in their results .
Bis said that clause 17 was a necessary extension of its plans to reduce copyright theft and that fears that government would mould copyright laws to their needs were unfounded .
" Business will not wake up one morning to a world in which government has taken extensive digital powers , " the spokesperson said .
" There are substantial constraints on how the power can be used , with requirements for a consultation and votes in both houses of Parliament before anything can happen . "
However , the consortium of companies say the clause is so broad ranging that it could risk " legitimate consumer use of current technology as well as future developments " .
READ THE LETTER
Letter to Lord Mandelson [ 533 KB ]
Most computers will open PDF documents automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here " We all acknowledge that new business models need to emerge to support creative content , " the letter from European and UK representatives of the firms reads .
" They are inherently risky and entrepreneurs rely heavily on there being a consistent and stable approach to copyright enforcement .
" This clause would inject an unprecedented level of uncertainty in this regard . "
Other groups including US digital rights group The Electronic Frontier Foundation have objected to it .
Clause 17 is part of the government 's Digital Economy Bill , outlined in the Queen 's speech in November 2009 .
The bill includes a shake - up of the radio spectrum , a classification system for video games and plans to tackle illegal file - sharing .
The so - called " three strikes " element of the bill would give regulator Ofcom new powers to disconnect persistent net pirates .
The plans have proved controversial with lobby organisation The Open Rights Group urging people to contact their MP to oppose the plans .
The bill will have its second reading in the House of Lords on 2 December .
It will have to go through various other readings and drafts before it becomes law .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Move Over , America
More than 150 U.S. law enforcement officers have been killed since 1999 after being struck by vehicles along America 's highways , according to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund .
To lower that deadly toll , a new coalition of traffic safety and law enforcement groups is launching a nationwide public awareness campaign to protect emergency personnel along our nation 's roadsides .
" Move Over , America " is a partnership originally founded in 2007 by the National Safety Commission , the National Sheriffs ' Association and the National Association of Police Organizations .
Most recently , the partnership has also received the full support of the American Association of State Troopers .
The campaign is the first nationally coordinated effort to educate Americans about " Move Over " laws and how they help protect the law enforcement officers who risk their lives protecting the public .
According to a national poll by Mason Dixon Polling & Research , sponsored by the National Safety Commission :
71 percent of Americans have not heard of “ Move Over ” laws ;
of Americans have not heard of “ Move Over ” laws ; 86 percent support enacting “ Move Over ” laws in all 50 states ; and
support enacting “ Move Over ” laws in all 50 states ; and 90 percent believe traffic stops and roadside emergencies are dangerous for law enforcement and first responders .
The poll was conducted among 625 registered voters from June 23 - 25 .
The margin of error is plus or minus 4 percent .
Forty three states have passed “ Move Over ” laws , which require motorists to “ Move Over ” and change lanes to give safe clearance to law enforcement officers on roadsides .
Read more
On August 27th , 2009 , the North West Miami -Dade Community Traffic Safety Team hosted a Move Over Education & Enforcement Detail in the cities of Medley , Hialeah , Hialeah Gardens , Doral , Virginia Gardens , and North Miami .
See photos
On June 19 , 2008 the St. Pete Beach police officers explain the importance of the move over law to citizens , using the Move Over Guide , which is provided by the National Safety Commission .
See photos
Motorists traveling on Interstate 95 in Palm Beach County should be extra careful to move over or slow down this week when they see an emergency vehicle stopped on the side of the highway .
Read more
Officers will pull over drivers who do not change lanes or lower their speed when they pass them doing their job on the streets .
Read more
New ' pull over ' law goes into effect today : Drivers must give emergency , DOT vehicles wide berth
Read more
Tick , Tock
It would , of course , be absurd to claim that the world spits out crises to the rhythms of the U.S. political system .
Every year brings its share of flare - ups large and small , from wars and coups to famines and natural disasters .
But the cycles of American politics matter , not least because they constrain how a U.S. president responds to world events .
If Year One is about laying out an agenda and testing a green leader , Year Two is when ambition meets reality .
In Year Two , there ’s no more room for excuses :
The team is more or less in place ; the president can no longer plead inexperience ; and midterm elections loom , sharply curtailing Congress ’s appetite for risk .
And then , the campaign rallies and town - hall meetings of Iowa and New Hampshire are just around the corner .
Year
Two is usually the last , waning chance to make big things happen , a suggestion of the peril and the promise that await Barack Obama as he enters what is sure to be a tumultuous second year in the Oval Office .
In 1962 , John F. Kennedy overcame a rookie mistake at Cuba ’s Bay of Pigs to stare down Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev in the Cuban missile crisis , deftly fending off calls either to escalate and risk nuclear war or capitulate .
Flash forward to 1978 , when a triumphant Jimmy Carter stood before both houses of the U.S. Congress and announced what he had just achieved over 13 tension - filled days at Camp David , Maryland : an unprecedented peace agreement between two bitter Middle East rivals , Egypt and Israel .
" Blessed are the peacemakers , for they shall be called the children of God , " Carter said , hailing a historic inflection point that he was sure would spread prosperity and harmony throughout the region .
Interrupted 25 times by applause , he had little inkling then of how much his administration was already overlooking the clear signs of a different future for the Middle East , being written by riotous crowds on the streets of Tehran and Tabriz .
As with so many American presidents , Carter ’s year two — from his Nobel moment at Camp David to the missed signals of the coming Iranian Revolution — ended up defining his legacy .
In 1990 , George H.W. Bush managed the disintegration of the Soviet Union with aplomb and assembled a grand global coalition to confront Saddam Hussein , but was slow to respond to an economic downturn and closed his eyes as the conflict in the Balkans flared .
Bill Clinton had finally spurred NATO to act in Bosnia by 1994 , but his paralysis as Rwandans hacked each other to pieces haunts him even now — not to mention a domestic political performance so uneven , and the flop of his historic health care bill so massive , that Republicans won Congress that fall for the first time in 40 years .
Most recently , of course , 2002 was the year George W. Bush declared premature victory in Afghanistan and began actively preparing to invade Iraq , legacy - sealing decisions if ever there were ones .
For this president , the crises of Year Two may well come from the same daunting set of issues he faced on inauguration day : a fragile world economy , a failing war in Afghanistan and Pakistan , a recalcitrant Iran , Israeli and Palestinian leaders who ca n’t or wo n’t make peace , a Somalia radiating chaos and lawlessness , an Iraq that may or may not be ready to handle its own security .
But it ’s just as likely that problems not already on the front page will suddenly blow up to confound Obama .
In 2010 , among these might be a double - dip recession brought on by high oil prices , a renewed civil war in genocide - plagued Sudan , or perhaps the implosion of Yemen into an al Qaeda haven .
Or what about a succession crisis in Egypt , the teetering U.S. ally in the world ’s most volatile neighborhood , or the collapse of the global trading system , or any number of other blips off the range of presidential radar ?
For all the talk of American decline , the world will still be looking to Washington for leadership when these ticking bombs explode .
Time to suit up , Barack .
Read on :
Corporate media completely silent on latest development with warming fraudsters
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Thursday , Jan 14 , 2010
A leading scientist involved in the climategate scandal received over half a million dollars in federal economic stimulus funds from the Obama Administration last Summer , it has been revealed .
Professor Michael Mann of Penn State University , currently under investigation by the institution itself for his role in massaging climate data and hijacking the peer review process to advance the myth of anthropogenic global warming , was awarded a grant of $ 541,184 by the government in June 2009 .
Mann , the creator of the now infamously discredited Hockey Stick Graph , landed money that came directly from the U.S. Treasury ’s economic stimulus package , reveals the Washington free - market think - tank group The National Center For Public Policy Research ( NCPPR ) .
The official justification for the grant , authorized under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act , was labeled as “ climate change research ” .
An NCPPR press release , published today , calls for the funds to be returned :
“ It ’s outrageous that economic stimulus money is being used to support research conducted by Michael Mann at the very time he ’s under investigation by Penn State and is one of the key figures in the international Climategate scandal .
Penn State should immediately return these funds to the U.S. Treasury , ” said Tom Borelli , Ph.D. , director of the National Center ’s Free Enterprise Project .
The funds Mann is receiving from the government come in addition to another award to Penn State University researchers of $ 1.9 million in stimulus funds to study the effects of climate change on the spread of infectious diseases .
NCPPR further commented in its press release :
“ It ’s no wonder that Obama ’s stimulus plan is failing to produce jobs .
Taxpayer dollars are n’t being used in the ways most likely to spur job creation .
The stimulus was not sold to the public as a way to reward a loyalist in the climate change debate .
Nor was the stimulus sold as a way to promote the Obama Administration ’s position on the global warming theory …
As is often the case , political considerations corrupt the distribution of government funds , ” said Deneen Borelli , a fellow with the National Center ’s Project 21 black leadership network .
Of course , the kind of economic stimulus Obama has in mind in awarding such grants to proponents of AGW may stem directly from his own intimate involvement in the carbon tax program he is now seeking to broadly implement .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The mainstream media , once again , remains completely silent on the matter as the vast majority did throughout the climategate controversy .
Warming alarmists are sure to point to the fact that NCPPR has a vested interest , being a member of the Cooler Heads Coalition , whose object is described as “ dispelling the myths of global warming by exposing flawed economic , scientific , and risk analysis ” .
In 25 years of operation , NCPPR has received about $ 280,000 from ExxonMobil and presently receives about one half of one percent of its funding from the company .
However , as we have previously pointed out , the funding received by groups such as the NCPPR from companies like Exxonmobil pales in comparison to the gargantuan amounts , of mostly tax payer dollars , awarded to AGW proponents .
The leaked emails from the Hadley centre revealed that ( now former ) CRU chief Phil Jones received 55 endowments since 1990 from agencies ranging from the U.S. Department of Energy to NATO , worth a total of £ 13,718,547 , or approximately $ 22.6 million .
$ 19 million alone came between the years 2000 and 2006 .
The London based intergovernmental organisation The Commonwealth Foundation has called for an outside , independent investigation of Michael Mann and his involvement in climategate , a move that is further vindicated entirely by these latest revelations .
This article was posted : Thursday , January 14 , 2010 at 11:03 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
More by this author
John Piper is founder and teacher of desiringGod.org and chancellor of Bethlehem College & Seminary .
For 33 years , he served as pastor of Bethlehem Baptist Church , Minneapolis , Minnesota .
He is author of more than 50 books , including Desiring God : Meditations of a Christian Hedonist and most recently Coronavirus and Christ
More by this author
John Piper is founder and teacher of desiringGod.org and chancellor of Bethlehem College & Seminary .
For 33 years , he served as pastor of Bethlehem Baptist Church , Minneapolis , Minnesota .
He is author of more than 50 books , including Desiring God : Meditations of a Christian Hedonist and most recently Coronavirus and Christ
Jesus in Haiti
After the Earthquake
Do you consider safety , or your health ,
A sign from me ?
I am not awed by might , nor struck by wealth ,
Or poverty .
O , I am struck !
And crushed .
Buried , I wince ,
And dying , pray ,
A sympathetic Priest in Port - au - Prince ,
Even today .
But there , in those United States the boot
Is on my face .
“ Saul , Saul , ” I ask , “ Why do you persecute
And not embrace ? ”
Your King , I lift my arms to you in peace
And patient grief ;
And summon now to Haiti enemies
For my relief .
Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin admitted Tuesday that leading up to her 2008 vice presidential debate , she thought Iraq may have been behind the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
Palin admits questions about Sept. 11
In her debut as a contributor to Fox News Tuesday , former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin admitted that leading up to her 2008 vice presidential debate , she thought Iraq may have been behind the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
Interviewed by Fox News ’s Bill O’Reilly on his show “ The O’Reilly Factor , ” Palin trashed many of the critical accounts of her candidacy in the new book “ Game Change . ”
But one story from the book that Palin did not say was “ made up ” or “ a lie ” was the description of her uncertainty as to whether Iraq had a hand in the planning of the Sept. 11 attacks .
Advertisement
“ I did talk a lot to [ campaign strategist ]
Steve Schmidt about the history of the war and where the attackers could have come from , ” Palin said of her debate prep during the fall of 2008 — more than five years after the start of the war in Iraq and seven years after the terrorist attacks that hit New York and Washington .
“ I do admit to asking questions about that , ” she said .
Palin appeared for the first time as a paid contributor on the network , smiling and eagerly answering each of O’Reilly ’s questions .
“ I ’m grinning today , and I ’m so appreciative to be here with you today and the team at Fox News for the fair and balanced news that voters of America deserve , ” she said .
Overall , Palin had a very negative take on the book written by Mark Halperin and John Heilemann .
“ These reporters were not any part of what I was doing there as the VP candidate , ” she said .
“ I do n’t know who they are .
I have n’t met these guys . ”
Asked about the book ’s assertion that she did not know that the Korean peninsula was separated into two vastly different countries , Palin responded : “ That ’s a lie . ”
“ It ’s pretty made up , ” Palin said of the book , which she said she has not read .
Palin said she did not watch interviews with the two reporters or Schmidt on CBS ’s “ 60 Minutes ” Sunday because she was warned it was “ bull . ”
During the “ 60 Minutes ” interview , Schmidt relayed a story about how he was told Palin ’s debate performance would be a “ debacle of historic and epic proportions . ”
Palin disputed Schmidt ’s account , saying that the story “ was not true .
And Steve Schmidt told us how overjoyed he was by the debate . ”
“ I felt good about it , ” she said of the debate .
“ Steve Schmidt felt great about it . ”
Palin said she was not worried by what Schmidt or the reporters said on the program because “ the American people are immediately neutralizing programs like ‘ 60 Minutes . ’ ”
But while Palin had issues with her depiction , she had no problem seizing on quotes in the book from Sen. Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) , who attributed President Barack Obama ’s attractiveness as a candidate to his lighter skin color and lack of a “ Negro dialect . ”
“ You ca n’t defend those comments , ” she said .
“ His thinking and articulation of that thought are quite perplexing . ”
When O’Reilly pointed out to Palin that Reid was not standing by the remark , the former Republican governor responded : “ He says he ’s sorry . ”
During a press briefing at CES on Thursday , Intel CEO Paul Otellini revealed the LG GW990 , a Moorestown - powered smartphone that runs Intel 's Linux - based Moblin operating system .
The product is expected to arrive on the market in the second half of this year .
When Intel lifted the curtain on Moorestown last year , the company contended that it would finally make it possible to bring the x86 architecture to smartphones .
The claim seemed somewhat fantastical , but now Intel and LG could potentially deliver on that promise .
Moorestown is said to be considerably more energy efficient than Intel 's previous Atom offerings , but it 's still not totally clear what kind of battery life we can expect to get from devices like the GW990 in real - world usage scenarios .
LG says that the product has a 1850 mAh battery and can endure five hours of 3G browsing on a single charge .
In some respects , the GW990 — which has an impressive high - resolution 4.8 - inch touchscreen display — seems more like a MID than a smartphone .
It 's possible that we wo n't see x86 phones with truly competitive all - day battery life until the emergence of Medfield , the Moorestown successor that is said to be coming in 2011 .
It is clear , however , that Intel aims to eventually compete squarely with ARM in the high - end smartphone market .
Intel originally launched the Moblin project in 2007 with the goal of creating an Atom - optimized Linux platform for MIDs .
The focus shifted to netbooks when the company started work on Moblin 2 , which began shipping on actual hardware last year .
Some of Moblin 's underlying components have great potential for facilitating rich smartphone application development , particularly the open source Clutter scene graph framework , which is used to build the Moblin user interface .
Clutter — which was created by OpenedHand , a startup that Intel acquired in 2008 — has been shown to be well - suited for building touschreen user interfaces .
Although it 's not yet known whether Clutter is used on the GW990 , it seems likely .
The GW990 will be Moblin 's first real test running on a smartphone form factor , but the platform is becoming an increasingly desirable choice on netbooks .
Samsung had a large number of netbooks on display at CES , but its N127 — running Novell 's SUSE - based variant of Moblin — really stood out .
Moblin 's snappy and visually refined user interface is impressive and demonstrates the value that Linux can bring to the netbook market .
It 's more responsive than Windows XP on the same hardware and it can clearly be customized with a look and feel that is better - suited for small screens .
Although Moblin has a lot of potential , it still suffers from some weaknesses and limitations .
When we conducted extensive hands - on testing of Moblin 2 on the Dell Mini 10 v back in October , the quality of the user experience was undermined by the platform 's incompleteness and lack of stability relative to other Linux - based netbook platforms .
Power management is still a major challenge , even though Intel is working on a number of ongoing projects to boost Moblin 's energy efficiency .
The Novell engineers we spoke to at CES told us that the Moblin version of the N127 is at battery life parity with the Windows XP version ( which means that a future Windows 7 version would likely do better still )
Another impediment for Moblin are the unanswered questions about the extent to which Intel will support the platform .
Intel has n't been particularly responsive to concerns expressed by the Linux development community regarding the lack of proper Linux drivers for the GMA500 , an integrated graphics component that Intel sold to many netbook makers .
During the Intel briefing , Otellini cited Nokia as its other major hardware partner for Moorestown smartphone action .
As some readers may recall , Intel and Nokia announced a partnership last year to collaborate on Mobile Linux development .
They have been working on a shared open source telephony stack for Linux called oPhono , but they have n't had much to say publicly about what kind of hardware they were planning to build together .
Now Intel has confirmed that Nokia is on board for Moorestown .
The GW990 is an impressive step forward for Intel 's vision of bringing x86 everywhere .
The extent of its viability for real - world smartphone devices still remains to be seen .
Engadget , which got some hands - on time with the LG GW990 , found some evidence that it could potentially be headed to AT&T when it launches later this year .
Phoenix 's songs tend to be bright , precise , and meticulously planned - out .
" Sad - Eyed Lady of the Lowlands " , the sprawling 11 - minute ramble that closes Bob Dylan 's 1966 masterpiece Blonde on Blonde , is anything but .
It 's something of a surprise to learn that Phoenix have taken on " Sad - Eyed Lady " , but that 's exactly what they did in a recent acoustic set for the German magazine Musikexpress ( via the Tripwire ) .
Click above to stream or download Phoenix 's considerably more concise version of the song .
Our story of getting out of debt–encouragement , inspiration and PRACTICAL ideas !
BUY NOW
Sherry says :
“ So far our daily expense has gone from a high of $ 8.08 per day to ( I believe ) a low of just under $ 2.00 per day . ”
I promised I would share some secrets from my neighbor who , though there are 15 people living in their 2 - story , 3,000 sq. ft. house , manages to keep an average power bill of around $ 65 a month !
And to top that , she ’s working on cutting that by half , which she says is what her stove and oven uses .
And let me add that even she said every family is different , can handle different things , and has different needs .
So do n’t feel guilty if you ca n’t cut out or implement all the same things –just be inspired to do some thinking about how you could curb a number of spending areas in your home .
It ’s about frugality , challenge , and fun !
( And , you ’ll be en vogue with all the “ green ” hype 😉
Sherry said they started by turning everything off .
That is , shut the power grid , the water heater –everything .
That way , they were able to see what they could n’t live without , and what they could .
She pointed out that we are so accustomed to convenience , we waste a lot of energy we would n’t even miss .
She mentioned that they replaced all their digital clocks with wind - up ones and have n’t missed them a bit .
A small savings to be sure , but it ’s all those little things adding up .
Hot Water Heater .
One of the things she said they grew accustomed to was no hot water .
They have officially left their water heater off for about a year now .
( I know , I ca n’t do cold showers either ! )
They have a solar power water box that they use to heat up necessary water ( dishes , add to children ’s baths , etc. ) , which they put into a thermos pump , but other than that , the whole family has testified that cold showers are rather invigorating !
( BRRR !!!)
Sherry says :
“ My husband was supportive of this new adventure , and not totally surprised , as I am often known to do whacky experiments at our house !
The children think we ’re getting to play a fun new game .
Well , except when I , for the first time , forgot to turn the hot water heater back on .
The first two in the showers , my husband and my oldest son got the surprise of their life on that cold winter morning !!!
I have , in recent years , turned off the hot water ; but I believe it was probably in the spring / summer time .
I wanted them to experience what some missionaries / people in foreign countries experience on a daily basis !
Now the hot water heater is off all the time and they tell me they actually enjoy the cold showers . ”
Since the hot water heater is one of the big energy grabbers , this saves them a lot .
HOWEVER … there is an alternative ( I may have mentioned this before ) : try turning off your water heater during the day and only turning it on right before showers / dishes , etc .
The water actually stays hot so it does n’t use up much extra energy reheating , though it pulls all day if left on .
( This is where our experiment starts 😉
NOTE : I ’ve heard of some wrapping their hot water heater with blankets or extra insulation to extend power usage .
Lights .
Sherry ’s family virtually goes without electric lights .
They do use an occasional lamp for reading / piano etc. , but other than that , they use two other sources–oil lamps and solar yard lights ( is that not the coolest idea ? )
She added that the oil lamps ( which hang on the walls out of little ’s reach ) add a beautiful ambiance to the room 😉
The solar lights are left outside during the day and brought in like “ torches ” at night .
Sherry ’s family virtually goes without electric lights .
They do use an occasional lamp for reading / piano etc. , but other than that , they use two other sources–oil lamps and solar yard lights ( is that not the coolest idea ? )
She added that the oil lamps ( which hang on the walls out of little ’s reach ) add a beautiful ambiance to the room 😉
The solar lights are left outside during the day and brought in like “ torches ” at night .
No Dryer .
They wash a lot of laundry , so they use their energy –efficient front - loading washer .
But the clothes are hung on the line–inside if raining .
I heard her joke about selling the dryer all together–but I do n’t think it was really a joke .
Sherry says :
“ I think we ’re saving approximately $ 40.00 dollars a month on our dryer alone ( we hang all our clothes on the line ) … ”
Large appliances .
Sherry experimented and found that her big deep freeze would keep food rock - hard if only plugged in every 2 or 3 days .
Try at your own risk 😉
Sherry experimented and found that her big deep freeze would keep food rock - hard if only plugged in every 2 or 3 days .
Try at your own risk 😉 Cooking Creativity .
Rethinking meals is an important thing when you ’re trying to watch appliance use .
Eating more raw foods obviously helps , as does using the crock pot more ( Sherry turns her crock pot off earlier than usual , wrapping it in towels to cook further . )
She gave another great example : instead of cooking pinto beans to make re-fried beans ( for dips , tacos , etc. ) , she grinds the beans to a powder first , then just needs to add hot water ( from the pump ) to make the bean mixture !
( I guess grinding uses less that heating water ? )
Sherry says :
“ We ’re also working on a repertoire of no - bake desserts and we ’ve gone from almost daily baking to twice a week bread - muffin - cookie - homemade pizza baking . ”
Another benefit about turning everything off allowed her to see which appliances were pulling the most power .
By using one at a time , she could go out and look at her kilowatt usage and determine its pull .
( Look below for a handy web site that estimates appliances ’ power usage . )
Sherry says :
We initially turned our power off during Tom ’s office hours !
We would get all our laundry done by 7:30 or 8:00 , cook whatever food we needed to prepare with the stove , get the laundry on the line , have a computer time , and turn everything off .
We turned power back on at 4:30 and used the stove to heat up whatever was needed for dinner .
This helped us figure out what we actually missed , made our days a lot quieter , and helped us better organize our computer / electricity time .
I also noticed that my children stopped trying to turn on lights , and the little ones gave up on asking for video time during the day .
We left our hot water heater on during the night which provided enough hot water for the next day .
Of course the biggies are heat and air .
They usually do turn on the air conditioner during the 2 or 3 hottest months ( it gets about 98 here ) , but I think they are up for the challenge of leaving it off this year .
Tips on staying cool ?
Spritzing the curtains with water ( windows open , of course . )
…
Fans to circulate air …leaving your hair wet and put up … and by accident she got a dress off the line that was dew - damp and found it really did the trick keeping her cool !
She also mentioned rethinking the order of the day : heavy work in the early morning , “ down time ” ( reading to children in the swing ) during the hottest part of the day .
And with a creek out back , I ’m sure her children stay pretty cool !
Knowing where your breakers are and what they go to is a must .
Sherry said keeping them off altogether , besides a few outlets for computer , telephone , etc. , helps with the temptation to flip on lights and things that are n’t really needed .
Sherry says :
“ It really becomes a game–a challenge to see how much more you can save .
And we are hoping our children will be thinking , as they get ready to build houses , about ways to invest in more efficient ways of living .
It ’s all about re-thinking everything . ”
For the Crawford record ( this stuff is contagious ! ) , we ’ve had our 3rd hot day of the summer ( upper 80 ’s ) , so far managing to keep the air off .
And remember , I ’m pregnant–VERY pregnant , so kudos for that , huh ?
Yes , we ’re hot .
But it ’s really not that bad , and our basement is much cooler if we get too hot .
Lots of people go without air conditioner–we just have to decide if it ’s worth the savings !
( Although , we are at an unfair advantage : we run a wedding business with the reception room on the same power grid as our home , and I do n’t think the brides will be very sympathetic to our money - saving efforts 😉
Estimated Average Costs for Operation of Various Applicances
Be sure to leave your Thrifty Thursday tip below–any topic works !
1 . Write your thrifty tip in a post on your blog , including a link bak to this post .
2 . Type your name and paste the url of your post into the Mr. Linky box .
3 . That ’s it !
Thanks for sharing with everyone !
Peter Dale Scott
Global Research
January 3 , 2009
The presidential electoral campaign of Barack Obama in 2008 , it was thought , “ changed the political debate in a party and a country that desperately needed to take a new direction . ” [ 1 ]
Like most preceding presidential winners dating back at least to John F. Kennedy , what moved voters of all descriptions to back Obama was the hope he offered of significant change .
Yet within a year Obama has taken decisive steps , not just to continue America ’s engagement in Bush ’s Afghan War , but significantly to enlarge it into Pakistan .
If this was change of a sort , it was a change that few voters desired .
The question remains : how many Americans , Afghans , and Pakistanis will have to die , before we can put an end to this drug - corrupted and drug - corrupting war ?
Those of us convinced that a war machine prevails in Washington were not surprised .
The situation was similar to the disappointment experienced with Jimmy Carter : Carter was elected in 1976 with a promise to cut the defense budget .
Instead , he initiated both an expansion of the defense budget and also an expansion of U.S. influence into the Indian Ocean . [ 2 ]
As I wrote in The Road to 9/11 , after Carter ’s election :
It appeared on the surface that with the blessing of David Rockefeller ’s Trilateral Commission , the traditional U.S. search for unilateral domination would be abandoned .
But … the 1970s were a period in which a major “ intellectual counterrevolution ” was mustered , to mobilize conservative opinion with the aid of vast amounts of money …
By the time SALT II was signed in 1979 , Carter had consented to significant new weapons programs and arms budget increases ( reversing his campaign pledge ) . [ 3 ]
I noted further that the complex strategy for reversing Carter ’s promises was revived for a new mobilization in the 1990s during the Clinton presidency , in which a commission headed by Donald Rumsfeld was prominent . [ 4 ]
The Vietnam War as a Template for Afghanistan
It is as if Washington had emerged with only one objective from America ’s failure in Vietnam : the urge to do it again and get it right .
But the principal obstacle to victory in Afghanistan is the same as in Vietnam : the lack of a viable government to defend .
The importance of this similarity has been stressed by Thomas H. Johnson , coordinator of anthropological research studies at the Naval Postgraduate School , and his co-author Chris Mason .
In their memorable phrase , “ the Vietnam War is less a metaphor for the conflict in Afghanistan than it is a template : ”
It is an oft - cited maxim that in all the conflicts of the past century , the United States has refought its last war .
A number of analysts and journalists have mentioned the war in Vietnam recently in connection with Afghanistan .
Perhaps fearful of taking this analogy too far , most have backed away from it .
They should not — the Vietnam War is less a metaphor for the conflict in Afghanistan than it is a template .
For eight years , the United States has engaged in an almost exact political and military reenactment of the Vietnam War , and the lack of self - awareness of the repetition of events 50 years ago is deeply disturbing .
[ 5 ]
Many of the common features of an unpopular corrupted government have been well summarized by Johnson and Mason .
In their words , quoting Jeffrey Record , “ the fundamental political obstacle to an enduring American success in Vietnam [ was ] a politically illegitimate , militarily feckless , and thoroughly corrupted South Vietnamese client regime . ”
Substitute the word “ Afghanistan ” for the words “ South Vietnam ” in these quotations and the descriptions apply precisely to today ’s government in Kabul .
Like Afghanistan , South Vietnam at the national level was a massively corrupt collection of self - interested warlords , many of them deeply implicated in the profitable opium trade , with almost nonexistent legitimacy outside the capital city .
The purely military gains achieved at such terrible cost in our nation ’s blood and treasure in Vietnam never came close to exhausting the enemy ’s manpower pool or his will to fight , and simply could not be sustained politically by a venal and incompetent set of dysfunctional state institutions where self - interest was the order of the day . [ 6 ]
If Johnson had written a little later , he might have added that a major CIA asset in Afghanistan was Ahmed Wali Karzai , brother of President Hamid Karzai ; and that Ahmed Wali Karzai was a major drug trafficker who used his private force to help arrange a flagrantly falsified election result .
[ 7 ]
This is a fairly exact description of Ngo dinh Nhu in Vietnam , President Ngo dinh Diem ’s brother , an organizer of the Vietnamese drug traffic whose dreaded Can Lao secret police helped , among other things , to organize a falsified election result there . [ 8 ]
This pattern of a corrupt near relative , often involved in drugs , is a recurring feature of regimes installed or supported by U.S. influence .
There were similar allegations about Chiang Kai - shek ’s brother - in - law T.V. Soong , Mexican President Echevarría ’s brother - in - law Rubén Zuno Arce , and the Shah of Iran ’s sister .
In the case of Ngo dinh Nhu , it was the absence of a popular base for his externally installed presidential brother that led to drug involvement , “ to provide the necessary funding ” for political repression . [ 9 ]
This analogy to the Karzais is pertinent .
An additional similarity , not noted by Johnson , is that America initially engaged in Vietnam in support of an embattled and unpopular minority , the Roman Catholics who had thrived under the French .
America has twice made the same mistake in Afghanistan .
Initially , after the Russian invasion of 1980 , the bulk of American aid went to Gulbeddin Hekmatyar , a leader both insignificant in and unpopular with the mujahedin resistance ; the CIA is said to have supported Hekmatyar , who became a drug trafficker to compensate for his lack of a popular base , because he was the preferred client of Pakistan ’s Inter - Services Intelligence ( ISI ) , which distributed American and Saudi aid .
When America re-engaged in 2001 , it was to support the Northern Alliance , a drug - trafficking Tajik - Uzbek minority coalition hateful to the Pashtun majority south of the Hindu Kush .
Just as America ’s initial commitment to the Catholic Diem family fatally alienated the Vietnamese countryside , so the American presence in Afghanistan is weakened by its initial dependence on the Tajiks of the minority Northern Alliance .
( The Roman Catholic minority in Vietnam at least shared a language with the Buddhists in the countryside .
The Tajiks speak Dari , a version of Persian unintelligible to the Pashtun majority . )
According to an important article by Gareth Porter ,
Contrary to the official portrayal of the Afghan National Army ( ANA ) as ethnically balanced , the latest data from U.S. sources reveal that the Tajik minority now accounts for far more of its troops than the Pashtuns , the country ’s largest ethnic group …
Tajik domination of the ANA feeds Pashtun resentment over the control of the country ’s security institutions by their ethnic rivals , while Tajiks increasingly regard the Pashtun population as aligned with the Taliban .
The leadership of the army has been primarily Tajik since the ANA was organised in 2002 , and Tajiks have been overrepresented in the officer corps from the beginning .
But the original troop composition of the ANA was relatively well - balanced ethnically .
The latest report of the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction , issued Oct. 30 , shows that Tajiks , which represent 25 percent of the population , now account for 41 percent of all ANA troops who have been trained , and that only 30 percent of the ANA trainees are now Pashtuns .
A key reason for the predominance of Tajik troops is that the ANA began to have serious problems recruiting troops in the rural areas of Kandahar and Helmand provinces by mid-2007 . [ 10 ]
This problem derives from a major strategic error committed by the U.S. first in Vietnam and now repeated : the effort to impose central state authority on a country that had always been socially and culturally diverse . [ 11 ] Johnson and Mason illustrate Diem ’s lack of legitimacy with a quote from Eric Bergerud :
The Government of Vietnam ( GVN ) lacked legitimacy with the rural peasantry , the largest segment of the population …
The peasantry perceived the GVN to be aloof , corrupt , and inefficient …
South Vietnam ’s urban elite possessed the outward manifestations of a foreign culture … more importantly , this small group held most of the wealth and power in a poor nation , and the attitude of the ruling elite toward the rural population was , at best , paternalistic and , at worst , predatory . [ 12 ]
Thomas Johnson rightly deplores the U.S. effort to impose Kabul ’s will on an even more diverse Afghanistan .
As he has written elsewhere ,
The characterization of Afghanistan by the 19th Century British diplomat Sir Henry Rawlinson as ‘ consist[ing ] of a mere collection of tribes , of unequal power and divergent habits , which are held together more or less closely , according to the personal character of the chief who rules them .
The feeling of patriotism , as it is known in Europe , cannot exist among Afghans , for there is no common country ’ is still true today and suggests critical nuances for any realistic Afghanistan reconstruction and future political agenda . ” [ 13 ]
According to Thomas Johnson , the first eight years of the U.S. in Afghanistan have also seen the Army repeating the strategy of targeting the enemy that failed in Vietnam :
Since 2002 , the prosecution of the war in Afghanistan — at all levels — has been based on an implied strategy of attrition via clearing operations virtually identical to those pursued in Vietnam .
In Vietnam , they were dubbed “ search and destroy missions ; ” in Afghanistan they are called “ clearing operations ” and “ compound searches , ” but the purpose is the same — to find easily replaced weapons or clear a tiny , arbitrarily chosen patch of worthless ground for a short period , and then turn it over to indigenous security forces who ca n’t hold it , and then go do it again somewhere else …
General McChrystal is the first American commander since the war began to understand that protecting the people , not chasing illiterate teenage boys with guns around the countryside , is the basic principle of counterinsurgency .
Yet four months into his command , little seems to have changed , except for an eight - year overdue order to stop answering the enemy ’s prayers by blowing up compounds with air strikes to martyr more of the teenage boys [ 14 ]
Johnson and Mason ’s depiction of the Vietnam template underlying Afghanistan is important .
But there is a glaring omission in their description of power in the Afghan countryside :
When it is in equilibrium , rural Afghan society is a triangle of power formed by the tribal elders , the mullahs , and the government …
In times of peace and stability , the longest side of the triangle is that of the tribal elders , constituted through the jirga system .
The next longest , but much shorter side is that of the mullahs .
Traditionally and historically , the government side is a microscopic short segment .
However , after 30 years of blowback from the Islamization of the Pashtun begun by General Zia in Pakistan and accelerated by the Soviet - Afghan War , the religious side of the triangle has become the longest side of jihad has grown stronger and more virulent .
This remains true , but is dated by its omission of drug - trafficking , and the militias supported by drug - trafficking , which since 1980 have become a more and more important element in the power - balance .
Sometimes the drug - traffic adds to the power of tribal elders like Jalaluddin Haqqani or Haji Bashir Noorzai , with tribal drug networks often passed from father to son .
But today one of the most important power - holders is the drug - trafficker Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , a Ghilzai Pashtun from the north without a significant tribal base .
Hekmatyar is much like General Dan Van Quang during the Vietnam War , in that his power continues to depend in part on his sophisticated heroin trafficking network in Afghanistan ’s Kunar and Nuristan provinces . [ 15 ]
The more we recognize that today drugs are a major factor in both the economy and the power structure of Afghanistan , the more we must recognize that an even better template for the Afghan war is not the Vietnam war , where drugs were important but not central , but the CIA ’s drug - funded undeclared war in Laos , 1959 - 75 .
Afghanistan and the Laos Template
I have quoted at great length from Johnson ’s pessimistic essay in Military Review , partly because I believe it deserves to be read by a non-military audience , but also because I believe that his excellent analogies to Vietnam are even more pertinent if we recall the CIA ’s hopeless fiasco in Laos .
Vietnam , for all its problems with Catholic and Montagnard minorities , was essentially a state with a single language and a single , French - imposed system of law .
Laos , in contrast , was little more than an arbitrary collection of about 100 tribes with different languages , in which the dominant Tai-speaking Lao Loum tribes compromised , in the 1960s , little more than half of the total population .
Faced with an intractable mountainous terrain , the French wisely devoted little energy to establishing a central power in Laos , which then had one capital for the north and another for the south . [ 16 ]
Like Afghanistan and in contrast to Nepal , Laos remained and remains one of the world ’s last countries without a railroad .
To supplement their own minimal presence in Laos , the French relied on two minorities with two completely different non-Tai languages , the Vietnamese and the Méo or Hmong .
The protracted French war in Indochina produced two combating armies in Laos , the pro-French Royal Laotian Army , in uneasy alliance with Hmong guerrillas , and the pro-Vietnamese Pathet Lao .
Thus Laos , when it became nominally independent in 1954 , was a quasi- state with two armies , a collection of tribes with different languages and customs , and tribe - dividing borders defined arbitrarily to suit western convenience .
All this might have remained relatively stable , had not Americans arrived with naïve notions of “ nation - building . ”
Misguided efforts to establish a strong central government rapidly produced two dominating consequences : massive corruption ( even worse than Vietnam ’s ) , and civil war . [ 17 ]
It would appear that the CIA in Laos , reflecting the opposition of the Dulles brothers to any form of neutralism , intended to divide the country and make it an anti-Communist battlefield , rather than let it slumber quietly under the guidance of its first post - French prime minister , the neutralist Souvanna Phouma ( nephew of the king ) .
A CIA officer told Time magazine in 1961 that the CIA ’s aim “ was to ‘ polarize ’ the communist and anti-communist factions in Laos . ” [ 18 ]
If this was truly the aim , the CIA succeeded , creating a conflict in which the U.S. dropped more than two million tons of bombs on one part of Laos , more than in both Europe and the Pacific during World War Two . [ 19 ]
Despite this absurd and criminal U.S. over - commitment , the end result was to turn Laos , a profoundly Buddhist nation with an anti-Vietnamese bias , into what is nominally one of the last remaining Communist countries in the world .
And our principal ally , a Hmong faction allied earlier with the French , suffered devastating , almost genocidal casualties .
( The London Guardian charged in 1971 that Hmong villages who “ try to find their own way out of the war – even if it is simply by staying neutral and refusing to send their 13 - year - olds to fight in the CIA army – are immediately denied American rice and transport , and ultimately bombed by the U.S. Air Force . ” ) [ 20 ]
No one has ever claimed that in Laos , as opposed to Vietnam , “ the system worked , ” [ 21 ] or that the U.S. might have prevailed had it not been for faulty decision - making at the civilian level . [ 22 ]
From a humanitarian standpoint , America ’s campaign in Laos , was from the outset a disaster if not indeed a major war crime .
Only one faction profited from that war , international drug traffickers – whether Corsican , Nationalist Chinese , or American .
With the beginning of CIA support for him in 1959 , the CIA ’s client Phoumi Nosavan , for the first time , directly involved his army in the opium traffic , “ as an alternative source of income for his [ Laotian ] army and government …
This decision ultimately led to the growth of northwest Laos as one of the largest heroin - producing centers in the world ” in the late 1960s . [ 23 ]
( The CIA not only supported General Ouan Rattikone ( Phoumi ’s successor ) and his drug - funded army , it even supplied airplanes to senior Laotian generals which soon “ ran opium for them ” without interference . ) [ 24 ]
Conversely , when the US withdrew from Laos in the 1970s , opium production plummeted , from an estimated 200 tons in 1975 to 30 tons in 1984 . [ 25 ]
America ’s Addiction to Drug - Assisted War : Afghanistan the 1980s
It is hard to demonstrate the CIA , when unilaterally initiating a military conflict in Laos in 1959 , foresaw the resulting huge increase in Laotian opium production .
But two decades later this experience did not deter Brzezinski , Carter ’s national security adviser , from unilaterally initiating contact with drug - trafficking Afghans in 1978 and 1979 .
It is clear that this time the Carter White House foresaw the drug consequences .
In 1980 White House drug advisor David Musto told the White House Strategy Council on Drug Abuse that “ we were going into Afghanistan to support the opium growers …
Should n’t we try to avoid what we had done in Laos ? ” [ 26 ]
Denied access by the CIA to data to which he was legally entitled , Musto took his concerns public in May 1980 , noting in a New York Times Op Ed that Golden Crescent heroin was already ( and for the first time ) causing a medical crisis in New York .
And he warned , presciently , that “ this crisis is bound to worsen . ” [ 27 ]
The CIA , in conjunction with its creation the Iranian intelligence agency SAVAK , was initially trying to move to the right the regime of Afghan president Mohammed Daoud Khan , whose objectionable policy ( like that of Souvanna Phouma before him ) was to maintain good relations with both the Soviet Union and the west .
In 1978 SAVAK - and CIA - supported Islamist agents soon arrived from Iran “ with bulging bankrolls , ” trying to mobilize a purge of left - wing officers in the army and a clamp - down on their party the PDPA .
The result of this provocative polarization was the same as in Laos : a confrontation in which the left , and not the right , soon prevailed . [ 28 ]
In a coup that was at least partly defensive , left - wing officers overthrew and killed Daoud ; they installed in his place a left - wing regime so extreme and unpopular that by 1980 the USSR ( as Brzezinski had predicted ) intervened to install a more moderate faction . [ 29 ]
By May 1979 the CIA was in touch with Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , the mujahedin warlord with perhaps the smallest following inside Afghanistan , and also the leading mujahedin drug - trafficker . [ 30 ]
Hekmatyar , famous for throwing acid in the faces of women not wearing burkas , was not the choice of the Afghan resistance , but of the Pakistani intelligence service ( ISI ) , perhaps because he was the only Afghan leader willing to accept the British - drawn Durand Line as the Afghan - Pakistan boundary .
As an Afghan leader in 1994 told Tim Weiner of the New York Times :
“ We did n’t choose these leaders .
The United States made Hekmatyar by giving him his weapons .
Now we want the United States to shake these leaders and make them stop the killing , to save us from them . ” [ 31 ]
Robert D. Kaplan reported his personal experience that Hekmatyar was “ loathed by all the other party leaders , fundamentalist and moderate alike . ” [ 32 ]
This decision by ISI and CIA belies the usual American rhetoric that the US was assisting an Afghan liberation movement . [ 33 ]
In the next decade of anti-Soviet resistance , more than half of America ’s aid went to Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , who soon became “ one of Afghanistan ’s leading drug lords . ”
Brzezinski was also soon in contact with Pakistan ’s emissary Fazle ul - Haq , a man who by 1982 would be listed by Interpol as an international narcotics trafficker . [ 34 ]
The consequences were swiftly felt in America , where heroin from the Golden Crescent , negligible before 1979 , amounted in 1980 to 60 percent of the U.S. market . [ 35 ]
And by 1986 , for the first time , the region supplied 70 percent of the high - grade heroin in the world , and supplied a new army of 650,000 addicts in Pakistan itself .
Witnesses confirmed that the drug was shipped out of the area on the same Pakistan Army trucks which shipped in “ covert ” US military aid . [ 36 ]
Yet before 1986 the only high - level heroin bust in Pakistan was made at the insistence of a single Norwegian prosecutor ; none were instigated by the seventeen narcotics officers in the U.S. Embassy .
Eight tons of Afghan - Pakistani morphine base from a single Pakistani source supplied the Sicilian mafia “ Pizza Connection ” in New York , said by the FBI supervisor on the case to have been responsible for 80 % of the heroin reaching the United States between 1978 and 1984 . [ 37 ]
Meanwhile , CIA Director William Casey appears to have promoted a plan suggested to him in 1980 by the former French intelligence chief Alexandre de Marenches , that the CIA supply drugs on the sly to Soviet troops . [ 38 ]
Although de Marenches subsequently denied that the plan , Operation Mosquito , went forward , there are reports that heroin , hashish , and even cocaine from Latin America soon reached Soviet troops ; and that along with the CIA - ISI - linked bank BCCI , “ a few American intelligence operatives were deeply enmeshed in the drug trade ” before the war was over . [ 39 ]
Maureen
Orth heard from Mathea Falco , head of International Narcotics Control for the State Department under Jimmy Carter , that the CIA and ISI together encouraged the mujahedin to addict the Soviet troops . [ 40 ]
America ’s Return in 2001 , Again With the Support of Drug - Traffickers
The social costs of this drug - assisted war are still with us : there are said , for example , to be now five million heroin addicts in Pakistan alone .
And yet America in 2001 decided to do it again : to try , with the assistance of drug traffickers , to impose nation - building on a quasi- state with at least a dozen major ethnic groups speaking unrelated languages .
In a close analogy to the use of the Hmong in Laos , America initiated its Afghan campaign in 2001 in concert with a distinct minority , the Tajik - dominated Northern Alliance .
In a closer analogy still , the CIA in 2000 ( in the last weeks of Clinton ’s presidency ) chose as its principal ally Ahmad Shah Massoud of the Northern Alliance , despite the objection of other national security advisers that “ Massoud was a drug trafficker ; if the CIA established a permanent base [ with him ] in the Panjshir , it risked entanglement with the heroin trade . ” [ 41 ]
There was no ambiguity about the U.S. intention to use drug traffickers to initiate its ground position in Afghanistan .
The CIA mounted its coalition against the Taliban in 2001 by recruiting and even importing drug traffickers , usually old assets from the 1980s .
An example was Haji Zaman who had retired to Dijon in France , whom “ British and American officials … met with and persuaded … to return to Afghanistan . ” [ 42 ]
In Afghanistan in 2001 as in 1980 , and as in Laos in 1959 , the U.S. intervention has since been a bonanza for the international drug syndicates .
With the increase of chaos in the countryside , and number of aircraft flying in and out of the country , opium production more than doubled , from 3276 metric tonnes in 2000 ( and 185 in 2001 , the year of a Taliban ban on opium ) to 8,200 metric tonnes in 2007 .
Why does the U.S. intervene repeatedly on the same side as the most powerful local drug traffickers ?
Some years ago I summarized the conventional wisdom on this matter :
Partly this has been from realpolitik – in recognition of the local power realities represented by the drug traffic .
Partly it has been from the need to escape domestic political restraints : the traffickers have supplied additional financial resources needed because of US budgetary limitations , and they have also provided assets not bound ( as the U.S. is ) by the rules of war …
These facts … have led to enduring intelligence networks involving both oil and drugs , or more specifically both petrodollars and narcodollars .
These networks , particularly in the Middle East , have become so important that they affect , not just the conduct of US foreign policy , but the health and behavior of the US government , US banks and corporations , and indeed the whole of US society . [ 43 ]
Persuaded in part by the analysis of authors like Michel Chossudovsky and James Petras , I would now stress more heavily that American banks , as well as oil majors , benefit significantly from drug trafficking .
A Senate staff report has estimated “ that $ 500 billion to $ 1 trillion in criminal proceeds are laundered through banks worldwide each year , with about half of that amount moved through United States banks . ” [ 44 ]
The London Independent reported in 2004 that drug trafficking constitutes “ the third biggest global commodity in cash terms after oil and the arms trade . ” [ 45 ]
Petras concludes that the U.S. economy has become a narco - capitalist one , dependent on the hot or dirty money , much of it from the drug traffic .
As Senator Levin summarizes the record : “ Estimates are that $ 500 billion to $ 1 trillion of international criminal proceeds are moved internationally and deposited into bank accounts annually .
It is estimated half of that money comes to the United States ” …
Washington and the mass media have portrayed the U.S. in the forefront of the struggle against narco trafficking , drug laundering and political corruption : the image is of clean white hands fighting dirty money from the Third world ( or the ex-Communist countries ) .
The truth is exactly the opposite .
U.S. banks have developed a highly elaborate set of policies for transferring illicit funds to the U.S. , investing those funds in legitimate businesses or U.S. government bonds and legitimating them .
The U.S. Congress has held numerous hearings , provided detailed exposés of the illicit practices of the banks , passed several laws and called for stiffer enforcement by any number of public regulators and private bankers .
Yet the biggest banks continue their practices , the sums of dirty money grows exponentially , because both the State and the banks have neither the will nor the interest to put an end to the practices that provide high profits and buttress an otherwise fragile empire . [ 46 ]
In the wake of the 2008 economic crisis , this analysis found support from the claim of Antonio Maria Costa , head of the UN Office on Drugs and Crime , that “ Drugs money worth billions of dollars kept the financial system afloat at the height of the global crisis . ”
According to the London Observer , Costa said he has seen evidence that the proceeds of organised crime were “ the only liquid investment capital ” available to some banks on the brink of collapse last year .
He said that a majority of the $ 352bn ( £ 216bn ) of drugs profits was absorbed into the economic system as a result …
Costa said evidence that illegal money was being absorbed into the financial system was first drawn to his attention by intelligence agencies and prosecutors around 18 months ago .
“ In many instances , the money from drugs was the only liquid investment capital .
In the second half of 2008 , liquidity was the banking system ’s main problem and hence liquid capital became an important factor , ” he said . [ 47 ]
Why This Drug - Corrupted War Will Continue
Thus the war machine that co-opted Obama into his incipient escalations of an unwinnable war is not just a bureaucratic cabal inside Washington .
It is solidly grounded in and supported by a wide coalition of forces in our society .
For this reason the war machine will not be dissuaded by sensible advice from within the establishment , such as the recommendation for Afghan counterterrorism from the RAND Corporation :
Minimize the use of U.S. military force .
In most operations against al Qa’ida , local military forces frequently have more legitimacy to operate and a better understanding of the operating environment than U.S. forces have .
This means a light U.S. military footprint or none at all . [ 48 ]
It will not be dissuaded by the conclusion of a recent study for the Carnegie Endowment that “ the presence of foreign troops is the most important element driving the resurgence of the Taliban . ” [ 49 ]
To justify its global strategic posture of what it calls “ full - spectrum dominance , ” the Pentagon badly needs the “ war against terror ” in Afghanistan , just as a decade ago it needed the counter - productive “ war against drugs ” in Colombia .
Full - spectrum dominance is of course not just an end in itself , it is also lobbied for by far - flung American corporations overseas , especially oil companies like Exxon Mobil with huge investments in Kazakhstan and elsewhere in Central Asia .
As Michael Klare noted in his book Resource Wars , a secondary objective of the U.S. campaign in Afghanistan was “ to consolidate U.S. power in the Persian Gulf and Caspian Sea area , and to ensure continued flow of oil . ” [ 50 ]
The global drug traffic itself will continue to benefit from the protracted conflict generated by “ full - spectrum dominance ” in Afghanistan , and some of the beneficiaries may have been secretly lobbying for it .
And I fear that all the client intelligence assets organized about the movement of Afghan heroin through Central Asia and beyond will , without a clear change in policy , continue as before to be protected by the CIA .
And America ’s superbanks like Citibank – the banks allegedly “ too big to fail ” – are now since the downturn even more dependant than before on the hundreds of billions of illicit profits which they launder each year . [ 51 ]
[ efoods ]
In both Afghanistan and Laos ( as opposed to Vietnam ) heroin has been by far the principal export , and so important that simply to curtail the production of opium has risked impoverishing those in the areas where opium was grown .
This was the reason given for not disrupting heroin flows in the severe winter of 2001 - 02 , the first year of the American invasion of Afghanistan .
The economy was so devastated that , without income from opium , large numbers of Afghans might have starved .
According to Australian journalist Michael Ware , Time Magazine ’s correspondent in Kandahar , opium is still the main support of the Afghan economy , as well the main support for both the Karzai government and the Taliban opposition :
You take away the opium and you suck the oxygen out of this economy and you ’ll be treading on the toes of significant players who have built empires around the opium trade , and that includes political and military figures as well as criminal and business figures here in Kandahar . [ 52 ]
A consistent bias of U.S. news reporting on opium and heroin in Afghanistan has been to blame the Taliban for their production , and not also the government .
For example , the New York Times reported on November 27 , 2008 that
“ Afghanistan has produced so much opium in recent years that the Taliban are cutting poppy cultivation and stockpiling raw opium in an effort to support prices and preserve a major source of financing for the insurgency , Antonio Maria Costa , the executive director of the United Nations drug office [ UNODC ] , says . ” [ 53 ]
But as Jeremy Hammond responds ,
In commentary attached to the UNODC report , Mr. Costa asks , “ Who collects this money ?
Local strong men .
In other words , by year end , war - lords , drug- lords and insurgents will have extracted almost half a billion dollars of tax revenue from drug farming , production and trafficking . ”
Notably , Mr. Costa does not answer his question with “ the Taliban ” , but includes a much broader range of participants who profit from the trade that includes , but is in no way limited to , the Taliban . [ 54 ]
Citing the statistics in the UNODC ’s annual reports , Hammond estimates that the reported Taliban revenues from opium ( $ 75 - 100 million ) are only about 3 percent of the total earned income in Afghanistan ( $ 3.4 billion ) , which in turn is only about five percent of the UNODC estimate of what that crop is worth in the world market ( $ 64 billion ) . [ 55 ]
It is because of the larger share of drug profits going to supporters of the Kabul government that U.S. strategies to attack the Afghan drug trade are explicitly limited to attacking drug traffickers supporting the Taliban . [ 56 ]
Such strategies have the indirect effect of increasing the opium market share of the past and present CIA assets in the Karzai regime ( headed by Hamid Karzai , a former CIA asset ) , [ 57 ] such as the president ’s brother Ahmed Wali Karzai , an active CIA asset , and Abdul Rashid Dostum , a former CIA asset . [ 58 ]
As I have observed elsewhere about the U.S. campaign against the FARC and cocaine in Colombia , the aim of all U.S. anti drug campaigns abroad has never been the hopeless ideal of eradication .
The aim of all such campaigns has been to alter market share : to target specific enemies and thus ensure that the drug traffic remains under the control of those traffickers who are allies of the state security apparatus and / or the CIA .
This was notably true of Laos in the 1960s , when the CIA intervened militarily with air support to assist Ouan Rattikone ’s army , in a battle over a contested opium caravan in Laos . [ 59 ]
Consequences for America of a Drug - Corrupted War
But this toleration of the traffic has led to another similarity with Vietnam and Laos in the 1960s : the increasing addiction of GIs to heroin , Afghanistan ’s principal export .
Despite the denial one has come to expect from high places , it is ( according to Salon ’s Shaun McCanna ) ,
not difficult to find a soldier who has returned from Afghanistan with an addiction .
Nearly every veteran of Operation Enduring Freedom
I have spoken with was familiar with heroin ’s availability on base , and most knew at least one soldier who used while deployed . [ 60 ]
And the reported easy availability of heroin outside Afghanistan ’s Bagram air base , like that four decades ago outside Vietnam ’s American base at Long Binh , points to another alarming similarity .
Just as at the height of the Vietnam war , heroin was shipped to the United States in body bags containing cadavers , [ 61 ] so now we hear from Heneral Mahmut Gareev , a former Soviet commander in Afghanistan that
Americans themselves admit that drugs are often transported out of Afghanistan on American planes .
Drug trafficking in Afghanistan brings them about 50 billion dollars a year – which fully covers the expenses tied to keeping their troops there .
Essentially , they are not going to interfere and stop the production of drugs . [ 62 ]
Gareev ’s charge has been repeated in one form or another by a number of other sources , including Pakistani General Hamid Gul , a former ISI commander :
“ Abdul Wali Karzai is the biggest drug baron of Afghanistan , ” he stated bluntly .
He added that the drug lords are also involved in arms trafficking , which is “ a flourishing trade ” in Afghanistan .
“ But what is most disturbing from my point of view is that the military aircraft , American military aircraft are also being used .
You said very rightly that the drug routes are northward through the Central Asia republics and through some of the Russian territory , and then into Europe and beyond .
But some of it is going directly .
That is by the military aircraft .
I have so many times in my interviews said , ‘ Please listen to this information , because I am an aware person . ’
We have Afghans still in Pakistan , and they sometimes contact and pass on the stories to me .
And some of them are very authentic .
I can judge that .
So they are saying that the American military aircraft are being used for this purpose .
So , if that is true , it is very , very disturbing indeed . ” [ 63 ]
Another slightly different testimony is from General Khodaidad Khodaidad , the current Afghan minister of counter narcotics :
The Afghan minister of counter narcotics says foreign troops are earning money from drug production in Afghanistan .
General Khodaidad Khodaidad said the majority of drugs are stockpiled in two provinces controlled by troops from the US , the UK , and Canada , IRNA reported on Saturday .
He went on to say that NATO forces are taxing the production of opium in the regions under their control . [ 64 ]
I do not accept these charges as proven , despite the number of additional sources for them .
None of the sources quoted here can be considered an objective source with no axe to grind , and worse charges still are easy to find in wilds of the Internet .
However the charges are plausible , because of history .
Just as in Vietnam and Laos , the United States made its initial alliances in Afghanistan with drug traffickers , both in 1980 and again in 2001 ; and this is a major factor explaining the endemic corruption of the U.S. - sponsored Karzai regime today .
There should be an official Congressional investigation whether the United States did not intend for its Afghan assets , just as earlier in Burma , Laos , and Thailand , to supplement their CIA subsidies with income from drug trafficking .
In short , the impasse the U.S. faces in Afghanistan , in its efforts to support an unpopular and corrupt regime , must be understood in the light of its past relations to the drug traffic there – a situation which resembles the past U.S. involvement in Laos even more than in Vietnam .
It is this sustained pattern of intervention in support of drug economies , and with the support of drug traffickers , that so depresses observers who had hoped desperately that , in this respect , Obama would bring a change .
The question remains : how many Americans , Afghans , and Pakistanis will have to die , before we can put an end to this drug - corrupted and drug - corrupting war ?
Notes
[ 1 ] John Nichols , “ Obama ’s Campaign Merits a Peace Prize , ” Nation ( blogs ) , October 10 , 2009 , http://www.thenation.com/blogs/thebeat/482916/obama_s_campaign_merits_a_peace_prize.
[ 2 ] Peter Dale Scott , The Road to 9/11 : Wealth , Empire , and the Future of America ( Berkeley and Los Angeles : University of California Press , 2007 ) , 65 - 69 .
[ 3 ] Scott , The Road to 9/11 , 66 - 67 .
[ 4 ]
Scott , Road to 9/11 , 67 - 68 , referring to the Rumsfeld Commission to Assess the Ballistic Missile Threat to the United States .
[ 5 ] Thomas H. Johnson and M. Chris Mason , “ Refighting the Last War : Afghanistan and the Vietnam Template , ” Military Review , November - December 2009 , 1 .
[ 6 ] Johnson and Mason , “ Refighting the Last War , ” , 5 , citing Jeffrey Record , “ How America ’s Own Military Performance in Vietnam Aided and Abetted the “ North ’s ” Victory , in Marc Jason Gilbert , ed .
Why the North Won the Vietnam War ( New York : Palgrave , 2002 ) , 119 .
[ 7 ]
New York Times , October 28 , 2009 .
[ 8 ] Stanley Karnow , Vietnam : A History ( New York : Penguin , 1997 ) , 239 ; A.J. Langguth , Our Vietnam ( New York : Simon and Schuster , 2000 ) , 99 ; Alfred W. McCoy , The Politics of Heroin ( Chicago : Lawrence Hill Books / Chicago Review Press , 2003 ) , 203 ( drugs ) .
[ 9 ]
McCoy , The Politics of Heroin , 203 .
[ 10 ] Gareth Porter , “ Tajik Grip on Afghan Army Signals New Ethnic War , ” IPS News , November 28 , 2009 , http://www.ipsnews.net/news.asp?idnews=49461.
[ 11 ] Spencer Tucker , Vietnam ( Lexington , KY : University Press of Kentucky , 1999 ) , 87 .
[ 12 ] Eric Bergerud , The Dynamics Of Defeat : The Vietnam War In Hau Nghia Province ( Boulder , Co : Westview Press , 1991 ) 3 ; quoted in Johnson and Mason , “ Afghanistan and the Vietnam Template , ” 5 .
[ 13 ] Thomas H. Johnson , “ Ismail Khan , Heart , and Iranian Influence , ” Strategic Insights , July 2004 , http://www.ccc.nps.navy.mil/si/2004/jul/johnsonJul04.asp.
[ 14 ] Johnson and Mason , “ Refighting the Last War , ” 7 - 8 .
[ 15 ] Gretchen Peters , Seeds of Terror : How Heroin Is Bankrolling the Taliban and Al Qaeda ( New York : Thomas Dunne Books / St. Martin ’s Press , 2009 ) , 127-29 .
[ 16 ]
The southern provinces were administered directly by a résident supérieur in Vientiane , who also supervised , but indirectly , the quasi - independent northern Kingdom of Louangphrabang .
[ 17 ] Corruption within the U.S. Aid program ( or boondoggle ) in Laos , centered about bribes paid by CIA contractor Willis Bird , produced a Congressional investigation .
See Scott , Drugs , Oil and War , 196 , Martin E. Goldstein , American Policy Toward Laos , 186-87 ; U.S. Congress , House U.S. Aid Operations in Laos , House Report no .
546 , 86th Cong. , 1st Sess . ( Washington : GPO , 1959 ) .
[ 18 ]
Time , March 17 , 1961 ; discussion in Scott , War Conspiracy , 78 .
[ 19 ] Keith Quincy , Hmong : history of a people Cheney , WA : Eastern Washington University , 1995 ) , 163 .
To this day the CIA ’s fact sheet on Cambodia lists , as the chief environmental problem in Laos , “ unexploded ordnance ” ( all of it American ) ; see CIA , The World Factbook , https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/la.html.
[ 20 ] Guardian ( London ) , October 14 , 1971 .
Cf. McCoy , Politics of Heroin , 320 - 21 .
[ 21 ] Cf. Leslie H. Gelb and Richard K. Betts , The Irony of Vietnam : The System Worked ( Washington : Brookings Institution Press , 1979 ) .
[ 22 ] Mark Moyar , Triumph Forsaken : The Vietnam War , 1954 - 1965 ( New York : Cambridge University Press , 2006 ) .
[ 23 ] McCoy , Politics of Heroin , 300 .
[ 24 ] John Prados , Lost Crusader : the Secret Wars of CIA Director William Colby ( New York : Oxford UP : 2003 ) , 168 .
[ 25 ] Scott , Drugs , Oil , and War , 40 .
[ 26 ] McCoy , Politics of Heroin , 461 ; citing interview with Dr. David Musto .
[ 27 ] David Musto , New York Times , May 22 , 1980 ; quoted in McCoy , Politics of Heroin , 462 .
[ 28 ] Douglas Little , American Orientalism : The United States and the Middle East since 1945 ( Chapel Hill , NC : University of North Carolina Press , 2002 ) , 223 ; Diego Cordovez and Selig S. Harrison , Out of Afghanistan : the Inside Story of the Soviet Withdrawal ( New York : Oxford University Press , 1995 ) , 16 - 17 , 23 -28 .
[ 29 ] Scott , Road to 9/11 , 77-79 ; Little , American Orientalism , 150 .
[ 30 ] Scott , Drugs , Oil , and War , 46 , 49 ; McCoy , Politics of Heroin , 475 - 78 .
[ 31 ] New York Times , 3/13/94 .
[ 32 ] Robert D. Kaplan , Soldiers of God : With Islamic Warriors in Afghanistan and Pakistan ( New York : Random House , 1990 ) , 68 -69 .
[ 33 ]
Brzezinski for example writes that “ I pushed a decision through the SCC to be more sympathetic to those Afghans who were determined to preserve their country ’s independence ” ( Brzezinski , Power and Principle , 427 ) .
On the same page he writes that “ I also consulted with the Saudis and the Egyptians regarding the fighting in Afghanistan . ”
He is silent about the early , decisive , and ill - fated contact with Pakistan .
[ 34 ] Scott , Road to 9/11 , 73-75 , citing Christina Lamb , Waiting for Allah : Pakistan ’s Struggle for Democracy ( London : H. Hamilton , 1991 ) , 222 ; cf. McCoy , Politics of Heroin , 479 .
Fazle ul - Haq was the governor of Pakistan ’s North - West Frontier Province ; at the same time he was also an important CIA contact and supporter of the Afghan mujahideen , some of whom — it was no secret — were supporting themselves by major opium and heroin trafficking through the NWFP .
However , after lengthy correspondence with Fazle ul - Haq ’s son , I am persuaded that there are no known grounds to accuse Fazle ul - Haq of having profited personally from the drug traffic .
See “ Clarification from Peter Dale Scott re . Fazle Haq , ” 911 Truth.org , http://www.911truth.org/article.php?story=20090223165146219.
[ 35 ] Scott , Road to 9/11 , 73-75 ; citing McCoy , Politics of Heroin , 475 ( leading drug lords ) , 464 ( 60 percent ) .
[ 36 ] McCoy , Politics of Heroin , 461- 64 , 474-80 ; Lawrence Lifshultz , “ Inside the Kingdom of Heroin , ” Nation , November 14 , 1988 : Peters , Seeds of Terror , 37 - 39 .
[ 37 ] Ralph Blumenthal , Last Days of the Sicilians ( New York : Pocket Books , 1988 ) , 119 , 314 .
[ 38 ]
Cooley , Unholy Wars , 128 - 29 ; Beaty and Gwynne , Outlaw Bank , 305-06 .
[ 39 ] Beaty and Gwynne , 306 ; cf. 82 ; also Allix , La petite cuillère , 35 , 95 ; Peters , Seeds of Terror , 45 - 46 .
[ 40 ] Maureen Orth , Vanity Fair , March 2002 , 170 - 71 .
A Tajik sociologist added that she knew “ drugs were massively distributed at that time , ” and that she often heard how Russian soldiers were “ invited to taste . ”
[ 41 ] Steve Coll , Ghost Wars : The Secret History of the CIA , Afghanistan , and Bin Laden , from the Soviet Invasion to September 10 , 2001 ( New York : Penguin Press , 2004 ) , 536 .
[ 42 ] Philip Smucker , Al Qaeda ’s Great Escape : The Military and the Media on Terror ’s Trail ( Washington : Brassey ’s , 2004 ) , 9 .
On December 4 , 2001 , Asia Times reported that a convicted Pakistani drug baron and former parliamentarian , Ayub Afridi , was also released from prison to participate in the U.S. invasion of Afghanistan ( http://www.atimes.com/ind-pak/CL04Df01.html); Scott , Road to 9/11 , 125 .
[ 43 ]
Peter Dale Scott , “ Afghanistan , Colombia , Vietnam : The Deep Politics of Drugs and Oil , ” http://www.peterdalescott.net/qov.html.
[ 44 ] U.S. Congress , Senate , Minority staff report for Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations Hearing on Private Banking and Money Laundering : a Case Study of Opportunities and Vulnerabilities ( November 9 , 1999 ) , http://hsgac.senate.gov/110999_report.htm.
These figures are both much used and much disputed , along with their relevance .
But even if the real figures are only half those estimated by the Senate report , dirty money would appear to be a structural part of the U.S. economy .
Those who deny this remind me of the economists who , as late as the 1950s , argued that U.S. foreign trade ( then listed at about 2 percent of GNP ) was too small to be a significant element in the U.S. GNP .
No one would make that argument today .
[ 45 ] Independent ( London ) , February 29 , 2004 .
Cf. Michel Chossudovsky , “ The Spoils of War : Afghanistan ’s Multibillion Dollar Heroin Trade , ” GlobalResearch , May 5 , 2005 , http://www.globalresearch.ca/index.php?context=viewArticle&code=CHO20050614&articleId=91.
[ 46 ] James Petras , “ `Dirty Money ’ Foundation of U.S. Growth and Empire , ” from La Jornada , May 19 , 2001 , Narco News 2001 , http://www.narconews.com/petras1.html.
[ 47 ] Rajeev Syal , “ Drug money saved banks in global crisis , claims UN advisor , ” Observer , December 13 , 2009 , http://www.guardian.co.uk/global/2009/dec/13/drug-money-banks-saved-un-cfief-claims.
[ 48 ] RAND Corporation , “ How Terrorist Groups End : Implications for Countering al Qa’ida , ” Research Brief , RB-9351 - RC ( 2008 ) , http://www.rand.org/pubs/research_briefs/RB9351/index1.html.
[ 49 ]
Gilles Dorronsoro , “ Focus and Exit : an Alternative Strategy for the Afghan War , ” Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , January 2009 , http://carnegieendowment.org/files/afghan_war-strategy.pdf.
[ 50 ] Michael T. Klare .
Resource Wars : The New Landscape of Global Conflict ( Henry Holt , New York 2001 ; quoted in David Michael Smith , “ The U.S. War in Afghanistan , ” The Canadian , April 19 , 2006 , http://www.agoracosmopolitan.com/home/Frontpage/2006/04/19/01181.html, emphasis added .
Cf. Scott , Road to 9/11 , 169-70 .
[ 51 ] U.S. Congress , Senate , Minority staff report for Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations Hearing on Private Banking and Money Laundering : a Case Study of Opportunities and Vulnerabilities ( November 9 , 1999 ) , http://hsgac.senate.gov/110999_report.htm.
[ 52 ] “ Afghanistan – America ’s Blind Eye , ” ABC / TV ( Australia ) , April 10 , 2002 , Reporter : Mark Corcoran , http://www.mickware.info/2002/files/2b3c5632e1c8fa1ad68b6f83ae91a8c3-93.php.
[ 53 ] Kirk Kraeutler , “ U.N. Reports That Taliban Is Stockpiling Opium , ” New York Times , November 27 , 2008 .
[ 54 ] Jeremy R. Hammond , “ New York Times Misleads on Taliban Role in Opium Trade , ” Foreign Policy Journal , November 29 , 2008 , http://www.foreignpolicyjournal.com/2008/11/29/new-york-times-misleads-on-taliban-role-in-opium-trade/.
[ 55 ] Personal communication of December 29 , 2009 , citing UNODC Reports of 2008 and 2009 .
[ 56 ] James Risen , U.S. to Hunt Down Afghan Lords Tied to Taliban , New York Times , August 10 , 2009 : “ United States military commanders have told Congress that … only those [ drug traffickers ] providing support to the insurgency would be made targets . ”
[ 57 ]
Nick Mills , Karzai : the failing American intervention and the struggle for Afghanistan ( Hoboken , NJ : John Wiley , 2007 ) , 79 .
[ 58 ] New York Times , October 27 , 2009 .
[ 59 ] Valentine , Strength of the Pack , 333 .
[ 60 ] Shaun McCanna , “ It ’s Easy for Soldiers to Score Heroin in Afghanistan , ” Salon , August 1 , 2007 , http://www.salon.com/news/feature/2007/08/07/afghan_heroin/.
Cf. Megan Carpentier , “ Is The Military Ignoring The Heroin Problem In The Ranks ? ” , AirAmerica.com , October 20 , 2009 , http://airamerica.com/politics/10-20-2009/military-ignoring-its-heroin-problem/?p=all;
Gerald Posner , “ The Taliban ’s Heroin Ploy , ” The Daily Beast , October 19 , 2009 , http://www.thedailybeast.com/blogs-and-stories/2009-10-19/the-heroin-bomb/full/.
[ 61 ] Douglas Valentine , The Strength of the Pack : The People , Politics and Espionage Intrigues that Shaped the DEA ( Springfield , OR : TrineDay , 2009 ) , 171 ; cf. 103 .
[ 62 ] Gen. Mahmut Gareev , “ ” Afghan drug trafficking brings US $ 50 billion a year , ” RussiaToday .
August 20 , 2009 , http://russiatoday.com/Top_News/2009-08-20/afghanistan-us-drug-trafficking.html.
[ 63 ] Jeremy R. Hammond , “ Pakistan : General Hamid Gul on Destabilizing Pakistan , ” Foreign Policy Journal , August 27 , 2009 , http://axisoflogic.com/artman/publish/Article_56790.shtml.
[ 64 ]
“ Occupiers involved in drug trade : Afghan minister , ” IranPressTV , November 1 , 2009 , http://www.presstv.ir/detail.aspx?id=110130§ionid=351020403.
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
It ’s Sunday funday again … and though this does n’t really fit into a ‘ fun ’ category it ’s sure interesting anyway … we bring to you a rather unfortunate incident that caused a MacBook Pro to be pierced with a bullet hole , right through the screen !
Yikes !
So , we ’re all wondering , how exactly does a Mac get shot ?
Aggression ?
Just goofing off ?
Was the owner unusually frustrated by seeing the beachball ?
Did someone use the MacBook for target practice ?
What happened here ?
Well … apparently this was much more of an accident than anything else … here ’s the quote from the source :
“ Apparently , someone was cleaning his gun , and did n’t realize it was loaded !
Whoops ”
Well , that ’s one heck of an accidental discharge , but I suppose it ’s better for a MacBook to bite the bullet ( so to speak ) than anything else … still , that ’s a tough and expensive lesson to learn .
So the lesson here , in case it was n’t completely obvious : safety first !
Bummer about the Mac , but it could have been much worse .
This image was found and was quoted from the SmallDog Flickr stream .
That ’s pretty good ( bad ? ) aim for an accident … wow , just wow !
Astute readers noticed this actually looks a lot more like a PowerBook 12 ″ and not a MacBook Pro… good eye !
Advertisements
On his MSNBC program The Ed Show tonight , host Ed Schultz addressed speculation that he will run for the Senate seat currently held by the retiring Byron Dorgan .
Schulz confirmed that he has been approached to run for the Senate seat , and most importantly , he did n’t say no to a potential run for the seat .
Here is the video :
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Advertisements
On being officially asked to run for the Senate seat , Schultz said , “ I am flattered , and I am honored and I ca n’t say that I am even considering it right now …
I am in a different place from politics right now .
I think that I serve things as good as I can right here , right now , so we ’re a long way from any consideration .
I plan on long time , and we ’re a long way from any kind of decision .
I’ m definitely honored by the phone call , but right now , no from either party actually has officially announced that they ’re running for this seat , that ’s how distant this thing is , and the race is going to be an intriguing one , no doubt about that , but at this point I ’m not even considering , and we ’re a long way from that , and I just thought that you wonderful viewers and listeners of my radio show deserve to hear it straight from me , your friend , Big Eddie . ”
I did n’t hear Ed Schultz rule out running for the Senate .
I did hear a man who is definitely considering running for the Senate , and he wants to see who else gets in the race before he makes a final decision .
Just because he is not considering today , does n’t mean that he wo n’t be considering it tomorrow .
My best guess that Schultz ’s potential candidacy will depend who the Republicans run .
It is difficult to determine how he would fare because we do n’t know who his potential opponent would be .
Schultz does have name recognition and good connections with the Democratic Party .
His decision could come down to whether or not he is willing to give up his MSNBC show in order to run for Senate .
GEM Cultures , Inc. P.O. Box 39426
Lakewood , WA 98496 USA
( 253)588-2922 Greetings from Washington ,
GEM Cultures is entering our 40th year in business !
We are a family owned and operated business started by our folks Betty and Gordon in 1980 .
We are continuing to care for the very same cultures they cared for , so you too can enjoy these fresh cultures and share them .
Please be aware that fresh cultures cannot be shipped in the extreme heat .
During the hot summer months , the bread leavens , the dairy cultures , Kombucha and Seed Miso will not be shipped until cooler weather .
These periods will vary depending on where you live .
To find out if we are shipping fresh cultures to your area during the summer , you can email us at gemculture@juno.com and leave us your zip code .
We will use this to check the temperatures in your area .
When we see it is reasonably cool , we will ship these cultures once again .
We continue to ship fresh cultures to parts of the cooler Northwest year round ( you can email us to check on your area ) .
Occasional deep freezes can also cause delays , as we pride ourselves on the " FRESH " in fresh cultures .
The dry cultures such as the Natto and Koji starters and Tofu coagulants , as well as the kitchen items can be shipped all year round .
There are two ways to place an order with us from within the USA :
You can email us your order ( Attaching Order Form Not Necessary ) by listing the items , quantities , shipping address , and your Pay Pal email address , then we will send you Pay Pal instructions .
gemculture@juno.com .
If you do not have a Pay Pal account , you can check out as a " Guest " using a Credit card , Debit card or a Check .
You can send us your order in the mail , along with a Check or Money Order to the address located above and on our U.S. Order Form , which can be printed .
If you are unable to print our order form , use any piece of paper to provide all the information we ask for on our order form .
To place an order from outside the USA , see the " Orders Outside U.S. " page .
Email us your order by listing the items , quantities and the country you are located in so we can calculate the postage and send you Pay Pal instructions .
gemculture@juno.com
For those of you just learning about us and all those who have been long time customers ( and friends ) of Betty and Gordon , we thank you and look forward to serving you .
Here 's to your good health , Lisa & Russ Dunham .
Copyright © 1995 - 2020 GEM
Cultures , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
A security researcher at Google is recommending computer users make several configuration changes to protect themselves against a previously unknown vulnerability that allows untrusted users to take complete control of systems running most versions of Microsoft Windows .
The vulnerability resides in a feature known as the Virtual DOS Machine , which Microsoft introduced in 1993 with Windows NT , according to this writeup penned by Tavis Ormandy of Google .
Using code written for the VDM , an unprivileged user can inject code of his choosing directly into the system 's kernel , making it possible to make changes to highly sensitive parts of the operating system .
" You can in theory write to memory segments that are otherwise considered highly trusted and sensitive , " said Tom Parker , a director in the security consulting services group at Securicon , a Washington , DC - based security practice .
" So for example , malware could possibly use it to install a key logger . "
The vulnerability exists in all 32 - bit versions of Microsoft OSes released since 1993 , and proof - of - concept code works on the XP , Server 2003 , Vista , Server 2008 , and 7 versions of Windows , Ormandy reported .
Presumably , Windows 2000 is also susceptible .
Immunity , a Miami - based company that makes auditing software for security professionals , has already added a module exploiting the vulnerability to its product called Canvas .
The exploit has been tested on all versions of Windows except for 3.1 .
Ormandy said the security hole can easily be closed by turning off the MSDOS and WOWEXEC subsystems .
The changes generally do n't interfere with most tasks since they disable rarely - used 16 - bit applications .
He said he informed Microsoft security employees of the vulnerability in June .
" Regrettably , no official patch is currently available , " he wrote .
" As an effective and easy to deploy workaround is available , I have concluded that it is in the best interest of users to go ahead with the publication of this document without an official patch . "
Microsoft security officials - who are already working double - duty responding to a potent Internet Explorer bug used to attack Google - said they are looking in to Ormandy 's advisory and are not aware of attacks that target the reported vulnerability . ®
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 7/12/2009 ( 3950 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has granted $ 8.4 million to a group of University of Manitoba researchers to improve the health of mothers and newborns in India .
The money is being channeled through the university 's newly created Centre for Global Public Health , headed by Dr. Jamie Blanchard .
Blanchard will lead a team seeking to improve maternal , neonatal and child health care and health care delivery in the state of Karnataka in South India , which has a population of 15 million .
city.desk@freepress.mb.ca
Today marks the introduction of the Lenovo Skylight , the first ARM - based “ smartbook ” based on Qualcomm ’s Snapdragon chipset platform .
Skylight essentially attempts to combine the best features of smartphones and netbooks to create a new mobile consumer device .
A “ smartbook ” is larger and more versatile than a smartphone but is n’t as large as a netbook and does n’t run traditional Windows operating systems .
The extremely sleek and slim design , “ all day battery life , ” range of wireless connectivity options and custom Linux interface with live web gadgets all mean that Skylight offers a unique mobile Internet experience .
The Skylight smartbook connects with AT&T 3G mobile broadband service in the U.S .
Are consumers ready to drop their netbooks or ultraportable notebooks for this ?
Lenovo and AT&T certainly think so .
Skylight Specifications :
Processor : Qualcomm Snapdragon 1GHz ARM II CPU
Operating System : Linux ( Lenovo Custom Base )
Display / Resolution : 10.1 ” Hi-Res Display ; 1280 x 720 resolution
Storage : 8 GB mini SD card / 8GB flash / 512MB LP22r2-PAM /4GB USB Stick / 2GB Online Storage
Audio : Mono ( stereo out ) , internal mic
Integrated Comms : 3G Quadband WCDMA
Ports & Slots : 2 USB ( 1 in flip jack ) , Micro SDHC ( with card installed ) , SIM slot , card slot ( SD , SDHC , MMC ) , mini HDMI connector , headset jack
Camera : 1.3 megapixel camera
Weight : Less than 2 pounds
Dimensions : 253 mm x 201.1 mm x 17.2-18.9mm
Keyboard : Full size
Colors Options : Earth Red and Lotus Blue
Battery Life : 10 hours
Pricing : Starts at $ 499 US
Light of Bulk , Not On Brains
The Skylight is thinner than many of the newest smartphones and is being introduced in two new colors , glossy lotus blue and earth red models .
Skylight ’s clamshell design opens to reveal a high definition 10.1 inch screen designed for watching high definition videos or viewing photos .
Skylight easily fits in a purse , backpack or bag .
Weighing less than two pounds .
Qualcomm ’s Snapdragon platform offers a powerful combination of mobile processing performance , optimized power consumption , ubiquitous connectivity and powerful multimedia in a single chip .
The ARM II processor allows you to watch the latest HD flash videos online without video stutter or audio sync issues .
In other words , Skylight promises to offer netbook convenience without netbook limitations .
Leave the Power Cord at Home
Skylight has over 10 hours of active battery life based on typical usage and idle times … enough to allow the user to watch two movies or more back to back on a business flight or road trip .
Simply plug it in at night to charge like a mobile phone .
On the next flight , enjoy watching two movies or more back to back all over again .
Wireless Options Galore
Skylight has built - in Wi-Fi and 3G connectivity to give users a web connection nearly everywhere they go .
In addition , Lenovo and AT&T promise that Skylight will seamlessly handoff between the Wi-Fi connection and 3G without disrupting your web experience .
With the purchase of an AT&T DataConnect plan , users get 3G data but also access to AT&T ’s nationwide Wi-Fi network , including more than 20,000 Hot Spots in the U.S. for fast and easy web access on the go .
Web Optimized Interface ( Linux Anyone ? )
Skylight ’s custom Linux interface provides a full web experience with live web gadgets .
Users can check Google Gmail , update their Facebook status , see what ’s new on YouTube or just browse the Internet simultaneously without having to continually refresh or log in .
There are more than 18 preloaded web gadgets including Amazon MP3 to download digital music favorites and Roxio CinemaNow to buy and download digital movies .
Powered by the Qualcomm 1GHz Snapdragon chipset platform and featuring 20 GB of standard flash and 2GB of cloud storage , Skylight delivers the performance needed for mobile entertainment and the flexibility to store data wherever you like – in the cloud or on the device .
Pricing and Availability
The Lenovo Skylight smartbook will be available starting in April in the U.S.
It will be available in China and in Europe later this year .
In the U.S. , it will be sold through www.lenovo.com, www.att.com and AT&T retail stores .
Pricing will start at $ 499 at full retail price .
AT&T offers two - year AT&T DataConnect service plans , as well as Data Connect Pass – a pay - as - you - need it data service available by the day , by the week or by the month .
Torchlight Trailer : The Valiant Vanquisher
The chaps over at Runic Games -- a studio composed of former Flagship / Blizzard refugees -- have released a new trailer for their upcoming Diablo - esque title , Torchlight .
Speaking of Diablo , does that music sound reminiscent ?
It should !
Diablo compo
Speaking of Diablo , does that music sound reminiscent ?
It should !
Diablo composer Matt Uelmen is providing a full score for the game .
The singleplayer Torchlight hits on October 27 .
We saw the game at PAX , so we 'll have more on Torchlight -- including an interview with Runic co-founder Peter Hu-- in the coming days .
Fans of the launcher - and - do - everything utility Quicksilver have been concerned for a while that it might have transformed into a Norwegian Blue parrot .
The primary developer , Nicholas Jitkoff , is now a Google employee and the author of the far less featureful Google Quick Search Box .
Although Jitkoff has since released Quicksilver as open source , the fact that he 's being paid to work on similar software , combined with widespread Quicksilver problems after the release of Snow Leopard , led many to believe that Quicksilver 's days were numbered .
( And if they are , there will probably be a trigger to count them . )
A maintenance release on November 6 brought basic compatibility with Mac OS X 10.6 , but many plugins remained broken , and the process of getting much of the functionality working was n't easy .
It seemed questionable whether any more upgrades were in the pipeline , so we Quicksilver addicts can be heartened by Monday 's release of 1.0 beta 57 .
( The last official “ stable ” version was 1.0 beta 54 in December , 2007 , and 1.0 beta 57 upgrades from beta 56 a7 .
Obscure versioning being , of course , part of Quicksilver 's charm . )
The update does n't bring new features , but that 's not a problem to the Quicksilver community , 95 percent of whom ( myself included ) can't figure out how to use all of the functionality that 's already there .
Instead , the change log highlights a dozen things which “ do n't crash anymore , ” and several behind - the - scenes tweaks and upgrades .
It 's not much , but it 's reassuring to know that we 're in the “ I 'm not dead yet ” routine rather than the parrot sketch .
One oddity : you may have missed this upgrade , as it does n't seem to have been released through regular channels .
I found it on MacUpdate , but there 's no mention of it on Blacktree 's web site , Wikipedia ( that 's a first ) , or in the automatic update mechanism .
So either I 'm running the latest version of an open - source project , or my MacBook ( and around 400,000 other people 's ) is about to self - destruct in a hotkey - triggered fireball .
Readers with more sense than I have may want to wait a while before installing .
Quicksilver is free software ; users of older versions of Mac OS X can download relevant versions directly at the Blacktree site .
And despite its problems , it still has lovely plumage .
Custom drapery can make any room in your home or office more appealing and enhance the functionality of the space .
Draperies have many practical uses , such as providing an extra layer of insulation and controlling the amount of natural light entering a room .
Interiors Haberdashery provides complete drapery fabrication workroom services .
Plus , we offer custom drapery hardware solutions to complement our window treatments ,
In addition to our workroom fabricated shades and draperies , we offer made - to - order hard window treatments such as woven wood shades , solar shades , hardwood shutters and wood blinds .
We have helped numerous elite interior designers , architects and decorators deliver the right look for their projects .
Please call to schedule an appointment to visit us at our workroom in Stamford , CT .
From “ traditional ” to “ contemporary ” we can make your next project a success .
There 's pretty widespread acceptance now that many of the features of Mars are best explained by the presence of liquid water , but that water seems to have frozen in the distant past .
We can spot what appear to be glacial features on the planet now , but the local conditions are such that , instead of melting to liquid , this water will go directly into the vapor phase .
The main question that has been up for debate is how long water lasted on the red planet ; a paper in the latest issue of Geology suggests that the answer is much longer than we 'd generally thought .
The paper focuses on features in an area of the planet called Ares Vallis , a drainage channel cut in the early history of Mars when an area called Iani Chaos ( can I just say I love that name ? ) melted .
Some flat , rimless features in the Ares Vallis formed long after this channel was cut , and have been the topic of much debate .
Some have argued that they formed as subsurface ice underwent sublimation into vapor , causing the surface to collapse ; others argue the basins were dry basins that had been occupied by ancient lakes .
The new paper takes advantage of images obtained by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , which carries some of the most sensitive cameras ever sent away from Earth .
The new images reveal details down to six meters / pixel , and clearly show channels that travel among the depressions , generally linking one basin with another one that 's lower in elevation .
The authors are confident that these once carried water between what they now feel must represent ancient lakes .
Based on a model that incorporates the rates at which Martian features are obliterated by impact craters , the authors estimate that these features date from about 3.3 billion years ago — well into Mars ' Hesperian period , and long after the Martian atmosphere should have been able to support liquid water .
The authors argue that a climate fluctuation , possibly linked to the period 's intense volcanism , may have produced a temporary warming .
They highlight the similarity of nearby features with those found in areas where permafrost has melted .
Why is this of interest ?
The results push the era in which Mars supported ( at least sporadically ) liquid water to over a billion years .
" The extension of warm and wet surface conditions on Mars from the early Noachian ( 4.5 Ga ) into the late Hesperian ( 3.0 Ga ) may have facilitated long - term evolution of microbial life in isolated pockets of stable near - surface and subsurface water , " the authors conclude .
Geology , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1130/G30579.1
Benny Peiser wrote the text below for the Daily Mail on January 18 2010 as reported on his e-mail list CCNet ( To subscribe send an e-mail to listserver [ at ] livjm.ac.uk ) .
“ The IPCC review process has been shown on numerous occasions to lack transparency and due diligence .
Its work is controlled by a tightly knit group of individuals who are completely convinced that they are right .
As a result , conflicting data and evidence , even if published in peer reviewed journals , are regularly ignored , while exaggerated claims , even if contentious or not peer - reviewed , are often highlighted in IPCC reports .
Not surprisingly , the IPCC has lost a lot of credibility in recent years .
It is also losing the trust of more and more governments who are no longer following their advice – as the Copenhagen summit showed . ’
— Benny Peiser , Daily Mail , 18 January 2010 ″
To provide documentation on the failure of the 2007 WG1 IPCC report to provide due diligence in their climate assessment , I provided a list of peer reviewed papers in the appendix to my report
Pielke Sr. , Roger A. , 2008 : A Broader View of the Role of Humans in the Climate System is Required In the Assessment of Costs and Benefits of Effective Climate Policy .
Written Testimony for the Subcommittee on Energy and Air Quality of the Committee on Energy and Commerce Hearing “ Climate Change : Costs of Inaction ” – Honorable Rick Boucher , Chairman .
June 26 , 2008 , Washington , DC. , 52 pp
which were excluded from two chapters in the 2007 IPCC WG1 report .
I also posted on this issue in
Documentation Of IPCC WG1 Bias by Roger A. Pielke Sr. and Dallas Staley – Part I
Documentation Of IPCC WG1 Bias by Roger A. Pielke Sr. and Dallas Staley – Part II
Specifically , in Chapter 3 of the 2007 WG1 IPCC report which is titled “ Observations : Surface and Atmospheric Climate Change ” , the Coordinating Lead Authors were Kevin E. Trenberth ( USA ) and Philip D. Jones ( UK ) , both of whom are , of course , involved in the CRU e-mails ( e.g. see The Crutape Letters ) .
The Coordinating Lead Authors decided what was to be included in these chapters and what to exclude .
and in Chapter 8 of the 2007 WG1 IPCC report which is titled “ Climate Models and Their Evaluation ” , the Coordinating Lead Authors were David A. Randall ( USA ) and Richard A. Wood ( UK ) .
The Coordinating Lead Authors in both chapters excluded available peer - reviewed papers which provide scientific evidence which conflicts with their conclusions in their chapters .
As the fall out from the CRU e-mails widens to include the IPCC reports , there is a need to assess and quantify the extent that these Coordinating Lead Authors ( and those of other IPCC Chapters ) , excluded conflicting peer reviewed papers .
It is clear that in Chapters 3 and 8 , this inappropriate behavior occurred with the result that a balanced scientific assessment of climate observations and models was not achieved .
Ministers passing too many ' bad ' laws , say ex mandarins
Government initiatives are having " perverse " effects , the report warns
The way Britain is governed has gone wrong and is in urgent need of reform , a group of former Whitehall chiefs has warned in a highly critical report .
The former civil servants paint a picture of badly trained ministers rushing through " ill thought - out " legislation to satisfy media demands .
And they say " political point scoring " has become more important to ministers than solving actual problems .
They call for fewer , better laws and an end to constant ministerial job moves .
The Better Government Initiative was compiled by 14 former senior civil servants , including Lord Butler , who carried out an inquiry into intelligence leading up to the Iraq war , current Iraq inquiry chairman Sir John Chilcot and Sir Thomas Legg , who is overseeing the audit of MPs ' expenses .
At the report 's launch , Lord Butler , the former cabinet secretary , said the Personal Care at Home Bill , currently going through Parliament - which would guarantee free personal care for the 280,000 people with the " highest needs " - could eventually " be regretted as much as the Community Charge [ better known as the poll tax ] " .
The report says : " There has been too much legislation in recent years , some of it has been unnecessary and too much of it has been badly prepared . "
' Better training '
It says ministers are moved on too frequently to get a proper grip on their departments , with even successful ones only lasting an average of three years in their roles .
" The complexity of government and ministers ' increasing involvement in detail can place ministers in situations which are unfamiliar to them and for which they do not have reference points that are within their own knowledge or experience .
Some parties may even make changes of the kind we propose a condition of joining a coalition or supporting a minority government
Better Government Initiative report
Straw defends ' trivial new laws ' MPs ' committees ' must be smaller '
" The situation could be improved through training for ministers before they were appointed , initial training on their appointment , and continuing training and development as in all other professions . "
The report lays much of the blame for bad governance at the door of the media , which it says has stopped scrutinising government reports and speeches in favour of demanding short - term initiatives and legislation .
" The media 's increasing appetite for policy initiatives has been a prime source of the high volume of often ill thought out legislation .
" A short distance sometimes separates a media release from a policy statement that triggers the preparation of a Bill .
" A consequence has been that a higher proportion of Bills now enter Parliament incomplete , poorly explained , and requiring substantial amendment . "
' Sofa government '
It says Parliament no longer effectively scrutinises legislation and backs calls to beef up the role of select committees .
The report also criticises both the informal " sofa " style of government pioneered by Tony Blair and Gordon Brown 's reliance on special advisers , rather than impartial civil servants , during his time as chancellor .
Tony Blair 's informal style did not go down well with some civil servants " One effect was that there was little or no point in departments ' seeking to engage the Treasury on major issues at official level , " it says .
" The only effective channels of communication to the chancellor lay through the special adviser network .
" Obviously there were some policy successes under this system ( for example , independence of the Bank of England ) ; but the track record on economic management , public expenditure planning and control , and financial regulation as well as on public sector change ( for example , the introduction of tax credits ) has increasingly come to be questioned . "
The report singles out for special criticism special advisers who " claim knowledge of the minister 's wishes and the mantle of his or her authority to the point where on occasion advisers at the centre have effectively been directing the actions of accountable ministers in departments - without any authority to do so " .
' Tick - box culture '
The ex-Whitehall chiefs cite examples of bad laws that have resulted from the way government now operates , including the poll tax of 1990 , the Dangerous Dogs Act of 1991 , the failure of the Child Support Agency , the Hunting Act 2004 and the story of the Millennium Dome .
The group 's report says : " Policy failures have often been cumulative as one new initiative and one act of Parliament has followed another on the same subject . "
It says governments have created " perverse incentives " and " unintended consequences of targets and performance indicators " .
There is " confusion and loss of expertise resulting from frequent changes of policy or organisation and movement of staff to meet new demands " , it adds .
The report also argues that there has been " loss of direction as one initiative is laid on top of another , or ' trialled ' and ' rolled out ' , distracting attention from ordinary business " .
It criticises " excessive bureaucracy in prescribing new systems or procedures " and " a ' tick - box ' culture in which complying with the rules replaces responsible judgment and individual discretion " .
The group says Whitehall departments " should focus on developing policy and monitoring performance rather than day - to - day operations " and with less interference from central government .
It sets out a series of recommendations and suggests that the possibility of a hung Parliament in the near future may make it harder for politicians to ignore them .
" Some parties may even make changes of the kind we propose a condition of joining a coalition or supporting a minority government , " it says .
The Better Government Initiative report is published in full on its website .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Photo : Daily Mail
​ A retired Oxford professor who said marijuana was one of the “ safer ” drugs has become the United Kingdom ’s chief drugs adviser — replacing a professor who was sacked for saying that marijuana is one of the safer drugs .
Daily Mail .
Pharmacology specialist Les Iversen has replaced David Nutt , who was sacked last October after saying cannabis was less harmful than alcohol and nicotine , and arguing that penalties against the herb had been upgraded to Class B for political reasons , reports James Slack at the
Professor Iversen , who has served on the committee for five years , seems to share predecessor Nutt ’s view that marijuana is just not that dangerous .
And after all , should it be that shocking that the world ’s foremost experts on psychoactive drugs would have similar opinions regarding the relative safety of marijuana ?
Public Domain
​ Iversen called for cannabis to be legalized in a 2003 lecture .
And in an article published that same year , he said cannabis had been “ incorrectly ” classified as a dangerous drug for nearly 50 years , and said it was one of the “ safer ” recreational drugs .
Could 1983 's Hercules be the perfect movie ?
Consider the evidence :
It stars Lou " Incredible Hulk " Ferrigno .
He fights robot centaurs , travels to other planets by throwing a big rock tied to a chariot , and grapples with a bear .
Did the clip above not win you over ?
Here 's
Herc battling robot centaurs :
Thanks to reader Dan Hope , who sent us this impassioned email arguing for the inclusion of this film in " found footage " :
You might be thinking , " But Dan , the story of Hercules is mythlogy , fantasy .
How does this fit into the science fiction focus of io9 ? "
I have six words for you : Robot Centaurs with Laser - Shooting Bows .
That 's right , robot centaurs with frickin ' laser bows .
In fact , there 's a weird sci - fi theme throughout the entire movie which is never really explained , just presented to the audience as if Hera had an army of mytho - mecha creatures at her command to send after Zeus ' illegitimate child .
The biggest problem with featuring Hercules in a Found Footage post is deciding what scene to show as evidence of its so - bad - it 's - good - ness .
First of all , it has Lou Ferrigno playing Hercules .
That alone opens up a world of possibilities .
But then you have the weird fights with giant mecha-bumblebees and the aforementioned laser - bow robot centaurs .
But if I had to recommend one point , it would be where Hercules and " the witch " Circe finally reach their goal , a rhinestone encrusted chariot , only to realize they have forgotten to bring anything that could pull that chariot to the next planet .
No , you read that right : the next planet .
So Hercules has a genius idea .
He has Circe conjure a long length of rope that he ties to the chariot .
Then he uses his Hulk - strength to pull a giant stone block from the wall , to which he ties the other end of the rope .
He loads Circe in the chariot , swings the giant boulder about his head and flings it out into the night sky .
As the rope quickly uncoils , pulled by the piece of wall he just threw like it was an Olympic event , he hops in the chariot and waits for the momentum of the boulder to uncoil the rope completely and yank them into space .
Yep , when you 're adding robot's to Greek mythology , you do n't have to make any pretense at following the laws of physics , or even the laws that govern the limits of WTF - dom .
And thus follows several slow shots of Hercules and Circe zooming through the galaxy towed by a big rock .
It 's simply too good / bad to be true .
Of course , that suggestion completely ignores all the potential of showing off the costumes , which are by far the most entertaining part .
One goddess wears a giant frill or cloth fan or something on the front of her bodice , nearly obscuring her face .
The next has a nearly identical fan sewn on the back of her dress as if the costume department made a backup costume for goddess A and had to quickly convert it to a costume for goddess B by putting it on backwards .
And then there 's the lady who seems to be wearing a simple one - piece swimming suit bought at Walmart ( or wherever they shopped in the early 80s ) , and , in order to make it look fantastical , the only thing the costume department could come up with was sewing a long flowing cascade of blue fabric onto her crotch .
Nowhere else on the swimming suit , just a giant crotch - waterfall of fabric .
But I digress .
I leave the choice of what clip to show in your capable hands .
Dorit Beinish was knocked to the ground and her glasses were broken
A protester has thrown a shoe at Israel 's highest judge , hitting her in the face .
Dorit Beinish suffered bruises to the face and had her glasses broken when an unidentified man lobbed a shoe at her from the public gallery of the court .
He was heard to shout the words " corrupt " and " traitor " as he stood up , but the man 's motive is not yet clear .
Shoe throwing is a strong insult in Arab culture , and has become a popular sign of protest around the world .
The incident took place during a hearing on medical marijuana , but the attack is not believed to be linked .
Ms Beinish was knocked off her seat by the attack , and was taken to her office for treatment .
The man , later named as Pini Cohen , was arrested by court bailiffs .
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , visiting Poland , telephoned Ms Beinish to express his shock at the attack .
" It 's forbidden to attack the courts and unthinkable that someone would harm the president of the supreme court , " news agency Agence France Presse quoted his office as saying .
Shoe throwing has become a popular form of protest since an Iraqi journalist hurled two shoes at US president George Bush in 2008 .
On Tuesday , a man threw a shoe at Sudanese President Omar al - Bashir while he was making a public speech in Khartoum , but missed him .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrKvweNugnQ]
Everyone who flies wants to be safe but again , when will someone provide solid proof that the body scanners are anything other than a huge waste of valuable money .
Numerous experts have pointed out the problems yet that does n’t matter for those buying these expensive machines .
Even if you do n’t understand German , it ’s easy enough to follow how this physicist beat the system .
Your mother may have taught you that it 's rude to point , but according to new research in Psychological Science , a journal of the Association for Psychological Science , gesturing may actually help improve communication .
Psychological scientist Spencer Kelly from Colgate University , along with Asli Özyürek and Eric Maris from Radboud University Nijmegen ( The Netherlands ) were interested in the interaction between speech and gesturing and how important this relationship is for language .
In this study , volunteers watched brief videos of common actions ( e.g. , someone chopping vegetables , washing dishes ) followed by a one - second video of a spoken word and a gesture .
In some of the trials ( congruent trials ) , the speech and gestures were related ( e.g. , " chop , " chopping gesture ) , while during other trials ( incongruent trials ) , what was said did not match the gesture ( e.g. , " chop , " twisting gesture ) .
The volunteers had to indicate whether the speech and gesture were related to the initial video they watched .
The results revealed that the volunteers performed better during congruent trials than incongruent trials -- they were faster and more accurate when the gesture matched the spoken word .
Furthermore , these results were replicated when the volunteers were told to pay attention only to the spoken word and not the gesture .
Taken together , these findings suggest that when gesture and speech convey the same information , they are easier to understand than when they convey different information .
In addition , these results indicate that gesture and speech form an integrated system that helps us in language comprehension .
The researchers note that " these results have implications for everyday communicative situations , such as in educational contexts ( both teachers and students ) , persuasive messages ( political speeches , advertisements ) , and situations of urgency ( first aid , cock pit conversations ) . "
They suggest that the best way for speakers to get their message across is to " coordinate what they say with their words with what they do with their hands . "
In other words , the authors conclude , " If you really want to make your point clear and readily understood , let your words and hands do the talking . "
DJ condemned for playing Van Halen 's Jump as woman leaps from bridge
A Radio DJ has been condemned by mental health charities after he played the song Jump as police were trying to talk down a suicidal woman from a motorway bridge .
Steve Penk received a request from a listener for the hit Van Halen track after four lanes of the M60 were closed while police attempted to deal resolve the situation .
The controversial presenter told listeners on his breakfast show he was playing the song to ' emphathise ' with frustrated drivers , but moments later the woman jumped from the 30ft bridge .
DJ Steve Penk played the Van Halen hit Jump to ' empathise ' with motorists after the M60 was shut while police attempted to talk down a suicidal woman
The 30 - year - old woman suffered minor injuries , but mental heath charities branded his behaviour on 96.2FM The Revolution ' in very poor taste ' .
Paul Farmer , chief executive of Mind , said : ' Given the distressing circumstances , the decision to play " Jump " was highly insensitive and in very poor taste .
' Media have a responsibility for their audience and jovialising such a situation could be fatal .
' People that experience mental distress should be encouraged to speak out and seek help .
' Yet the huge stigma that surrounds mental health means that many feel they have to cope on their own , with potentially tragic consequences . '
A spokesman for The Samaritans added : ' It shows a lack of compassion and understanding . '
Some listeners also voiced their anger at Mr Penk .
Lorna Guinn , 42 , said : ' It 's irresponsible - this woman could have overheard it on someone 's car stereo .
' I found it pathetic and nasty . '
Mr Penk , who owns the radio station in the north west , has become renowned for making prank calls live on air .
He told The Sun : ' The entire area had been thrown into total chaos by a single troubled woman .
' I was very sorry to hear that the lady had subsequently jumped from the bridge , but relieved that her injuries were minor .
' If , as has been suggested , the woman jumped because she heard it from a passing car radio that 's unfortunate .
' But I do n't regret playing it for a minute . '
In 1998 , Mr Penk and impressionist John Culshaw managed to dupe the switchboard at Number 10 and were put through to then Prime Minister Tony Blair pretending to be opposition leader William Hague .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Key states have reached what they call a " meaningful agreement " at the Copenhagen climate summit .
Five nations , including China and the US , reached a deal on a number of issues , such as a recognition to limit temperature rises to less than 2C .
US President Barack Obama said it would be a foundation for global action but there was " much further to go " .
However , the deal could be rejected as a number of nations expressed " dissatisfaction " with the contents .
" Can I suggest that in biblical terms , it looks like we 're being offered 30 pieces of silver to sell our future , " Tuvalu 's lead negotiator Ian Fry said during the main meeting .
" Our future is not for sale . "
AT THE SCENE Richard Black ,
BBC News environment correspondent President Obama may have a deal with Brazil , China , India and South Africa - but it is not at all clear that he has a deal with anyone else .
While the White House was announcing the agreement , most other delegations had not even seen it .
This has clearly annoyed a number of countries who , when the agreement document , expressed their distaste in vigorous language - a " coup d'Etat against the UN " .
With no firm target for limiting the global temperature rise , no commitment to a legal treaty and no target year for peaking emissions , countries vulnerable to climate impacts are pointing out this " deal " does not guarantee the temperature targets they need .
Richard Black 's Earth Watch blog Mr Fry said his country could not accept the deal , as did Venezuelan delegate Claudia Salerno Caldera .
" Mr President , I ask whether - under the eye of the UN secretary general - you are going to endorse this coup d'etat against the authority of the United Nations . "
Nicaragua submitted new documents to the meeting calling for the resumption of negotiations on new legal agreements , including emission reductions from developed nations .
To be accepted as an official UN agreement , the deal needs to be endorsed by all 193 nations at the talks .
The five - nation deal promised to deliver $ 30 bn ( £ 18.5 bn ) of aid for developing nations over the next three years , and outlined a goal of providing $ 100bn a year by 2020 to help poor countries cope with the impacts of climate change .
President Obama said the US , China , Brazil , India and South Africa had " agreed to set a mitigation target to limit warming to no more than 2C and , importantly , to take action to meet this objective " .
He added : " We are confident that we are moving in the direction of a significant accord . "
US - LED COPENHAGEN DEAL
No reference to legally binding agreement
Recognises the need to limit global temperatures rising no more than 2C above pre-industrial levels
Developed countries to " set a goal of mobilising jointly $ 100 bn a year by 2020 to address the needs of developing countries "
On transparency : Emerging nations monitor own efforts and report to UN every two years .
Some international checks
No detailed framework on carbon markets - " various approaches " will be pursued " The meeting has had a positive result , everyone should be happy , " said Xie Zhenhua , the head of China 's delegation .
" After negotiations , both sides have managed to preserve their bottom line .
For the Chinese , this was our sovereignty and our national interest . "
The agreement also included a method for verifying industrialised nations ' reduction of emissions .
The US had insisted that China dropped its resistance to this measure .
During the two - week gathering , small island nations and vulnerable coastal countries have been calling for a binding agreement that would limit emissions to a level that would prevent temperatures rising more than 1.5C above pre-industrial levels .
The G77 - China delegation forced a number of suspensions in negotiations , accusing the Danish hosts of chairing the conference in a " undemocratic fashion " , saying its views were being overlooked .
' Not perfect ' EU Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso told reporters : " I will not hide my disappointment regarding the non-binding nature of the agreement here .
It is now evident that beating global warming will require a radically different model of politics than the one in Copenhagen
John Sauven , Greenpeace UK
What do you think of the deal ?
Reaction in quotes
In pictures : Summit 's final hours " In that respect , the document falls far short of our expectations . "
However , he added that the EU would accept the US - led deal .
The two - week summit had been deadlocked as world leaders had struggled to hammer out an accord .
" The text we have is not perfect , " said French President Nicolas Sarkozy .
But he added : " If we had no deal , that would mean that two countries as important as India and China would be freed from any type of contract .
" The United States , which is not in Kyoto , would be free of any type of contract .
That 's why a contract is absolutely vital . "
CLIMATE CHANGE GLOSSARY
Glossary in full A number of leaders have now left the Danish capital , including the US president and Brazil 's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva .
Reacting to the Copenhagen " deal " , John Sauven , executive director of Greenpeace UK , said : " The city of Copenhagen is a crime scene tonight , with the guilty men and women fleeing to the airport .
" There are no targets for carbon cuts and no agreement on a legally binding treaty , " he observed .
" It is now evident that beating global warming will require a radically different model of politics than the one on display here in Copenhagen . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It is understood that more than 150 people in the UK have been wrongly accused of illegal file - sharing in new crackdowns , and sent threatening letters demanding an out - of - court settlement of £ 500 , according to the BBC .
Consumer publication " Which ? " has been approached by over 150 people who say they have no knowledge of the illegal file - sharing of which they have been accused .
ACS : Law , the London - based firm behind the letters said its methods were accurate and that more letters would be sent soon .
" My 78 year - old father yesterday received a letter from ACS Law demanding £ 500 for a porn file he is alleged to have downloaded , " one person told Which ?
" He does n't even know what file - sharing or BitTorrent is so has certainly not done this himself or given anyone else permission to use his computer to do such a thing . "
Matt Bath , technology editor of Which ?
said " Innocent consumers are being threatened with legal action for copyright infringements they not only have n't committed , but would n't know how to commit . "
He added that many would " be frightened into paying up rather than facing the stress of a court battle . "
He advised those wrongly accused to " rigorously deny it and , if possible , provide physical evidence of where they were when the infringement took place . "
He also said that they should contact Which ? about their case .
Andrew Crossley of ACS : Law said that some cases had already been dropped .
He also said that the method used to detect the IP address used was " foolproof " .
" We are happy that the information we get is completely accurate , " he said .
" We explain that an infringement has taken place but it may not be the account holder who has done it . "
None of the 10,000 actions sent by the firm have yet to go to court , according to Crossley , but the firm apparently has " no fear of it , " with some already going to court .
He admitted that the majority of people settle out of court .
However , Matt Bath said that he doubts that the firm could prove beyond doubt that any particular individual was responsible for the illegal downloading .
As reported by the BBC , ACS : Law is currently being investigated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority .
Argentina President Cristina Kirchner has attempted to seize control of the central bank .
Kirchner fired central banker Martín Redrado for his refusal to hand over $ 6.6 billion in bank reserves .
The matter is now headed for the Argentinean courts .
Please consider the Constitutional Showdown in Argentina .
Argentine President Cristina Kirchner 's firing of the country 's central bank president last Wednesday has provoked a constitutional crisis , not unlike the one that rocked Honduras last summer .
Mrs. Kirchner 's insistence that the central bank 's assets should be at her disposal is noteworthy .
It reflects a primitive view , not unknown even in the U.S. , that the role of a central bank is to print money for the government 's use .
Yet it is nonetheless surprising that even after the nation has suffered so much inflationary agony , it is still possible for an Argentine politician to pursue this line of reasoning without risk of being tarred and feathered .
Already unpopular for her authoritarian style , Mrs. Kirchner would seem to be skating on precariously thin ice .
One opposition senator has pledged that if Mrs. Kirchner does not back down , he will begin impeachment proceedings .
The president says she wants the money to pay back foreign creditors .
She could pay them with funds that are already at the treasury , but she has other ideas for that money .
Argentina Set For Inflationary Explosion
Cascade Effect
While the story got little press in the US ( not sure about the EU ) , the action could be one that starts a cascading effect in Latin America where China is frantically acting to establish relations in order to secure energy and grain supplies .
And water shortages and rising energy costs risk a breakdown of internal distribution systems at the periphery , restrictions to transoceanic transport , increasing scale of mass migration and ethnic - racial conflict , and severe disruptions to trade flows and credits , as well as deteriorating trade and diplomatic relations across regions .
Textbook case .
1,370 million IP v4 addresses were used up this past decade .
We have 722 million left , so the bottom of the pool is in sight .
There are 3,706,650,624 usable IP v4 addresses .
On January 1 , 2000 , approximately 1,615 million ( 44 percent ) were in use and 2,092 million were still available .
Today , ten years later , 2,985 million addresses ( 81 percent ) are in use , and 722 million are still free .
In that time , the number of addresses used per year increased from 79 million in 2000 to 203 million in 2009 .
So it 's a near certainty that before Barack Obama vacates the White House , we 'll be out of IP v4 address .
( Even if he does n't get re-elected . )
The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority ( IANA ) , part of the Internet Corporation for Names and Numbers ( ICANN ) , manages the IP v4 address space .
IANA delegates blocks of 16,777,216 addresses called " / 8s " to the five Regional Internet Registries ( AfriNIC , APNIC , ARIN , LACNIC and the RIPE NCC ) which in turn give out address space to Internet Service Providers and ( sometimes ) end - user organizations .
As of the end of 2008 , IANA held 34 unused / 8s and the RIRs together held 371.91 million unused addresses .
The current status is :
Delegated to / status Blocks +/- 2009 Addresses
( millions ) Used
( millions ) Available
( millions ) AfriNIC 2 33.55 14.89 18.66 APNIC 34 +4 570.43 540.36 30.06 ARIN 31 520.09 486.58 33.51 LACNIC 6 100.66 79.77 20.89 RIPE NCC 30 +4 503.32 450.11 53.21 RIRs subtotal 103 +8 1728.05 1571.71 156.34 Legacy 92 1543.50 1413.88 129.62 Unallocated 26 -8 436.21 436.21 Totals 221 3707.76 2985.59 722.17
So the IANA global pool was only reduced by 8 / 8s , but the RIRs collectively reduced their working inventory by another 5 / 8s , bringing the total reduction of the free address space 13 / 8s , or 203.4 million IP v4 addresses , to be exact .
This makes 2009 the first year since 1992 that the number of IP v4 addresses given out has been more than 200 million .
Before 1993 , the amount of address space given out was much larger because only class A ( 16.78 million addresses ) , class B ( 65,536 addresses ) , or class C ( 256 addresses ) blocks could be given out .
In 1993 the routing system was upgraded to Classless InterDomain Routing ( CIDR ) , so it could work with address blocks that are an arbitrary power of two in size .
( In CIDR notation , a / 8 is a block of 2 ( 32 - 8 ) = 16,777,216 addresses . )
There is an old story that Stanford University supposedly has more IP v4 addresses than the entire country of China .
At the beginning of the decade , this was true : Stanford had the entire 36.0.0.0 / 8 class A block , more than twice the less - than 8 million addresses that were given out in China at the time .
Times have changed , however .
Last year , China passed Japan and took the number - two spot behind the US .
This year , organizations in China obtained another 50.67 million addresses for a total of 232 million .
And Stanford is one of the very few organizations that has returned a class A block .
The top 15 IPv4 - using countries are now :
Rank ( was ) Country January 1 , 2010
( millions ) January 1 , 2009
( millions ) Increase ( percent ) 1 United States 1495.13 1458.21 2 2 China 232.45 181.80 28 3 Japan 177.15 151.56 17 4 Europe general 149.48 120.29 24 5 ( 6 ) Germany 86.51 81.75 6 6 ( 9 ) Korea 77.77 66.82 16 7 Canada 76.96 74.49 3 8 France 75.54 68.04 11 9 ( 6 ) United Kingdom 74.18 86.31 - 14 10 Australia 39.77 36.26 10 11 Brazil 33.95 29.75 14 12 Italy 33.50 29.64 13 13 ( 14 ) Russia 28.47 23.18 23 14 ( 13 ) Taiwan 27.10 24.01 13 15 ( 17 ) Netherlands 22.84 21.67 5
The reduction in address use by the UK is because net 51.0.0.0 / 8 is now registered as country " EU " rather than " GB " .
The US now holds a hair over 50 percent of all IP v4 address space given out ( down from 52.4 percent a year ago ) , the other top 15 countries have 38 percent ( up from 35.8 percent ) , and the rest of the world has 12 percent , up from 11.8 .
So what does all of this mean for the future ?
For 2010 , probably not much , but 2010 could be the last year for IP v4 as we know it .
If IANA goes back to giving out 12 / 8s to the RIRs per year , IANA will be giving out the fifth - to - last / 8 somewhere in 2011 and then automatically also the other four .
After this , it is unlikely that current IP v4 address assignment policies will remain in effect for much longer .
This is in line with APNIC's Geoff Huston 's automated predictions , which currently peg September 14 , 2011 as the day the IANA global pool runs out , and November 1 , 2012 , as the day we last scrape the bottom of the IP v4 barrel .
At that point , running an IP v4 network will start to look a lot like a big game of musical chairs .
The good news is that although a hundred thousand times more IP v6 than IP v4 space has been given out , 99.974 percent of it is still available .
So after taking the IPv4 - to - IPv6 transition hurdle somewhere between the next Olympics and the next presidential elections , the Internet has ample room to continue growing .
UPDATE : The Mobius Doughnut !
A bagel is a geometric marvel all on its own — leave it to an MIT Ph.D. and mathematically minded sculptor to up the ante .
Professor and artist George Hart figures out how to cut a bagel into two congruent halves — they " pass through each other 's holes , like two links of a chain . "
One bagel .
Two halves .
Unbroken .
Interlocking .
Impossible , you say ?
Not when " the motion of the knife follows the surface of a two - twist Möbius strip . "
Yes , in a single long knife cut , you can transform an everyday bagel into two linked halves .
And the best part ?
It is much more fun to put cream cheese on these bagels than on an ordinary bagel .
In additional to the intellectual stimulation , you get more cream cheese , because there is slightly more surface area .
This is a revelation .
We 're running out to pick up a few bagels and follow his step - by - step instructions .
Until then , just take his word for it .
Update :
This works !
This really , really works .
If you 've never cut a bagel into two interlocking halves ( that is , all of you ) , grab a knife and try it .
You 'll never look at a bagel the same way again .
( Thanks , @harveyj ! )
Update # 2 : Check out the Mobius Doughnut !
Related : Serious Eats Finds New York 's Best Bagel
What 's Your Favorite New York Bagel ?
Vote !
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
EpiSurveyor and the Call For Open Source Mobile Healthcare Applications
by Ostatic Staff - Apr. 28 , 2009
Have you ever heard of EpiSurveyor ?
It 's an open source tool designed to allow anyone in the world to create handheld data entry forms , use them to collect data on mobile devices , and transfer the data to other devices for analysis .
Developed by Dr. Joel Selanikio ( shown ) , it 's widely used in public health efforts all around the world , for disease surveillance and collecting public health data .
Today , the Lemelson - MIT Program has announced that Selanikio is the recipient of its 2009 $ 100,000 Award for Sustainability for his contributions to public health .
Here is what 's significant about EpiSurveyor , and how there is room for open source apps like it .
As people all around the world increasingly tote mobile devices , their smartphones , netbooks and other gadgets also become increasingly potentially potent as data collection devices , and collecting health data is a good application of this concept .
I 've written before about how the open source community could have a big impact on the new wave of " doctor apps " for mobile devices .
When Apple showed off its early version of the iPhone 3.0 operating system recently , it also showed applications designed to monitor the blood pressure and glucose levels of iPhone owners , and send the data off to remote doctors .
Many more of these applications are on the way .
Dr. Selanikio , with his EpiSurveyor application , appears to be right on top of these trends , and he created a useful open source application that can improve public health efforts on behalf of others .
Consider this from the announcement of his award :
" With the proliferation of mobile phones and personal digital assistants ( PDAs ) , Selanikio recognized the potential of handheld computers in dramatically improving the data collection process .
“ I set out to develop software that was extremely simple to use ; taking the skills , expertise and capacity that previously came with hiring a consultant and instead , put the necessary tools into the hands of the actual public health officer , nurse or physician , ” states Selanikio .
“ I was determined to make the software both free and open source , so as not to raise barriers to data collection . ”
The announcement also points out that in developing parts of the world where laptops and computers are less prevalent , mobile devices such as cell phones are still in wide use .
EpiSurveyor is being especially widely used in Africa , but is also in use in Indonesia and many other parts of the world .
Interested parties can download it here , and also download a manual for it .
There are also videos showing field tests of EpiSurveyor .
Congratulations to Dr. Selanikio on a well - deserved award .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
As someone who Tweets for the Lord , 27 - year - old Esther Fleece has her work cut out for her .
In September , the evangelical powerhouse Focus on the Family hired Fleece as an emissary to people between 18 and 29 , a generation that between now and 2018 will grow by 4.5 million eligible voters each year .
As a group , these “ millennials ” already dwarf the politically powerful senior population , but they make up only a small and ever - shrinking sliver of the conservative Christian movement , which in turn accounts for 35 percent of the GOP vote .
Fleece ’s job is to bring them into the tent .
Just how tricky a task that is was evident when Fleece made her public debut in mid-September at the Values Voter Summit in Washington , a must - attend event for Republican presidential wannabes hoping to woo the party ’s most committed foot soldiers .
Barely a week into the job , she was part of a lineup that included House minority leader John Boehner , former Education Secretary Bill Bennett , and ex-presidential hopeful Mitt Romney .
A bubbly blonde with a communications degree , Fleece took the stage before a packed auditorium and surprised Focus on the Family president Jim Daly with a fist bump .
When Daly asked how many of her young Christian friends voted for Barack Obama , Fleece offered sheepishly , “ About 60 percent . ”
The audience gasped .
“ They thought he would bring diversity , ” she explained , surveying the virtually all - white crowd .
“ [ Millennials ] are a very diverse group . ”
And what about gay marriage , Daly asked ?
Fleece conceded that banning it did n’t resonate with many of her friends — some of whom , she let slip , are gay .
Fleece tried her best to soften her message with soothing biblical references and optimism for the future .
But the takeaway was obvious :
She was there because most of her contemporaries were not .
Organizers had tried hard to build an under - 50 component to the event , but as it was , the Boy Scout color guard was the most visible youth presence .
The summit did feature a speech by the youngest Baldwin brother , Stephen , a talk radio host who also runs an “ extreme sports ” ministry .
But when Baldwin , 43 , asked young people to stand for a round of applause , only a few dozen kids leapt up in a crowd of hundreds .
A few weeks after the Values summit , Phyllis Schlafly ‘s group , the Eagle Forum , held its annual How to Take Back America conference in St. Louis .
There , too , organizers devoted a session to “ How to Bring Youth Into the Conservative Movement . ”
The moderator was 65 - year - old Orlean Koehle , president of the Eagle Forum ’s California chapter , whose qualification derived from teaching at a John Birch Society youth camp .
She was joined by Schlafly ’s son Andy , 47 , a lawyer who also teaches online classes for home - schoolers , and Gary Bosley , a 64 - year - old marketing executive .
Only University of Virginia law student Karin Agness , 25 , the founder of a conservative student group , helped bring down the average .
Her advice on reaching a younger audience ?
Book clubs !
Polling data provides little solace for conservatives :
Not only are most millennials unmoved by many of the movement ’s core positions , but some of these positions are actively driving them away .
A recent study by the Center for American Progress found that nearly 60 percent of millennials favor gay marriage ; among voters over 30 , 60 percent oppose it .
And the Barna Group , a market research organization that caters to Christian clients , has found that even among young people who regularly attend church , only a third believe that “ homosexual lifestyles ” are a major problem .
Young churchgoers , writes Barna president David Kinnaman in his book , unChristian , “ remain unconvinced that the homosexual lifestyle is a problem for society … and they are embarrassed by the church ’s treatment of gays and lesbians . ”
Nor is tolerance the only area where Focus on the Family and similar groups have , in Fleece ’s gentle phrase , “ something of an image problem . ”
She notes that Focus ’ founder , 73 - year - old James Dobson , turned the organization into a political force primarily through a radio audience , and “ I have n’t listened to much radio lately . ”
She ’s helping Focus reach into social media , tweeting about music ( “ #u2webcast is incredible ” ) , Scripture ( “ Get the Bible on twitter !
New verse every hour ” ) and cars ( “ looking for SUV suggestions .
Safe , good on gas , cute … ” ) .
And she seeks to connect with her generational peers via her own childhood experience :
After first her father and then her stepfather left the family , she says , she was about to enter foster care at 17 when some caring people from her church rescued her .
She found stability inside the “ Christian bubble , ” going to a religious college for two years before transferring to Oakland University in Michigan .
Fleece says a lot of millennials can relate to her story : “ We just live in a divorce culture .
People do n’t realize the tremendous hurt that goes on with that . ”
She believes her generation ’s experience with divorce is one reason messages about the sanctity of heterosexual marriage do n’t ring true to her peers .
“ It is a message that hurts people .
And our message is n’t to hurt , ” she explains .
She ’s still struggling for an elevator speech that stresses the moral superiority of marriage between a man and a woman without making anyone feel bad .
It ’s a challenge when you work for an organization that , until last summer , was still running seminars to turn gay people straight .
But Fleece hopes that at some point , gay people will feel welcome at Focus .
“ I have biological family who are gay .
I mean , let ’s be honest — who does n’t ? ” she says .
While she does n’t endorse their lifestyle , Fleece thinks there is no reason to single out gays for more moral censure than , say , men who cheat on their wives .
“ We ’re all sinners . ”
At one time , such a confession might have seemed like a firing offense at a group like Focus .
But Fleece has been hired specifically to push the envelope , a move that suggests that at least some conservatives recognize the existential urgency of reaching youth .
Gary Schneeberger , Focus on the Family ’s vice president of ministry communications , says it comes down to simple numbers : “ Pollster Frank Luntz calls this generation the 2020 generation .
That ’s when 90 million of them will be eligible voters .
They will represent 39 percent of the electorate . ”
Schneeberger is fluent with Center for American Progress research indicating that millennials think religious faiths should focus on tolerance and “ peace in society , ” not fighting gay rights and abortion .
What young people really care about , he notes , are “ social justice issues ” and being part of a larger cause .
He admires the way President Obama tapped into this yearning during the campaign , a model that Focus hopes to emulate .
“ Our goal is to recognize what motivates this generation , ” he says .
“ We need to take what we ’re already doing ” — such as ministering to foster children — ” and express it in a way that meets them where they ’re at . ”
As for revising the positions that are alienating youth , though , that ’s not really in the cards .
“ The things we stand for , especially in the policy realm , are things that are rooted in our understanding of the Scripture , ” says Schneeberger .
“ So when we say we think we believe that marriage should be between a man and a woman , that ’s not going to change . ”
Matching donors cannot always be found , despite extensive registries A technique which may eventually remove the need for matched bone marrow transplants has been used in humans for the first time .
It is hoped that " master cells " taken from umbilical cords could be used on any patient without rejection .
The latest advance , published in the journal Nature Medicine , greatly multiplies the tiny number of cells from the cord ready for a transplant .
UK charity Leukaemia Research said this could be the " holy grail " for doctors .
Aggressive treatment
The current system of bone marrow transplantation helps patients who have diseases , such as leukaemia , which affect the stem cells in their bone marrow where new blood cells are grown .
The holy grail is to have an " off the peg " source of unlimited numbers of " neutral " stem cells
Dr David Grant
Leukaemia Research
Their own bone marrow cells are killed off by aggressive treatment and cells from a matched donor are introduced in their place .
However , a matching donor cannot always be found , despite extensive donor registries held by organisations such as the Anthony Nolan Bone Marrow Trust and , even with a carefully matched donor , there is still a risk that the patient 's body will reject the new cells .
Cells extracted from umbilical cords could overcome these problems - they do not have the characteristics which would normally trigger immune rejection , so it is likely that cells from a single baby 's cord could be used in any patient , without the need for matching .
However , there is one big disadvantage - there are not enough cells in a single cord to meet the needs of an adult patient .
Scientists have been looking for ways to either combine the cells from more than one baby , or to " expand " the cell numbers in the laboratory .
The second of these options is far from straightforward - simply allowing the stem cells to divide and increase in the laboratory means that many of the resulting extra cells will be simple blood cells , which do not have the ability to produce new cells themselves .
Quick to work Researchers at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle believe they may have found a way .
They manipulated a " signalling pathway " in the stem cells to trigger an increase in numbers without losing their stem cell status .
After success in laboratory animals , these cells were used in human patients , and the researchers found that they were accepted by the body more quickly and contributed more to the rebuilding of functioning bone marrow than " non-expanded " cord blood transplants .
Dr David Grant , Scientific Director of charity Leukaemia Research said : " The holy grail is to have an ' off the peg ' source of unlimited numbers of ' neutral ' stem cells which can be given to any patient safe in the knowledge that they will not cause the very difficult ' graft versus host ' problems that lead to rejection and often the death of the patient .
" This is a promising development towards this because the concern has been that once stem cells start ' growing ' they lose their stem cell properties and progress to ordinary blood cells with a very limited lifespan . "
Henny Braund , chief executive of The Anthony Nolan Trust , said the potential for umbilical cord blood was " huge " , and that the charity had already imported well over 250 units of umbilical cord blood .
" Sadly in the UK , despite our scientific expertise , umbilical cord blood is still very much an untapped resource and we are only able to collect and store a tiny amount of the cords we need .
" We really need a properly resourced UK cord blood collection programme .
" Further investment is crucial if we are to capitalise on this amazing resource and save more lives . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Welcome to Episode 14 .
In this episode we shall cover how you can get started with writing Google Chrome Extensions .
We shall also drive the Extension via our App Engine application .
We have already seen in earlier episodes how your App Engine applications participated within Google Wave , Google Talk , etc .
So this episode takes it further and shows how you can write a Google Chrome Extension whose data will be provided by our App Engine Application .
Google Chrome Extension
Google Chrome browser since its release has got a fair amount of developer mind share .
Recently they addressed extensibility of the Chrome browser by announcing support for writing your own extensions .
So the focus is now on the developer to take this extension mechanism , harness it and produce some great extensions that extend the capabilities of the browser .
You can read here the official announcement for Extension support over here .
Google Chrome Dev Channel version
Note :
The first thing that you need to do is download a copy of the Chrome Browser from their Dev Channel because extensions are currently supported there till they come into the mainstream release .
So given that , make sure that you download that version of Google Chrome browser .
The Beta channel or the Dev channel is available at : http://www.chromium.org/getting-involved/dev-channel.
Depending on your Operation System , download the appropriate version and install it .
To check that you have extension enabled correctly , launch the Chrome Browser and click on the Settings icon as shown below .
You should see the Extensions menu item available .
It is a good idea to take a look at the existing Chrome Extensions gallery that lists several excellent extensions that you can start using today inside of your Google Chrome browser .
The gallery is available at Gallery : https://chrome.google.com/extensions.
This page also contains a link where you can submit your extension too for the world to use !
See it in Action
Let us see our Google Chrome Extension that we shall build in this episode .
The extension is a simple Reminder application .
It shows the current Reminders that you have set up for the month .
All the data is saved and managed by our App Engine application and the Chrome Extension simply requests and fetches the data for the current month .
Shown below is the Chrome Browser screen with our Extension available as a little red icon in the Toolbar .
When we click the icon , it will fetch the reminders that I have setup in the current month ( December ) and display them as shown below :
Sounds good ?
We shall split up the details into two parts :
Part I :
The first part will deal with developing / deploying our Server side application .
This application will be deployed as a Google App Engine Java application .
We shall keep the implementation simple and not do any database operations , etc .
The focus is on the second part where we need to understand what it takes to get a simple Chrome Extension up and running , and which is powered by this Google App Engine application .
Part II : The second part will deal with how you can write a Google Chrome Extension .
We will consider the bare minimum that you need to do to get your extension working .
I will leave the design and look / feel aspects to you .
Alright then , let ’s get started .
Developing our Java Web Application : MyReminderApp
The first thing to do is to create a New Google Web Application Project .
Follow these steps :
1. Either click on File –> New –>
Other or press Ctrl - N to create a new project .
Select Google and then Web Application project .
Alternately you could also click on the New Web Application Project Toolbar icon as part of the Google Eclipse plugin .
2 . In the New Web Application Project dialog , deselect the Use Google Web Toolkit and give a name to your project .
I have named mine MyReminderApp .
I suggest you go with the same name so that things are consistent with the rest of the article .
3. Click on Finish .
This will generate the project and also create a sample Servlet named MyReminderAppServlet for you .
We shall be modifying this Servlet code appropriately .
Design discussion
Now that the project template is ready , let me discuss in brief what we shall be building :
1. A simple Reminder App that contains a list of Reminders .
Each Reminder is kept simple and has 3 attributed only :
The day , month and the description .
For e.g. [ 25,12 , Christmas Day ] , [ 19,12 , My Birthday ] , [ 1,1 , New Year Day ] , [ 31,7 , Pay Taxes ] and so on .
2 . So we will define a Reminder .
java class that simply has getter / setters for the 3 attributes : day , month and description
3 . We will then write a ReminderService . java class ( A Singleton ) that implements two simple functions :
ArrayList < Reminder > findRemindersByMonth ( String month )
This method returns the reminders for a particular month .
We pass in “ 1 ” and we get reminders defined for January , etc .
( String month )
This method returns the reminders for a particular month .
We pass in “ 1 ” and we get reminders defined for January , etc. ArrayList < Reminder > findCurrentMonthReminders ( )
This method returns the reminders for the current month .
The method determines which month is currently on and retrieves reminders for that month only .
And this is precisely the method that will be invoked when our extension asks for the current reminders .
4. Finally , we shall modify the MyReminderAppServlet .
java so that it implements a simple REST like interface for retrieving the reminders .
If the request stream contains a parameter named month , then the reminders will be returned for that month by invoking the findRemindersByMonth method .
If the request stream does not contain a parameter named month , then the current month reminders will be returned by invoking the findCurrentMonthReminders ( ) method .
The response will be returned in XML format .
Given next are the code listings , that should be straight forward to understand now :
Reminder.java
package com.reminderapp ; public class Reminder { private String day ; private String month ; private String event ; public Reminder ( String day , String month , String event ) { super ( ) ; this .
day = day ; this .
month = month ; this .event = event ; } public String getDay ( ) { return day ; } public void setDay ( String day ) { this .day = day ; } public String getMonth ( ) { return month ; } public void setMonth ( String month ) { this .
month = month ; } public String getEvent ( ) { return event ; } public void setEvent ( String event ) { this .
event = event ; } }
The Reminder class simply has 3 attributes : day , month and year .
There are getter / setter for each of these attributes and a constructor that takes in all the 3 attributes .
We are keeping at as String for now to keep things simple .
ReminderService.java
package com.reminderapp ; import java.util.ArrayList ; import java.util .
Calendar ; public class ReminderService { private static ReminderService _instance = null ; private ArrayList < Reminder > _reminderList = null ; private ReminderService ( ) { initializeData ( ) ; } public static ReminderService getInstance ( ) { if ( _instance == null ) { _instance = new ReminderService ( ) ; } return _instance ; } public ArrayList < Reminder > findRemindersByMonth( String month ) { ArrayList < Reminder > _results = new ArrayList < Reminder >( ) ; for ( Reminder reminder : _reminderList ) { if ( reminder.getMonth ( ).equals ( month ) ) { _results.add ( reminder ) ; } } return _results ; } public ArrayList < Reminder > findCurrentMonthReminders ( ) { ArrayList < Reminder > _results = new ArrayList < Reminder >( ) ; String currentMonth = " " + ( Calendar.getInstance().get ( Calendar.MONTH ) +1 ) ; for ( Reminder reminder : _reminderList ) { if ( reminder.getMonth().equals( currentMonth ) ) { _results.add ( reminder ) ; } } return _results ; } private void initializeData ( ) { _reminderList = new ArrayList < Reminder >( ) ; Reminder R1 = new Reminder ( " 1 " , " 1 " , " New Year Day " ) ; Reminder R2 = new Reminder ( " 26 " , " 1 " , " Republic Day " ) ; Reminder R3 = new Reminder ( " 15 " , " 8 " , " Independence Day " ) ; Reminder R4 = new Reminder ( " 25 " , " 12 " , " Christmas Day " ) ; Reminder R5 = new Reminder ( " 31 " , " 12 " , " New Year Eve " ) ; _reminderList.add( R1 ) ; _reminderList.add( R2 ) ; _reminderList.add( R3 ) ; _reminderList.add( R4 ) ; _reminderList.add ( R5 ) ; } }
The ReminderService is a singleton class .
And we are initializing some data here via the initializeData ( ) call .
We are not complicating things by using a database here but this is something that should ideally be there in a real application .
As you can notice we add 5 sample records and for the current month i.e.
December ( 12 ) , we have two events .
The two methods findRemindersByMonth and findCurrentMonthReminders are straightforward in which it goes through the reminderList and matches the records as appropriate .
MyReminderAppServlet.java
package com.reminderapp ; import java.io.
IOException ; import java.util.ArrayList ; import javax.servlet.http.* ; @ SuppressWarnings ( " serial " ) public class MyReminderAppServlet extends HttpServlet { public void doGet ( HttpServletRequest req , HttpServletResponse resp ) throws IOException { resp.setContentType(" text/xml " ) ; //resp.getWriter ( ) . println ( " Hello , world " ) ; String month = ( String ) req.getParameter ( " month " ) ; ArrayList < Reminder > _results = null ; if ( month == null ) { _results = ReminderService.getInstance().findCurrentMonthReminders ( ) ; } else { _results = ReminderService.getInstance().findRemindersByMonth( month ) ; } StringBuilder SB = new StringBuilder ( ) ; SB.append ( " <?xml version= \" 1.0\ " ? > " ) ; SB.append ( " < ReminderList > " ) ; for ( Reminder reminder : _results ) { SB.append ( " < Reminder >" +reminder.getDay ( ) + " /" +reminder.getMonth ( ) + " : " + reminder.getEvent ( ) + " </ Reminder > " ) ; } SB.append ( "</ReminderList > " ) ; resp.getWriter() .println( SB.toString ( ) ) ; } }
Let us go through the code for the MyReminderAppServlet in brief :
1. It implements the doGet ( … ) method and inspects if a request parameter named month is passed or not .
2 . If the month parameter is passed , its value is extracted and the findRemindersByMonth method is invoked .
Else the findCurrentMonthReminders is invoked .
3 . The result is then formatted into a simple XML structure and then it is returned back in the response stream .
Configuring the Servlet
We need to make sure that the entry for < servlet / > and < servlet - mapping /> in the web.xml file .
is there for MyReminderAppServlet .
This file is present in the WEB - INF folder of the project .
The necessary fragment to be added to your web.xml file are shown below .
< servlet > < servlet-name>MyReminderApp</servlet-name > < servlet-class>com.reminderapp.MyReminderAppServlet</servlet-class > </ servlet > < servlet - mapping > < servlet-name>MyReminderApp</servlet-name > <url - pattern>/myreminderapp</url-pattern> </servlet - mapping >
Deploying the Application
To deploy the application , you will need to first create your Application ID .
The Application Identifier can be created by logging in at http://appengine.google.com with your Google Account .
You will see a list of application identifiers already registered under your account ( or none if you are just getting started ) .
To create a new Application , click on the Create Application button and provide the Application Identifier as requested .
Please note this name down since you will be using it for deployment .
For e.g .
I have registered an application identifier named itsareminder .
To deploy the application , follow these steps ( they should be familiar to you now ) :
Click on the Deploy Icon in the Toolbar .
In the Deploy dialog , provide your Email and Password .
Do not click on Deploy button yet .
Click on the App Engine Project settings link .
This will lead you to a dialog , where you need to enter your Application ID [ For e.g. my Application Identifier itsareminder ]
Click on OK .
You will be lead back to the previous screen , where you can click on the Deploy button .
This will start deploying your application to the GAEJ cloud .
You should see several messages in the Console window as the application is being deployed .
Finally , you should see the message “ Deployment completed successfully ” .
Testing our Reminder Service
To test our Reminder Service , we can use the http://<AppId>.appspot.com/myreminderapp
URL .
You can replace it with your AppId and endpoint as appropriate to your application .
For e.g .
I have hosted it at http://itsareminder.appspot.com/myreminderapp and putting this in the browser returns me the Reminders that are set for the current Month i.e. Month of December .
I get the following response XML :
< ReminderList >< Reminder >25/12 : Christmas Day</ Reminder >< Reminder >31/12 : New Year Eve</ Reminder ></ReminderList >
Now that the development of the Reminder Service is complete , we can move on to the next part i.e. developing the Chrome Extension .
Developing the Reminder Service Chrome Extension
The official documentation on developing a Chrome Extension is quite good and you can refer it for more details .
I will keep things to a minimum here and cover only what is required to get the Chrome Extension up and running .
Follow these steps :
1. Create a folder on your machine .
For e.g .
I have created the following folder on my machine in C:\ .
It is c:\MyReminderExtension .
All the necessary files that we create for the extension will reside in this folder .
2 . To create an extension , we need at the minimum 3 files .
The three files are an icon file for your extension .
This icon will be visible in the toolbar as we saw earlier .
The second file is a manifest file called manifest .
json .
The manifest provides important metadata about the extension like name , version , permissions , action , etc .
And the final file is the html file in which you will keep the core of your extensions code written in Javascript .
3 . So the first thing that I do is to create a manifest file for the extension .
The manifest . json file for the Reminder Service is shown below :
{ " name " : " My Reminder Extension " , " version " : " 1.0 " , " description " : " Reminders based on month " , " browser_action " : { " default_icon " : " myreminder.png " , " popup " : " reminder.html " } , " permissions " : [ " http://itsareminder.appspot.com/ " ] }
As you can see this is pretty simple .
There is the standard name / version / description that you can give as per your preferences .
The browser_action has two important attributes .
The default_icon refers to the icon file that contains the icon for our extension .
So this means that we will have the myreminder.png file present in the same folder .
The popup attribute indicates which HTML file to be invoked when the icon is clicked .
The permissions attribute indicates which domain the extension will be accessing to retrieve the data .
In our case it is the http://itsareminder.appspot.com domain at which we hosted our application .
4 . As shown above , we will create a file named myreminder.png in the same folder i.e. C:\MyReminderExtension .
5 . Finally , we have the reminder . html file that will contain the code of the extension .
It is listed below :
< style > body { min-width : 200 px ; overflow - x: hidden ; } </style > < script > var req = new XMLHttpRequest ( ) ; req.open ( " GET " , " http://itsareminder.appspot.com/myreminderapp " , true ) ; req.onload = showReminders ; req.send ( null ) ; function showReminders ( ) { var reminders = req.responseXML.getElementsByTagName(" Reminder " ) ; for ( var i = 0 , reminder ; reminder = reminders [ i ] ; i++) { var reminderDIV = document.createElement ( " div " ) ; reminderDIV.innerHTML
= reminder.textContent ; document.body.appendChild(reminderDIV ) ; } } </script >
The code above is focussed around the < script > tag .
It requires knowledge about AJAX and the XMLHttpRequest object along with some Javascript basics .
The core pieces are mentioned below :
1 . We use the XMLHttpRequest to make a call to our Reminder Service .
The end point is where our servlet is present to serve the requests i.e .
http://itsareminder.appspot.com/myreminderapp.
2 . When we get the response XML , we call the showReminders ( ) method .
This method simply parses the < Reminder > tags and for each tag , it creates a < div > element in which the text content is the Reminder Event Text returned .
Its appends each of the < div /> elements to the document .
body as shown .
Simple isnt it ?
Now let us see how to install this extension into your Chrome browser to test it out .
Installing the Reminder Chrome Extension
At this point in time , I will assume that you have the following 3 files created in the C : \MyReminder folder :
manifest.json
myreminder.png
reminder.html
You could have created different files but just remember that you need the icon , manifest and your html file that implements the Chrome extension code .
Once you have that , follow these steps :
1. Launch Google Chrome Browser .
You need to go the Extensions page that allows you to view the current extensions installed and from where you can either install new extensions / reload / uninstall , etc .
There are two ways to go to that page :
In the address , type in chrome:// extensions
From the settings option as mentioned in the start of this article , click on the “ Extensions ” menu option .
2 . You should see a screen that looks something like this :
What this means is that there are no extensions currently installed in my Chrome browser .
If there were any , they would be listed over here .
3. Click on the Load unpacked extension button .
This will bring up a dialog box from where you can navigate to the folder where your extension files are present .
In our case , it was the C : \MyReminderExtension and so I navigate to that and click on OK as shown below :
4 . This will install the Chrome Extension in the browser as shown below :
5 . Finally , we can test out the browser by clicking on the icon and it will display the list of Reminders for the current month .
If you have newer versions , all you need to do is simply click on Reload option for the extension .
Alternately , you can also Uninstall and load it again .
Some points to note :
1 . You have not completely installed this extension .
What this means is that if you close the Chrome Browser and launch it again , this Extension will not be visible .
2 . The next step would be to visit the official documentation at http://code.google.com/chrome/extensions/getstarted.html and also go to the gallery and submit your Extension .
The gallery is present at : https://chrome.google.com/extensions and you will find a link to submit your extension .
Click that and follow the steps to submit your extension .
All you will need to provide from your side will be a ZIP file of the folder that we mentioned above .
Conclusion
This concludes the final episode of the year 2009 .
In this episode we covered how to write a Google Chrome Extension and power it via a Google App Engine application .
I hope that the new year takes you further into writing Cloud applications using Google App Engine .
I will continue to explore tools / languages / APIs / extensions that work in coherence with the Google App Engine .
The journey or might I say “ Experiments ” are far from over .
Have a great 2010 and thanks for reading this blog .
Its been a joy to share my experiments with all of you .
Comment spam is a fact of life for blogs and sites with an open door policy for comments and interaction .
Comment spam arrives on your website in two main ways .
Occasionally by hand posting of time - wasting idiots who post nonsense for fun or try to get links to their site by posting links to their site everywhere , but more often by robots , little Internet programs that crawl around looking for websites with comments and posting links to online gambling and medications for improving your sex life or extending your life .
Here are some examples .
Pitiful Time Wasters
The pitiful time wasters are the people , often kids , who have nothing better to do but search the Internet for random subjects and then post comments like “ Your site sucks ” , “ f**k you ” , “ This is such a stupid waste of time ” , “ Why do n’t you have pictures of naked women ? ” , and my personal favorite , “ You do n’t have what I ’m looking for .
I hate you . ”
You cannot easily control these , but for the most part , WordPress and most blogging and CMS tools tend to spot these using sophisticated filtering and stop them or hold them for moderation , especially if it the comment spam includes swear words .
Link Needers
The web is built on links .
Search engines increase page ranking dependent upon who you link to but mostly who links to you .
People try all kinds of tricks to get their website to the top of the search engine rankings , and link needers are coming after you .
By posting a link to their site on your site ’s comments , they have bypassed the traditional kind request for a link to their site and forced one upon you .
Sometimes they are tricky and try to make the comment match the content , but you can usually tell the difference .
Comment Spam Robots Comment spam robots are the worst of the comment spam criminals .
These are software robots that crawl around the Internet looking for open comments .
When they find them , they hook in and start leaving comments all over your site about whatever they are dishing out , usually drugs , medicines , male enhancements , vitamins , gambling , and porn .
Their comment spam rarely arrives alone but hits multiple posts throughout your site with the same comment , or a slight variation on a theme .
WordPress and other blogging and CMS developers work hard to fight comment spam robots off , protecting their users .
It gets harder and harder as people keep designing smarter detection avoiding programs , but the developers usually keep a step ahead of these criminal time wasters .
Sneaky Comment Spammers
The sneaky comment spammers are the ones you really have to look for .
They require more work to determine if they are legitimate .
These are the nice comment spammers .
They say things like : “ I really like your site , keep up the good work . ”
“ This is a beautiful site . ”
“ It looks like you worked hard to create this site .
Good work . ”
“ I like what you have to say .
I ’m going to tell my friends . ”
“ This is really good information .
I ’m going to mark it as a favorite . ”
When these first started showing up , I preened .
I even pointed them out to my husband with pride .
Then I learned that these were NOT legitimate but creepy comment spam robots that were lying and creating links to their sites .
Some investigation found that some of these links were indeed hooking up with pharmacy and gambling sites .
DAMN !
These are the sneaky comment spammers !
More and more comment spam prevention tools help to eliminate these , but if you get a lot of “ nice comments ” within a day or two across many posts – you ’ve been hit by a sneaky comment spammer .
Stay tuned for A Day in the Life of a Paranoid Website Administrator , where I talk about what it ’s like being not only a paranoid website administrator , but a comment watcher .
We ’ll also talk about what you can do to tackle and fight back against comment spam .
Site Search Tags : comment , spam , comments , spammer , website , administrator , blog , admin , spam , spam+bots , comment + spam
Copyright Lorelle VanFossen
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
In his column today , the New York Times ’ David Leonhardt takes to task the Federal Reserve and its chairman , Ben Bernanke , for not acknowledging that they inexplicably missed the housing bubble , and questions the Fed ’s ability to spot future bubbles .
In the wake of Bernanke ’s speech this weekend in which he deflected blame for the crisis and instead pointed to lax regulation as the culprit , Leonhardt rightly notes , as many others have , the numerous occasions in the lead - up to the crisis when Bernanke and his predecessor , Alan Greenspan , rejected the idea of a housing meltdown and the broader crisis to follow .
Like Bernanke saying “ We ’ve never had a decline in house prices on a nationwide basis ” in 2005 , or that Fed officials “ do not expect significant spillovers from the subprime market to the rest of the economy ” in 2007 .
Ouch .
Still , near the end of his column , Leonhardt begrudgingly concedes that the Fed “ does seem to be the best agency to regulate financial firms . ”
Say it ai n’t so , Dave .
Leonhardt , I reckon , lets the Fed off far too easily .
The Fed did n’t just miss the bubble and all its warning signs ; it actively ignored them , especially when it came to protecting consumers .
As our own Kevin Drum writes in his monster feature on the Big Finance lobby , “ the Fed ignored years of pleading from community groups to do something about abusive mortgage lending . ”
That ’s a reference to the Washington Post ‘s stellar reporting on how Fed officials turned a blind eye to the repeated pleas of community groups to rein in abusive lending practices — the kinds of predatory lending that precipitated the crisis :
[ D]uring the years of the housing boom , the pleas failed to move the Fed , the sole federal regulator with authority over the businesses .
Under a policy quietly formalized in 1998 , the Fed refused to police lenders ’ compliance with federal laws protecting borrowers , despite repeated urging by consumer advocates across the country and even by other government agencies .
…
Banks and their subprime affiliates made loans under the same laws , but only the banks faced regular federal scrutiny .
Under the policy , the Fed did not even investigate consumer complaints against the affiliates .
The Post article mentions that the Fed has since tried to take a proactive stance on consumer protection , but it ’s clearly too little too late .
And if history is any example , promises of better regulation and greater scrutiny only fade with time , and it would n’t be surprising to see the Fed revert back to the way it was before the housing meltdown .
All of which is to say , no matter how much Ben Bernanke believes the Fed is still the right regulator for the job , we ’re better off giving that power to a consumer financial protection agency .
America still has a race problem , though not the one that conventional wisdom would suggest : the racism of whites toward blacks .
Old fashioned white racism has lost its legitimacy in the world and become an almost universal disgrace .
The essence of our new " post - modern " race problem can be seen in the parable of the emperor 's new clothes .
The emperor was told by his swindling tailors that people who could not see his new clothes were stupid and incompetent .
So when his new clothes arrived and he could ...
I do n't think it was silly of you to put your question in this section , but since it concerns a physical symptom , I 'd suggest you make sure that all the mundane possibilities are ruled out before you start thinking that what you 're seeing are faeries , orbs , the edge of your aura or whatever .
What you describe is very likely nothing to worry about , but it would be very silly of you to accept a mystical or spiritual explanation when the mundane alternative could be a problem with your eyes , brain , nerves or some other aspect of your body 's functions which , if left undiagnosed and untreated , could leave you with a serious disability or worse .
If you discuss the symptoms with a doctor and he or she says that you 're in great health and your eyes are fine , shrugs and says the flashes are just one of those things , then it would be reasonable for you to start looking for magical , mystical explanations .
Until you get that all - clear , you'd be wiser to assume that your mundane symptoms are due to a mundane cause .
Chris Floyd Published : 30 December 2009 Hits : 14174
I wrote a piece here a few days ago on a recent ruling by the Supreme Court , in which the justices agreed with the passionate plea of the Obama Administration to uphold -- and establish as legal precedent -- some of the most egregious of the Bush Administration 's authoritarian perversions .
This was the gist of the ruling :
The Supreme Court acquiesced to the president 's fervent request and , in a one - line ruling , let stand a lower court decision that declared torture an ordinary , expected consequence of military detention , while introducing a shocking new precedent for all future courts to follow : anyone who is arbitrarily declared a " suspected enemy combatant " by the president or his designated minions is no longer a " person . "
They will simply cease to exist as a legal entity .
They will have no inherent rights , no human rights , no legal standing whatsoever -- save whatever modicum of process the government arbitrarily deigns to grant them from time to time , with its ever - shifting tribunals and show trials .
One of the attorneys involved in the case rightly likened the ruling to the infamous 1857 Dred Scott decision , in which the Court declared that any person of African descent brought to the United States as a slave -- or their descendants , even if they had been freed -- could never be citizens of the United States and were not protected by the Constitution .
They were non-persons under the law ; sub -humans .
I noted the grim irony that this principle of non-personhood had now been reintroduced into the law of the land by our first African - American president .
( But this is only to be expected , given the law of opposites that so often governs American politics : only a lifelong Red - baiter like Nixon could make an opening to Communist China ; only a supposed liberal like Bill Clinton could gut the federal welfare system .
And only an African - American president could reintroduce the principle of slavery and get away with it .
No doubt it will be a woman president who finally re-imposes a total ban on abortion . )
My piece was picked up by a few other sites , where it attracted some criticism for being too " extreme , " too shrill , too panicky and exaggerated .
After all , some critics said , this case involves foreigners rounded up in the context of a military conflict .
( An undeclared , open - ended , borderless , lawless conflict , but still . )
And while one might consider the captives treatment a bit too rough or unjust , it is still a far leap to conclude that the Supreme Court ruling implies some kind of general attack on the liberties of real , honest - to - god American citizens !
Ah , what bliss it must be , to dwell in such sweet ignorance .
The many decisions by the Supreme Court and lower courts upholding the federal government 's authoritarian power to strip Terror War captives of inherent and inalienable legal rights are part of a larger framework that applies both in theory and in practice to everyone -- American citizens included .
What we are seeing is the construction of a new " social contract , " the open codification of a new relationship between the individual and the state , in which all powers and rights reside solely in the latter , which can bestow them or withhold them at will , arbitrarily , unaccountable .
In contrast , it is the individual who must be totally accountable to the state .
The state is bound by no law , but the individual is subject to them all -- including " secret laws " and decrees and executive orders of which he or she has no knowledge .
The state has always tended toward the imposition of this feudal condition , of course -- hence the many balks and bafflements to state power that have been attempted over the years .
But now the exaltation of state power over any claim of individual rights is being openly declared , avidly pursued , and judicially ratified .
And yes , Virginia , it all applies to American citizens as well .
Chris Hedges demonstrates this clearly in a devastating piece on the case of American citizen Syed Fahad Hashmi .
Below is an excerpt , but you should read the whole piece :
Syed Fahad Hashmi can tell you about the dark heart of America .
He knows that our First Amendment rights have become a joke , that habeas corpus no longer exists and that we torture , not only in black sites such as those at Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan or at Guantánamo Bay , but also at the federal Metropolitan Correctional Center ( MCC ) in Lower Manhattan .
Hashmi is a U.S. citizen of Muslim descent imprisoned on two counts of providing and conspiring to provide material support and two counts of making and conspiring to make a contribution of goods or services to al - Qaida .
As his case prepares for trial , his plight illustrates that the gravest threat we face is not from Islamic extremists , but the codification of draconian procedures that deny Americans basic civil liberties and due process ....
Hashmi , who if convicted could face up to 70 years in prison , has been held in solitary confinement for more than 2½ years .
Special administrative measures , known as SAMs , have been imposed by the attorney general to prevent or severely restrict communication with other prisoners , attorneys , family , the media and people outside the jail .
He also is denied access to the news and other reading material .
Hashmi is not allowed to attend group prayer .
He is subject to 24 - hour electronic monitoring and 23 - hour lockdown .
He must shower and go to the bathroom on camera .
He can write one letter a week to a single member of his family , but he can not use more than three pieces of paper .
He has no access to fresh air and must take his one hour of daily recreation in a cage .
...
“ My brother was an activist , ” Hashmi ’s brother , Faisal , told me by phone from his home in Queens .
“ He spoke out on Muslim issues , especially those dealing with the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
His arrest and torture have nothing to do with providing ponchos and socks to al - Qaida , as has been charged , but the manipulation of the law to suppress activists and scare the Muslim American community .
My brother is an example .
His treatment is meant to show Muslims what will happen to them if they speak about the plight of Muslims .
We have lost every single motion to preserve my brother ’s humanity and remove the special administrative measures .
These measures are designed solely to break the psyche of prisoners and terrorize the Muslim community .
These measures exemplify the malice towards Muslims at home and the malice towards the millions of Muslims who are considered as non-humans in Iraq and Afghanistan . ”
...“ Most of the evidence is classified , ” Jeanne Theoharis , an associate professor of political science at Brooklyn College who taught Hashmi , told me , “ but Hashmi is not allowed to see it .
He is an American citizen .
But in America you can now go to trial and all the evidence collected against you can not be reviewed .
You can spend 2 ½ years in solitary confinement before you are convicted of anything .
There has been attention paid to extraordinary rendition , Guantánamo and Abu Ghraib with this false idea that if people are tried in the United States things will be fair .
But what allowed Guantánamo to happen was the devolution of the rule of law here at home , and this is not only happening to Hashmi . ”
The case against Hashmi revolves around the testimony of Junaid Babar , also an American citizen .
Babar , in early 2004 , stayed with Hashmi at his London apartment for two weeks .
In his luggage , the government alleges , Babar had raincoats , ponchos and waterproof socks , which Babar later delivered to a member of al - Qaida in south Waziristan , Pakistan .
It was alleged that Hashmi allowed Babar to use his cell phone to call conspirators in other terror plots .
“ Hashmi grew up here , was well known here , was very outspoken , very charismatic and very political , ” said Theoharis .
“ This is really a message being sent to American Muslims about the cost of being politically active .
It is not about delivering alleged socks and ponchos and rain gear .
Do you think al - Qaida ca n’t get socks and ponchos in Pakistan ?
The government is planning to introduce tapes of Hashmi ’s political talks while he was at Brooklyn College at the trial .
Why are we willing to let this happen ?
Is it because they are Muslims , and we think it will not affect us ?
People who care about First Amendment rights should be terrified .
This is one of the crucial civil rights issues of our time .
We ignore this at our own peril . ”
Babar , who was arrested in 2004 and has pleaded guilty to five counts of material support for al - Qaida , also faces up to 70 years in prison .
But he has agreed to serve as a government witness and has already testified for the government in terror trials in Britain and Canada .
Babar will receive a reduced sentence for his services , and many speculate he will be set free after the Hashmi trial .
Since there is very little evidence to link Hashmi to terrorist activity , the government will rely on Babar to prove intent .
This intent will revolve around alleged conversations and statements Hashmi made in Babar ’s presence .
Hashmi , who was a member of the New York political group Al Muhajiroun as a student at Brooklyn College , has made provocative statements , including calling America “ the biggest terrorist in the world , ” but Al Muhajiroun is not defined by the government as a terrorist organization .
Membership in the group is not illegal .
And our complicity in acts of state terror is a historical fact .
There will be more Hashmis , and the Justice Department , planning for future detentions , set up in 2006 a segregated facility , the Communication Management Unit , at the federal prison in Terre Haute , Ind .
Nearly all the inmates transferred to Terre Haute are Muslims .
A second facility has been set up at Marion , Ill. , where the inmates again are mostly Muslim but also include a sprinkling of animal rights and environmental activists ...
A teenage girl has told how she tried to comfort a dying man who became impaled on railings when he tried to escape an intense fire in a Limerick city centre apartment block .
Brian Power Close ( 31 ) died on Tuesday night after he landed on railings when he tried to jump from his fourth - floor apartment in Upper Cecil Street , Limerick , after a fire started inside the building .
Rebecca McCarthy ( 14 ) from Garryowen , was visiting a cousin and friends in the terraced building when the blaze broke out around 9 pm .
" It was terrible , it was the worst experience I ever had in my whole life , " Rebecca said .
" We were walking by and my cousin was standing at the door and he invited us in for a chat .
A couple of my friends were there also , " she said .
" Next thing , a fella was outside shouting up at the window saying : ' There is a fire , there is a fire . '
My sister went to open the door and a big puff of smoke came out , so we slammed the door and we all got out the window from the second floor , " Rebecca said .
" We all got out safe and sound , but my friend Belinda ( O'Sullivan ) was back in there .
Everyone was telling me not to go back in but I ran back in looking for her , but I could n't find her .
" The fire was going the whole way up the stairs .
She was up on a window - ledge and was too scared to jump , but the fire brigade got her down . "
In the meantime , Mr Power Close tried to escape the blaze via a fourth - floor window .
" He was trying to get out the window .
" Everyone was telling him to jump , but I started screaming : ' Do n't jump , do n't jump , wait for the fire brigade . '
" He jumped , but slipped and he fell on his back on to the railings .
It was awful , I saw it all happening , " Rebecca said .
" I ran over .
Everyone was screaming and covering their faces .
I said : ' Are you all right , are you all right , talk to me . '
He looked up at me and said : ' Please , love , will you help me ?'
" I said the fire brigade and the ambulance are on the way , just calm down and I will keep you safe .
I was just trying to keep him alive , really .
He was talking to me .
" He just said : ' Thanks for coming over to me , thanks for helping me , you are an angel ' . "
Mr Power Close was rushed to the Mid-Western Regional Hospital in Dooradoyle , but died at around 10.30 pm .
Assistant state pathologist Dr Michael Curtis was due to carry out a post - mortem last evening .
A 19 - year - old girl , who was also in the building , was treated for smoke inhalation and is expected to make a full recovery .
A number of other residents , including an elderly woman , were also evacuated from the Georgian building .
Three units of Limerick City Fire and Rescue Service , along with a fire tender from Shannon , fought the blaze .
The scene of the disaster remained sealed off yesterday and garda investigations are continuing .
It is believed that the fire started in a laundry room on the first floor .
" We are still trying to establish what caused the fire and at the moment we are looking at equipment in laundry room , " said Supt Frank O'Brien from Henry Street garda station .
Source Irish Independent
Belfast Telegraph
Jo Frederiksen of The Woodlands has joined the ever - growing number of women who claim they were sexually abused and harassed in Iraq under the watch of their former employer , Halliburton 's Kellogg Brown & Root .
She recently filed a lawsuit in Harris County District Court against the company .
According to the lawsuit , Frederiksen joined KBR in July 2003 and was stationed in Baghdad .
While there , she claims she was " inappropriately touched , stalked , intimidated and verbally harassed " on the job as well as in her living quarters .
When Frederiksen reported her concerns to KBR investigators , she claims nothing was done to stop the harassment and that many of the people she accused were promoted or moved to other work sites without ever being disciplined .
Then there are the allegations involving illegal brothels and retaliation .
While working in Iraq , Frederiksen claims she became aware of " rampant illicit criminal behavior " having to do with prostitution and human trafficking by KBR employees , according to the lawsuit .
She claims that KBR employees frequented a brothel in Thailand " at the direction and encouragement " of KBR managers , and that the brothel and a nearby bar were partly owned by a KBR manager stationed in Iraq .
" The lack of oversight toward this criminal behavior and the type of behavior , prostitution and human trafficking , only lends credence and support to a morally and ethically corrupt environment -- where women are second - rate citizens provided for the pleasure of men , not valued employees that deserve the protection of KBR and the respect of their fellow workers , " Frederiksen claims in the lawsuit .
When Frederiksen tried to report the sexual and verbal harassment to her male boss , he would then tell the accused , breaching the confidentiality she was entitled to and thus putting Frederiksen in an even more hostile situation , according to the lawsuit .
After telling her superiors about both the abuse she was suffering and the illegal prostitution , Frederkisen was involuntarily transferred to Camp BUCCA , an Iraqi internment facility that was known as the worst place to be stationed and a dangerous site for any female worker .
Frederiksen claims KBR told her of the transfer while she was on a business trip and was not allowed to return to her camp in Baghdad to collect her personal belongings .
The only way for Frederiksen to get out of the transfer was to resign , which she did .
Frederiksen is now back home living in The Woodlands , according to the lawsuit .
Known as the “ nine - day queen ” , Lady Jane Grey has become an iconic Tudor victim : virginal , sweet and beheaded at 16 , largely because of the machinations of her evil mother .
But is any of this true ?
Lady Jane
Grey is mythologised , even fetishised , as an innocent girl sacrificed on the altar of her mother 's ambition .
But behind the popular biographies of the Tudor Queen lies a different story of misogyny and masochism .
It seems the much - maligned mother is in fact the victim .
When I began researching for " The Sisters Who Would be Queen " , my triple biography of Lady Jane and her sisters , Katherine and Mary Grey , I hoped the well - known life of the iconic teenage Queen , would lend some insight to the younger sisters , the forgotten heirs to Elizabeth Tudor .
I assumed there would be little new to say about Jane herself .
But as I began my research it became clear that nothing written about Jane could be trusted .
The first woman to wield the power of a Tudor monarch had been reduced , over time , to an eroticised image of female helplessness .
Meanwhile , her conventional mother became the embodiment of the belief that powerful women are monstrous and mannish .
The traditional story runs like this : Lady Jane Grey was born in 1537 , the daughter of Henry VIII 's royal niece , Frances , and her husband , Harry Grey , Marques of Dorset .
The stout , bejewelled woman in a double portrait by Hans Eworth is still used to illustrate Frances 's nature .
" Physically she bore a marked resemblance to Henry VIII , " notes Alison Weir , a best - selling historian , in her book " The Children of Henry VIII " .
Here was a woman , " determined to have her own way , and greedy for power and riches , " who " ruled her husband and daughters tyrannically and , in the case of the latter , often cruelly . "
So Jane grew up an abused child , beaten regularly by her unloving mother .
In 1553 the 15 - year - old Jane was forced ( beaten again ) to marry the 18 - year - old Guildford Dudley , son of the principal figure in the King 's Privy Council , John Dudley .
Frances believed the marriage would promote Jane as heir to the dying Protestant King Edward VI .
Weeks later Edward did indeed bequeath Jane his throne , in place of his Catholic sister Mary Tudor .
Jane was obliged to accept , though she protested through tears that Mary was the rightful claimant .
On July 10th 1553 Jane was processed to the Tower as Queen .
The red - haired , red-lipped , smiling girl was so tiny , the story goes , that she wore platform shoes to give her height .
Nine days later Mary Tudor overthrew Jane , imprisoning her in the Tower from where she had reigned .
Tried and convicted of treason , she remained a prisoner , hoping for pardon , until her father led a failed rebellion against Mary .
Although she had nothing to do with the rebellion , Jane was beheaded on February 12th 1554 , an " innocent usurper " .
She was only 16 .
The myth is encapsulated in Paul Delaroche 's 1833 portrait of Jane , bound and dressed in white on the scaffold , a painting with all the erotic overtones of a virgin sacrifice .
( Nancy Mitford startlingly told Evelyn Waugh that this image was the source of her adolescent sexual fantasies . )
Seemingly unmoved by the execution of both daughter and husband , Frances was remarried within a month to a boyish 21 - year - old servant named Adrian Stokes .
She lived only for pleasure .
But what factual basis is there for believing Frances was a monster ?
The accusations of child abuse are built on a story related over a decade after Jane was beheaded .
In " The Schoolmaster " , a book published in 1570 by Roger Ascham , an Elizabethan scholar , a young Jane Grey is described as reading Plato 's Phaedo in Greek while the rest of the household was out hunting .
Interrupted briefly from her quiet study , Jane explains that she loves learning because her lessons with her kindly tutor are a respite from the abuse of her parents , who pinch and nip at her if she does n't perform every task perfectly .
" One of the greatest benefits that God ever gave me , is that He sent me so sharp , severe parents and so gentle a schoolmaster , " Ascham recalls her saying .
Yet in a letter to Jane written only months after this meeting , Ascham commented merely on her parents ' pride in her work .
Her tutor , John Aylmer , meanwhile , was writing letters to a Swiss theologian complaining that Jane " was at that age [ when ] ... all people are inclined to follow their own ways , " and asked how best to " provide bridles for restive horses " such as this spirited girl .
By the time Edward VI was dying , Jane was an exceptionally well - educated Protestant who in fact shared her parents ' intense religious convictions .
Her tutor Aylmer recorded that before the crises of 1553 , Jane had snubbed gifts from the Catholic Mary Tudor , whom she condemned as " against God ’s Word " .
There is no evidence dating from before Jane 's overthrow that she had opposed her marriage to Guildford Dudley in 1553 , or supported Mary Tudor ’s right to be Queen .
And the description of the tiny , smiling girl being processed to the Tower as Queen is a fraud .
It was written a few years after Delaroche 's portrait of Jane was bequeathed to the British nation in 1902 , and its red - lipped girl may even have been inspired by it .
As Queen regnant Jane wielded , in theory , a monarch ’s power over church and state .
But Edward had chosen Jane as his heir not only because she was a Protestant , but also , he noted , because he trusted her husband ’s family .
Jane ’s father in law , John Dudley , was the Lord President of his Council .
Since female rule was considered unnatural , it was assumed that Jane ’s husband or father - in - law would take effective command .
Unfortunately for Jane , Edward ’s love for the Dudleys was not shared by the country .
Indeed , John Dudley was widely hated , considered the root of the government 's unpopular policies .
To quell public venom , Jane tried to advertise her independence from the Dudleys by signing documents in her own hand , and by insisting she would make her husband a duke , not a King .
Despite these efforts , the Dudley name damaged her cause and contributed to her overthrow .
A contemporary account by Robert Wingfield recorded Frances pleading with the victorious Mary Tudor that they were victims of Dudley ambitions , and insisting that she had opposed Jane ’s marriage .
Her closeness to her daughter is suggested by Jane 's own comments , which mirror her mother ’s .
In one outburst Jane damned her father - in - law for having " brought me and our stock in most miserable calamity and misery by his exceeding ambition . "
Early hopes that Mary might pardon her predecessor dimmed after Jane vehemently opposed Mary ’s legalisation of the Catholic Mass .
In an open letter to a Catholic convert , Jane condemned the Mass as " wicked " and exhorted Protestants to " Return , return again unto Christ ’s war . "
When her father led an armed rebellion shortly afterwards , Jane was judged a continuing threat .
She was executed , aged about 16 , on February 12th 1554 , a determined martyr , not merely a victim .
Frances did remarry , but over a year later .
Her new husband , Adrian Stokes , was no boy - toy , but an educated Protestant of her own age , who held a senior position in her household as her Master of the Horse .
By not choosing a nobleman , she protected her surviving daughters from further conjecture concerning the throne .
The double portrait by Eworth mentioned above was mislabelled in 1727 as Frances and a brawny young Stokes ; in the 1980s it was proven to be a portrait of a Lady Dacre and her son .
Queen Elizabeth I , who loved her own Master of the Horse , Robert Dudley , would later admit that she wished she could marry as Frances had .
So how did the myths begin ?
The answer is with Jane .
Aware of the damage being done to the Protestant cause by its association with treason , she announced on the scaffold that while she was guilty in law of treason , having been proclaimed queen , she had never sought the throne but merely accepted it .
From this kernel of truth wider claims about Jane 's innocence took root .
In the 17th and 18th century her story was influenced by the feminine passivity deemed appropriate in a young girl .
A sexual dimension is evident in Edward Young 's 1714 poem , " The Force of Religion " , which invites men to gaze on a pure Jane in her " private closet " .
In the following decade the portrait of Lady Dacre was mislabelled as Frances .
The effigy of the slim and elegant woman on Frances 's tomb in Westminster Abbey has since been ignored in favour of spurious comparisons to Henry VIII .
She was far more useful as a sexist archetype , the powerful , sexual , ambitious and mannish mother , to be pitted against Jane , her helpless , chaste and feminine daughter .
Although Mary Tudor inspired John Knox 's diatribe against " the monstrous regiment of women " , she was a less useful counterpoint to Jane as she was seen as being led by male figures–her foreign husband , priests and so forth .
The re-invented Frances , by contrast , " ruled her husband " .
For centuries it was believed that women in power lost their femininity and became barren–a theory that dates from Greek myth .
The masculine qualities associated with Frances , who in reality held power only as a parent , have also tellingly been applied to Queen Elizabeth I . Rumours sprang up shortly after Elizabeth ’s death that her sexual organs were deformed .
In 1985 a doctor went so far as to claim Elizabeth was genetically male : a theory that persists , supported by such " evidence " as Elizabeth ’s mental toughness .
Jane 's own tragedy has , meanwhile , taken on aspects of the modern misery memoir : all broken taboos , high sales and false memories .
The epitaph beneath Frances 's effigy observes that " true worth alone survives the tomb " .
In the next world perhaps : in this one Frances is traduced .
" The Sisters Who Would be Queen : Mary , Katherine & Lady Jane Grey " ( HarperPress and Ballantine ) , by Leanda de Lisle , is out in Britain and America
This week on the Sexist : Puppies !
Just kidding , this week ’s topics were far more depressing than that .
1. Rape Victims vs. Prison Rape Victims , in which victim - blaming takes the form of a change of clothes .
2. How Bystanders Can Help Groping Victims , in which we get servicey on this groping stuff .
3 . Why Would I Want to Touch Your Ass : When Groping Victims Talk Back , in which victims respond to gropers
4. Sexist Beatdown : Guys Who Grab Butt Edition , in which , yep , more groping .
5. Sexist Comments of the Week : When Dudes Do n’t Wear Condoms Edition , in which you do the talking .
Britain has a serious problem with its energy supply .
After examining this issue for a few years now I perceive that the greatest difficulty we face is not that we lack energy resources ( arguably we do ) , or that we are becoming precariously dependent upon imported energy ( which we are ) , or that our large demand for energy makes reforming our economy extremely difficult ( as evidently it does ) ; the most significant problem is that the political and business community cannot accept that natural systems impose physical limits upon human society .
We may be told that our present problems can be solved through measures such as ' green growth ' , ' low carbon energy ' or ' carbon markets ' , but such a view ignores the growing body of evidence concerning the relationship between the way the economic system operates and the physical nature of energy and material resources that the economy relies upon .
Cheap energy = cheap growth
If we look at how Britain 's energy economy has changed over the last two centuries we can see an interesting trend emerging - one that demonstrates the evidence for a link between energy sources and the well - being of the general economy .
Throughout its history , up to the Second World War , Britain was largely self - sufficient in energy .
Then from the 1950s , on the back of the post - war consumer boom , this historic trend ended as imported oil gained a wider role in the economy and indigenous coal production declined .
By the 1970s , when we imported about 50 per cent of our energy needs , the imbalances in the national economy caused a whole range of economic problems , essentially because Britain was trying to spend more than it could create through its national income .
What resolved this crisis , from around 1979 / 1980 , was increasing energy production from the North Sea .
Once again Britain became a net energy exporter , and once again the strength of the national economy improved .
With the peak of North Sea oil and gas production , and with our demand for coal now largely met by imports , energy demand is once again becoming a drag upon the national economy .
The operation of the modern economy is predicated upon cheap and plentiful energy supplies , and so the role of energy sources within economic well - being is critical .
For example , recent research on the causes of the credit crunch argues that it was high energy prices that initiated the crash , not sub - prime mortgages .
The Government 's own forecasts predict that we could be importing up to 60 per cent of our energy needs by 2020 .
As a result our dependence upon imported energy is not just an issue of ' energy security ' , these trends are redefining the basis on which the economy operates ; and unless we act to change it the economic difficulties of the 1970s are likely to return over the course of this decade .
Recognising limits
What can be done to avoid this outcome ?
This again raises questions about how mainstream economists value different strategies , and only attach positive values to those strategies that can produce economic growth .
Research suggests that up to half the value of economic growth is the direct result of adding additional energy to the economy , and a further fifth is the result of improving energy efficiency .
For this reason changing the dynamics of our energy supply , through falling production and / or higher prices , invalidates many of the economic norms of the past few decades .
In biophysical terms , energy sources such as fossil fuels or renewable energy ( and even food ) have a value which they create through their production , and thus a financial and energetic return that can be recycled back into the economy .
To complicate matters this value is based upon the factors intrinsic to their production , and so the only way to compare one resource with another is to use a value that represents its life - cycle operation , not simply its capacity for production or profit .
For example , in general renewable energy does not perform in the same way as fossil fuels because its returns are lower , primarily because the thermodynamic quality of the energy sources involved are lower , and so fossil fuels have traditionally had an advantage over renewables .
The limits to efficiency
The other principle option to manage resources more wisely , improving the efficiency of use , is limited by the fact that it is not an open ended process ; each improvement represents a one - time saving , and improving efficiency levels further requires that we invest in new technologies once more .
This is because thermodynamics of efficiency dictate that each new generation of technology must , on average , save less than the previous generation , and so ultimately efficiency measures represent a diminishing return - eventually you will have to put more into the system to reduce consumption ( e.g. by making new gadgets ) than it will save overall .
In any case , if we look at the trends of the last century or so , the value of economic growth has in most years exceeded the value of improving efficiency .
That 's because efficiency improvements create a confounding economic feedback - cost reductions in one part of the economy will spur consumption elsewhere .
As a result most efficiency measures will usually only dampen , rather than reduce , the overall level of consumption .
If the emission of greenhouse gases were the only problem with our energy system today then we might be able to do something to address the problem .
The unfortunate reality is that there are an inter-related group of difficulties ( principally food production , water resources , energy / mineral depletion , population and climate change ) that are systemically linked to the accelerating growth in human activity within a finite ecological system .
The past bites back
Whether it is the ability of the environment to mop up carbon , or of the Earth 's crust to provide the energy and material resources required to continue the industrialisation of human society , human development over this coming century is going to be constrained by these ecological limitations .
This is not a new concern ; it was highlighted back in 1972 by the Club of Rome 's Limits to Growth study , and by the Ecologist in its Blueprint for Survival .
The difference today is that the limitations on our future development are even more stark , and thus the outcome of present patterns of economic activity are seemingly more intractable .
In Britain we will have to reduce our economic activity - or ' have less ' - to solve our present economic difficulties ; Britain is in ecological and economic ' overshoot ' , and we 're going to have to take action to resolve the problem before we just run out of energy , money , or both .
The realistic way to reduce our impact on the environment , and manage the decline in resources , is to reduce economic growth - also called ' de - growth ' ; perhaps not directly , but because those strategies which make a significant difference to the level of energy and resource use will often lead to a reduction in economic activity .
For example , the best way to reduce consumption is not to make things ' more efficient ' in their operation , it is to make them last many times longer by manufacturing them to higher standard - consequently less are sold , and as a result the standard index of growth , GDP , will fall ; likewise , as most of the energy and resources used by modern gadgets is expended in their production , the best way to cut energy and resource use is not to simply recycle the waste products but to adopt measures that mandate the repair and reuse of goods - the result over time being lower economic activity and negative growth .
Britain was one of the first nations to industrialise - we ' made ' the Industrial Revolution .
Now , if we can abandon the delusional notion that human society is not subject to ecological limits , we have the potential to resolve the crises that will arise over the next few years by spurring a new ' Ecological Revolution ' – one that addresses these past excesses through redefining markets and economic theory within ecological and biophysical limits .
Paul Mobbs is an environmental researcher and author of Energy Beyond Oil .
This article is an edited version of a fully - referenced report available on Paul 's website .
Paul 's blog , ecolonomics , is available here .
A Southampton man who somehow got his todger stuck in a three - inch length of steel pipe had to be cut free by eight firemen bearing an angle grinder , the Southern Daily Echo reports .
The drama began when the unnamed 30 - something chap presented himself at Southampton General Hospital 's A&E department suffering from " restricted blood flow " , which had left him in " a state of arousal , and unable to remove the pipe " .
Staff were " so concerned " they called in a crew from Redbridge Fire Station .
The Redbridge boys , however , decided they were n't properly equipped to handle the stiff challenge , and " had to bring in backup from St Mary ’s station , which has a fire truck equipped with specialist cutting gear " .
After the patient was " given an anaesthetic " , the experts got stuck in with the angle grinder , fitted with " a four - and - a - half - inch blade " , the Echo helpfully notes .
St Mary ’s crew manager Adrian Johnson explained : “ It was a very delicate operation .
We did not want anything heating up .
The person who did it deserves a commendation for his nerve and steady hand . ”
Watch manager Greg Garrett from Redbridge station admitted : “ I ’ve only come across this type of thing three or four times * in my 17 years as a firefighter .
It ’s not a daily occurrence . ”
The pipe layer was left with " bruised and swollen " wedding tackle , the Echo concludes . ®
Bootnote
* Garrett was evidently stationed in Wigan in 2007 .
GM lets Saab die
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- General Motors is shutting down its Swedish car brand , Saab , after attempts to close a deal with a buyer failed .
GM had announced earlier this year that it was close to reaching a deal with Swedish super - carmaker Koenigsegg .
That deal fell , though .
" In the end , Koenigsegg discovered some issues they did n't think could be overcome in a timely fashion , " said John Smith , GM vice president of corporate planning and alliances .
Dutch exotic carmaker Spyker then emerged as a bidder for Saab , but that deal could n't be concluded in time , GM said .
In both cases , according to GM , issues arose during negotiations that prevented a final sale .
GM executives would not say what the specific problems were , however .
" Like everybody , we would have preferred a different outcome , " Smith said .
GM said it still intends to sell some Saab 9 - 3 and 9 - 5 technologies to the Chinese automaker Beijing Automotive Industry Holdings Co. Ltd .
That deal was announced last week .
With GM 's announcement that it 's winding down Saab , BAIC or other companies may be able to buy more of Saab 's assets , possibly even the brand name itself , Smith said .
But no buyers have expressed interest , yet .
" Despite the best efforts of all involved , it has become very clear that the due diligence required to complete this complex transaction could not be executed in a reasonable time .
In order to maintain operations , Saab needed a quick resolution , " said GM Europe President Nick Reilly .
" We regret that we were not able to complete this transaction with Spyker Cars . "
GM has owned the Swedish automaker since 1989 ; Saab has been making cars since 1949 .
GM will now begin winding down Saab production , but warranties will continue to be honored , and spare parts will still be available , the company said .
In the past two decades , GM has made every effort to turn Saab into a profitable car brand , Smith said .
But recent global economic problems were simply too much for the still - weak automaker to survive .
" It 's a business that has struggled more years than not during its existence , " Smith said .
A total of 3,400 employees will be directly affected by Saab 's closure , GM spokesman Chris Pruess said .
Saab has never been a big - selling car brand , but the recent global recession and news of the brand 's possible demise have driven sales down to crisis levels .
Saab's U.S. sales have been down by more than half so far this year .
Sweden 's other major automaker , Volvo , is currently owned by Ford , which is in the process of selling it to the Chinese automaker Geely .
As part of its bankruptcy restructuring , GM planned to sell of or wind down four of the eight brands it recently operated .
Pontiac is being wound down ; a deal to sell the Saturn brand to Penske Automotive fell through in September ; and a deal to sell the Hummer SUV brand to Chinese heavy equipment maker Sichuan Tengzhong is awaiting government approvals .
GM 's remaining brands are Chevrolet , Buick , GMC and Cadillac .
UPDATE : December 16 2009 Sean Artman has asked an excellent question as to how a “ local ” effect such as the soot can raise questions on the overall effect of CO2 on the global climate .
My response is below :
Dear Mr. Artman
The study that they presented has several implications :
1 . The attribution of most of the warming in this region ( i.e. it is certainly regional not “ local ” as is written since it covers tens thousands of square kilometers ) which has been credited to added CO2 and other well - mixed greenhouse gases is not correct .
A significant fraction of the warming is from the soot .
2 . The heating of the atmosphere from the soot ( by solar absorption and decrease in long wave loss to space ) results in alterations of pressure fields , and thus wind circulations .
This effect will communicate through the pressure field to long distances from this region ( e.g. see our paper
Matsui , T. , and R.A. Pielke Sr. , 2006 : Measurement - based estimation of the spatial gradient of aerosol radiative forcing .
Geophys .
Res. Letts. , 33 , L11813 , doi:10.1029/2006GL025974
on this subject .
3 . The effect of soot is not limited to this region .
It has been implicated in Arctic warming also ; e.g. see
https://pielkeclimatesci.wordpress.com/2008/06/06/new-report-on-the-role-of-soot-on-the-climate-in-the-higher-latitudes-and-on-global-warming/
where it is written
“ ….. on snow .even at concentrations below five parts per billion .
such
dark carbon triggers melting , and may be responsible for as much as 94
percent of Arctic warming . ”
ORIGINAL POST
There is a news release that indicates the major effect of soot on the climate , including glaciers , in the Himalayas ( thanks to Charles Martin for alerting us to this ! ) .
The news release dated December 14 2009 is
New Study Turns Up the Heat on Soot ’s Role in Himalayan Warming
Excerpts from the news article are
“ …… the new research , by NASA ’s William Lau and collaborators , reinforces with detailed numerical analysis what earlier studies suggest : that soot and dust contribute as much ( or more ) to atmospheric warming in the Himalayas as greenhouse gases .
This warming fuels the melting of glaciers and could threaten fresh water resources in a region that is home to more than a billion people . ”
“ The Indo - Gangetic plain , one of the most fertile and densely populated areas on Earth , has become a hotspot for emissions of black carbon …… .
Winds push thick clouds of black carbon and dust , which absorb heat from sunlight , toward the base of the Himalayas where they accumulate , rise , and drive a “ heat pump ” that affects the region ’s climate . ”
“ Over areas of the Himalayas , the rate of warming is more than five times faster than warming globally , ” said William Lau , head of atmospheric sciences at NASA ’s Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md. “ Based on the differences it ’s not difficult to conclude that greenhouse gases are not the sole agents of change in this region .
There ’s a localized phenomenon at play . ”
“ He has produced new evidence suggesting that an “ elevated heat pump ” process is fueling the loss of ice , driven by airborne dust and soot particles absorbing the sun ’s heat and warming the local atmosphere and land surface .
A related modeling study by Lau and colleagues has been submitted to Environmental Research Letters for publication . ”
“ …… said Lau .
“ We need to add another topic to the climate dialogue . ”
This news study reinforces the conclusion that a broader perspective of the role of humans in the climate system is needed , and that the radiative effect of CO2 may not the dominate human role as concluded by the IPCC report and as being discussed in Copenhagen .
THIS year , for the first time , glatt kosher food will be sold at the Super Bowl .
Certainly , faith will prompt some of the fans at Dolphin Stadium in Miami Gardens , Fla. , to line up at one of two carts selling grilled salami sliders and garlicky knoblewurst .
But for others , the appeal of a kosher hot dog will have nothing to do with religion .
In an era of heightened concern over food contamination , allergies and the provenance of ingredients , the market for kosher food among non-Jews is setting records .
Only about 15 percent of people who buy kosher do it for religious reasons , according to Mintel , a research group that last year produced a report on the kosher food explosion .
The top reasons cited for buying kosher ?
Quality , followed by general healthfulness .
“ It ’s keyed into the issues of food safety and consumer fear , ” said Larry Finkel of Packaged Facts , a consumer market research company that also released a study last year on the growing market for kosher foods .
“ The reputation of kosher is stretching beyond chicken , whether there is truth to it or not . ”
Social Affairs :
No downshifting in the new age of sobriety , by Sarah Cassidy
By 2020 the people of Britain had grown accustomed to the " nanny state " telling them what to do .
Smoking had been totally unacceptable for several years , after the smoking ban had been extended to outdoor public spaces such as parks , beaches and playgrounds .
There was even talk of banning smoking in blocks of flats .
In the first few years of the decade , alcohol had become the new target for public health campaigners trying to put a stop to the British booze culture .
Labelling on all alcohol drinks was altered to proclaim " drinking kills " , prices rocketed to £ 10 a pint ( riots ensued ) and strict licensing laws put a stop to the round - the - clock drinking of the Noughties .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In 2015 , the first business brought in mandatory urine testing for its employees , to identify anyone supping more than the recommended two or three units a day .
Cash was also on the way out by then , and in 2017 the 10 p piece became the smallest denomination .
By the end of the decade , Oyster - style cards were being used to pay for most everyday items – to the anger of civil liberties groups , which argued that this allowed the authorities to track the public 's spending habits .
Whereas downshifting was a popular goal among workers in the early Noughties , the after - effects of the long recession saw a new generation of employees dying at their desks as they attempted to convince their bosses , and themselves , that they were indispensable .
Talk about work - life balance and flexible working hours died out , replaced with more presenteeism and clock - watching .
By 2019 , the traditional nuclear family was increasingly rare , with more people choosing to live alone .
Virtual socialising continued apace , causing many people to go for long periods without face - to - face contact with anyone else .
The concept of growing old gracefully also disappeared , with ordinary people increasingly choosing to alter what they saw in the mirror .
Advertisements boasting miracle transformations through cosmetic surgery soon spread from the back pages of women 's magazines to the mainstream , leading to old and young alike popping out in their lunch hours for " procedures " .
The elderly have become a force to be reckoned with : 22,000 people in the UK are aged 100 or over , many of whom live in all - pensioner towns cared for by kindly robots , who remind them to take their medication , eat their meals , warn them of trip hazards and check up on them by sensing whether they have been unusually still for long periods .
The economy : Very few dividends for society of savers , by Sean O'Grady
As 2020 approached , economists were relieved that the UK economy had actually managed to grow at all .
All through the decade the country had struggled as families , firms and the Government sought to pay off its £ 1.5 trillion burden of debt .
Britons had turned , surprisingly , into a nation of savers , rivalling the Japanese for thrift .
Spending was depressed , and the economy with it .
The story of the decade was of different groups fighting for a bigger share of a cake that was hardly growing , and tensions that had surfaced in 2009 worsened .
The scale of the problem became apparent in the sterling " super- crisis " of December 2010 .
The coalition Government 's plan to borrow even more to avert a " double dip " recession provoked a severe reaction , and the " new stagflation " threatened hyperinflation even as output stagnated .
Fuel and energy prices hit all - time highs .
Credit agencies finally withdrew the UK's AAA rating and an unprecedented sell - off of sterling and a " gilts strike " followed .
The Bank of England raised interest rates to save the pound from hitting half a Euro , but that only served to make speculators such as George Soros ( " The Man who Broke the Bank of England – Twice " ) richer .
In 2011 , IMF chief Gordon Brown offered his services – " I 'll do whatever it takes " – to barely suppressed giggles .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Emergency budget followed emergency budget , leading to the great NHS strike of 2013 , when hospitals were disrupted after the Government tried to halt the NHS pension scheme .
The schools strike of 2011 was patchier , but a sign of worse to come .
Sporadic mutinies in the armed forces were dealt with calmly , and even fresh anti-union laws ( the " Thatcher 2 " programme ) were not sufficient to prevent spates of wildcat strikes involving everyone from Liverpool grave diggers to Oxford dons .
There were renewed tensions over immigration as unemployment remained stubbornly high : only by 2015 did it fall below 2 million .
" Hotel " charges for hospital stays helped to pay for much - needed repairs , but a special tax on dotcom firms raised little revenue and instead stunted their growth .
Bankers discovered Switzerland and the Gulf were more congenial to their risk taking , and the City faced a relative decline : as a result , the South East 's inflated salaries and house prices fell unexpectedly .
In December 2019 , the UK slipped to number 12 in the world 's GDP rankings , just ahead of Australia but behind China , Brazil and India – a humiliating end to a bruising decade .
Religion : Hip urban Catholics fuel fashion for Latin , by Jerome Taylor
For the past five years he staved off the inevitable , but now the Archbishop of Canterbury , John Sentamu , has some sad news to announce as the 2020 General Synod gets underway in York .
The Anglican Communion has officially broken in two .
It was the move by a majority of Africa 's bishops , along with traditionalists from America and Australia , to form a new " Common Cause " church at the start of the previous decade , in protest over gay bishops , that led to the resignation of Sentamu 's predecessor , Rowan Williams , in 2015 .
Ever since , Sentamu has struggled to maintain Britain 's leading role among the world 's Anglicans .
With traditionalists no longer a thorn in his side , the Ugandan - born bishop tells synod delegates that he will press ahead with the ordination of three new gay bishops and two women prelates by the end of the year .
At 92 years old , Pope Benedict XVI has been leader of the world 's Catholics for a decade and a half , and shows no signs of slowing down – although his public appearances have become far more rare .
The Latin Mass is all the rage among hip urban Catholics across Europe , as Catholicism continues towards a more traditional , and socially conservative , future .
In Britain 's cities , charismatic evangelical Christianity is now the dominant form of Christian worship .
Each weekend , inner-city churches across the country are filled with fervent devotees speaking in tongues and listening to passionate sermons from firebrand American preachers – who started to look across the Atlantic with renewed interest after the election of an evangelical Republican US President in 2013 .
Despite the ongoing threat of terrorism , and the expansion of the US " war on terror " into the Horn of Africa , Britain has resisted the urge to clamp down on Islamic worship in the same way as some European neighbours have .
But community tensions rose when riots broke out in Dewsbury earlier in the year ; rumours spread that a police officer had thrown a copy of the Qur'an into a bin during a raid on a mosque .
The veil has been banned in France , Italy and – somewhat bizarrely given its tiny Muslim population – Poland .
Crime :
One nation under CCTV , by Mark Hughes
It is January 2020 , and for pickpockets and thieves who prey on city centre shoppers , there is nowhere to hide .
Where there was once four million CCTV cameras in Britain , there are now more than twice as many .
And they are more advanced than ever .
Not only is every face in every shopping centre in Britain being constantly monitored , every conversation is being heard as well .
But this only affects the small minority of criminals who still insist on doing business face - to - face .
Most theft is now committed on the internet , by sophisticated e-fraudsters who target online bank accounts .
The majority of organised crime , such as drug dealing and smuggling , is also conducted on the web .
The theft of personal belongings is also rare , as most people have their own DNA stored in their valuables , from bikes to jewellery .
This renders them instantly recognisable and far more difficult for thieves to sell on .
Similarly , car theft is almost impossible , as most new cars come fitted not with key locks , but with fingerprint scanners which allow the vehicle to start only if the owner is in the vehicle .
Conviction rates for most serious crimes are up .
Politicians say this is because every region of the country is benefiting from expert units , created after Britain 's 43 police forces were disbanded and merged at the start of the decade .
But most people think that with everyone in the country now forced to register on the DNA database , police officers need only find a tiny piece of forensic evidence and the case effectively solves itself .
These advancements have undoubtedly made it harder for the criminal fraternity , but one factor has shifted in the criminal 's favour – the quality of opposition they are up against .
The legacy left by severe public spending cuts brought in by the Government at the start of the decade left the police force of 2020 with far fewer experienced detectives .
Instead , many crimes are being dealt with by a growing army of civilian investigators .
This " civilianisation " is a trend which goes right to the top .
Since elected police commissioners were introduced in 2010 , the men and women in charge of Britain 's forces today have no policing experience .
Most are local politicians , one is a former school teacher and another is the winner of Britain 's Got Talent 2017 .
Terrorism remains the number one threat .
So much so that the whole of the UK is now a Section 44 zone , meaning that any police officer can now stop any member of the public without giving a reason .
The legislation has been widened to allow officers to conduct on - the - spot body searches if necessary .
The tighter laws also mean that anyone can now be arrested and held for up to three days , even if there is no suspicion of an offence being committed .
But the expectation that Britain 's policemen and women would be given guns has failed to materialise .
The police remain unarmed but do have tasers , stun grenades and tranquilliser darts .
They also have hand - held computers – which they use to keep up with their paperwork while they are out on the beat .
The natural world : Simmering – while ' Jaws ' attacks , by Michael McCarthy
Climate change and its effects dominated the environmental agenda in the years leading up to 2020 , but not in the way the people of 2009 expected .
The first definite marker of a warmer world which made people sit up and take note was the first serious shark attack on a swimmer off the British coast in 2014 .
As had been predicted during the previous decade , as seas across the world warmed , marine life migrated northwards .
Scientists were soon forced to admit that sightings of the great white shark – Carcharodon carcharias , the protagonist of Jaws , and the marine creature most dangerous to people – would soon become a regular occurrence off the UK .
Previously , the limit of its range had been thought to be the northern part of the Bay of Biscay , but several sightings of sharks near Devon and Cornwall at the end of the previous decade had warned of what was to come .
Halfway through the new decade , people began to accept that the UK was warmer .
It marked a victory for the Met Office 's Hadley Centre for Climate Prediction and Research , which had published a climate forecast for the years 2009 - 2019 at the end of the previous decade , suggesting that more than half of these 10 years would be " hotter than the hottest year " on record .
It had already been proved right by predicting that 2010 would surpass 1998 in terms of temperature and set a new global record .
An atmosphere with more heat , moisture and energy in it could lead only to one thing : a more unpredictable global climate with severe heatwaves and droughts , more intense rainfall with subsequent flooding , and more violent storms .
And so it did .
In 2016 , a heatwave hit southern Englandwith temperatures of 40C ( 104F ) , prompting a mass exodus to the country 's parks every weekend – and the premature deaths of 5,000 elderly people .
The flooding damage experienced in Britain in 2007 and 2009 was tiny in comparison to the Noah 's Ark - like events of 2013 .
Elsewhere , storms of unprecedented violence made landfall , devastating an unprepared Miami .
The world in 2020 was definitely warmer , wetter and windier – and the people of Britain did not like the fact that even on a Cornish beach , they were advised to scan the water for fins before dipping their toes in the water .
PARIS : France 's new carbon emission tax , due to have gone into effect tomorrow , has been ruled illegal by the country 's constitutional court because it exempted too many polluters .
The Conseil Constitutionnel struck down the tax on Tuesday because the exemptions breached '' the principle of [ tax ] equality ' ' .
It estimated that 93 per cent of industrial emissions outside of fuel use , including those of more than 1000 of the country 's most polluting industrial sites , would be exempt from the tax of € 17 ( $ 27 ) a tonne of emitted carbon dioxide .
The ruling is a blow for the President , Nicolas Sarkozy , as the measure was one of his flagship initiatives to cut emissions .
It also leaves the Government with a € 4.1 billion hole in its 2010 budget .
Meanwhile , the President of Brazil , Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , has signed a law requiring that Brazil cut its projected greenhouse gas emissions by 39 per cent by 2020 , meeting a commitment made at the Copenhagen climate change summit .
It ’s worse than we thought !
Now the IPCC has been citing magazine articles , like this one from Climbing Magazine , issue 208 , shown at left .
We ’ve heard the title before , according to their index : “ Canaries in a Coal Mine , ” – Feature on global loss of glaciers .
But wait there ’s more !
If you think that ’s crazy , we also learn that IPCC Chairman Pachauri has penned a “ smutty ” romance novel !
Bizarre , but true .
The Telegraph reports on the magazine issue :
The United Nations ’ expert panel on climate change based claims about ice disappearing from the world ’s mountain tops on a student ’s dissertation and an article in a mountaineering magazine .
The revelation will cause fresh embarrassment for the The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , which had to issue a humiliating apology earlier this month over inaccurate statements about global warming .
The IPCC ’s remit is to provide an authoritative assessment of scientific evidence on climate change .
In its most recent report , it stated that observed reductions in mountain ice in the Andes , Alps and Africa was being caused by global warming , citing two papers as the source of the information .
However , it can be revealed that one of the sources quoted was a feature article published in a popular magazine for climbers which was based on anecdotal evidence from mountaineers about the changes they were witnessing on the mountainsides around them .
The other was a dissertation written by a geography student , studying for the equivalent of a master ’s degree , at the University of Berne in Switzerland that quoted interviews with mountain guides in the Alps .
The revelations , uncovered by The Sunday Telegraph , have raised fresh questions about the quality of the information contained in the report , which was published in 2007 .
It comes after officials for the panel were forced earlier this month to retract inaccurate claims in the IPCC ’s report about the melting of Himalayan glaciers .
Sceptics have seized upon the mistakes to cast doubt over the validity of the IPCC and have called for the panel to be disbanded .
This week scientists from around the world leapt to the defence of the IPCC , insisting that despite the errors , which they describe as minor , the majority of the science presented in the IPCC report is sound and its conclusions are unaffected .
But some researchers have expressed exasperation at the IPCC ’s use of unsubstantiated claims and sources outside of the scientific literature .
Professor Richard
Tol , one of the report ’s authors who is based at the Economic and Social Research Institute in Dublin , Ireland , said : “ These are essentially a collection of anecdotes .
“ Why did they do this ?
It is quite astounding .
Although there have probably been no policy decisions made on the basis of this , it is illustrative of how sloppy Working Group Two ( the panel of experts within the IPCC responsible for drawing up this section of the report ) has been .
“ There is no way current climbers and mountain guides can give anecdotal evidence back to the 1900s , so what they claim is complete nonsense . ”
The IPCC report , which is published every six years , is used by government ’s worldwide to inform policy decisions that affect billions of people .
The claims about disappearing mountain ice were contained within a table entitled “ Selected observed effects due to changes in the cryosphere produced by warming ” .
It states that reductions in mountain ice have been observed from the loss of ice climbs in the Andes , Alps and in Africa between 1900 and 2000 .
The report also states that the section is intended to “ assess studies that have been published since the TAR ( Third Assessment Report ) of observed changes and their effects ” .
But neither the dissertation or the magazine article cited as sources for this information were ever subject to the rigorous scientific review process that research published in scientific journals must undergo .
The magazine article , which was written by Mark Bowen , a climber and author of two books on climate change , appeared in Climbing magazine in 2002 .
It quoted anecdotal evidence from climbers of retreating glaciers and the loss of ice from climbs since the 1970s .
Mr Bowen said : “ I am surprised that they have cited an article from a climbing magazine , but there is no reason why anecdotal evidence from climbers should be disregarded as they are spending a great deal of time in places that other people rarely go and so notice the changes . ”
The dissertation paper , written by professional mountain guide and climate change campaigner Dario - Andri Schworer while he was studying for a geography degree , quotes observations from interviews with around 80 mountain guides in the Bernina region of the Swiss Alps .
read the complete article at the Telegraph
by Meghan Keane
Have you watched The Office lately ?
The NBC series has become a microcosm of how depressing this recession can get - and not just because The Dunder Mifflin Paper company may fold in the next few episodes .
That , after all , seems a fitting end for a company based on a business model that stopped being relevant in 1992 .
Instead , the show has taken the story of a man with a promising future and given him an interminable present .
In the last two seasons , our hero Jim Halpert won the girl , got the big promotion and upgraded to a suit .
These were all things fans were happy about .
It was encouraging .
But wanting romantic tension to be relieved is never as satisfying as the relief .
The matrimony of Jim and Pam Beesly seemed the logical conclusion to a show where half the humor comes from unspoken communications between Dunder Mifflin employees and the audience watching their ongoing documentary .
After years of silent glances , quiet flirtations and knowing inside jokes , Pam and Jim were finally - finally - doing what we ’d be hoping for all along .
Gone were Pam ’s poorly - thought - out engagement to her lackluster boyfriend Roy and the painful tug of allegiances between Pam and Jim ’s one - time girlfriend Karen that tore apart audiences earlier in the show .
Jim and Pam won out .
Getting those two together at last seemed so right !
Then their wedding day came .
The Office pulled out a pretty impressive mid-season episode for an event that usually serves as a finale .
There was communal puking .
There was an ill - advised group dance down the aisle .
There were the secret vows that Jim pulled out to remind Pam - and fans - of Jim ’s greatness .
Jim and Pam getting married did more than give Michael and excuse to hook up with Pam ’s mom .
It expanded the lens of The Office wide enough to reveal a disturbing fact : Jim and Pam do n’t have any real friends .
Suddenly , a romance that seemed like the natural progression for two quietly charming people revealed itself to be much more depressing .
All of Jim and Pam ’s witty asides and eyerolls in response to their officemates ’ antics have stopped being expressions of untapped potential and started to look like passive - aggressive attempts to undermine their peers - who are the only people who will socialize with them .
For audiences , Jim - more so than Pam - has served as a pressure valve for all of the overstimulated personalities on the show by responding to his absurd coworkers the only rational way : with sarcasm and bafflement .
The whole point of Jim was that he held the promise that at some point he would get his act together enough to break out of the confines of Dunder Mifflin .
He ’s the relatable protagonist for anyone ( read : everyone ) who has ever been trapped in a middling situation and found the only defense to be sarcasm and bemusement .
Now Jim has developed into the most depressing archetype : a mediocre man who has already realized his full potential .
Gone is Jim ’s charming lack of enthusiasm for his job .
Now he ’s proving exactly where a lack of drive is likely to lead you - to the mediocrity of middle management , where one is gripped by the fear of losing whatever corner of inanity you ’ve carved for yourself in the workplace .
Rather than rely on the fact that his intellect could capably get him a job at any other two dimensional office space Scranton , PA , has to offer , Jim is now terrified of losing his job - and his pressurized wall of status - at Dunder Mifflin .
In the end , it looks like Karen did n’t fare so badly after all .
At least Rashida Jones has lived to sitcom another day , landing on the similarly themed Parks and Recreation , a show that suffers a bit from the same derivative inception as The Office , but has found new areas for humor in the Tracy Flick quality of characters that actually desire their middle management fate .
But on The Office , Jim has always succeeded despite his job .
His ongoing competition with Rainn Wilson ’s overzealous Dwight Schrute worked because Dwight did n’t care how his coworkers viewed him .
The comedy of Dwight all depends on the fact that he is hopelessly obsessive about everything he does , while Jim won us over by trying least .
Now that Jim has some power , we are slowly learning that he does n’t know how to use it .
As Jim struggles to succeed in the workplace , the show butts up against the depressing fact that he is not very good at his job .
While Michael Scott is off in New York being used as a show pony to demonstrate Dunder Mifflin ’s successes , Jim is back at home , making one of his underlings work in the supply closet .
Throwing a wrench in the inane procedural drama of office life is funny when you have nothing to gain from it .
But overabusing power - or a lack of it - is just sad .
Watching Jim scrape to compete with Michael - a man who previously he had only mocked - brings a deep kind of embarrassment .
It ’s gotten to the point where Jim pushed his “ comanager ” into a koi pond to get a leg up with the brass during a lunch meeting .
Any self - respecting guy would be embarrassed to put so much effort into embarrassing someone .
The only upside is that , with the building tension between Jim and Pam out of the way , some of the smaller characters are finally able to shine .
Ed Helms , Ellie Kemper and Mindy Kaling especially have taken off running with the extra screen time they ’ve been given .
And as he uncomfortably settles into his partitioned office , Jim ’s story is starting to resemble the worst purgatory of 30 - something life .
Each subsequent episode now brings with it a reminder of Jim ’s failure , the harsh reality that having dreams is no indication that you ’ll ever achieve them .
If there ’s something more depressing than that - and less funny - I ’d be hard pressed to find it in prime time .
Meghan Keane is a freelance writer .
A pesar de los aumentos en los impuestos , precios de las gasolinas , gas y electricidad , los consumidores en México vislumbran para este año una mejora en la economía del país y en sus bolsillos aunque todavía se muestran reacios a comprar bienes durables .
El índice de confianza del consumidor subió en enero pasado a 82.1 puntos desde los 80.1 puntos registrados el mes previo , el mejor avance desde diciembre de 2006 , según reportó el jueves el Instituto Nacional de Estadística y Geografía ( INEGI ) .
" Los resultados son mejor a lo esperado , en un mes en donde se esperaba que el ánimo estuviera decaído por mayores impuestos e inflación " , dijo el analista Ixe Grupo Financiero , Luis Flores .
Desde el primero de enero entraron en vigor aumentos en las tasas del Impuesto al Valor Agregado ( IVA ) al 16 % desde el 15 % , el Impuesto Sobre la Renta ( ISR ) que pasó de 28 a 30 % , y el Impuesto Especial sobre Producción y Servicios ( IEPS ) en productos como las telecomunicaciones ( exceptuando Internet ) , bebidas alcohólicas , cerveza y los juegos y sorteos .
A su vez , desde finales de diciembre pasado el Gobierno reanudó los incrementos mensuales a los precios de gasolinas después de mantenerlos congelados por más de 10 meses .
Además , se prevé que las tarifas de la electricidad para los hogares se incrementen hasta en un 4 % durante todo este año mientras que las de uso industrial aumentaron 22 % .
A pesar de estos cambios en los precios públicos , los consumidores ven una mejora en su situación económica con respecto a la que tenían hace doce meses , este subíndice pasó a 85.6 puntos , desde el 84.5 de un mes antes .
Publicidad
La perspectiva sobre la economía del país dentro de doce meses fue el subíndice que mostró una mayor mejoría a 91.8 puntos , un incremento mensual de 2.05 % , con cifras mes a mes y una variación anual positiva de 9.8 % .
" Con este indicador , no hay evidencia de un daño severo a los consumidores por los mayores impuestos e inflación .
Sin embargo , mantenemos nuestra visión en el sentido que el consumo interno seguirá siendo lento en la primera mitad de 2010 ( el desempleo es aún alto ) " , dijo Flores .
Sin embargo , el indicador sobre las posibilidades por parte de los integrantes del hogar para comprar bienes durables tales como muebles , televisor , lavadora u otros electrodomésticos comparadas con las de hace un año sigue cayendo pero de forma moderada al situarse en 58.1 puntos .
Los consumidores experimentarán un aumento en la inflación de hasta 5.25 % para el cierre del año , desde el 3.57 % de 2009 , según pronósticos del Banco de México .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The UK terror threat level is being raised from " substantial " to " severe " , Home Secretary Alan Johnson has said .
The new alert level means a terrorist attack is considered " highly likely " .
It had stood at substantial since July .
Mr Johnson refused to say it was linked to the failed Detroit airliner bombing , and said the government would not reveal specific intelligence details .
The home secretary stressed there was no intelligence to suggest a terrorist attack was imminent .
' Real threat '
The decision to raise the threat level was made by the UK's Joint Terrorism Analysis Centre ( JTAC ) .
Mr Johnson said JTAC kept the threat level under constant review , making its judgments based on a broad range of factors including the intent and capabilities of international terrorist groups in the UK and overseas .
He said : " We still face a real and serious threat to the UK from international terrorism , so I would urge the public to remain vigilant and carry on reporting suspicious events to the appropriate authorities and to support the police and security services in their continuing efforts to discover , track and disrupt terrorist activity . "
THREAT LEVEL SYSTEM
Low - attack is unlikely Moderate - attack is possible , but not likely Substantial - attack is a strong possibility Severe - attack is highly likely Critical - attack is expected imminently
Timeline : UK threat levels
The home secretary said the new level meant people needed to be " more aware " .
He said the decision to raise the threat level was not specifically linked to the failed Christmas Day bomb attack on a plane bound for Detroit or to any other incident , he said .
Mr Johnson said : " We never say what the intelligence is and it would be pretty daft of us to do that . "
He added : " It should n't be thought to be linked to Detroit or anywhere else for that matter . "
But the UK had not reached the highest threat level of " critical " , which would mean an attack was imminent .
Mr Johnson said : " We have a very adept and very focused counter - terrorism facility in this country , which consists of many police officers as well as security officers , so the public should be reassured by that . "
' More vigilant ' Lord Carlile , the government 's independent reviewer of terrorism legislation , said the change was designed to make the public more aware , not to scare people .
He said : " The government has quite rightly decided that if you do n't tell the public to be vigilant , they 're not going to be vigilant .
HAVE YOUR SAY
Interesting how this government has always increased the threat level as we approach events like general elections or votes on going to war .
Colin Craig , Stratford " The message from the current change of assessment is not that we should be more afraid , but that we should be a little bit more vigilant than we have been .
" It is crucial that the public report to the police anything suspicious they see . "
But the chairman of the home affairs sub -committee on counter - terrorism , the Conservative MP Patrick Mercer , criticised Mr Johnson 's decision not to tell the public why the threat level had been increased .
Mr Mercer said : " Key targets - the energy sector , the transport sector - who are told individually what is going on and have access to a certain amount of intelligence , it will be helpful for them .
" It would be so much more helpful , though , if only the public knew what it meant .
At the moment it is merely vacuous . "
Security plan
The US Department of Homeland Security said the move meant the UK would be on a similar level of alert to America .
In a statement it said : " The UK is raising their measures to effectively where we are with the airport security measures that we have taken and announced over the last few weeks .
" We have enhanced our security measures and communicated specific information to industry , law enforcement and the American people . "
Mike Granatt , a former head of the Civil Contingencies Secretariat in the Cabinet Office , said the move would have an effect both on the public and behind the scenes .
ANALYSIS Frank Gardner , BBC security correspondent Essentially four factors have prompted this : capability of terrorists looking to attack this country ; their intent ; the timing and the intelligence .
It is a bit of a spin off - it is not directly related but it 's following the alleged attempt to bring down an airliner on Christmas Day in Detroit coupled with a lot of the intercepted signals coming out of al - Qaeda operatives in Yemen .
Measures were introduced last week to try to choke off any potential threat from Yemen .
But it is a wider picture - a kind of hubbub of raised chatter which , one has to assume , is being intercepted by eavesdropping agencies , that is all feeding into a big pot .
This is distilled by something called the Joint Terrorism Analysis Centre ( JTAC ) which sits inside MI5 24 hours a day , seven days a week , analysing the threat to Britain and its nationals .
They have concluded there is enough out there to raise it to the second highest level .
" The main reason for alert states is to warn people who have a specific task that they ought to do something differently , they ought to be taking more steps or they ought to move to a different phase of the security plan , " he said .
" It also raises awareness among the public to keep their eyes open , and one should n't forget that the millions of pairs of eyes of the public are an extremely useful weapon in the fight against terrorism . "
BBC home affairs correspondent Daniel Sandford said the perceived threat from Yemen since the Christmas Day attempted attack may be one factor behind the decision to raise the threat level .
But he added there might be additional factors which have not been revealed by the government .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown announced on Wednesday that direct flights between Yemen and the UK were to be suspended over fears about their safety .
The change in threat level comes days ahead of two major international conferences , on Yemen and Afghanistan , in London on Wednesday and Thursday .
There are five levels of terror threat , ranging from low - meaning an attack is unlikely - to critical , when an attack is expected imminently .
Severe is the second - highest level on the scale .
The threat level was first made public on 1 August 2006 , when it was set at severe .
It was raised to critical on 10 August that year after a series of arrests over an alleged plot to blow up transatlantic aircraft but lowered to severe again the following week .
The threat level was last at critical in June 2007 , following the attack on Glasgow Airport and the failed car bombings in central London .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There have always been people who have found reasons to take offence .
In moments of high tension , you have always been able to find people who are offended if you will not give them reasons to take offence .
But the heresy hunters who took offence at the feeble joke Andrew Neil used to introduce the BBC's This Week are a novelty .
They belong to a new breed of digitally enabled puritan the internet has unleashed .
In case you missed it , Neil began his political show by mocking Gordon Brown for failing to answer an inane request to name his favourite biscuit .
He then turned to his guests , Diane Abbot , who is black , and Michael Portillo , who is not , and said : " And here we have our very own chocolate HobNob and custard cream of late - night telly . "
A few viewers complained , not because they thought that if the imperious Ms Abbott were a biscuit she would be a Bourbon , but because the accusation stirred in their ever - suspicious minds that Neil was a racist .
Instead of telling them not to be silly , the BBC pulled the programme from its iPlayer .
Bewildered observers pointed out that the wife of John Pienaar , Radio 5's political correspondent , was responsible for the allegedly insulting script .
As her husband is also black , she seemed an unlikely bigot .
The BBC was cowardly , but perhaps understood better than its critics how the net is reducing the cost of complaining to zero and allowing waves of outrage to crash through cyberspace .
A generation ago , protest was hard work .
Organising a demonstration involved negotiating with the police , agreeing a reasonably coherent programme with allies , hiring coaches and appointing stewards .
Even running a write - in campaign necessitated persuading people to take the time to draft letters and post them .
A few hundred complaints was an impressive total in the circumstances .
Now Facebook groups and trending topics on Twitter can , if they ignite , produce mass protests from nowhere .
Links to the relevant regulators ' websites and pre-written objections to insert in them are also to hand .
And the truly enraged can then move on and join " flash mobs " which organise protests online in hours or days rather than wait weeks for old - fashioned demonstrations .
I have known for years that the Daily Mail hired homophobes as columnists – no , really , I have – but others were shocked beyond measure by the discovery that Jan Moir could use the death of Stephen Gately as a reason to sneer at gay marriages .
About 22,000 protested to the Press Complaints Commission .
The number of objections to the equally obnoxious baiting of an old man by Jonathan Ross and Russell Brand on Radio 2 bettered that total and hit 37,000 .
When cries of " shut them up " and " shout them down " are roaring across the web , I see why the BBC was keen to stop the HobNob affair in case it went viral .
Before I go any further , I must acknowledge that the net is helping the campaign to prevent the English judiciary silencing scientists who criticise quacks , and that bloggers and tweeters blew apart our wretched legal profession 's attempt to ban the Guardian and Parliament from discussing what the toxic waste Trafigura dumped off the Ivory Coast did to Africans .
Despite the good the net brings , however , you can always rely on people who willingly join a mob to set their own home on fire eventually .
The air is thick with the smell of burning principles and not only because the same people who want freedom of speech for Parliament want to silence Jan Moir .
The ease of net communication explains why so much abuse appears in comments boxes .
But it also undermines the authenticity of many mass protests .
The targets feel as if they are on the receiving end of genuine popular feeling , when typically the anger directed against them is shallow and transient .
In the British Journalism Review , to take a conclusive example , media studies academics Suzanne Franks and Jean Seaton examined the apparently heartfelt protests against the BBC 's refusal to broadcast an appeal for the victims of the war in Gaza .
At the height of the controversy in January , the BBC Trust had logged more than 22,000 complaints from campaigners who seemed desperate to do what ever they could to get aid to the afflicted .
The alleged concern of almost half of them was phoney .
At precisely that moment , the number of true altruists who had put their hands in their pockets and contributed to the appeal stood at a mere 13,000 .
The largely conservative campaign against Jonathan Ross was equally confused .
Tories who pose as plain - speaking Englishmen and women and affect to despise political correctness could not accept an apology for a repellent but isolated breakdown in standards but wanted to destroy the careers of everyone who had transgressed the speech codes of the right .
Last week , the Telegraph was running disingenuous comment pieces condemning the BBC for imposing rigid controls on its comedians .
After the battering it had received , what did the Telegraph expect it to do ?
Earlier this month , meanwhile , when Twitter heaved with protests against Jan Moir , apparent liberals matched conservatives and forgot every liberal principle they knew .
Marks & Spencer responded to their protests by pulling its advertising from the Mail .
The fashionable media model is for newspapers to give their contents away free on the web and rely on advertisers for money , a strategy that will inevitably give commercial interests the muscle to be censors .
Instead of wondering what might happen to investigations into corporate tax avoidance in future , bloggers welcomed advertisers ' attempts to dictate an editorial line by citing the boycott as " a brilliant example of how reader power in the new media age can hurt newspapers " .
A mob fighting a good cause is still a mob .
To fight back , you need to remember that although the internet age is hugely expanding the number of complaints , the old rules still apply .
Whether you are the owner of a tiny blog or the editor of a national newspaper , if someone points out an incorrect fact , you correct it ; if someone challenges an argument , you argue back ; and if someone says that you must think what they think , you ignore them .
The Tale of the Teleporting Turtle .
It 's a classic interview question : Given a ( singly - ) linked list , determine whether or not it has a cycle .
The obvious solution is to run down the list and mark each node as you find it .
If you find a node with a mark , you have found a cycle .
If you reach the end of the list , there is no cycle .
The problem is that you have to mark the nodes .
Perhaps you 're not allowed to do that .
OK , then make a note of each node you visit , and every time you step to another node , check to see if it 's on your list .
The problem now is that you do n't know how long your list will become .
More , checking your list gets more and more onerous .
In fact the number of checks grows quadratically with the length of your list .
Not efficient , certainly not practical .
But in the late 1960s Robert W. Floyd came up with an algorithm that required no more storage than two pointers to the list , and which worked in time O ( n ) , guaranteed no longer than a constant times the length of the list .
Nicknamed " The Tortoise and the Hare , " this clever algorithm is used in many applications , from testing the cycle length of a pseudorandom number generator to factoring numbers , from analysing group structures to determining whether the phase space of an orbital system is periodic .
Briefly , Floyd 's algorithm starts with two pointers - the eponymous tortoise and hare - both pointing to the start of the list .
For each tick of the clock the tortoise takes one step and the hare takes two .
If the hare ever reaches the end of the list then clearly it can have no loop .
But if there is a loop , eventually the hare will catch up with the tortoise .
Thus if the tortoise and hare are ever pointing at the same node , there is a loop .
tortoise = head hare = head Forever : if end ==hare : return ' No loop ' : else : hare = hare .
next if end ==hare : return ' No loop ' : else : hare = hare .
next tortoise = tortoise . next if hare==tortoise : return ' Loop found ' Being O ( 1 ) in space and O ( n ) seems optimal - the question is now whether we can make it run faster .
The answer is yes - we use a teleporting tortoise .
Well , obviously tortoises can't teleport , so we use a turtle instead , and since we use a turtle instead of a tortoise , we 'll use a rabbit instead of a hare .
( Work with me here ...)
So how does a teleporting turtle help us ?
We start with the turtle and rabbit pointing to the head , and then on each clock tick we advance the rabbit by one step .
After a while , assuming we 've neither found the end of the list nor caught the turtle , we teleport the turtle to the rabbit 's position , double the length of time we 're willing to wait , then go again .
Here 's the algorithm in pseudo - code : turtle , rabbit = head , head steps_taken , step_limit = 0,2 rabbit = head Forever : if end==rabbit : return ' No loop ' : else : rabbit = rabbit. next steps_taken += 1 if rabbit==turtle : return ' Loop found ' if steps_taken==step_limit : steps_taken = 0 step_limit *= 2 turtle = rabbit
In a sense , this is taking the naive idea and making it work .
The naive way to perform loop detection is to run around for what you hope is long enough , and if you do n't succeed in either finding the end or finding a loop , you give up .
The teleporting turtle idea is nearly the same , it 's just that now instead of giving up you just double the time you 're willing to spend , and try again .
The space complexity is still constant , although we do need two extra variables to keep the steps taken and the step limit .
The time complexity is still O( n ) , although now on every clock tick we only take one step , not three .
Although following a link is n't much work when you 're running around a linked list , the cycle - detection algorithm is also used in the Pollard rho and elliptic curve methods of factoring , in which the numbers are huge and the " list " is implicit .
In these cases it 's a huge saving to perform 1/3 of the steps ( although in practice the saving is n't as much as 1/3 ) .
So the teleporting turtle wins the day , and anyone who tells you that the tortoise and the hare method of finding loops in linked lists is the best you can do , has n't done all their homework .
For more information than you could possibly want , wikipedia is your friend : Wikipedia on Cycle Detection
If you 're interested in commenting there is already some discussion over on Hacker News : The Teleporting Turtle
Fly by Wire : The Geese , the Glide , the Miracle on the Hudson by William Langewiesche Farrar , Straus and Giroux , 193 pp. , $ 24.00
Not long after takeoff from LaGuardia last January 15 , as the Charlotte - bound US Airways flight was climbing out smoothly over the Bronx on a northerly heading , something hit the airplane .
Something that seemed big .
There was a loud noise and a collective gasp from the passengers .
Some of them had seen something like a flash of brown going into the engines .
The airplane began to wiggle a little and decelerate .
The flight attendants were still strapped in their seats not near any windows , but they guessed what had happened .
There was a smell of something burning .
It had become completely quiet .
There was no word from the cockpit .
A woman would text her husband , “ My flight is crashing . ”
The airplane was not crashing , but it was definitely headed down .
At about 2,500 feet it had collided with a flock of Canada geese flying southwest ; geese are not uncommon in the New York area , their ancient migratory routes passing over it .
At least five birds had hit the plane , three or more going into and virtually destroying both engines .
The copilot , Jeffrey Skiles , had been at the controls , and he and the pilot , Chesley Sullenberger , had suddenly seen , at the same time , the flock of geese slightly above and ahead .
“ Birds ! ” Sullenberger cried just before they hit .
“ Whoa ! ” Skiles said .
They were fortunate that a bird — Canada geese are large — had n’t crashed directly into the windshield , but the engines were already banging and winding down .
Fire was coming from both of them , flames from one and fireballs from the other .
Briefly , for some fifteen seconds , Sullenberger tried to restart the engines and also , more or less instinctively since it was not part of the procedure , he started an auxiliary power unit in the tail to maintain electrical power .
His pulse rate must have been high , but he said calmly , “ My aircraft , ” and took over the controls .
Sullenberger was almost fifty - eight years old , an experienced and steady captain who had been flying since he was sixteen .
He had learned to fly in high school in Denison , Texas , from a grass field and had gone on to the Air Force Academy and the beginnings of a career as a fighter pilot , during which he had flown a Vietnam - era fighter , the F - 4 Phantom .
He had never , in his long flying career , had an engine failure .
It was hardly surprising since jet engines are simple in design and extremely reliable although subject to damage if anything reasonably substantial comes into the intake .
He called New York Approach and said , “ We lost thrust in both engines .
We ’re turning back towards LaGuardia . ”
As Sullenberger began a turn to the left to return to the field , Skiles began working on the checklist of air restarting procedures .
They had slowed to a recommended gliding speed .
In the cabin no one knew what was happening , although knowledgeable passengers could see that they were turning back …
If anyone is wondering whether emails by U.S. government employees are “ private ” and “ personal ” – an assertion sometimes made in respect to emails at CRU , an institution subject to UK FOI – the answer in respect to NASA GISS appears to be no .
Link :
Judicial Watch announced today that it has obtained internal documents from NASA ’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies ( GISS ) related to a controversy that erupted in 2007 when Canadian blogger Stephen McIntyre exposed an error in NASA ’s handling of raw temperature data from 2000 - 2006 that exaggerated the reported rise in temperature readings in the United States .
Mozilla 's Firefox 3.7 looks set to take a step closer to competing with Google 's Chrome and Microsoft 's Internet Explorer 8 in the speed stakes , according to results of a pre-release version tested by a browser enthusiast .
A blogger at My Outsourced Brain put a very rough - round - the - edges version of Firefox 3.7 through its paces .
As noted by Slashdot , it contains the early stage features of a project that Mozilla has dubbed Electrolysis , which is the open source outfit 's efforts to catch up with IE 8 and Chrome on multicore processor support .
The MOB blogger tested the pre-release version of Firefox 3.7 in parallel with the current iteration of the browser - 3.5 .
He / she claimed that JavaScript speed was greatly improved in Firefox 3.7 , though it still fell short of Chrome 's performance in many of the tests .
" In the Sunspider Javascript performance test , I found that the new build runs nearly three times as fast ( 1849.2 ms ) as Firefox 3.5.6 pre ( 4554.4 ms ) , however Chromium runs about 50 per cent faster ( 1211.6 ms ) ... this test confirms my impression that Chrome has the edge on speed over Firefox ( at least in interpretation of JavaScript ) , " noted the blogger , who carried out all the tests on a Linux platform .
But , if this independent tinkering with an unstable version of Firefox 3.7 is anything to go by , then Mozilla appears to have made vast speed improvements over the browser 's predecessors .
Have you got your hands on a pre-release version of Firefox 3.7 yet , and if so , what 's your take ?
Let us know by posting a comment below . ®
Homelessness , utility shutoffs lead to house fires , freezing deaths
US cold snap highlights depth of social crisis
By Kate Randall
7 January 2010
A protracted cold spell eased somewhat Wednesday , but wide areas of the US — from the Northern Plains to the East Coast and stretching to the South — were bracing for more winter weather and freezing temperatures this weekend .
The cold snap has spelled misery for many , especially in areas unaccustomed and ill - prepared for the frigid conditions .
The freezing weather has placed in sharp relief the devastating social impact of mass unemployment , growing poverty and the refusal of the Obama administration to provide any serious relief for the victims of the economic crisis .
The arctic blast began last weekend and has been blamed for a least seven confirmed deaths .
The number is likely far higher , and confirmed deaths can be expected to climb as packed shelters turn away people seeking refuge and communities struggle to provide a warm place for the growing ranks of the homeless .
Other households may have a roof over their heads , but have had their utilities shut off due to non-payment .
The use of space heaters , fires , candles and other unsafe sources of heating and electricity leaves families vulnerable to house fires .
Three people died early Tuesday morning in Detroit when their home caught fire .
It is believed the house — without gas or electrical service in below - zero temperatures — was being heated by a space heater .
( See “ Cut off from heat in freezing temperatures — Three die in Detroit house fire ” )
A National Fire Protection Association report showed 73 percent of home heating fire deaths can be attributed to space heaters .
These conditions can only be expected to worsen under conditions of bitter cold and increasing utility shutoffs .
Over the past week in Georgia , six families have lost their homes to fires , all of them trying to heat their houses with space heaters .
The families narrowly escaped death .
The Red Cross reports a 200 percent surge in house fires .
The Red Cross ’s Ryan Logan attributes this to a combination of the cold weather and the economic situation , commenting , “ Some of the most critical cases , I mean , people are actually heating their homes with their stoves and so things like that is really kind of what we ’re seeing and I really believe it ’s just a result of the economy at this point . ”
Logan also says that because many families have consolidated to save money and are now living under one roof , these fires are affecting more people as well .
A broad swath of the nation ’s midsection was under winter storm warnings Wednesday as parts of Missouri , Nebraska , Iowa , Minnesota and Illinois braced for more snow and frigid temperatures .
South Dakota was under a blizzard warning until Thursday morning .
In the South , a region unaccustomed to such brutal winter weather , parts of Arkansas , Mississippi and Louisiana were under a hard freeze warning Wednesday morning .
In Florida , Governor Charlie Crist ordered a state of emergency Tuesday as the state ’s $ 9 billion citrus crop was threatened by freezing temperatures overnight .
At least four cold - related deaths were reported in Tennessee .
Three people were found dead in Memphis within a 24 - hour period .
Leroy Jones , 68 , was found frozen to death in his home in South Memphis on Sunday .
Although his utility bill had been paid , for some reason he had n’t turned on his heat .
Jones , who lived alone , was paralyzed on one side and had other health conditions .
Shelby County Medical Examiner Dr. Karen Chancellor commented to the local media that hypothermia can affect the brain and an individual ’s decision - making .
“ Your sensations may be altered , ” she said , “ and you may not realize that you ’re becoming too cold .
Those most at risk include the elderly , chronically ill , people with heart disease and those who abuse drugs and alcohol . ”
Two homeless men also succumbed to the cold in the Memphis area .
The body of 51 - year - old Daniel Foust , from Ohio , was found next to the railroad tracks in Bartlett .
Another man , 55 , whose identity has yet to be released by authorities , was discovered frozen to death at Memorial Park Cemetery in East Memphis .
In Nashville , Tennessee , John Anderson , was found dead outside his home Monday morning .
Anderson , 81 , who was in the advanced stages of Alzheimer ’s Disease , wandered outside in his bathrobe overnight , when area temperatures fell to a low of 12 Fahrenheit ( - 11 Centigrade ) .
His case exposes the plight of millions of elderly Americans across the US living alone with serious medical conditions and with little or no social assistance .
Since the cold snap took hold , several Nashville area shelters have reported turning away up to 75 people a night .
USA Today reports that the Nashville Rescue Mission , which has 747 beds , is filled to overcapacity .
State and local authorities wash their hands of the homeless crisis , leaving it mainly to charities and churches to deal with the growing numbers of individuals and families thrown onto the streets by the deepening economic crisis .
The Nashville Rescue Mission sends out a “ cold patrol ” when the temperatures drop below 36 Fahrenheit ( 2 Centigrade ) .
In Broward County , Florida , the body of a homeless man was found Monday near Hollywood ’s Young Circle , a victim of the unusually cold weather for this region .
Investigators were working to identify the 6 - foot , 128 pound man who reportedly went by the name “ Oklahoma . ”
Medical Examiner Dr. Joshua Perper said that the freezing temperatures are likely a contributing factor in other deaths in Broward County , particularly among elderly people who have other underlying conditions .
Staying outside in the cold exposes the homeless to hypothermia , pneumonia , bronchitis and frostbite .
With temperatures dipping near the freezing mark , the Broward County Outreach Center in Hollywood , which normally takes in 15 to 20 people , has been averaging 40 people this week and is prepared to serve 70 .
In Kansas City , Missouri , police found the frozen body of a homeless person in an underpass .
It is likely the man had been there for days .
The Salvation Army and other shelters and charities in the area report a desperate need for donations of hats , gloves and socks for the homeless .
In Cook County , Illinois , six people have died from exposure so far this year .
The most recent victim was Raymond Baylock , 58 , whose body was found partially clothed early morning December 31 in Jackie Robinson Park .
The medical examiner ’s office determined he died of cold exposure in an accident .
More than four years after Hurricane Katrina , thousands of displaced people are still living in abandoned houses in New Orleans , Louisiana .
With overnight temperatures expected to fall into the mid-20s this week , many people living in these homes without heat are at risk .
Martha Kegel of UNITY of Greater New Orleans , a network of agencies aiding the homeless , told USA Today that while a team is out looking for people who need shelter , “ There is no way to get to all of them . ”
She added , “ I have a sickening feeling we ’re going to lose people to exposure . ”
In Minneapolis , Minnesota , a city where frigid temperatures in winter are not unexpected , the local Salvation Army Harbor Lights shelter has been packed .
Workers from the shelter have been combing the downtown area looking for people who need a place to stay .
Harbor Lights is funded by contributions from individuals , churches and businesses , and donations are down this year .
While no cold - related deaths have yet been reported in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma this year , homeless shelters report increasing numbers seeking refuge .
Grace Rescue Mission , which serves up to 120 men , has been full since mid-summer .
Scott Allen , the shelter ’s director , points to the poor economy and increasing unemployment as contributing factors .
Even before the current extreme weather conditions , Maryland ’s state medical commissioner determined that hypothermia was a contributing factor in four deaths in November and December .
As a warning of what is to come , last winter as a whole hypothermia contributed to 54 deaths across the state .
As the cold wave ravages the US , snow and winter weather continue to bring dangerous conditions to many areas of Europe .
In Britain on Tuesday , up to 8 inches of snow fell in parts of Scotland and Northern England , disrupting travel for millions of people .
London ’s Gatwick airport was closed Wednesday morning , while Heathrow , Birmingham , Luton and Southampton airports were operating with delays and cancellations .
The severe winter weather is expected to last at least another week .
In Sussex , about 5,000 homes are without electricity .
Thousands of schools have been closed and about half the UK workforce has reportedly stayed home as authorities have warned people to use their vehicles only in an emergency .
Temperatures plunging to as low as - 22 Centigrade ( - 8 Fahrenheit ) have claimed the lives of 122 in Poland this year , mostly the homeless .
The main river , the Vistula , has frozen over , raising fears of major flooding .
The Shotgun Blog
« Doctor Given Speeding Ticket While Trying to Save Life | Main | Googlegate conspiracy debunked .
Thanks to me . »
Monday , January 18 , 2010
" The Principle of Pot " -- new documentary about Marc Emery , Prince of Pot , released by Paul McKeever
Paul McKeever , leader of the Freedom Party of Ontario , lawyer , and long - time Objectivist , has released the first part of a two - part documentary about Marc Emery 's life at midnight today .
Here 's the press release about the documentary :
Just after midnight tonight , Ontario lawyer Paul McKeever will release Part 1 of " The Principle of Pot " , his new two - part documentary about the nature and motives of Marc Emery , the media - dubbed Prince of Pot .
Part 1 runs 1 hour and 39 minutes .
Part 2 will be released at a later date .
The launch is timed to precede a decision by Canada 's federal justice minister , Rob Nicholson , about whether or not to approve the extradition of Emery to the United States , where he faces years of imprisonment for having sold cannabis seeds , in Vancouver , Canada , via mail order .
The Minister 's decision is expected within the next 81 days .
Emery 's opponents , and the U.S. authorities who demanded his arrest in Halifax , have attempted to portray Emery as a profit - motivated drug dealer .
Part 1 of McKeever 's documentary will cover the period up to 1990 ; a period during which Emery was equally active as an advocate of individual freedom , but whose advocacy of individual freedom did not include campaigns concerning the issue of cannabis prohibition .
Being the result of countless hours of research , interviews , writing and editing , the video includes audio , video and textual information that has never been seen in any profile of Emery .
Much of the audio and video having been drawn from the archives of Freedom Party of Ontario ( with which Emery was active until 1990 ) , it has never before been seen by the general public or media .
The first part of this documentary is worth watching .
Apart from sharing Emery 's early pro-liberty activism with the Freedom Party in London , Ontario , the documentary also presents a sympathetic explanation of Ayn Rand 's philosophy of Objectivism , and gives viewers something of a history of the individual liberty movement in Canada .
Here 's the first segment , the second , third , and fourth segment are below the fold .
We will , of course , post the next part of this documentary as soon as it becomes available :
Posted by P.M. Jaworski on January 18 , 2010 in Marijuana reform | Permalink
Comments
The mere fact that the deportation order was not signed immediately proves that there is no political campaign against Emery .
He 's a nobody , contrary to his claims .
He 's nothing but a drug dealing criminal who will rot in jail for many years for his actions , not his antics .
Posted by : Zebulon Pike | 2010-01-18 6:57:20 AM
Marc Emery is a terrorist .
All of his money goes to support terror .
He should be deported .
I agree with Zebulon Pike that Marc Emery has a secret agenda .
Posted by : Shane Matthews | 2010-01-18 10:12:09 AM
Boy you guys do n't waste any time flaming do you ?
As if you even believe what you say ...
Posted by : Zebulon Matthews | 2010-01-18 11:02:33 AM
Maybe the order was not signed immediately is because they are politicians and want to gauge the winds before risking their paychecks .
Maybe they are reading the posts in most online news sources that show most people are not behind Harpo 's plans to lock everyone up .
Maybe we should be looking at the root causes for what is known as criminal behavior instead of making up laws because we do n't know how , or are unwilling to deal with the real cause .
Its too bad society lags so far behind technology .
Posted by : Steve Bottrell | 2010-01-18 12:08:25 PM
No .
Neither Mr. Harper , the savior of the national economy and of the Haitian people , nor any other official , is worried about his / her pay check .
Nor are they particularly concerned about public opinion on this small , nearly trivial issue .
To them , Emery is just another criminal .
The status of existing laws concerning narcotics is secure , thanks in part to Bill C - 15 and to the sheer incompetence and ineffectiveness of the other side .
So , for the next five years , Emery and Mr. Harper will get what they deserve : Emery rots in prison , while Mr. Harper gets his long overdue majority .
We truly live in a just society .
Posted by : Zebulon Pike | 2010-01-18 12:31:18 PM
You are truly delusional .
Do you have a Harper shrine in your closet ?
Harper did not save shit .
The economy is trashed , all Harpo did is pass the debt on to the future .
He is not the savior of Haiti any more than you are , since he is offering up your money .
I love the offer from the government , " we will match the public 's donations " WITH THE PUBLIC'S MONEY ! "
Lets hear how much the Conservative party members puts up out of their own pocket .
Or any party for that matter .
To them , Emery is a problem larger than you think .
I do n't think they expected the backlash they received .
Harper is going down in the polls and will go down in the next election .
At best he will maintain minority status , simply due to unacceptable opposition .
As soon as one of the opposition parties gets their acts together , Harpo will be a footnote .
Oh , and Bill C - 15 died on the floor Zeb .
You do n't read the news much do you ?
" We truly live in a just society . " Your kidding right ?
Posted by : Steve Bottrell | 2010-01-18 12:56:38 PM
Mr. Harper , God Bless
Him , stopped Kyoto once and for all .
He alone had the common sense to avoid that potential catastrophe .
He MAY have borrowed too much in the past year , but that was insignificant to saving the entire economy from disaster under Kyoto .
All the social services Canadians enjoy ( and largely take for granted ) are now secure .
Iggy and Taliban Jack were willing to put them at risk .
Saving them puts Mr. Harper into the highest ranks of of Canadian leaders .
Moreover , Mr. Harper saved many Haitian lives by acquiring the C - 17 Globemaster cargo aircraft for the Air Force .
Their availability allowed the DART team to get there within hours of the earthquake .
Compare that to the pathetically slow deployment to the 2004 - 2005 Indian Ocean earthquake due to the unavailability of air transport .
How embarrassing for the lazy Martin government , and how glorious for Mr. Harper .
There has been no backlash against Emery .
He 's not a concern for anyone but his supporters .
We 'll see in a few years whose legacy will be remembered : the selfish drug dealer or the best prime minister in Canadian history .
Posted by : Zebulon Pike | 2010-01-18 1:30:46 PM
It would be good if some one could talk about the Documentary .
Posted by : gordzilla | 2010-01-18 1:45:44 PM
I will give Harper credit for not drinking the coolaid on Kyoto .
But it remains to be seen if it means anything , as the cap and trade scheme seems to be appealing to them .
Why ?
Money !
Lots and lots of money for those at the top .
And hardship and strife for everyone else .
We do n't need money , or government anymore .
They are both outdated , obsolete concepts that need to be done away with for the benefit of mankind .
The present system is broken beyond repair , but most are too blind to see this .
And so we are doomed to repeat the errors that has plagued humanity since the system of scarcity was created .
Errors like war , starvation , and classes .
We no longer live in a time of scarcity , and have n't for centuries .
But our system is still based on it .
We live in an era of abundance .
It is commonly known we could easily feed , clothe , and house everybody on this planet , but we do n't .
Why ?
Politics and profit .
Instead of understanding this , we perpetuate the present system for the benefit of a few , while the majority suffers .
Posted by : Steve Bottrell | 2010-01-18 1:54:36 PM
" We 'll see in a few years whose legacy will be remembered : the selfish drug dealer or the best prime minister in Canadian history . "
Yes , we will see .
Which will win out .
Money , or self determination .
I have to side with you here Zeb .
Based on history , where money is # 1 and all else falls before it , money is probably going to win .
But then again , people are showing that there is profit to be made in legalizing , and as long as this is so , in the present system , legalization stands a chance .
Ignore common sense , stats , and science .
As soon as its figured out the rich can get richer , it will pass .
Posted by : Steve Bottrell | 2010-01-18 2:05:40 PM
Lol your right Gordzilla , my bad .
I guess I better watch it :)
I just looked at the comments and started in on Zeb .
Ahhh a lazy day off ....
Posted by : Steve Bottrell | 2010-01-18 2:10:35 PM
Posted by : Steve Bottrell | 2010-01-18 2:05:40 PM
Good perspective !
Posted by : Vegan Philosopher | 2010-01-18 3:56:39 PM
Let me first extend my compliments to Paul for putting together this fine documentary .
While I personally regard smoking marijuana as distasteful , I recognized that this is a personal preference .
I have no right to impose on others my personal likes or dislikes .
Punishing people for smoking marijuana is as absurd as punishing them for preferring chocolate to vanilla ice cream .
While a flood of risible claims have been put forth on the medical harm done by consumption of marijuana , this is little more than ex-post facto rationalizations .
Some people find the consumption of marijuana to be injurious to the social fabric .
They regard its effects , which are objectively comparable to alcohol in terms of impairment and long - term health effects , as sapping the " virtue " and " character " of its users .
They then arrogate themselves the position of moral censor and proclaim its use verboten .
This mentality regards other human beings not as independent sovereign beings , but instead as serfs to society , or more precisely as serfs to the moral censors ' own personal preferences .
Live your life the way I want it , or else .
It 's a mentality suitable to an authoritarian state , not the Canada that once existed , and will exist again .
I provide the above as a preface .
The reason people like me , who would never purchase Marc Emery 's product in a million years , support his brave efforts is that he is defending the right of the individual to his own life .
He refusing to exist as serf or slave of the busy body mentality .
The above documentary will provide an important tool in educating Canadians , and hopefully some of our American friends , about the efforts Marc Emery is fighting to defend the freedom of all of us .
If we concede to the state the right to govern our own bodies , they may in principle do whatever they choose to us .
The fight against the drug war is a fight to end a senseless carnage .
It is a fight to re-establish the principle of the individual 's sovereignty over himself .
Let me again thank Paul for his efforts , he is a man with many personal and business commitments , yet has made the time to produce this documentary .
He has also been honest enough to show the differences between his beliefs and Marc's , in particular in highlighting Marc 's support of anarchistic principles .
We do need government , we need a small government and a strong one which strongly defends our rights , rather than the modern Leviathans we have today .
In closing let me above all thank Marc Emery .
He is waging a vital battle in the war for freedom .
If the alleged " conservatives " who run the federal government fail to grasp that , may we speedily have in power those who understand the principles of individual liberty this country was founded upon .
Posted by : Publius | 2010-01-18 5:35:30 PM
The only way to save Marc Emery now is to join our betting pool .. all new series / all new odds win exciting cash prizes .. IF you back the right result ..
Money / mouth : you know the drill
$ 25 says His Majesty the Prince of Pot will be quietly cuffed and escorted to the border and delivered up to the US officials .. and held in custody for sentencing .. remember , he plead guilty in advance , so huge swaths of political drama are eliminated .. just when is up for grabs , but we all know its very soon ..
( low odds on this series as it's a sure thing )
Posted by : 419 | 2010-01-18 5:37:18 PM
oh ya , the movie ... it is thumbs up all the way .
( will there be an premiere party with free food ? )
Posted by : 419 | 2010-01-18 5:39:26 PM
I do n't see how Emery defended anyone 's freedom ?
He could n't even protect his own .
At no time did he fight the process and make turn his situation into a fight for liberty .
Indeed , as 419 pointed out , he plead guilty and quietly agreed to his sentence .
Even he realized that he was in over his head .
What a loser .
If you want your cause to succeed , find someone who can win .
Martin Luther King won many important victories for civil rights because he developed winning strategies - i.e. boycotts , fill the jails , embarrassing the authorities , raising public awareness by using the media , and his own personal example .
Emery failed on every count .
Posted by : Zebulon Pike | 2010-01-18 5:57:30 PM
King also succeeded , until his turn against the Vietnam War in 1967 anyway , because he had the ear and support of President Lyndon B. Johnson .
Without his sympathy and ability to rally support in Congress ( and dealing with recalcriant state governors like George Wallace ) , King would have been a lost cause .
Emery has no one in high office backing him .
In fact , they steer clear of him .
Why , you ask ?
Because he 's a liability .
Posted by : Zebulon Pike | 2010-01-18 6:06:26 PM
" The status of existing laws concerning narcotics is secure , thanks in part to Bill C - 15 ... " writes a Harper - boosting , Emery - bashing commentator above .
Bill C - 15 ( among other legislation ) died when Harper prorogued Parliament -- and while it will doubtless reappear , it remains to be seen how many Opposition MPs will support it a second time around .
Today ( Jan 18 ) , a new Washington Post - ABC News poll finds broad support for the legalization of medical marijuana - a move currently underway in New Jersey and the District of Columbia - and a majority says that if it is legalized , it should be available to any patient who gets a prescription .
More than eight in 10 in the new poll back legal medical marijuana , up significantly from a Post - ABC poll conducted in May 1997 .
Most , 56 percent , say if it is legalized it should be available to any patient , one in five favor a system where it would be available only to the terminally ill and the same share say it should be available to those with serious , non-fatal illnesses .
The shift in views coincides with growing support for the legalization of small amounts of marijuana for personal use .
Overall , nearly half of all Americans , 46 percent , now back this idea , unchanged from this spring , but more than double the proportion saying so in the late 1990s .
In addition , on Jan 12 , California 's Assembly 's public safety committee voted 4 - 3 on a measure that would tax and regulate marijuana in the same way alcohol is controlled i.e. legalize marijuana .
( The legislation is not likely to come to a vote however as there are time constraints on any more legislation coming before the present Assembly . )
It is up to those who seriously study such matters to decide whether the " arc of history " is more likely to bend in Marc Emery 's direction than in the punitive direction of Stephen Harper .
It will not be the first time that a man in a jail cell may turn out to be more enlightened than those who oppressed him .
Paul McKeever is to be congratulated for producing an informative documentary .
Posted by : palinurus | 2010-01-18 6:35:56 PM
Nobody ever cared that the terminally have access to cannabis , no friction at any time ..
You will always reap huge support in that one
What you will _not reap huge support for ..' is party pot decrim or outright recreational use legalization .
So the pro pot people are taking all this medicaL marijuana normalization as a victory to their struggle ??> how false and lame to steal the thunder of sick people and jerk it into politics .. how sad and weak
Why does society nod at the terminally ill using cannabis ???
the terminally ill do n't __normally__ drive in traffic , operate machinery , function in the workfirce or are applying themselves in education ..
Posted by : 419 | 2010-01-18 6:59:13 PM
oh .. and the movie .. yws , , facinating
this this freedom of choice thing
should be mandatory viewing
whew !.. it sure takes a looooong time to get to the points .
part 1 was somewhat boring .. Any Rand stills as she talks on and on .. part 2 .. well marc as officiual shit disturber of the freedom party and paperboy .. zzzzzzz .. could have wrapped that all up in three minutes .. no , we get every sleepyfacet - the only thing really worth watching was Emerys ' fro ..
thats what you get
when you let a lawyer
direct a film
about a criminal ...
Posted by : 419 | 2010-01-18 7:05:07 PM
What happens in New Jersey if you 're caught with drugs without a state - issued ID ?
Busted .
Where 's the progress if the conditions - and enforcement that goes with it - are worse than before ?
This is a case of glorifying the most menial victories .
it is such a waste of time .
No wonder their cause has been a failure thus far .
Posted by : Zebulon Pike | 2010-01-18 7:06:48 PM
Great documentary Paul .
There is much in there that I did not know about Mr. Emery .
And frankly , my admiration for the man has indeed , grown .
Ca n't wait for part 2 .
As to 419 and Zeb moaning about Emery caving in , give me a break .
Of course he is gonna try to make a deal .
20 + years for selling pot seeds ?
Try him in Canada , in front of a jury of his peers , and most likely he would walk out of court a free man .
This is just more Harper cowardice .
He handed him over to one of the most oppressive regimes on the planet because he knows it would n't fly here .
So is Marc wrong to take a deal ?
Of course not !
He should n't even be going in the first place .
Of course he is going to go quietly , but his message will be loud and clear .
What do you expect him to do ?
Rambo the government ?
Go run and hide in the bushes ?
That 's a Harper tactic .
Not a real mans tactic .
So yes , he may have to serve 5 years in hell , and I admire him all the more for it .
But he should n't be going at all .
A terrorist Matthews ?
Really ?
How do you figure that ?
Could you throw out a few more nonsensical theories or words ?
I need a good laugh to close the day .
Maybe you could tie him to the mythical Al Qaeda ?
Or perhaps you could say he hangs out with the Taliban .
The only terrorist here possibly is you , as I 'm sure you would happily kill in the name of your god .
Posted by : Steve Bottrell | 2010-01-18 7:18:30 PM
Every day of my life I am thankfull for people like Zebulon Pike , because without their consistent and blind support of " drugs are wrong " I would be put out of buisness .
Yes legalization would put me bankrupt , prices of these so called " narcotics " would plummit and would make many people like myself not nearly as rich as we all are .
So thank - you once again Mr. / Ms .
Pike for your never ending support of the black market .
Regardless of whatever bullshit these legalizers talk about I will always have people like you who support legilization that makes it just that more worth it to break the law in the name of the almighty dollar .
Posted by : Never Legalize | 2010-01-18 7:22:49 PM
Also , great post Publius , that 's more like it .
Instead of quoting dead people and wishing for a time gone by , we should be working on progress , going forward , not backward .
I understand your quotes of others have meaning , even in todays messed up world , and we can learn from them , but I prefer your own thoughts and opinions .
They tend to be more relative to our times .
Posted by : Steve Bottrell | 2010-01-18 7:25:15 PM
.. Ot is no secret that most - 80 % of the Emerty Gang contraband pot seeds were sent to the USA ..
His majesty clearly states this ratio .
So the major impact His Majestys ' " Overgrow the Government " was aimed at overgrowing the US govt - the damage was rendered at America from his sfaebase in Vancouver -- the damaged party was the United States , and Emery already proudly , loudly plead guilty -- immediately after his co accused ratted him out at thew DEA headquarters in the USA in exchange for a way tiny sentence ..
Open and shut case here - America damaged , America will punish the guilty .
the USA has every legal and moral right to extradite Emery to America and if a US Judge rules so , imprison him there for drug crime .
What makes stoners imagine Emery would only receive a $ 200 fine for his seed selling crimes in Canada ?
He is a long term , unrepentant multiple offender , this is his third strike , and if its $ 200 fine _per offence , and he shipped millions of seeds not just to the USA but worldwide , , that trespass would scoop his majesty an _easy DECADE in a canadian prison for that level of criminal activity by a repeat offender ..
Where do you wipeheads get the idea its ok to break clearly described international law ?
Do you ignore all this just because you do n't like it ?
The Prince of Pot will serve several years in jail no matter who nails him .
If you are so concerned , mail $ 25 to his lawyer and appeal this ..
but you wo n't - bitching is just so much easier
Posted by : 419 | 2010-01-18 7:37:49 PM
Uh , in what way has Mr. Harper 's government been directly involved in the persecution - heh , I meant prosecution - of Emery ?
As far as I can tell , they played no role at all .
Emery is n't important enough to merit their attention .
Blaming them for his predicament omits many important facts and processes .
But the drug - fried brains of Emery and his " supporters " cannot see that .
They need a scapegoat .
Fortunately , they only make themselves appear more ridiculous .
Posted by : Zebulon Pike | 2010-01-18 7:51:18 PM
" I will always have people like you who support legilization that makes it just that more worth it to break the law in the name of the almighty dollar . "
Posted by : Never Legalize
As if it was n't worth keeping marijuana illegal to watch people like you squirm .
Posted by : Timothy Zak | 2010-01-18 8:19:59 PM
Timothy it appears as though you and the other tight sphincters here are the only ones squirming .
We are free , relaxed and confident that evolution will take care of your kind as it always has .
Remember that the catholic church once prohibited garlic .
You controlling fools , angry as the sand slips through your fingers .
Posted by : Phil McKrakin | 2010-01-18 8:46:10 PM
" ... You controlling fools , angry as the sand slips through your fingers .... "
- did n't I read that in a Batman comic ..?
oh well , we know how it ends up for the colourful linguistic villains who call everybody " fools " ..
they fall backwards onto some vat of acid yelling " Curses Foiled again ! "
------------- advertisement -------------
this is a great time to bet $ 25 $ 35 even $ 50 to back up your wipehead views that Emery will miraculously escape his fate in a US prison or double jeopardy odds that the weed of Doom will be legalized in this lifetime ..
" ... talk is cheap but money gets the lawn cut ... "
Posted by : 419 | 2010-01-18 8:56:06 PM
If national public opinion means anything to commentators here ... it is worth noting that in 2008 an extensive Angus Read poll revealed that 53 % of Canadian favored the legalization of marijuana .
Canadian Majority Would Legalize Marijuana
May 13 , 2008 - Angus Reid Global Monitor Full Report
" 53 % of Canadians support the legalization of marijuana "
The concept has the smallest percentage of support amongst seniors ... who apparently are quite content with alcohol and voting for the Conservatives .
Seems to be part of a mindset .
Posted by : palinurus | 2010-01-18 9:05:10 PM
Since Canada is the USAs wiping boy , under Harpo especially , we must acknowledge that the laws have to change there first , before it can be done here .
Your deluded if you think that is not the case .
So the tactic " overgrow the USA government " is sound , if we want to effect change here .
Did you know most seeds come from Spain and Italy ?
What do you think would happen if the USA demanded citizens from those countries be extradited for this so called crime ?
The US would most likely be told to mind there own damn business .
Much like Canada should have done .
There is no shortage of made in the USA seeds and seed sellers , so why go after someone in another country to make a point ?
Because Marc offended some bible thumpers in the US , that is why .
Ashcroft and Buchanan clearly had it in for him , like they did for Tommy Chong .
Exactly what is " international law " ?
Did we get to vote for it ?
No , we did not .
So , such laws are offensive to democracy , if we lived in one as we like to claim .
The Canadian government should protect all Canadians living in Canada , and abroad if possible , from outside influences .
We should not be in lock step with the USA .
We are a sovereign country capable of looking after our own .
We do not require or want outside influence .
I say we as a country , not me and my buddies by the way .
" International Law " is a joke , played on the world population .
Many countries ignore it if it suits them .
And so should we .
To say so callously that Marc 's co-workers ratted him out is absolute bullshit .
Marc turned himself in to save them from an excessive prison sentence .
Admirable I would say .
The government just wants to silence the righteous thorn in their sides , and how do all governments do this ?
Prison or death .
As to this statement
" What makes stoners imagine Emery would only receive a $ 200 fine for his seed selling crimes in Canada ?
He is a long term , unrepentant multiple offender , this is his third strike , and if its $ 200 fine _per offence , and he shipped millions of seeds not just to the USA but worldwide , , that trespass would scoop his majesty an _easy DECADE in a canadian prison for that level of criminal activity by a repeat offender .. "
I do n't think anyone has gone to jail for this offense in Canada .
And certainly not for years .
And in Canada , we do n't have a stupid 3 strike law .
Nor should we ever .
And its not " per offense " .
There is no way he would ever serve a decade in a Canadian prison for this .
And how is " America " damaged by his activity ?
Please try and be concise .
Uh Zeb ?
Is Rob Nicholson part of the Harpo government ?
Did he not roll over for the DEA of the USA ?
Good boy , here 's your treat .
And persecution is the correct term here .
I wonder who truly appears to be more ridiculous , mister anti-Toronto .
Posted by : Steve Bottrell | 2010-01-18 9:11:10 PM
" The Prince of Pot will serve several years in jail no matter who nails him .
If you are so concerned , mail $ 25 to his lawyer and appeal this ..
but you wo n't- bitching is just so much easier "
But you do n't have to mail money to anyone to support your side , its being stolen from us .
How is that fair ?
Perhaps the government should steal money from us to support Marcs defense ?
At least that would fair .
Posted by : Steve Bottrell | 2010-01-18 9:32:42 PM
All of Steve Bottrell 's statements are pompous ramblings .
Nowhere in the actions of any government in the Emery case is any hint of personal animosity or anxiety .
He 's just another perp who got caught .
Now he 's going through the system that many others have done before him , and many others will after them .
Emery 's supporters , on the other hand , view this event personally , and subsequently respond emotionally .
This was to be expected , and just as quickly dismissed .
Ho-hum .
Sucks to be him , .
Posted by : Zebulon Pike | 2010-01-18 9:58:54 PM
>>> But you do n't have to mail money to anyone to support your side , its being stolen from us .
How is that fair ?
Perhaps the government should steal money from us to support Marcs defense ?
At least that would fair . >>>
the Wipeheads have had 70 years of prohibition to get it together & overturn the law .
They not only failed , but they never even tried : they had smoke ins and walkathons and unfocused rallies instead .
They Wipeheads failed to support each other in times of peril , foolishly applauded the contraband merchants and watched them get picked off , one at a time and totally neglected to support any legitimate candidates to carry their message to their capital cities .
Pathetic .
Stoners are easily distracted , selfish cry babies and you know it
fair ?
We are running a fair show , its called democracy - and so far , demicracy has no time for wipeheads .
behold , four consecutive generations who do not welcome Wipeheadism , who have elected representatives , from a wide range of political parties to maintain social policies discouraging wipeheadism in general ..
If stoners want to blame all their woes on prohibition itself , fine .
Nobody really cares what a few over heated irrational stoners demand when they have shown themselves to be an ad hoc herd of chemically compromised short sighted , selfish nitwits ?
They think they are all something special , but to everybody else , they come off as if there is something very wrong with them .
Pan Stonerism , as you can plainly see , is not welcome by your fellow citizens , here in Canada nor in any other nation on earth .
If Stoners want to prevail , they will have to evolve past where they are now , in a huge way and really really fast .
Chances of that happening any time soon ?
So we spent our money to fight the dominance of wipeheads , and it seems to be prevailing .
Do n't like it ?
Maybe do something about it rather than bitch .
Or you can wait for Marc Emery to get out of jail in 2015 .. but he will just tell you the same thing - do something about it rather than bitch .
He 's not going to jail for _your sins , he 's going to jail for his own sins
Posted by : 419 | 2010-01-18 10:03:09 PM
Hey Zeb phhhhhhht !!
Sucks to be you , I 'm sure .
You sound like such a happy guy .
Surrounded by friends and family who adore you .
Hmmm somehow I do n't see that .
Ditto for you 419 .
419 , you make it sound like pot smokers are a group that goes to meetings every week .
Oh wait , that 's religion .
Its not so easy to upset the apple cart , when so many fools are on it .
Well , you can do what ever you like , and pontificate all you want , not going to amount to anything , much like my ramblings .
I just do it for fun .
Something to do .
Whats your excuse ?
I love how you think you speak for everybody .
" Our money " ??
You sent in money to fight the wipeheads did you ?
Yup , good thing too .
Would n't want that wipehead philosophy of peace and brotherhood to get around .
Might cause a war to stop .
I do what I can afford to do , which is n't much other than talk to people at the moment .
And so far , I would say that over 80 % of the people I talk to agree with me .
Starting a new business is expensive and time consuming .
But once things are rolling again , I will do my part .
How about you ?
Will you stand up for your side , other than uttering drivel on the WS ?
No , you do n't have to , the government does it for you , and your not threatened with jail or fines .
So spare me your get out and fight BS .
Your too much of a coward to even post your name .
I can't afford to go to jail or pay fines right now .
But I can cast a vote , and it wo n't be for your bully boy .
Oh , and you are truly deluded if you think this country is in any way a democracy .
There is not , and has never been a democracy on this planet .
Not that democracy is a good way to run a country , cause it is n't .
Posted by : Steve Bottrell | 2010-01-18 11:36:46 PM
" ... " Our money " ??
You sent in money to fight the wipeheads did you ?... "
** yes its called Income tax , and GST , , pays for the society you enjoy but are crapping on right now
" .. Yup , good thing too .
Would n't want that wipehead philosophy of peace and brotherhood to get around .
Might cause a war to stop ... " "
** that growing stack of bodies in Mexico ... all wipehead action all the time .
" ... I would say that over 80 % of the people I talk to agree with me . .. "
** that 's what ghettos do , narrow your aspirations to a single beam of possibilities
" ... No , you do n't have to , the government does it for you , and your not threatened with jail or fines ... " "
*** that 's the downside of heroic felony hobbies , jail and fines .
Did you ever notice that not everybody is a wipehead and the straights do n't fear the police or go to jail or pay fines ?
or have overdoses .
get ripped off or get shot ?
Now Steve maybe this wave of crabby will pass , if yoiu pout what 's left of your mind to it
You embrace pretty much everything the world dislikes about wipeheads & their apologists : crabby snitty and chock full of woe is me persecution fantasies ..
for heavens sake - Cheer up .
* & really , where do you come up with projections that people who don;t thumbs up your slum hero dope value system have no friends ?
Mine are looking at me type right now , laughing at you moaning like a goat .
Posted by : 419 | 2010-01-19 12:14:40 AM
Even Nelson Mandela and Gandhi had a secret agenda and the worlds a better place .
Posted by : knowa | 2010-01-19 12:17:48 AM
I do n't read comics and I do n't hide behind a moniker .
Posted by : Paul Hanson | 2010-01-19 12:26:00 AM
You do n't come across as a friendly person , that 's all I 'm saying .
I have no idea really .
About anybody here .
So I have to base it on how , and what you write .
It really is just a dig , like your wipehead term .
I do n't like that term , it feels like your calling me " nigger " .
I picture you and Zeb as crotchety , bitter old farts who just can't wrap their minds around change .
And guys like that do n't have a lot of friends .
But I 'm sure I 'm wrong .
You probably think I 'm a long haired hippy treehugger and living in a ghetto apparently .
But thats cool man , nothing of what either of us says here is going to change anything .
So if I feel like ranting , what the hell , tell me where I am wrong , and we can argue about that .
Mexico body count .
Money not pot .
If smoking pot was n't illegal , I would n't have any reason to fear the police .
I , and most other pot smokers are not a threat to anyone .
We are mostly law abiding in all other respects , and statistically more successful than you so called " straights " .
By straights I guess you mean people that do n't smoke pot .
And of course we know that people who do n't smoke pot are all perfect shining examples of humanity .
Ahhh the hypocrisy .
Posted by : Steve Bottrell | 2010-01-19 3:00:41 AM
Let ’s face it this all about Marc Emery having had the audacity of his giving money to anti prohibition groups .
There are thousands of seed venders out there including the old hemp bird seeds we use out there .
Its freedom of speech as a New Hampshire thinker its time to live Free or Die .
Posted by : knowa | 2010-01-19 3:15:44 AM
Steve ,
Have you ever noticed ZP never addresses anything in your posts ?
When you directly refute what he 's saying , he completely switches gears .
He 's either messing with you , or very , very dense .
I 'd suggest you save your typing for someone that is worth the effort ;)
Posted by : Charles | 2010-01-19 5:39:13 AM
Let 's be honest .
Here 's my opinion : Emery Failed because of his fat Ego .
1. The BC Marijuana Party ( BCMP ) exists on paper only .
Even Emerys wife is going to run for the BC Green Party ( again ) , and not the failed BCMP .
2. Canada 's weed laws are becoming more oppressive , NOT more lenient .
Emery 's " tour " smoking weed with teens pissed people off and backfired .
3 . He is stupid to surrender .
If he surrenders to the USSA he ain't coming back , ever .
When he completes his federal sentence he will find out that Texas , Oklahoma , Georgia , and other redneck states have their own state extradition warrants for him .
He will do time in one state after another until he is old and senile .
That 's how " Amerikan Justice " works .
Do n't go dude - but please tone down the fat ego , and quit pretending to be the world 's only activist .
You look stupid and narsiccistic when you try taking credit for the progress made by activists in California , Oregon , etc .
Theres lots of other seed companies in Canada .
Emery -
You ai n't no one man Army .
Posted by : Zeke Budsmoker | 2010-01-19 7:21:35 AM
" While I personally regard smoking marijuana as distasteful "
Posted by : Publius | 2010-01-18 5:35:30 PM
Which defintion of distasteful , because it matters a great deal ?
I do n't think the rest of your piece makes it clear because if its " b " or " 2 " then the rest of what you wrote is a ruse to lure the cannibis symps into your camp .
Distasteful :
1 .
a. Unpleasant ; disagreeable : found cocktail parties distasteful .
b. Objectionable ; offensive : used distasteful language .
2. Expressing aversion or dislike : shot me a distasteful glance .
Posted by : Vegan Phil | 2010-01-19 8:05:24 AM
Your right Charles , but it gives me something to do other than stare at the TV .
So I do n't mind .
Its kind of therapeutic .
It engages my mind to think about things that I have n't thought about before .
I would rather it be constructive , but what the hell , can't change the world on the WS blog :)
At least I do n't think so .
Vegan , I think Publius was just saying its not his thing , not to put words in his mouth .
At least he understands its about freedom of self , and does n't buy the evil marijuana propaganda .
If I 'm wrong , I 'm sure he will tell us .
Posted by : Steve Bottrell | 2010-01-19 11:33:07 AM
Mean and unreasonable comments on this blog underscore the fact that Emery is succeeding in his goal to gain publicity for his cause .
Truth ultimately prevails , since Health Canada just approved a BC man 's 200 plus pot plant grow , and a few years ago , the US Department of Health and Human Services applied for and received a patent on the medical applications of cannabis ' active ingredient .
Even as New Jersey joined 14 other US States to legalize medical mj , hundreds upon hundreds of thousands of US arrests depend on the demonstrably false claims denying marijuana 's medical use in the United States .
In the meantime , those dismissive of Emery 's sincerity or techniques miss the bigger picture : Like him or no , sympathetic or not , every newspaper article , letter to the editor or blog post draws attention to Marc 's mission .
Extradite Emery and YOU hand him his pedestal , soapbox , bullhorn , and attention to his plight .
YOU generate calls for his release and perhaps even restitution for him and the hundreds upon hundreds of thousands arrested every year on both sides of the border .
The Marc Emery haters out there will not bother researching cannabinoid applications involving neurogenesis , apoptosis , or anything else on the Storm Crow list .
They will carefully ignore the facts exposed in the Canadian Senate reviews of pot 's safety and efficacy earlier this decade .
For them and all prohibitionists , the truth about weed and Mr. Emery himself is a giant " tar baby " .
Thank God for the sticky icky .
Posted by : Historicus | 2010-01-19 11:35:38 AM
hey Steve .. thanks for your projection thzat Honourable Zebulon and me can't wrap our heads around change , ,
Maybe consider the 70s , 80s & 90s are over , and that brief fling society had experimenting with drug intoxication and exploring where getting drugged up really takes people ..
Well them days chemical induced fuzzy logic are actually ... >> over .. and society has moved on and left you & your fellow wipehead lumber behind .
Far behind , , far far far behind ..
Maybe wrap your head around that , that the tide is out and left the wipeheads and their drugged up value system somewhat high and dry ..
get it ?
official joke back there ..
" HIGH " and dry
being stoned is not welcome , anywhere on this planet in the 21st century .. the last self medicators are so desperate to wipe their heads that the evil criminal gangs deliver their dope ar huge profits , shooiting anybody who gets in their way .
Its the demand for dope from the wipehead community that brought this drug war on , prohibition is not responsible - and you know it
read the weather - the sun is not shining on Wipeheadism .. as you can clearly see , abnd as you point out - nor is it likely to , in your lifetime .
The winds of change have already blown through and , I guess you missed it .
Posted by : 419 | 2010-01-19 11:38:21 AM
Hey , if you say so 419 .
Does n't look that way down here in the cheap seats tho .
Looks like the sun be coming up in wipehead land in my opinion .
But you cling to your notions .
I 'm sure it helps you sleep .
lol
And you are always welcome to be stoned around me , just leave your booze at home .
Ca n't stand drunks .
Posted by : Steve Bottrell | 2010-01-19 11:46:08 AM
ABC News reports this morning ( Jan 19 ) that in a new poll , 81 % of American approve of the legal use of medical marijuana .
In addition , the poll reports movement on the legalization of marijuana generally .
As follows :
Apart from medical marijuana , there have been recent efforts to decriminalize marijuana more broadly in some states .
A preliminary vote on one such measure is to be held in the Washington state Legislature this week .
In California organizers say they 've collected enough signatures to hold a statewide referendum on the issue next fall .
And a separate proposal in California to legalize and tax the drug cleared a legislative committee last week .
A Field poll there in April found 56 percent support for the idea , which its backers say would raise $ 1.3 billion a year .
Nationally , this survey finds 46 percent support for legalizing small amounts of marijuana for personal use – the same as it was last spring , and well above its level in past years , for example 39 percent in 2002 and 22 percent in 1997 .
GROUPS – Age is a factor .
Just 23 percent of senior citizens favor legalizing marijuana for personal use ; that jumps to 51 percent of adults under age 65 .
There are political and ideological differences as well :
Thirty percent of conservatives and 32 percent of Republicans favor legalization , compared with 49 percent of independents , 53 percent of Democrats and more than half of moderates and liberals alike ( 53 and 63 percent , respectively ) .
----------------------------------------
In Canada , an Angus Reid Poll from 2008 found that 53 % of Canadians favoured legalization of small amounts of marijuana for personal use .
While some people in this forum seem to think that bashing Marc Emery is an intelligent way of discussing marijuana generally , the fact is ... even in the land of the " war on drugs " to the South , there is significant movement towards a less punitive position on marijuana .
Posted by : palinurus | 2010-01-19 11:53:54 AM
and 98 % of wipheads think marijuana is great and cures cancer ... so what ?
Re : theories that it is less punitive in the US these days concerning pot ?
-ask Marc Emery about that one .. but hurry je is off to the USA any day now to give a five year hands on workshop about overgrowing the government to a captive audience ...
Posted by : 419 | 2010-01-19 12:09:42 PM
The only relevant question here is whether or not human beings have the right to control their own bodies .
I 'm with Publius .
I do n't like pot ( the smell , how it made me feel the few times I smoked in university , etc. ) , but I ( or anyone else for that matter ) do not have the right to dictate what others can do with their own bodies .
Period .
Posted by : Charles | 2010-01-19 12:37:45 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Cueing a particular key to trigger an event in the console is easier than it sounds .
Or at least , it ’s easy after the Arch Linux wiki explains it to you , and you take the four or five minutes required to learn how it ’s done .
In my case I wanted to be able to trigger a particular program from within screen , along with a window title , but I do n’t want to mess with screen ’s keybindings .
Ordinarily , that looks like this :
screen -t charm charm
From a bash prompt or from within screen itself , after pressing CTRL +a and a colon ( : ) , that will trigger a new “ window , ” with charm inside it , already given the title .
Rather than type that in , I ’d like to hit the F4 key , so that particular string is fed to the machine .
The first trick is to create a custom keymap , and those are part of the kbd package .
Some distros ( like Slitaz base flavor , for example ) require you to install that , but ordinarily that ’s a core package and part of any Linux system .
Keymaps are usually deep in the /usr directory , at
cd /usr / share/kbd/keymaps/i386/qwerty/
Remember that if you ’re using a different architecture or a different keyboard , that location will vary just a little .
I strongly suggest copying out the keymap you use and editing your copy ; tampering with the defaults could have disastrous effects .
I use the 106 - key Japanese keyboard , so mine is the jp106.map.gz keymap file .
cp jp106.map.gz ~
Now un -gunzip it , so we can easily edit the contents , and rename it so it does n’t get confused with other stuff .
cd ~
gunzip jp106.map.gz
mv jp106.map mykeys.map
Now take a short break , and change directions .
What happens when you press a key at the console ?
A small message is reported to the system , and it responds as is appropriate .
To find out what ’s being sent to the system , we need the showkey utility .
showkey
Pressing a key now will spit out a code to the screen , and that ’s the number we want for later .
In this example , the F4 key results in
keycode 62
Wait 10 seconds , and showkey will end .
Now let ’s edit that map file .
vim mykeys.map
Add a line to intercept that key , and assign it to a consequence .
Here , I use the F70 consequence , for no real reason other than the Arch wiki used it , and it ’s not otherwise engaged .
( Unless you know what you ’re doing , you probably do n’t want to pick a “ claimed ” F - number . )
keycode 62 F70
So now the system knows when I press F4 , it should jump to the F70 instruction , and do it .
So what is it ?
Add this on the next line .
string F70 " screen -t charm charm
"
That ’s the command from earlier — followed by a backslash , and an “ n ” , which is a code for a carriage return .
In other words , you ’re telling the system , “ When I press F4 , send all these characters to the console in this order , followed by an Enter key . ”
Save the file , and you ’re done .
… Almost .
The next step is to load that keymap , because as it is now , all you ’ve done is tinker with a pretty text file .
On my system , only root can change the keymap , so after changing to the superuser ( or by prefixing this with sudo ) , type :
loadkeys mykeys.map
Exit superuser , press F4 , and see what happens .
😀
Edit your startup configuration ( / etc/rc.conf or even put that same command in /etc/rc.local ) , and your keyset will change on boot .
If it ’s all wrong and you hate it , switch back to the old keymap you started with , down in the /usr directory .
Again , check the Arch Linux wiki — by far the best wiki there is for Linux , of any flavor — if you want more details or a better explanation .
Be aware that keys are handled slightly differently under X ; I do n’t use X and so I do n’t have many tips for you there .
North Korea has eased travel restrictions on U.S. tourists , hoping to boost its coffers and also improve the cash - strapped country ’s image .
U.S. citizens had previously only been allowed access during the spectacular mass games , held last year in August through October .
Now , travelers from the United States will be allowed to visit North Korea on official guided tours any time of the year .
Pyongyang ’s overture to the United States coincided with a request to discuss resuming tours with South Korea .
Last year , Koryo Tours took 282 U.S. tourists to North Korea compared to about 700 to 800 non-U.S. Westerners .
Less than 2,500 U.S. citizens have visited North Korea since 1953 .
According to Bonner , the real game - changer is that “ Americans will be allowed to join with other Western tourists in exploring the rest of the country and not just areas just across the border . ”
Read more : Visit anytime !
North Korea lifts restrictions on U.S. tourists
Enlarge By Stephen Hilger , Bloomberg News Dell spent $ 1.2 million to protect CEO Michael Dell in 2008 .
SECURITY SPENDING SECURITY SPENDING
The 12 Fortune 100 companies that spent the most in 2008 on the CEO 's home and personal security .
Company CEO Personal security 1 . Dell Michael Dell $ 1.2 million 2 . Disney Robert Iger $ 645,368 3 . FedEx Fred Smith $ 595,875 4 . Occidental Petroleum Ray Irani $ 575,407 5 . McKesson John Hammergren $ 401,706 6 . General Motors Rick Wagoner $ 270,450 7 . Hewlett - Packard Mark Hurd $ 255,872 8 . American Express Kenneth Chenault $ 246,627 9 . Lockheed Martin Robert Stevens $ 234,262 10 . ExxonMobil Rex Tillerson $ 222,985 11 . Abbott Laboratories Miles White $ 180,467 12 .
Ford Motor Alan Mulally $ 112,114 Source : Equilar Companies have been slashing almost every cost imaginable to survive the recession , yet they are spending more than ever to calm CEOs who fear for their personal safety .
Starbucks , which has laid off workers , closed stores and switched from whole to 2 % milk to save pennies a gallon , bumped its spending to $ 511,079 last year on the personal and home security of CEO Howard Schultz .
FedEx , which quit matching employee 401 ( k ) contributions , spent $ 595,875 on the security of CEO Fred Smith .
Walt Disney spent $ 645,368 for CEO Robert Iger ; Occidental Petroleum spent $ 575,407 for Ray Irani ; and McKesson spent $ 401,706 for John Hammergren .
Be it paranoia or prudence , corporate spending on CEO safekeeping is escalating in the face of painful cutbacks , and not by a little .
The median spending on personal and home security for CEOs at the 100 largest publicly traded companies was $ 65,348 in 2008 , up 123 % from $ 29,291 in 2007 , according to executive compensation research firm Equilar .
Ten companies alone spent a total of $ 4.6 million on CEO security in 2008 , 40 % more than the 10 biggest spenders of 2007 .
Are such fears legitimate — the money wisely spent with every dollar so scrutinized ?
Companies say yes in their annual proxy filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission , stating that few expenditures are more aligned with the interest of shareholders than safeguarding their corporate leadership .
Starbucks says in its proxy that among all perquisites paid to executives , security is " particularly " provided for the company 's benefit .
In times of unpopularity , CEOs can be targets .
Last month , the Austrian vacation home of Novartis CEO Daniel Vasella was burned , and police suspect animal - rights extremists .
That followed July vandalism when his mother 's urn was stolen from a cemetery , where the grave of his sister , who died at age 19 , also was desecrated and someone added crosses with the names of Vasella and his wife .
" Given several notable incidents of violence towards executives , it does n't come as a surprise that companies are taking increased measures , " Equilar CEO David Chun says .
The movie industry has largely escaped the recession , and John Marshall , CEO of Commonwealth Studios , says any threat now is probably no worse than before .
" Still , when I get in the car I hit the button that locks all the doors , all the little things available to me , " says Marshall , whose home is gated , with an electronic system to warn of intruders .
If the alarm sounds , he and his wife have a planned escape route .
At work , Marshall contracts for around - the - clock guards and also pays what he describes as " six figures " for a security consultant .
Tough times , tough security Dell was the security champ among the Fortune 100 , spending $ 1,164,625 protecting CEO Michael Dell in 2008 .
" The board believes that Mr. Dell 's personal safety and security are of vital importance , " says the company proxy .
Dell spokesman Jess Blackburn added that it would be more appropriate to look at salaries , bonuses and other perks , and not focus on security alone .
But CEO security is up like no other perk , and it may be no coincidence that increased spending comes at a time when the image of CEOs is so battered that the public gives them approval ratings worse than members of Congress , according to Rasmussen Reports .
CEOs have responded to public outrage by more often paying out of their own pockets for country club memberships and personal use of the corporate jet .
But rarely do they pay for their own home alarm systems or other personal - security measures .
Also , dollars reported as a perk in the company proxy are often a fraction of what companies really spend keeping CEOs safe .
Large companies such as ExxonMobil have in - house security experts on the payroll .
" The company already incurs these costs as a business expense , " the oil company says in its proxy .
Even so , ExxonMobil reported $ 222,985 on the personal security of CEO Rex Tillerson last year , including $ 57,513 for a trained driver and $ 122,182 for residential safeguarding .
Companies have long defended the cost of corporate jets because they fold in a layer of security .
Security is also the justification for allowing CEOs and their families to make personal trips aboard company aircraft .
That is disclosed as a separate perk and not included in the total for security .
Bad economy , good business Specific CEO security costs that are reported as a perk are escalating , and Chun says that 's due to a perfect storm of layoffs , hostility toward executive pay and outrage over exit packages for CEOs once in charge of companies that had to be bailed out by taxpayers .
Rick Wagoner , who resigned as CEO of General Motors in March , received $ 270,450 in company - paid security in 2008 .
" When people become desperate , the threat level is raised , " says Joe Russo , former Secret Service agent in charge of protecting President Clinton and now in charge of executive protection for T&M Protection Resources .
Neither threats to CEOs , nor spending to protect them , is new .
Threats often rise in bad economic times or during difficult labor negotiations .
In 2001 , after wireless equipment maker Ericsson cut 17,000 jobs , CEO Kurt Hellstroem received a mailed death threat along with a bullet cartridge , the Associated Press reported .
Companies were not required to disclose amounts less than $ 50,000 until 2006 , and companies reporting that they paid for the personal and home security of CEOs rose from 23 % in 2005 to 54 % in 2006 , according to Equilar .
FedEx has reported that spending on Smith will fall 23 % to $ 461,405 in 2009 , but most companies wo n't disclose what they are spending on CEO security in 2009 until the spring proxy season of 2010 .
Indications are that spending on CEO security has yet to level off .
The $ 10 billion security industry is not immune to recession and expects no growth in 2009 , says Mark Visbal , research director for the Security Industry Association .
But companies that specialize in protecting the wealthy are having banner years , including 360 Group International .
The company 's CEO business is up 50 % over the last 12 months , says CEO Bill Kirkpatrick , who figures people get mad and make threats when they lose their jobs and see the CEO " hop a Gulfstream . "
An accurate trend in CEO threats can't be ascertained because they are rarely disclosed by companies , sometimes not even to police .
Tim McKinney , custom home director for industry giant ADT Security Services , which provides electronic security to nearly 5 million commercial , government and residential customers and more than half of the nation 's Fortune 500 companies , says there is chatter in the marketplace about a jump in threats to CEOs , " but we do n't have firm figures to substantiate it . "
CEOs in the USA have rarely been attacked or kidnapped in recent decades as they have been in places such as Colombia .
In those higher - risk areas , security is provided for even those who report to the CEO .
Coca -Cola has the home of Latin America President José Reyes in Mexico City guarded around the clock .
The price we pay for security Licensed security guards can be had for $ 20 an hour , and a typical home electronic security system sold by ADT costs $ 7,000 to $ 15,000 .
But McKinney says ADT installed a $ 300,000 system for the CEO of an unidentified NFL football team a few years ago , and Provident Security of Vancouver , Canada , recently completed two residential camera systems in the $ 250,000 range , says company President Michael Jagger .
Kirkpatrick says it 's not difficult to envision a $ 1 million personal - security price tag for a CEO who has a yacht and more than one home that need to be watched around the clock , and who wants a trained bodyguard , known in the industry as a " close protection specialist . "
Most CEOs can walk down any street without being recognized , but some like their close protection specialists nearby and obvious , like the ones who guard movie stars .
For about $ 700,000 , ADT says , it will install a perimeter command center inside a custom home .
From there it can monitor long - range infrared cameras , fence detectors , motion sensors and provide visitor access .
It would also detect fire , carbon monoxide and flood .
" Security is one of those things where you can always spend more , " says Jagger , who says a big - ticket item is the motion camera system that can detect someone lingering outside a fence for more than a few seconds .
That does n't mean companies are n't price sensitive in these tough times , Kirkpatrick says .
They demand the best security , but balk at inflated prices and do a lot of comparison shopping .
Many CEOs wind up with the security afforded a king but at a fire sale price , Kirkpatrick says .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Despite a howl of complaints and even lawsuits filed by some disgruntled iPhone users , Apple reiterated that it supports AT&T as a great mobile partner , despite rumored moves to expand its iPhone partnerships in the U.S .
During Monday 's quarterly earnings conference call , Apple Chief Operating Officer Tim Cook also downplayed assumptions that Apple would inevitably embrace a multi-carrier business strategy in all countries where the iPhone is available .
He said so far Apple has selected countries where the company believes a multi-carrier system would inevitably happen anyhow .
" I do n't want to imply that would happen in every market or that we are headed that way in every market , " Cook said .
Earlier in the call , analyst Gene Munster with Piper Jaffray inquired about the bad press AT&T has received as of late .
" Can you remind us the benefits of sticking with a single carrier in the U.S. ? " he asked .
In response , Cook avoided any criticism of its U.S. partner .
" First of all , AT&T is a great partner , " Cook said .
" We 've been working with them since well before we announced the first iPhone .
It 's important to note they have more mobile broadband usage than any carrier in the world . "
" We think iPhone customers are having a great experience from the research we 've done , " Cook added .
" AT&T has acknowledged they 're having a few issues in a few cities and they 're making plans to address these .
Â
We 've reviewed these plans and we 're confident they 'll make significant progress towards fixing them . "
AT&T 's exclusive mobile partnership with Apple is expected to end this year , with many observers expecting the company to begin working with Verizon Wireless and / or perhaps T - Mobile , either of which would require new iPhone hardware designed for those company 's mobile networks .
Harbin Ice and Snow World , one of the major venues for the 26th International Ice and Snow Festival , officially opens on January 5 , 2010 .
The park features many large ice and snow sculptures based on landmarks from countries around the world .
The annual Harbin International Ice and Snow Sculpture Festival has been held since 1963 .
It had been interrupted for a number of years during the Cultural Revolution until it was resumed in 1985 .
Officially , the festival starts from January 5th and it lasts one month .
However often the exhibitions open earlier and last longer , weather permitting .
Ice sculpture decoration ranges from the modern technology of lasers to traditional ice lanterns .
There are ice lantern park touring activities held in many parks in the city .
Winter activities in the festival include Yabuli alpine skiing , winter - swimming in Songhua River , and the ice - lantern exhibition in Zhaolin Garden .
The Harbin Ice and Snow festival is one of the world ’s four largest ice and snow festivals , along with Japan ’s Sapporo Snow Festival , Canada ’s Quebec City Winter Carnival , and Norway ’s Ski Festival .
Mehmet Ali Agca has left prison after nearly 30 years behind bars .
The man who tried to kill Pope John Paul II in 1981 has been released from prison in Turkey .
Mehmet Ali Agca served 19 years in an Italian prison for shooting John Paul , and another 10 years in Turkey for the earlier murder of a newspaper editor .
Agca 's motives for attempting to kill the Pope remain a mystery , although when he was arrested he said he was acting alone .
In 1983 John Paul announced he had forgiven Agca after meeting him .
There have been long - standing questions about the mental health of Agca , based on his frequent outbursts and statements that he was a new messiah .
In a statement issued on his release , he said : " I proclaim the end of the world .
All the world will be destroyed in this century .
Every human being will die in this century ... I am the Christ eternal . "
Turkish media say Agca is now to be taken to a military facility and then to a hospital to be assessed for compulsory military service .
Contradictory statements Agca , 52 , had been a member of a Turkish ultra-nationalist group who fled Turkey after killing a newspaper editor .
He opened fire on Pope John Paul as he was being driven through St Peter 's Square in Rome in an open vehicle on 13 May , 1981 .
The Pope was seriously injured in the attack and Agca spent the next 19 years in prison in Italy .
MEHMET ALI AGCA Escaped from Turkish prison while awaiting trial for murder of newspaper editor in 1979
In July 1981 , sentenced to life imprisonment in Italy for attempting to kill Pope John Paul Pardoned at Pope 's request in June 2000 , extradited to Turkey Convicted for murder , robberies and prison escape , served time in Turkish jail Released on parole in January 2006 Ruled " unfit for military service " because of " advanced anti-social personality disorder "
Returned to jail after eight days after court ruled jail term miscalculated
Profile : Mehmet Ali Agca Bizarre story of Pope 's failed assassin
He maintained at first that he was acting alone , but over the years frequently changed his story and gave often contradictory statements .
He had once claimed , for example , that he was under the orders of the Bulgarian secret service .
A trial lasting 22 months was held in Rome during the 1980s about the alleged Bulgarian connection .
The accused were all acquitted for lack of proof .
One of ' great mysteries '
The BBC's Jonathan Head in Istanbul says that Agca will now have the chance to clear up one of the great mysteries of the last century - what was it that drove him to attempt the assassination of the most influential pope of modern times ?
Agca 's lawyers say he has been offered multi-million - dollar deals to tell his story .
Our correspondent says that after all the bizarre statements he has issued from jail , that story - if he tells it - is unlikely to be convincing .
He adds that few people believe he could have acted alone , but that whatever he says now , the real story behind the shooting of the Pope will in all likelihood never be known .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
An Introduction to Error Analysis
The Study of Uncertainties in Physical Measurements
Second Edition
John R. Taylor
University of Colorado
An International Bestseller
" This text provides a rational , step - by - step introduction to understanding and estimating random uncertainties in physical measurements .
Although the text is intended primarily for undergraduate students , I find it useful as well at the research level , to introduce graduate students to unfamiliar topics in the study of experimental uncertainties ... a high - quality resource [ students ] can continue to learn from , even after they graduate . "
-- Physics Today
" Score a hit !
The book reveals the exceptional skill of the author as lecturer and teacher .
A valuable reference work for any student ( or instructor ) in the sciences and engineering . "
-- The Physics Teacher
This best - selling text by John Taylor , now released in its second edition , introduces the study of uncertainties to lower division science students .
Assuming no prior knowledge , the author introduces error analysis through the use of familiar examples ranging from carpentry to well - known historic experiments .
Pertinent worked examples , simple exercises throughout the text , and numerous chapter - ending problems combine to make the book ideal for use in physics , chemistry and engineering lab courses .
This book has been translated into nine languages , has more adoptions than we can count , and its famous cover is now also available as a poster .
About the Author :
Professor John Taylor , sho wn here as " Mr. Wizard " on his bed nails , is Professor of Physics and Presidential Teaching Scholar at the University of Colorado in Boulder .
He has won numerous teaching awards , served as Associate Editor of the American Journal of Physics , and received an Emmy Award for his television series called " Physics 4 Fun . "
Taylor is the author of two more best - selling textbooks ; Classical Mechanics and Modern Physics for Scientists and Engineers .
Translated into Spanish , French , Italian , Japanese , Polish , Chinese , Portuguese , Thai and Korean .
Copyright 1997 , 327 pages
Print Paperback : ISBN 978-0-935702-75-0
List Price US $ 62.50
Publisher 's Discount Price US$ 52.70
Order Print Book
SAN FRANCISCO — Lawyers for two same - sex couples challenging California ’s ban on same - sex marriage plan to wrap up their case Friday following the incendiary testimony of a proponent who said he thinks gays are more likely to be pedophiles and that allowing them to wed would lead to the legalization of polygamy and incest .
Hak - Shing William Tam of San Francisco spent five hours testifying Thursday as a hostile plaintiffs ’ witness to prove that bias toward gays fueled the 2008 campaign to pass the voter - approved measure , known as Proposition 8 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Tam , who was one of five individuals who signed on as official proponents of the ban and whose names appeared alongside ballot arguments for Proposition 8 , acknowledged that he subscribes to beliefs about an alleged link between homosexuality and pedophilia posted on the Internet by a Chinese - American Christian group for which he serves as secretary .
“ Do you believe that homosexuals are 12 times more likely to molest children ? ” attorney David Boies asked .
“ Yeah , based on the different literature that I have read , ” Tam replied .
Earlier in the trial , a Cambridge University professor testified that there is no evidence to suggest that gays are more likely to molest children than heterosexuals .
Boies pressed
Tam to cite books , articles or authors he had read to substantiate the views , but Tam said he could not remember specifics .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A PE teacher from West Yorkshire has used a gymnast - style flip to beat the world record for the longest - ever football throw in .
Danny Brooks , 28 , launched a ball 49.78 m ( 163 ft ) - half the length of a football field .
In the harsh judgment of natural selection , the ultimate measure of success is reproduction .
So it 's no surprise that life spends lavish resources on this feat , whether in the courtship behavior of birds and bees or replicating the cells that keep them alive .
Now research has identified a new piece in an elaborate system to help guarantee fidelity in the reproduction of cells , preventing potentially lethal mutations in the process .
In experiments to be published in the December 18 issue of the Journal of Biological Chemistry , researchers at The Rockefeller University identified the molecule SMARCAL1 as part of cells ' damage control response to malfunctioning DNA replication .
In typical cell division , many different molecules have roles in guaranteeing the daughter strands of DNA are as identical as possible to their parent .
Some molecules check for errors or ' proofread ' the offspring for typos , for instance ; others , when alerted to a problem , arrest the replication process and conduct repairs .
Lisa Postow , a postdoctoral fellow in Hironori Funabiki's Laboratory of Chromosome and Cell Biology , used mass spectroscopy to identify SMARCAL1 as involved in this intricate quality control process .
Working with Brian T. Chait 's Laboratory of Mass Spectrometry and Gaseous Ion Chemistry , Postow found the protein in a proteomics screen for molecules that were drawn to a dangerous DNA repair problem called a double - strand break .
In both human cells and in cells from African clawed frog egg extract , Postow found that at double - strand breaks , SMARCAL1 gathered with another molecule called RPA , which is known to coat broken strands of DNA and protect them while damage is repaired .
SMARCAL1 had an added interest , too : A mutation in the gene that produces it is involved in a rare but lethal disease called Schimke immuno - osseous dysplasia , a disorder that causes wide - ranging problems including kidney malfunction , immunodeficiency and growth inhibition .
To Postow 's surprise , she found that removing SMARCAL1 had little effect on double - strand break repair .
However , it did facilitate a different aspect of the DNA damage response called replication fork stabilization , a process that holds steady the junction between parental and daughter strands -- the replication fork -- when replication is stalled because a problem has been detected .
" For a mutation that causes such wide - ranging and severe physiological effects , it is surprising that the protein has such a relatively small effect at the cellular level , " Postow says .
Postow 's findings were largely corroborated by independent new research into SMARCAL1 , which was published this fall in four back - to - back papers in Genes & Development .
The work reveals another piece of the complex safeguards the body has in place to protect against dangerous mutations .
" This study also proves that the proteomic approach that Lisa has developed with Dr. Chait can efficiently identify proteins involving the DNA - damage recognition and repair process , " says Funabiki .
" Many more excitements are ahead of us . "
When I told people that we were going to run our infrastructure on Amazon ’s EC2 most people recoiled in disgust .
I heard lots and lots of horror stories about how you simply could n’t run production environments on EC2 .
Disk IO was horrible , throughput was bad , etc .
Someone should seriously tell Amazon , since a lot of their own infrastructure runs in EC2 and AWS .
For the most part , Amazon ’s AWS were internal tools that they released publicly .
We ’ve been ironing out kinks in our production environment for the last few weeks and one of the things that worried me was if these assertions were true .
So , I set out to run a fairly comprehensive test of Disk IO and throughput .
I ran hdparm -t , bonnie ++ , and iozone against ephemeral drives in various configurations along with EBS volumes in various configurations .
For all of my tests I tested the regular ephemeral drives as they were installed ( “ Normal ” ) , LVM in a JBOD setup ( “ LVM ” ) , the two ephemeral drives in a software RAID0 setup ( “ RAID0 ” ) , a single 100 GB EBS volume ( “ EBS ” ) , and two 100 GB EBS volumes in a software RAID0 setup ( “ EBS RAID0 ” ) .
All of the tests were ran on large instances ( m1.large ) .
All tests were ran using the XFS file system .
hdparm -t
While hdparm -t is n’t the most comprehensive test in the world , I think it ’s a decent gut check for simple throughput .
To give a little context , I remember Digg ’s production servers , depending on setup , ranging from 180MB / sec. to 340MB/sec .
I ’m guessing if you upgraded to the XL instance type and did a RAID0 across the four drives it has you ’d see even better numbers with the RAID0 ephemeral drives .
What I also found pretty interesting about these numbers is that the EBS volumes stacked up “ okay ” against the ephemeral drives and that the EBS volumes in a RAID0 did n’t gain us a ton of throughput .
Considering that the EBS volumes run over the network , which I assume is gigabit ethernet , 94MB / sec. is pretty much saturating that network connection and , to say the least , impressive given the circumstances .
For most applications , I ’d guess that EBS throughput is just fine .
The raw throughput only becomes a serious requirement when you ’re moving around lots of large files .
Most applications move around lots of small files , which I ’d likely use S3 for anyways .
If your application needs to move around lots of large files I ’d consider using a RAID0 ephemeral drive setup with redundancy ( e.g. MogileFS spreading files across many nodes in various data centers ) .
bonnie ++
Disregarding the Input / Output Block performance of the ephemeral RAID0 setup here , it ’s extremely interesting to note that EBS IO performance is better than the ephemeral drives and that EBS in a RAID0 was better in almost every metric as the ephemeral drives .
That all being said , RAID0 ephemeral drives are the clear winner here .
I do wonder , however , if you could set up a RAID0 EBS array that had , say , four or six or eight volumes that ’d be faster than the RAID0 setup .
If your application is IO bound then I ’d probably recommend using EBS volumes if you can afford it .
Otherwise , I ’d use RAID0 .
Again , the trick with the ephemeral drives is to ensure your data is replicated across multiple nodes .
Of course , this is cloud computing we ’re talking about , so you should be doing that anyways .
Here ’s the CPU numbers of the various configurations .
One thing to note here is that EBS , LVM , and software RAID all come with CPU costs .
Somewhat interesting to note is that the EBS has substantially less CPU usage in all areas except Input / Output Per Char .
If your application is both CPU and IO bound then I ’d probably recommend upgrading your instance to an XL .
The last bonnie ++ results are the random seeks per second and , wow , was I surprised .
A single EBS runs pretty much dead even with the LVM JBOD and the EBS RAID0 is on par with the RAID0 ephemeral drives .
To say I was surprised by these numbers would be an understatement .
The lesson here is that , if your application does lots of random seeking , you ’ll want to use either EBS RAID0 volumes or RAID0 ephemeral drives .
iozone
Before running these tests I ’d never even heard of this application , but it seemed to be used by quite a few folks so I thought I ’d give it a shot .
Again , some interesting numbers from EBS volumes .
What I found pretty interesting here is that the EBS RAID0 setups actually ended up being slower in a few metrics than a single EBS volume .
No idea why that may be .
The other thing to note is that the single EBS volume outperformed the ephemeral RAID0 setup in a few different metrics , most notably being random writes .
Conclusions
I think the overall conclusion here is that disk IO and throughput on EC2 is pretty darn good .
I have a few other conclusions as well .
Nokia 's own headline sums this story up pretty well : " Navigation on your Nokia .
For free .
Forever . "
That 's right .
If anyone thought that Garmin , TomTom and any other standalone GPS makers were already in trouble after Apple allowed turn - by - turn navigation on the iPhone , now the world 's No. 1 phone maker is giving away a full suite for any compatible Nokia handset , anywhere in the world .
And not only is the application itself free : so are those usually lucrative maps and updates .
Free is fantastic and all , but what 's really important here is the fact that the maps are stored on the phone , not trickled to your device from a network .
See , when you download Google maps on an iPhone or Android device , you 're at the mercy of of your cell signal .
No bars , no map .
But Nokia 's model is the same as a dedicated GPS unit :
The maps are pre-loaded onto the phone and reside there permanently .
In a place where the network does n't reach ?
No problem , maps are available .
Do n't want to squander your data plan ?
No problem , maps do n't suck up kilobytes .
If you have Nokia smartphone , you can grab the download today from the Ovi store ( not every handset is supported – the N900 is not on the list , for instance ) .
Along with AGPS support , you get driving and walking directions , Lonely Planet and Michelin guides , weather updates and companion desktop ( browser - based ) software to manage and search routes form the comfort of a big keyboard .
Best of all , the maps are available offline , unlike Google Maps on the iPhone .
Seriously , who would want to be in the satnav - selling game right now ?
If I had TomTom or Garmin shares ( and I do n't ) , I would be selling them right now .
Ovi Maps [ Nokia ]
The struggle for average Americans to keep up is largely becoming an act of will power and force in this current grand recession .
Now you would n’t think that there is a definite war raging against the middle class if you simply follow the mainstream media but the facts speak to a more distilled and corporatized method of debt slavery .
Americans are working more hours trying to stay in the same place that they believe would keep them on pace to having the American Dream .
And this dream is merely the ability to afford a home , provide your children with a good education ( public or private ) , and save enough to have a retirement that does n’t require you to eat cat food after a lifetime of working .
That is at the root of what most average Americans would want after a full working career .
But we are at an inflexion point and the middle class is largely being squeezed out .
A recent study from the Commerce Department shed some light on an issue that we already know .
Over the past 20 years the middle class has been falling behind :
Everything is relative in this world .
Incomes have gone up during this time but the cost of housing , healthcare , and access to education have outpaced income gains in some cases by four to one .
Money is only worth what you can buy with it .
The grand housing bubble of this decade lured many into buying homes that they simply could not afford .
Banks and Wall Street were more than willing to provide access to this dream since they knew if all bets crashed , and they did , that they would call on their connected politicians to bail them out and send the bill to taxpayers for their adventures in finance .
Take a look at the chart above closely .
Housing price changes have wiped out any gains in income .
The relative amount of income needed to buy a home has put many two income households on the brink of bankruptcy .
And the 4 million foreclosure filings in 2009 alone tell us that many Americans are unable to hold onto one cornerstone of the American Dream .
The middle class is absolutely vital to having a sustainable and flourishing economy .
The massive debt machine coming from the big banks has created a new form of debt servitude .
Some would argue that this is a personal responsibility issue and I will be the first to agree with that .
People should live within their means .
But think of the FICO score that has become like a permanent financial report card .
Some employers actually screen for credit scores before hiring applicants .
Want to rent a home because you do n’t want to over extend and buy a home ?
You better hope that FICO is up to par .
And many insurance companies base their analysis on this score .
So even if you never had a credit card or any debt , you would be in a bad spot because so many people rely on this number .
This is only one example of how people are actually forced to use debt simply to pursue the avenues of the middle class .
In fact , we have many more people simply trying to stay afloat let alone pursuing the middle class ideal .
Over 37 million Americans are now part of the food stamp program , not only is this the highest number ever but also the highest percentage of Americans ever to be on food assistance :
I sometimes read gut wrenching stories from the Great Depression where people would wash and reuse paper towels or have soup for weeks on end just to keep their families fed .
37 million Americans would be one step away from that existence if it were n’t for some basic safety nets .
It is troubling to say the least that this patch is what is keeping this great recession from being a profound depression .
Yet I think the 27 million underemployed Americans are already in that state of mind .
The idea of a middle class life is slowly drifting away as each and every day we realize that our nation is becoming more of a corporatacracy .
The housing nightmare really played on both ends of this middle class dream .
Banks were more than willing to lend trillions of dollars to people that really could not afford the homes they were buying .
This created the biggest housing bubble the world has ever witnessed and the bursting ramifications are being felt throughout the economy .
Yet if you look at the equation , who is really being punished ?
Average Americans are being punished as they have their homes foreclosed on .
Yet banks who are in the supposed position of financial experts , have not only garnered trillions in bailouts but are now back to their speculative ways .
This is disturbing because it is highlighting a marked shift and a near game over for the middle class .
Think of the rise of our economy in the 1940s and 1950s .
Many returning GIs had access to affordable education through new programs and grants .
It is the least you can offer to someone defending this country .
Next , it was possible to support a family with one income because we had a strong and sustainable manufacturing base .
Now , we have families with two incomes in the service sector trying to piece things together .
Throw in a child , and that second income evaporates through childcare costs and educational fees .
In other words , just because people have more income their buying power has collapsed .
And this fact is revealed in the data that two - income households are more of an economic necessity :
So of married couples with two children 76 percent have two earners .
The average American is simply working to stay on track or face being thrown off the treadmill .
Jobs are so important to keeping a solid middle class .
This should be obvious but current policy being driven by the corporatacracy is simply focusing on keeping prices inflated for the big ticket items ( i.e. , housing and healthcare ) .
At this point in the game , housing values have gone up to points that are clearly unsupportable :
This being the biggest budget item for most households , you would assume that lower prices would be welcomed from the government seeing that many Americans are underemployed and those with jobs have seen stagnant wages .
The middle class dream is at risk .
This is a question of what we want out of our country .
Are we simply obsessed on keeping home values inflated so banking giants could keep gaming accounting rules and claim billion dollar profits ?
If we want to prosper in the next decade , there will need to be a radical change to preserve what once was envied by the world .
Otherwise , you can expect banks and their political allies to keep selling away the middle class of America .
On the path we are traveling on the middle class is largely at risk for a big game over in the next decade .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
A thousand - year old temple complex , including a tomb for 33 tortured women , may be proof that a god's " descendants " really existed , archaeologists say .
Tehran , Iran ( CNN ) --
Several people were killed and more than 300 were arrested in anti-government protests in Tehran Sunday , Iran 's Deputy Police Chief Ahmad Reza Radan said on state television station IRINN .
The toll was the result of clashes that broke out between demonstrators and security forces as large crowds gathered for Ashura , a major religious observance .
Five people were reported killed in the fighting , Iranian state - run Press TV said late Sunday .
A French government statement put the number of fatalities at eight .
With tight restrictions on international media , CNN could not independently verify the casualties .
Without giving an exact number of casualties , Radan said those killed included one person who fell off a bridge and two others who were killed in a car accident during the protests .
One of the victims was killed by a bullet , Radan said .
But " considering the fact that the police did not use firearms , this incident is extremely suspicious , and is being investigated , " he said .
The Web site of opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi reported that Mousavi 's nephew , Seyed Ali Mousavi , was killed in the demonstrations around noon local time Sunday by a gunshot to the heart .
Press TV , meanwhile , late Sunday quoted unnamed police officials as identifying one of the dead as " Seyyed Ali Mousavi . "
Press TV 's report did not mention any relationship between that victim and opposition leader Mousavi , nor did its report include any mention of the elder Mousavi .
Tehran Police Chief Azizollah Rajabzadeh denied any protesters were killed by security forces .
Are you in Iran ?
Share your photos and video and tell us what 's going on .
Police did not fire any shots in Tehran , " and security forces were not in possession of firearms , " Rajabzadeh told the semi-official news agency ISNA .
Since the disputed presidential elections in June , protesters have turned public gatherings into rallies against President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who was declared the overwhelming winner of the race .
Police , wary of the potential that Ashura gatherings could present , were out in full force Sunday to quell disruptions but did not stop demonstrators holding widespread protests .
Near Imam Hussein Square in central Tehran , security forces used tear gas to disperse demonstrators and blocked roads to prevent more from arriving , a witness said .
Protesters seized a motorcycle belonging to a security force member and set it on fire .
Elsewhere in the city , witnesses reported seeing protesters being beaten with batons .
Demonstrators chanted " death to the dictator " and some ripped down a picture of Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei .
Police helicopters hovered above city squares while small trucks brought in more riot police in parts where clashes were fierce .
Protesters played cat - and - mouse with security forces -- gathering , then scrambling and gathering elsewhere .
U.S. National Security Council Spokesman Mike Hammer said the United States condemns the " violent and unjust suppression of civilians in Iran seeking to exercise their universal rights . "
" Governing through fear and violence is never just , and as President Obama said in Oslo -- it is telling when governments fear the aspirations of their own people more than the power of any other nation , " Hammer said in a statement .
The French Foreign Ministry issued a statement Sunday expressing " great anxiety " following the violent clashes .
The statement said at least eight people were killed and several were wounded in the clashes .
France condemns the arbitrary arrests and the " acts of violence committed against demonstrators who came to defend their right to freedom of speech and their aspiration to democracy .
Facing the persistence of popular movements and the worsening of the repression , France is calling for a political solution in Iran , " the ministry 's statement said .
The unrest Sunday followed daylong clashes between the two sides in the streets of Tehran on Saturday .
On Saturday evening , a pro-government mob barged into a mosque where former president and reformist leader Mohammad Khatami was speaking .
The dozens - strong group forced Khatami to end his remarks abruptly when it interrupted the gathering at Jamaran mosque .
Earlier Saturday , scores of security forces on motorcycles charged protesters on sidewalks whenever they started chanting anti-government slogans , witnesses said .
Sunday marks Ashura , the observance of the death of Imam Hussein , grandson of Prophet Muhammad .
Hussein , who was killed in battle in Karbala in 680 A.D. , is regarded as a martyr .
The battle that led to his death is one of the events that helped create the schism between Sunnis and Shiites , the two main Muslim religious movements .
Iran is predominantly Shiite .
During Sunday 's protests , some demonstrators compared Khamenei to Yazid , the caliph who killed Hussein .
Religious mourning during Ashura is characterized by people chanting , beating their breasts in penance , cutting themselves with daggers or swords and whipping themselves in synchronized moves .
Sunday also is a week to the day since the death of Grand Ayatollah Hussein Ali Montazeri , a key figure in the 1979 Iranian revolution .
Montazeri , who went on to become one of the government 's most vocal critics , died December 20 .
The seventh day after a death is a traditional time for mourning in Islam .
CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .
Join us and rediscover music !
Features
Dailymotion video can now be rendered within the applet in HQ if HQ is selected in the video applet settings .
Rewrote podcast feed parser to correctly parse XML .
Now even RSS 1.0 and Atom feeds are supported .
Patches by Mathias Panzenböck .
Rating of playlist items can now be filtered , using " rating : # " notation .
When removing a podcast subscription , ask for confirmation and offer to delete the downloaded episodes .
Patch by Frank Meerkötter .
Font of lyrics applet is configurable in the lyrics applet setting page .
BPM editing , sorting , and filtering have been implemented .
( BR 214056 ) Patch by Pierre Dumuid < pmdumuid@gmail.com >.
Made it possible to change a podcast channel 's URL .
( BR 195204 )
Also support feed :// urls for subscribing to podcasts .
Limited the number of simultaneous podcast updates and downloads to four .
This can be configured separately in the " amarokrc " configuration file .
Import podcast subscriptions from OPML .
Show HTML info for podcast channels that support this .
Patches by Mathias Panzenböck .
( BR 193357 )
Ampache Service now shows Service info from last .fm
Moodbar support is back .
Can be shown in progress bar or in the playlist .
The 4 visual styles from Amarok 1 ( normal , angry , frozen and happy ) are all supported .
This feature requires that moodbars files are already present .
Cover images can now be fetched via HTTP .
( BR 176899 )
Custom Labels has returned .
Assign labels from the tag dialog , and see them in the tag dialog or in the playlist .
Fetch labels from last .fm for some tracks
Pressing F2 when focused in the lyrics applet jumps into editing mode .
Changes
Tracks in Albums applet are now sorted by track number .
Patch by Lorenz Röhrl < sheepshit@gmx.de >.
New menu to add applets to the context view .
Added rating filter to collection browser 's edit filter dialog .
Added bitrate and sample rate filters to collection browser 's text input area .
Amarok now depends on KDElibs 4.3 , and Qt 4.5 .
When downloading a podcast make sure the file is not on disk already .
If it is the download is stopped and the existing file is used instead .
Last.fm friends and neighbors are now sorted alphabetically .
Radically reduced memory consumption while downloading podcasts by writing direct to disk .
Patches by Frank Meerkoetter .
( BR 209937 )
Podcast auto - update interval is now configurable in the rc-file .
Default is 30 minutes .
( BR 212467 )
Magnatune.com store : Better status message when downloading albums .
Moved the " Playlist Layout " button into the main menu , as the playlist toolbar was becoming too crowded .
New interface for repeat and random playback modes .
Interface now correctly represents the actual behaviour ( ony one mode can be active at any time ) and is accessible directly from the playlist toolbar .
Usability : Added tooltips all over the place , improved existing ones .
Usability improvements for the Ampache service settings dialog .
Length and size of queued tracks are now shown in the statusbar tooltip .
( BR 144471 )
Improved Cover fetching .
Changed Dialog so the user can select from possible covers .
Improved guessing tags from filename .
Added preview to Dialog .
Display frames around lyrics / video applets for indicating focus .
Improved keyboard functions when editing lyrics from the applet .
Improved automatic resizing of lyrics and suggestions in the context applet .
Bugfixes
Only 4 weeks after the 2.2.1 release the Amarok Team is proud to present you with a beta release of the upcoming Amarok 2.2.2 .
We are especially delighted by the many patches and contributions from new contributors that found their way into it .
So what is new in this beta release ?
Well , let us surprise you : custom Labels for tracks are back in Amarok !
Yes , it took some time , but we are glad to be able to allow you to add your very personal labels to your music again .
Another well known feature from the 1.4 series making a comeback is the often requested moodbar .
Just be warned , you will need the gstreamer backend and quite a few other additional packages to have this working , but we already prepared a wiki page with the necessary instructions .
Of course , all 4 moodbar styles known from Amarok 1.4 are supported in this version .
Many changes found their way also into the podcasts section , with a much improved handling of the grouping and downloads .
It is now possible to modify the update interval in the configuration file , the downloads are less memory hungry and already existing files are not downloaded again .
We also made some small changes for better usability : The Playlist Layout Editor is now part of the Playlist menu in the menu bar , while the playlist actions are at the bottom of the playlist panel .
This has the big advantage to see immediately if you did activate a random , repeat and / or favor mode by a visual indicator .
All buttons and items now have tooltips that allow you to identify the various elements with great ease .
There are many more features to discover , many changes and an impressive list of bugfixes in this preview , as the changelog below shows .
Let us just mention one other important change that allows us to take full advantage of the development framework in use : Amarok now depends on KDE 4.3.x and Qt 4.5 .
Expect some very nice new stuff for the month to come :)
As usual with Beta releases , we would love to have as much feedback as possible from testers who are not afraid to use a preview on their system .
While we will not add new features until the final release of Amarok 2.2.2 , we will fully concentrate on improving the existing features and options .
This of course means that we rely on you , dear testers and music lovers , to really push this version to its limits and report as many problems as you can find .
and , as usual , this is a beta release , so do n't use it if you are not comfortable when Amarok causes some strange happenings on your machine , dries your laundry instead of sorting music or even eats the occasional cat ;)
The PMRC , formed in 1984 , are the committee responsible for the introduction of Parental Advisory stickers on CD covers .
The committee was formed by the ‘ Washington Wives ’ ; four women who are also married to members of government , most notably Al Gore ’s wife , Tipper Gore .
Musician Frank Zappa strongly opposed this form of censorship and sent the following letter ( and others ) to all members of his fan club .
Transcript
Dear Friend ,
Here is the package we have prepared to assist you in any local effort you care to initiate in opposition THE WIVES OF BIG BROTHER and their dangerous program .
Included is the typical PMRC fund - raising letter .
We want you to see for yourselves what their pitch is .
If you agree with their point of view , do what their letter tells you to do .
If you do n’t , use the addresses they have provided ( people to complain to ) , and , instead of complaining , encourage them to broadcast things that YOU like .
If they are not broadcasting enough of what YOU like , tell them what YOUR ENTERTAINMENT PREFERENCES ARE , and DEMAND MORE OF IT .
If you do n’t make your feelings known , you are going to be stuck with watching and listening to the stuff THEY LIKE .
Also included is a copy of my letter to the President and my CASHBOX editorial .
Feel free to quote any of this material in letters you might write to your elected represent atives .
The PMRC has a lot of nerve to ask for money … they are already very well funded , well connected , and seem to have the entire U.S. news media in their back pocket .
This mailing , all legal fees , phone bills and travel costs connected with fighting this issue have been paid for out of profits from Barking Pumpkin record sales , and from Barfko - Swill mail order funds .
We thank you for buying these items .
Without the orders you have already placed , a real opposing view to this issue would never have been heard .
Okay … it ’s up to you now .
Do n’t let yourselves down ..
Take some time and help protect YOUR Constitutional Rights .
You know how to use a phone .
You know how to write letters .
Make some noise about this issue .
Use YOUR imagination .
DON ’T BEND OVER FOR THE WIVES OF BIG BROTHER .
Thanks ,
Frank Zappa
As cooks turn to the Web for Thanksgiving recipes , the terms they enter into search engines can provide clues to what dishes are being cooked around the nation .
On Wednesday on Allrecipes.com , “ sweet potato casserole ” was by far the most common search term nationwide .
It was tops in 36 of the 50 states and easily outpaced the No. 2 entry , “ pumpkin pie . ”
A five - month - old baby died in a hospital amid pleas for help from his parents while his doctor played computer games in eastern China , health authorities said today .
An investigation found that Dr Mao Xiaojun was playing an online game during a night shift and did not take the parents ' pleas seriously , the Jiangsu province health department said in a statement .
" When efforts were being made to save the baby , the mother got on her knees in the doorway of the ear , nose and throat department and pleaded for help , " the statement said .
The baby died the next morning , 4 November , from complications caused by an eye infection , the statement said .
Officials at the state - run Nanjing children 's hospital could not be reached for comment .
The statement said Mao " covered up the truth " in an initial investigation .
But more probing found that she had been playing a game called Go on an instant messaging system , the statement said .
Mao was stripped of her medical licence and fired , and the hospital head and several staffers were disciplined .
The health department looked into the infant 's death after complaints about the doctor playing online games hit the internet .
( New York ) – Turkey should not allow President Omar al - Bashir of Sudan , an accused war criminal , to attend a conference in Istanbul , and should arrest him if he sets foot in Turkey , Human Rights Watch said today .
Recent news reports indicate that al - Bashir has been invited to a meeting of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference , which starts in Istanbul on November 9 , 2009 , and that he plans to attend .
Turkish officials have indicated that they do not intend to arrest al - Bashir should he visit Turkey .
" Turkey 's international image will plummet if it welcomes a man wanted to answer for some of the most heinous abuses against civilians in the world today , " said Elise Keppler , senior counsel with Human Rights Watch 's International Justice Program .
" Turkey , after all , serves on the UN Security Council , whose referral led to the warrant against him . "
The arrest warrant for al - Bashir was issued on March 4 by the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity committed in Darfur .
Sudan has challenged the ICC 's investigations and prosecution of crimes in Darfur and has refused to cooperate with the ICC .
Turkey is not a state party to the ICC and thus has no legal obligation to arrest al - Bashir as a result of the warrant .
At the same time , the UN Security Council - in resolution 1593 , which referred Darfur to the ICC in March 2005 - urges all states to cooperate with the ICC .
Turkey became an elected member of the UN Security Council for two years in January 2009 .
In addition , Turkey has for some time sought membership in the European Union .
All EU member states are parties to the ICC , and are strongly committed to the court and accountability for genocide , war crimes , and crimes against humanity .
The ICC's Darfur cases
To date , the ICC has issued arrest warrants for three suspects for alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity committed in Darfur .
The others are for Ahmad Harun , the former minister of state for the interior and the former minister for humanitarian affairs , and Ali Kushayb , an alleged commander of the Janjaweed militia .
The ICC also has issued a summons to appear for a Sudanese rebel leader , Bahar Idriss Abu Garda , for alleged war crimes committed as part of an attack on an African Union peacekeeping base , Haskanita .
As Ireland faces the prospect of ten more days of freezing temperatures , potato farmers in Ireland are facing a very uncertain future as they can’t harvest their crops .
Between the floods around the country in November and the subsequent freeze in December and now January , potato farmers have been left frustrated as either water or ice has prevented them from getting potatoes out of the ground , and that could result in a loss of around € 15 ( $ 21.6 ) million to Irish potato farmers .
Thomas Carpenter , the National Potato Committee Vice - Chairman of the Irish Farmers Association ( IFA ) , said that 6,000 acres of potato files have been unharvested because of the inclement weather .
" The losses will result in a 20 % reduction in marketable produce and retailers must respond immediately by paying a viable price to producers for crop in store , " said Carpenter .
The IFA is also concerned the frost could kill up to 75 per cent of the potato crops currently sitting in Irish fields .
The reduced supply could result in a hike in prices for potatoes , and Ireland ’s signature vegetable is not the only crop suffering .
Carrots , celery , Brussels sprouts and cauliflower crops are also unharvested in recent weeks as the freezing temperatures continue .
By Captain Pyke | January 9 , 2010 - 9:33 pm
Those hoping for a 2011 release date for the sequel to J.J. Abrams " Star Trek " have to wait a bit longer .
Paramount announced a tentative June 29th , 2012 for the opening of Star Trek XII .
As reported by ComingSoon.com , it 's the only movie scheduled for that time frame so far .
We 're pretty excited that Paramount and Bad Robot did n't decide on a quick turnaround .
The sequel needs time to be made right .
Plus , we 're pretty sure that J.J. , Roberto Orci , and Alex Kurtzman have lots on their plates .
Slashfilm.com has pretty good insight about that particular day and month ;
As the Friday right before July 4th weekend , it ’s a very strong date , and possibly a sign that the studio has a lot more faith in the sequel then they did in the first film ( which was released on May 8 , 2009 ) .
( source ComingSoon.net via Slashfilm.com )
Dudes have a thing for Flo , the perky Progressive Insurance saleswoman played by actress Stephanie Courtney .
Perhaps it 's her retro look or , in the words of one smitten blogger , her " kissable red red lips . "
In search of answers , ABC television 's Atlanta affiliate tracked down the 38 - year - old actress , who seems a bit baffled by all the fuss .
On her look : " They tease my hair , spray it and stick the headband in it .
And the makeup is like painting a portrait on my face .
It 's insane .
It totally changes things on my face .
It 's like having a mask on . "
On her character : " It 's me at my silliest .
You start off with a script , but at the end they usually let me put a little zinger in there .
We put a little mustard on it .
That 's when it gets fun .
Flo could be one of my improv characters , always on and sort of cracked in a weird way . "
On her sex appeal : " I do n't know what it is .
The way I play her , she 's pretty much the most asexual thing on TV right now .
I think the Geico lizard puts out more sexual vibes than Flo does . "
Check out Flo 's new holiday spot here .
— Posted by Tim Nudd
by
The national average price of a gallon of regular unleaded gasoline has fallen three cents over the past week to $ 2.60 , and now stands at a nearly two month low .
This recent decline in the price of gasoline is pretty much in - step with the decline of the price of oil , which has been brought about by larger than expected reserve reports as well as a stronger dollar .
Despite the recent decline in price , the national average gasoline price is still nearly 60 % higher than it was at this time last year .
Â
Although , to put things in a little bit of perspective , the price of gasoline is still nearly 40 % below the record high of $ 4.12 set back in July 2007 .
Currently only two states â€ “ Alaska ( $ 3.80 ) and Hawaii ( $ 3.34 ) â€ “ are reporting average prices above $ 3 per gallon .
There are now 18 states reporting an average price below $ 2.50 per gallon , with Oklahoma coming in with the lowest state - wide average price at $ 2.38 per gallon .
LONDON — Two years ago in a conference room in the Randolph hotel in Oxford , England , Henrik Thomsen gave his inside account of a medical “ nightmare . ”
In a presentation to about 30 colleagues , Thomsen , one of Europe ’s leading radiologists , revealed how patients treated at his Copenhagen University hospital had subsequently contracted a rare and potentially fatal disease .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thomsen and other doctors were baffled about why 20 kidney patients who had been given routine scans were afflicted by a disorder — nephrogenic systemic fibrosis ( NSF ) — in which the skin gradually swells , thickens and tightens .
Some sufferers were confined to wheelchairs .
At least one died .
There was no known cure .
Then , in March 2006 , came a breakthrough .
It was confirmed that all those who had fallen ill with NSF had been given the same drug in advance of a magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) scan .
Omniscan was used to enhance the images produced by the scan .
The product was sold around the world and was manufactured by GE Healthcare , a subsidiary of General Electric , one of the world ’s largest corporations .
Thomsen ’s presentation lasted no more than 15 minutes , with the final slide reading : “ I hope none of you meets a similar medical hurricane . ”
The 56 - year - old radiologist , now director of diagnostic sciences at the University of Copenhagen , is part of a small group of clinicians credited with alerting patients and regulators to the potential risks of Omniscan for renal patients .
The UK Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency this weekend said there had been 20 reports in the UK of NSF after patients were given Omniscan .
Five of the patients died .
ADVERTISEMENT
Last month , European medical regulators recommended that anybody who needs an MRI scan should be given a check to ensure their kidneys are healthy if they are to be given Omniscan or two other similar products .
In the U.S. , the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) is reviewing whether to further restrict the drugs .
Thomsen , however , now refuses to speak anywhere in England on the possible risks of Omniscan .
The reason is that he faces another kind of storm : GE Healthcare is suing him for libel in the UK High Court .
The company claims his presentation in Oxford — entitled “ Management Aspects of NSF ” [ 7 ] — was highly defamatory .
GE has already racked up costs of more than £ 380,000 ( about $ 615,000 ) pursuing the respected academic , who has authored or co-authored nearly 400 papers and delivered countless presentations to his peers .
Thomsen will have to pay the firm ’s costs if he loses the case .
ADVERTISEMENT
In recent weeks , The Sunday Times has highlighted how London ’s draconian libel laws are being used to intimidate critics of the rich and the powerful into silence .
In a number of cases , plaintiffs and claimants have little apparent connection with the UK .
Campaign groups have warned that vital scientific and medical work is being threatened because of the threat of libel actions .
Thomsen , who was in London last week meeting his lawyers at the firm Carter Ruck , has no doubt about the driving force behind his case .
“ I believe that the lawsuit is an attempt to silence me , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
How GE Acquired Omniscan
In October 2003 , General Electric , one of the most watched companies on Wall Street , made a successful bid of about $ 10 billion for Amersham , the British healthcare company that had been privatized by former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher .
GE has a finger in many lines of business , from manufacturing lightbulbs to insurance sales , but this appeared a particularly good fit .
GE Medical Systems already made scanning equipment , and Amersham made the products used to enhance medical imaging .
The combined business — GE Healthcare — had its headquarters in Buckinghamshire in southeast England and was expected to generate about $ 13 billion annually , representing about 10 percent of GE ’s revenue at that time .
One of the imaging products was Omniscan , which is among a small group of drugs administered to patients before an MRI scan .
Called contrast agents , the drugs enhance the differences between fluids and structures in the body when they appear on scans , making diagnosis easier .
ADVERTISEMENT
To date , Omniscan has sold more than 48 million doses worldwide .
Such products sell for about $ 30 a dose .
There was , however , a problem .
A small number of kidney patients injected with Omniscan and other products were falling ill with NSF , a horrific disease that first attacks the skin and can then attack organs .
Those with healthy kidneys were unaffected ; the product has been safe for more than 99 percent of patients .
NSF was first identified in America in 1997 , more than five years after the contrast agents were introduced , and doctors were initially mystified about the cause .
One victim , Celeste Castillo Lee , from North Carolina , who testified earlier this month at an FDA hearing , described how the disease migrated through her body , causing agony .
“ Seventy - five per cent of us [ NSF victims ] are in wheelchairs , ” she said .
“ It ’s actually a torture . ”
She said swelling which started in her ankles moved inexorably through her limbs and then attacked her insides .
Her bones , she said , felt like they were in a vice .
ADVERTISEMENT
In British hospitals , doctors were also finding cases of the new and strange condition .
Giles Roditi , a consultant radiologist at Glasgow Royal Infirmary , said his hospital had 16 cases of NSF in renal patients .
So what was causing it ?
In early 2006 , Thomsen turned clinical detective to try and answer this question .
After he was told that every kidney patient at his hospital who was diagnosed with the disease had been given a drug for a MRI scan , he and his colleagues alerted the medical authorities , then embarked on a review of all known cases of NSF .
Every patient out of the 150 cases he found had been given a contrast agent for an MRI .
About 90 percent of the patients had been given Omniscan .
It was not proof that the drug caused NSF , but it was enough evidence for Thomsen never to give it again to any kidney patient .
Omniscan is one of several competing MRI agents that contain the metal gadolinium , which is potentially toxic .
The metal is chemically protected in its various drug forms and is quickly flushed out of the body by patients with healthy kidneys .
However , regulators believe the chemical structure of Omniscan , and another similarly constructed product , makes them less stable and potentially dangerous for those suffering from renal problems .
The Danish Medicines Agency was the first to sound the alarm , highlighting 25 cases linked to Omniscan in a notice in May 2006 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Many of the Danish patients filed claims with a Danish government insurance agency , which pays benefits if it determines that a drug was a likely cause of inquiry or death .
In one of those cases , involving a 55 - year - old woman who died from a lung embolism in 2003 , the insurance agency concluded the side effects from Omniscan had “ caused ” her immobilization , which , in turn , “ caused ” her deadly embolism .
GE declined to comment on this case last week .
In June 2007 , the Commission on Human Medicines in the UK advised doctors not to use Omniscan in patients with severe renal problems along with two other products , Magnevist , manufactured by Bayer HealthCare , and Optimark , produced by Covidien .
It recommended that other products containing gadolinium should not be used for kidney patients unless essential .
GE Healthcare reacted promptly to concerns over its product , but the company objects to some of Thomsen ’s work and the decisions by the European regulators .
While it does not deny an association between its product and NSF , the company said it was unfair to classify Omniscan as particularly risky .
GE insists that a causal link to NSF has “ not been established ” and that a reporting bias ( PDF ) may account for the high number of NSF cases linked to its product .
GE ’s arguments helped sway regulators in the U.S. , the biggest market for Omniscan .
The FDA has warned doctors of an association between contrast agents and NSF , but until recently the agency said data was too limited to classify some of the products as more risky than others .
So far , the FDA has stopped short of recommending that doctors stop using any of these products in kidney patients .
FDA ’s staff has been revisting the evidence and this month said it now believes that Omniscan , Optimark and Magnevist pose higher risks .
On Dec. 8 , a majority of members on an FDA advisory panel went a step further , recommending that Omniscan and Optimark should not be given to patients with severe kidney disease .
The regulatory action represents a victory of sorts for Thomsen and may mean less chance of kidney patients suffering from this disease in the future .
But his mind is now on another looming battle with GE in the High Court .
ADVERTISEMENT
Academics and radiologists who attended Thomsen ’s presentation say it is “ ludicrous ” that he faces a potentially ruinous legal action and are writing letters of support .
His PowerPoint presentation is summarized in one GE legal filing and appears to be an objective analysis of the association between Omniscan and NSF .
GE Healthcare said this weekend the presentation was defamatory because it accused the company of suppressing information and marketing its product when it was aware of possible problems .
Last week , however , a spokeswoman was unable to highlight any part of Thomsen ’s presentation in which this allegation was made .
GE ’s lawsuit says the defamation may have been “ by way of innuendo . ”
Carter Ruck , which is defending Thomsen on a no - win - no - fee basis , says the case should be dismissed because the material is clearly not defamatory .
GE Healthcare is also suing over an article that appeared under Thomsen ’s name in Imaging Management , a medical journal published in Belgium .
The article referred to rumors that the company had been warned about possible problems with its product .
Thomsen says he did not “ write or publish ” the words that are the subject of the complaint and that they were written by a journalist .
He denies libel .
ADVERTISEMENT
The GE Healthcare spokeswoman said the company supports scientific debate and only sued Thomsen as a “ last resort . ”
She said GE always reacted quickly and in the best interests of patients to any possible side - effects of Omniscan and reiterated that the product was still safe to use for the vast majority of patients .
The Debate : Defamation or Free Speech ?
Thomsen ’s case , however , is the latest example of the UK courts being used against scientists who scrutinize drugs and treatments .
Simon Singh , a science writer , is being sued by the British Chiropractic Association for describing some of their treatments as “ bogus . ”
Another target is Peter Wilmshurt , a consultant cardiologist at Shrewsbury hospital in central England .
He is being sued by an American company , NMT Medical , after he questioned the effectiveness of a new heart implant device .
A Libel Reform Campaign is now urging capped damages , stricter controls on costs and a stronger public interest defence .
Index on Censorship , a London - based free - speech group , is among a number of organizations supporting the campaign .
“ [ Thomsen ’s case ] appears to be yet another shocking example for multinational corporations going after academics and scientists working in the public interest , ” said John Kampfner , the group ’s chief executive .
ADVERTISEMENT
Sir Ken Macdonald , the country ’s former top prosecutor , has already called for reform .
“ The idea that we are becoming an international haven for people to attack scientists is something that we should not be proud of , ” he said .
The House of Common ’s culture , media and sport committee is compiling a report which is expecting to recommend change in the country ’s libel laws .
UK Justice Secretary Jack Straw , the equivalent of the U.S. attorney general , has already announced a review .
Colin Blakemore , professor of neuroscience at Oxford University and an adviser to Sense about Science , which promotes the use of good science in public debates , said any review should ensure the libel courts are never used as forum for assessing the risks of a treatment .
“ The risk is that the party with the most money will always win in what should be a dispassionate assessment of evidence , ” he said .
GE , along with other manufacturers of contrast agents , now faces action in the American courts over its drug .
A legal brief filed in federal court in Cleveland by lawyers acting for nearly 500 plaintiffs says Omniscan was “ routinely administered to kidney patients for years without warnings . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The litigation suggests the debate over exact side effects of Omniscan and other products is likely to continue for many years to come .
Thomsen ’s concern is about medical researchers who will need to highlight possible risks from drugs in the future .
He says it is essential that they are not cowed by the prospect of appearing before the libel courts in London .
“ It ’s dangerous for the patient if we ca n’t frankly exchange views , ” he said .
A Northwestern University study shows that coupling a magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) contrast agent to a nanodiamond results in dramatically enhanced signal intensity and thus vivid image contrast .
" The results are a leap and not a small one -- it is a game - changing event for sensitivity , " said Thomas J. Meade , the Eileen Foell Professor in Cancer Research in the Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences and the Feinberg School of Medicine .
" This is an imaging agent on steroids .
The complex is far more sensitive than anything else I 've seen . "
Meade led the study along with Dean Ho , assistant professor of biomedical engineering and mechanical engineering in the McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Science .
Ho already has demonstrated that the nanodiamonds have excellent biocompatibility and can be used for efficient drug delivery .
This new work paves the way for the clinical use of nanodiamonds to both deliver therapeutics and remotely track the activity and location of the drugs .
The study , published online by the journal Nano Letters , also is the first published report of nanodiamonds being imaged by MRI technology , to the best of the researchers ' knowledge .
The ability to image nanodiamonds in vivo would be useful in biological studies where long - term cellular fate mapping is critical , such as tracking beta islet cells or tracking stem cells .
MRI is a noninvasive medical imaging technique that uses an intravenous contrast agent to produce detailed images of internal structures in the body .
MRI is capable of deep tissue penetration , achieves an efficient level of soft tissue contrast with high spatial and time - related resolution , and does not require ionizing radiation .
advertisement
Contrast agents are used in MRI because they alter the relaxivity ( contrast efficacy indicator ) and improve image resolution .
Gadolinium ( Gd ) is the material most commonly used as an MRI contrast agent , but its contrast efficacy can be improved .
Meade ,
Ho and their colleagues developed a gadolinium ( III ) - nanodiamond complex that , in a series of tests , demonstrated a significant increase in relaxivity and , in turn , a significant increase in contrast enhancement .
The Gd( III ) - nanodiamond complex demonstrated a greater than 10 - fold increase in relaxivity -- among the highest per Gd( III ) values reported to date .
This represents an important advance in the efficiency of MRI contrast agents .
Ho and Meade imaged a variety of nanodiamond samples , including nanodiamonds decorated with various concentrations of Gd( III ) , undecorated nanodiamonds and water .
The intense signal of the Gd( III ) - nanodiamond complex was brightest when the Gd( III ) level was highest .
" Nanodiamonds have been shown to be effective in attracting water molecules to their surface , which can enhance the relaxivity properties of the Gd( III ) - nanodiamond complex , " said Ho .
" This might explain why these complexes are so bright and such good contrast agents . "
" The nanodiamonds are utterly unique among nanoparticles , " Meade said .
" A nanodiamond is like a cargo ship -- it gives us a nontoxic platform upon which to put different types of drugs and imaging agents . "
The biocompatibility of the Gd( III ) - nanodiamond complex underscores its clinical relevance .
In addition to confirming the improved signal produced by the hybrid , the researchers conducted toxicity studies using fibroblasts and HeLa cells as biological testbeds .
advertisement
They found little impact of the hybrid complex on cellular viability , affirming the complex 's inherent safety and positioning it as a clinically significant nanomaterial .
( Other nanodiamond imaging methods , such as fluorescent nanodiamond agents , have limited tissue penetration and are more appropriate for histological applications . )
Nanodiamonds are carbon - based materials approximately four to six nanometers in diameter .
Each nanodiamond 's surface possesses carboxyl groups that allow a wide spectrum of compounds to be attached to it , not just gadolinium ( III ) .
The researchers are exploring the pre-clinical application of the MRI contrast agent - nanodiamond hybrid in various animal models .
With an eye towards optimizing this novel hybrid material , they also are continuing studies of the structure of the Gd( III ) - nanodiamond complex to learn how it governs increased relaxivity .
Meade has pioneered the design and synthesis of chemical compounds for applications in cancer detection , cellular signaling and gene regulation .
Ho has pioneered the development of nanodiamonds and has demonstrated their efficiency as drug delivery vehicles .
Both are members of the Robert H. Lurie Comprehensive Cancer Center of Northwestern University .
Most of the UK missing out on high - definition
An HD TV is not the only piece of equipment you need A staggering majority of UK consumers are not getting the best out of their high - definition ( HD ) televisions , according to a survey .
Although 56 % of UK households now have an HD television , 91 % still watch standard DVDs and get their television through standard set - top boxes .
HD broadcasting can be viewed from Sky , Virgin and Freesat but will eventually be available on Freeview .
For HD films , discs must be played on a Blu - Ray or ( now defunct ) HD - DVD player .
Some games consoles already offer HD content .
Sony 's PlayStation 3 already has a Blu - Ray player built in , and the next versions of Microsoft 's XBox 360 and Nintendo 's Wii are rumoured to include Blu - Ray as well .
However , the survey of 2000 adults showed 81 % admitted to not getting the best from any of the hi-tech gadgets around their homes - from mobiles to laptops .
That means that many consumers who have all the technology in hand to view HD may not be setting up the devices and the cables properly to do so .
There are three different standards even within HD ; no one as yet broadcasts at the highest resolution , known as 1080 p , even though the majority of televisions bought today can display it .
Any of the HD flavours , however , makes for superior viewing when compared to standard broadcasts or films .
Cable , television Sometimes it is as simple as not using the correct cable ; all that is needed is an HDMI cable , and cheap ones work as well as expensive ones .
While HD boxes from commercial providers like Sky and Virgin come with an installation cost , the implications are that people are stymied by the technical details rather than the economics .
Unsurprisingly , 27 % of respondents admitted to not reading the instruction manuals for their gadgets and 29 % gave up at the outset , saying modern technology is too complicated .
" Unless you 're really into your technology , perhaps you do n't realise that just because it says HD on the box , the picture quality is n't necessarily HD , " said Stuart Miles , editor of technology website Pocket Lint .
" Once you show people HD they realise how poor the standard picture is , but a lot of people do n't get the opportunity to see that . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Microsoft launched Xbox Live as an online gaming service in 2002 amid great skepticism .
It did n’t really take off until Halo 2 launched in 2004 , but now the service is huge .
There are now more than 20 million active Xbox Live subscribers ( both free users and those who pay $ 50 a year for multiplayer gaming ) .
That means that more than two out of three Xbox 360 owners use the service .
The company has added popular new video services such as Netflix videos and this week it debuted integration with Twitter , Facebook and Last.fm .
Microsoft also knocked out a bunch of users from the service who were using “ modded ” Xbox 360s , which have been modified to play pirated games .
We sat down this week with Marc Whitten , the general manager of Xbox Live , to catch up on the latest with the service at the Streaming Media West show .
VentureBeat :
You ’ve got more than 20 million subscribers now .
Tell us more about the numbers .
Marc Whitten :
We hit two million concurrent users ( meaning they were logged in at the same time ) last week .
That was a big milestone for us .
It was n’t all that long ago that we announced 1 million concurrent users .
That ’s been great to see .
I am excited about the usage of a bunch of the stuff we ’ve unveiled , which includes Netflix movies and the Sky Broadcasting service in the United Kingdom .
( The Xbox 360 serves as a set - top box for Sky ’s Internet TV service . )
The usage of these non -game services ranks as high as the game usage .
We have high expectations for the usage of Facebook , Twitter and Last . fm too .
People are really loving these experiences .
VB : So the Nov. 10 release of Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 pushed the service into its record numbers ?
MW : Modern Warfare 2 was phenomenal .
Those guys at Infinity Ward are amazing .
It pushed us into the record .
VB : It seems like a lot of people skipped the single - player game altogether and just started playing multiplayer on Xbox Live ?
MW : We had a mix .
That had a great single player experience , but the community play for Modern Warfare has always been so great that a lot of people moved right into multiplayer .
We have seen that before , though it depends on how well the multiplayer experience is .
On day one of a launch , we see a big surge of multiplayer with almost any game .
Halo
Wars saw a spike in multiplayer on its first day .
VB : So Modern Warfare 2 beat out Halo 3 : ODST in multiplayer numbers ?
MW : Yes , Modern Warfare 2 broke the records .
VB : When you started thinking about adding Facebook functions into Xbox Live , how did you approach it ?
MW : When we launched the New Xbox Experience on Xbox Live a year ago with Netflix , part of the goal was to create a platform that let us change and modify and launch things right away .
It was n’t just about doing better graphics .
You recall that for a long time we would update the service just twice a year and figure out how to add a new blade into the user interface .
That work made it easy to figure out how we could layer in this new stuff .
We worked on Facebook for less than a year .
It was not a difficult project .
The fundamental thing you ask when you ’re designing something like this is ‘ what can be done better ? ’
To us , that was clearly adding better photo viewing .
It ’s a better social environment in front of the big screen .
You can all be comfortable and look at the pictures from Facebook more easily than crowding around a computer .
It has been way too hard to get photos on your TV .
Building something that makes that easy was what we wanted to do .
The beauty of Facebook to me is that people will link their Xbox Live accounts to their Facebook accounts .
Then the next new people who sign up for Xbox Live will find they already have a lot of friends on it .
They can get 30 friends a lot faster .
VB : I suppose people have a lot more friends on Facebook .
MW : We had a 100 - friend limit on Xbox Live .
Mixing these experiences together will get us to the best of what we want .
The rate of adding friends has to do with who you already know on the service and finding experiences together that you like .
With Sky , you can do party mode viewing .
You can all watch a movie together and comment on it .
VB : There were stories that talked about how Microsoft knocked out a lot of modders from Xbox Live .
I recall that early on there were maybe 1 or 2 percent of the people who were using modded machines .
Why would there be such a large number now ?
One report said it was a million modders knocked out .
MW : It ’s a cat and mouse game .
These were people that were pirating software .
We try to keep sanctity of life from a safety and anti-cheating perspective and we protect our partners .
We did n’t release the number .
I cannot explain to you why people would think it was a million people .
It was n’t a million people .
Check the veracity of that claim .
It was one news source .
I think we do a really good job understanding what people are doing on the system .
That applies to intellectual property ( piracy ) and how we treat the community in terms of harassment .
We are committed to making it better and better .
VB : With the social networks , you will bring in a lot of user - generated content .
Is that a security risk ?
MW : No .
Where we have introduced user - generated content , we have been careful to create community tools that help us in the policing and to make sure we can maintain a safe environment .
With indie games , anyone can submit a game for our community games section .
That runs in a sandbox so that we can test if the game operates correctly in the environment .
We also have community ratings so they can rate it and filter out inappropriate content .
They serve as the first filter for us .
VB : How are the indie games doing now ?
MW : It ’s going well .
One of the games I ’m playing the most now is an indie game called Avatar Drop .
You drop your avatars through hoops and watch the ragdoll physics ( where the bodies bounce around with realistic physical effects ) .
Indie is great because it brings you interesting services .
VB : Will you be able to do a lot more with the social networks , like playing Facebook games ?
MW : Bringing social networks and content together creates a different experience .
Social has been different in the past .
Can you play a game that is on the social network ?
In the future , they will move much closer together .
With Sky , you can see how they mingle together .
We can just start mingling things .
Social will remake entertainment .
A lot of stuff happens because the tools are created .
I take a lot of pictures with my cell phone camera .
They get on Facebook and suddenly they can show up on the television now with Xbox Live .
If you have a party at your house , you can put up a Facebook page .
You can take pictures and see them constantly update on the TV .
That ’s a cool experience .
It will get more interesting as creators use the tools to create new experiences .
VB : A lot of the observation of games this year has been about the rapid growth of free Facebook games , at the same time that console games have been shrinking because of the recession .
At some point , it looks like you might embrace that .
But it could be bad for your business if people play free games instead of paid console games .
MW : It ’s been a great year on Xbox Live .
If you recall , we went from a million concurrent users to two million , that ’s great growth .
It ’s been an uptime for us .
Live continues to be an incredibly relevant experience in terms of digital downloads and the growth of our Xbox Live Arcade games .
Some of those download games are 100 percent higher than a year before .
The other point is that we are going to continue to see social and games come together in interesting ways on a variety of platforms .
I am passionate about this — entertainment you want , with the people you are about , wherever you are .
A lot will happen in the living room .
There is also a lot that will happen on the PC , the web , and mobile platforms .
We need to make sure we are building the right experiences .
We are very excited about the growth of games for everyone .
It just brings more players into the category .
James also spent time in hospital in 2007 following abdominal surgery
Blues legend Etta James is being treated in hospital in California after suffering from various ailments , including a blood infection .
" She 's been in a pretty big battle , " her son Donto James told Reuters .
The singer has been in hospital for a week .
Mr James said his mother , 72 , became ill while in a detoxification clinic for treatment to an addiction to painkillers and other medicines .
The R&B star is probably best known for 1961 ballad , At Last .
Beyonce sang the track at President Barack Obama 's inaugural ball last year .
Hall of fame
James is being treated for a number of problems including the blood infection sepsis , believed to have started with a urinary tract infection , her son said .
Mr James said his mother was also suffering from speech difficulties , the cause of which is still being investigated .
He said doctors at the Riverside hospital were hoping to discharge his mother " very soon " and she would be moved to a nursing home for follow - up care .
Discovered by legendary band leader Johnny Otis , James 's career has spanned five decades .
The singer developed a heroin addiction in the 1960s that was to last for more than a decade , and saw her spend time in a psychiatric hospital .
After kicking her drug habit , she remained a popular concert performer - although further chart success largely eluded her .
She was inducted into the US Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993 , and won the first of three Grammy awards for 1994's Mystery Lady : The Songs of Billie Holiday .
A year later , she scored a top 10 hit in the UK when her version of I Just Wanna Make Love To You was featured in an advertisement for Coca - Cola .
In 2007 , the singer spent several weeks in hospital after suffering complications during abdominal surgery in Los Angeles .
Why does the US owe Haiti Billions ?
Colin Powell , former US Secretary of State , stated his foreign policy view as the " Pottery Barn rule . "
That is - " if you break it , you own it . "
The US has worked to break Haiti for over 200 years .
We owe Haiti .
Not charity .
We owe Haiti as a matter of justice .
Reparations .
And not the $ 100 million promised by President Obama either - that is Powerball money .
The US owes Haiti Billions - with a big B .
The US has worked for centuries to break Haiti .
The US has used Haiti like a plantation .
The US helped bleed the country economically since it freed itself , repeatedly invaded the country militarily , supported dictators who abused the people , used the country as a dumping ground for our own economic advantage , ruined their roads and agriculture , and toppled popularly elected officials .
The US has even used Haiti like the old plantation owner and slipped over there repeatedly for sexual recreation .
Here is the briefest history of some of the major US efforts to break Haiti .
In 1804 , when Haiti achieved its freedom from France in the world 's first successful slave revolution , the United States refused to recognize the country .
The US continued to refuse recognition to Haiti for 60 more years .
Why ?
Because the US continued to enslave millions of its own citizens and feared recognizing Haiti would encourage slave revolution in the US .
After the 1804 revolution , Haiti was the subject of a crippling economic embargo by France and the US .
US sanctions lasted until 1863 .
France ultimately used its military power to force Haiti to pay reparations for the slaves who were freed .
The reparations were 150 million francs .
( France sold the entire Louisiana territory to the US for 80 million francs ! )
Haiti was forced to borrow money from banks in France and the US to pay reparations to France .
A major loan from the US to pay off the French was finally paid off in 1947 .
The current value of the money Haiti was forced to pay to French and US banks ?
Over $ 20 Billion - with a big B .
The US occupied and ruled Haiti by force from 1915 to 1934 .
President Woodrow Wilson sent troops to invade in 1915 .
Revolts by Haitians were put down by US military - killing over 2000 in one skirmish alone .
For the next nineteen years , the US controlled customs in Haiti , collected taxes , and ran many governmental institutions .
How many billions were siphoned off by the US during these 19 years ?
From 1957 to 1986 Haiti was forced to live under US backed dictators " Papa Doc " and " Baby Doc " Duvlaier .
The US supported these dictators economically and militarily because they did what the US wanted and were politically " anti-communist " - now translatable as against human rights for their people .
Duvalier stole millions from Haiti and ran up hundreds of millions in debt that Haiti still owes .
Ten thousand Haitians lost their lives .
Estimates say that Haiti owes $ 1.3 billion in external debt and that 40 % of that debt was run up by the US - backed Duvaliers .
Thirty years ago Haiti imported no rice .
Today Haiti imports nearly all its rice .
Though Haiti was the sugar growing capital of the Caribbean , it now imports sugar as well .
Why ?
The US and the US dominated world financial institutions - the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank - forced Haiti to open its markets to the world .
Then the US dumped millions of tons of US subsidized rice and sugar into Haiti - undercutting their farmers and ruining Haitian agriculture .
By ruining Haitian agriculture , the US has forced Haiti into becoming the third largest world market for US rice .
Good for US farmers , bad for Haiti .
In 2002 , the US stopped hundreds of millions of dollars in loans to Haiti which were to be used for , among other public projects like education , roads .
These are the same roads which relief teams are having so much trouble navigating now !
In 2004 , the US again destroyed democracy in Haiti when they supported the coup against Haiti 's elected President Aristide .
Haiti is even used for sexual recreation just like the old time plantations .
Check the news carefully and you will find numerous stories of abuse of minors by missionaries , soldiers and charity workers .
Plus there are the frequent sexual vacations taken to Haiti by people from the US and elsewhere .
What is owed for that ?
What value would you put on it if it was your sisters and brothers ?
US based corporations have for years been teaming up with Haitian elite to run sweatshops teeming with tens of thousands of Haitians who earn less than $ 2 a day .
The Haitian people have resisted the economic and military power of the US and others ever since their independence .
Like all of us , Haitians made their own mistakes as well .
But US power has forced Haitians to pay great prices - deaths , debt and abuse .
It is time for the people of the US to join with Haitians and reverse the course of US - Haitian relations .
This brief history shows why the US owes Haiti Billions - with a big B .
This is not charity .
This is justice .
This is reparations .
The current crisis is an opportunity for people in the US to own up to our country 's history of dominating Haiti and to make a truly just response .
( For more on the history of exploitation of Haiti by the US see : Paul Farmer , The Uses of Haiti ; Peter Hallward , Damming the Flood ; and Randall Robinson , An Unbroken Agony )
Though a sequel to 2006 ’s Ninety - Nine Nights was announced at the Tokyo Game Show in 2008 , it has been relatively quiet surrounding the second instalment of the fantasy hack & slash series .
However , Konami recently updated the teaser website for Ninety - Nine Nights II with a message that the game will release in Spring 2010 .
Though generally lauded for the graphical quality of the game , the original received only mixed reviews .
Little details are currently known about the sequel , though the small set of screenshots that have been released ( available after the jump ) shows the game will feature a new character in noticeably darker environments .
The game is currently being developed by Feelplus in collaboration with Q Entertainment , and will be released exclusively for the Xbox 360 .
What is the best TED Talk ever given ?
This question was recently posed on Reddit and within hours hundreds of comments came into the post .
Scrolling through them I saw the usual names of past speakers who have given incredible talks .
There was one name missing from this list : Ben Dunlap .
With a nod to Sir Ken Robinson , my vote on this subject is for the talk Dunlap gave at the 2007 TED Conference .
If ever there was an idea worth spreading , its this one so eloquently shared in 18 minutes .
What do you think ?
Great software needs hardware that can keep up , and my new Nexus One is a sleek , awesome handset .
But the most important ingredient in this generation of touchscreen smartphones is the software : the screen is just a canvas that software paints on , and Android 2.1 is a work of art .
Coming from the chunky G1 , the thin and flat Nexus One hearkens back to my iPhone days .
( It does n’t require a holster , and slid into my jeans pocket it does n’t make my thigh look too fat–it gets lots of vanity points for that . )
The screen is huge and crisp ; the dual noise - canceling microphones are sweet ; the true headphone jack is much - appreciated , and the glowing trackball is a nice touch .
Now that that ’s out of the way –the best part of the Nexus One is Android 2.1 .
If all goes well , many existing Android users will get that update even if they do n’t get a new handset .
After spending just a few hours with my new phone , here are a few of my favorite Android 2.1 features , in screenshots .
Click to enlarge each image to actual size ( including the image of my current home screen , shown here ) .
First off , Android 2.1 has some satisfying eye candy that does n’t necessarily make you more productive , but does make the phone more fun to use .
The application menu button has been replaced with a button that looks like a grid ( see bottom of the first screenshot ) .
When you tap it , your application icons fly into place to take over the desktop in their own grid , and you can scroll them back and forward as if they were on a 3 - D cube , shown here .
Android 2.1 ’s Live Wallpapers move and react in different ways when you touch the desktop–again , not strictly useful , but they make the phone feel as if it is alive in your hand and responding to your every action .
Two new desktop widgets come in way handy :
One offers one - click toggle of your most important settings ( GPS , Bluetooth , screen brightness , and Wi - Fi on / off ) * , and the other has top news stories for idle browsing when you ’re on line at the grocery store .
I ’m not a widget gal–I trashed that big old clock first thing when I set up Android 1.5/6 – but these two , along with the Google search box , are keepers .
* Update : Colin Ewen points out that the Power Control widget is not new , it was simply redesigned in Android 2.1 .
The news widget is new .
Thanks , Colin !
Every single text area in Android 2.1 is speech - to - text enabled , which means you can say your text messages , emails , tweets , notes to self , whatever .
It works like Google ’s voice - enabled search box does .
You tap the microphone button on the keyboard , speak , and then the spinner grinds away at the recording , translating it to text .
Update : Instead of hunting down that small microphone button every time , you can also swipe across the keyboard to activate voice - to - text .
( Similarly , to hide the keyboard , swipe down on it . )
The voice - to - text conversion takes a few seconds , depending on how much you said , and it requires a decent internet connection to complete .
In a spotty area I got a few “ Connection error ” messages when I tried to speak my first tweet from the Nexus One using Seesmic .
( That was disappointing . )
The results are hit or miss .
Sometimes they ’re pretty decent .
Here I said , “ Every text area is speech - to - text enabled so you can speak your email , text messages , or tweets . ”
I did n’t say the punctuation , and you can see it borked the “ is , ” and missed the “ so . ”
Not bad .
Not all results are that close , though .
This is another set of results I got , saying the same exact thing as above .
Android continues to offer the best Gmail mobile client available on any platform .
The latest version of Google ’s Gmail Android app supports “ Undo . ”
When you archive or delete a Gmail conversation , you get the option to Undo the action .
( Great for when you accidentally tap something you did n’t mean to . )
The upgraded Gmail app also supports multiple accounts , so you can get mail from your work , personal , and moonlighting Gmail accounts in one interface .
( Note that before you could get email from multiple accounts using the vanilla email client , but now you can get the Gmail experience for multiple accounts . )
Another “ oh , that ’s cool ! ” Gmail discovery : if you tap the dot next to a contact ’s name , you get a pop-up with one - click access to that person ’s information with their photo .
Update : Also just noticed the “ Older ” button at the bottom of an open Gmail message .
That takes you to the next message in the list .
There ’s a “ Newer ” button in the menu options .
But back to contact photos …
I like to see photos of my friends on my phone , but never had the time or patience to manually assign photos to anyone who was n’t my Mom or my spouse .
Now I have more photos filled in than I ever did , thanks to Android ’s built - in Facebook application .
The FB app can sync Facebook profile photos into your existing contact list or add your Facebook friends to your phone ’s contact list over the air with one tap .
LOVE that .
I barely use Facebook , but it was worth logging in using the pre-installed app just to suck in photos for my friends and family .
In fact , you can add one - tap Facebook contact access to your desktop .
To do so , tap and hold the desktop , then choose “ Folders ” when the Add dialog comes up , tap “ Facebook Phonebook . ”
The Facebook - branded folder icon opens up to a list like the one shown here .
Android 2.1 has a few web browser upgrades going on as well .
Something from mobile Safari ’s playbook : when you browse to certain Google Apps ( like Wave , shown here , or Google Reader ) , the address bar hides itself automatically so the webapp goes full - screen .
Swipe your finger as if you ’re scrolling up to show it .
Your browser bookmarks appear in an attractive grid of thumbnailed page previews , ala Opera Fast Dial and Chrome .
( If I ’m not mistaken , Safari on the desktop does this , too . )
However , your History and Most Visited sites are just plain text lists .
It used to be that the browser ’s open windows would tile into previews , but that ’s just a text list now as well .
Interesting that your bookmarks are the only list of pages that appear as thumbnails previews .
Android 2.1 ships with a new Gallery application for your photos , which syncs with Picasa Web Albums .
It includes photos you add to the phone ’s hard drive or take with the phone itself .
The default view is stacks of images grouped , from what I can tell , by date .
( Note : I ’m using double Twist to move music , photos , and video clips onto the phone . )
Tap on a stack of images to browse the thumbnails or swipe through a slideshow .
If you tilt the phone or tap and drag around the edges in stack or thumbnail view , the photos tilt in a strange - but - cool effect ( as shown ) .
New to me ( but not Droid owners ) is Android ’s Car Home screen , for navigational purposes on the road .
I have n’t had the chance to try this out yet , but I ’m really looking forward to it .
( My trusted Android informant Kevin at Lifehacker gave it his thumbs - up . )
It was great to see that Google Voice came pre-installed on the Nexus One , and telling GVoice to handle my new mobile number ’s voicemail was literally a one - click affair .
( Hopefully no one will ever even know my new mobile number , since I hope to go completely Google Voice from here on in . )
Speaking of , setting up this phone in general was dead - easy .
You simply sign into your Google account on the phone and instantly your contacts , email , calendar , and Google Voice calls / history are on the phone–no syncing or importing necessary .
The only reason why I connected it to my computer was to take screenshots for this post , and later , to move some music onto it .
I ’m still very much on the Nexus One / Android 2.1 honeymoon , but I do have two minor gripes .
First , you still ca n’t take screenshots on the device itself .
WTF .
( I had to jump through a bunch of developer hoops just to get screen caps for this post . )
And second , I ’ve accidentally tapped the Nexus One ’s search and home buttons while reaching for the spacebar on the touch keyboard more than twice .
The touch keyboard in general is going to take some getting used to .
So , what have I missed or glossed over when it comes to Android 2.1 ?
Tell me what else is worth looking at .
The Rbmake Project
Rbmake is a " book maker " for the Rocket eBook .
It consists of a set of commandline tools that assemble or disassemble .rb files -- the book format that is native to the ReB .
The C code also contains a library of routines that can be linked into other applications .
Rbmake is being hosted at sourceforge.net , so feel free to visit its project page .
There you 'll find the links you need to download the source or binaries , report bugs , and chat on the mailing list .
Also , feel free to check out the ChangeLog file or to email the author .
I 'd love to hear from people who'd like to help out , or are just enjoying the tools .
Authoring Tips
If you 're creating content for the Rocket eBook , you should check out the new Authoring Tips page .
This will help you to get the most out of rbmake in those times when you want to take full control of the tags .
New Features
If you 're just trying to see what 's new , be sure to visit the tools page to see a few of the new things that various tools can do .
The newest items will always be on the top of the list of features .
Also , do n't miss the sample option files that show off some of the advanced configuration features of rbmake .
If you 're installing the Win32 zip files , all the relevant EXEs are already supplied for you in one zip file : w32-rbmake -1.2.zip .
Unzip this into a single directory , and put that directory on your PATH ( or choose a directory that is already on your path ) and you 're done .
The source and rpm releases require the presence of a couple other packages for you to be able to build and / or install rbmake .
If you are installing the binary rpm , all the relevant dependencies will be checked automatically for you , especially the first item in the following list :
Required
These items are needed for both the binary and source distributions .
You need a reasonably recent version of libxml2 : at least version 2.3.1 .
You can download libxml2 from www.xmlsoft.org, or run a query for libxml2 ( and perhaps libxm l2 - devel ) at rpmfind .
net .
The pcre ( Perl - Compatible Regular Expressions ) library is required for various text - rewriting features of the library and its tools .
Either search for it at rpmfind .
net or visit the pcre web site and download the source tar from there .
The zlib is also required to be able to handle the file compression .
Most " modern " OSs already have this available .
If you can't track it down , it is available from the infozip ftp site and can be easily found via an rpmfind .
net search .
Suggested
These items are optional if you build your own version from source .
If you get one of my binary releases , you need to install binary versions of these to get the rpm to install .
If you want to be able to include images in the books , we use the image libraries libpng and libjpeg to read and ( in the case of libpng ) write image info ( a GIF reader is built into the source ) .
If you do n't have libpng installed , rbmake wo n't be able to do any image processing .
If you do n't have libjpeg installed , you wo n't be able to import any .jpg images .
If you plan to build rbmake ( or rbmake - using tools ) , you 'll need to install the " devel " version of these packages .
Most modern OSes have these libraries installed already , but you can find them easily enough by doing a search at rpmfind .
net .
Optional
The following item is not currently used in my binary releases , and has not been used by me in quite some time ( let me know if you encounter any problems ) :
If you have the W3 C 's libwww installed , rbmake will choose to use that library to fetch the web pages ( as it can fetch several web pages in parallel ) .
Without this , rbmake just uses the simple HTTP support that is present in libxml2 .
Documentation
You can read about the commandline tools , the library interface , or a summary of how the .rb file is put together .
Also available is the rbmake documentation pages in .rb book format .
Rbmake was created by Wayne Davison with some hashing code written by Geoffrey Collyer and some image routines written by Jef Poskanzer .
See the license information for more detailed copyright info .
Another Blackwater employee involved in the case , Jeremy P. Ridgeway , previously pleaded guilty to charges stemming from the shootings and was cooperating with prosecutors .
A Justice Department spokesman , Dean Boyd , said no decision had been made about whether to appeal the judge ’s ruling .
“ We ’re still in the process of reviewing the opinion and considering our options , ” Mr. Boyd said .
But Judge Urbina ’s scathing and detailed review of the ways that crucial evidence and witnesses had been tainted by exposure to the defendants ’ early statements  or to news media accounts based on them  appears likely to complicate any effort to ask an appeals court to overturn his opinion or to bring a new prosecution by a different legal team using any untainted evidence .
Daniel C. Richman , a former federal prosecutor who teaches criminal law at Columbia University , said that it was rare to have a judge issue a lengthy opinion at a pretrial stage .
While cautioning that he had not read the opinion , he said that rulings like this one , consisting heavily of factual findings rather than merely legal interpretation , were “ hard to challenge on appeal . ”
The guards could not be prosecuted under Iraqi law because of an immunity agreement that had been signed by the Coalition Provisional Authority , the governing authority installed by the United States after the invasion of Iraq .
But American prosecutors knew from the beginning that they were facing a difficult task in bringing the case .
Complications included the applicability of federal statutes to the guards because they were working overseas at the time for the State Department , and the significant problem stemming from statements the guards gave shortly after the shootings .
The guards had been told by State Department investigators that they could be fired if they did not talk about the case , but that whatever they said would not be used against them in any criminal proceeding .
Nevertheless , Judge Urbina found that “ in their zeal to bring charges , ” investigators and prosecutors had extensively used those statements , disregarding “ the warning of experienced , senior prosecutors ” that “ the course of action threatened the viability of prosecution . ”
New Energy " Bomb " Disinfects Water without Chemicals
January 12th , 2010 by Tina Casey
Chemical treatment is becoming a less desirable way to provide safe drinking water , and water professionals have been searching for a less expensive , more reliable and more sustainable method of killing pathogens .
Cavitation Technologies , Inc. has come up with one solution .
The company ’s new process uses mechanical and electrical systems to blow the little bugs to smithereens .
[ social_buttons ]
The company ’s CaviGulation reactor sounds like a piece of equipment that would be at home in Frankenstein ’s lab .
It delivers up a complex set of reactions based on kinetic energy , chemical , electro- chemical , and hydrodynamic principles .
The result : a water disinfection process that ’s 1,000 times more effective than conventional systems .
The Problem with Chemicals and Water Treatment
Chlorine and ozone have been used as disinfectants for many years , but they are not entirely up to conforming with strict new water quality regulations .
Pathogens like lamblii and cryptosporidium can be resistant , for example .
In addition , no matter how effective they are , chemicals are commodities that are subject to market forces , and those forces came into play with a vengeance in the last decade , when a commodities boom lead to crippling price spikes and shortages .
Water utilities scrambled for supplies and even rich nations were affected .
The lesson was learned : public water treatment needs more reliability and predictability than the chemical market can offer .
Cavitation and the CaviGulator
Because it uses a mechanical process , the CaviGulator is not without issues , primarily the problem of fuel supply .
In combination with solar energy or other sustainable power sources , the system has clear advantages over chemical treatment .
For one thing , it practically erases the carbon footprint involved in manufacturing , transporting and administering chemicals .
The CaviGulator acts by creating a tremendous force consisting of pressure , vacuum , kinetic impact , electrical field , and sonic waves , along with hydrodynamic cavitation ( the formation of vapor bubbles leading to shock waves ) .
As water passes through chambers in the reactor , microorganisms are literally shattered into pieces .
More Chemical - Free Water Treatment
Cavitatition Technologies joins a growing list of water treatment processes that are giving chemicals the heave ho .
Ultraviolet disinfection has been growing in use , and there is even a low - tech version that can disinfect water in a used soda bottle .
High tech nanomembranes and sonic devices are two other promising technologies that are coming into play .
Image : Water fountain by joshme on flickr.com
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Pulled From The Rubble 6 Days After Earthquake Because Of Husband 's Unwavering Love
Back Click to print this page Because your browser does not support Javascript or Javascript has been disabled .
Please use the browser`s print button to print this window .
KEVIN RUDD has warned that the states are being ' ' overwhelmed ' ' by rising health costs as he gears up for an election fight over an overhaul of hospital funding .
Citing figures from the coming third intergenerational report , the Prime Minister said yesterday health spending was set to swamp the public purse and he sought to pave the way for a battle with the states over control of funding .
He singled out NSW , where the Treasury estimates spending will more than double over 22 years to 55 per cent of the budget .
'' Rapidly rising health costs create a real risk - absent [ of ] major policy change - state governments will be overwhelmed by their rising health spending obligations , '' he said in a speech in Sydney .
'' Without reform , states ' ability to provide the services they currently provide will be significantly strained .
That is why 2010 must be and will be a year of major health reform . ''
Mr Rudd is under pressure to fulfil his election pledge to seek a mandate for a federal takeover of hospital funding if states fail to meet healthcare benchmarks .
Within the flood of video games that get released each year , there are a few that do n’t quite make it .
Referred to as “ vaporware , ” these games have such a large and loyal fanbase but are ultimately shelved due to budget constraints or other “ internal issues . ”
Others we do n’t even know about until it ’s too late .
Below are ten games we feel would ’ve been great if they had survived their development woes .
Freelancer 2 | Xbox 360
The original Freelancer is one of the best space - combat sims for the PC , and it too suffered a few development mishaps but was ultimately released in March of 2003 .
A sequel was planned for the Xbox 360 and was in development for quite some time , consisting of several Wing Commander veterans ( the original Freelancer was considered an unofficial follow up to Wing Commander : Privateer ) .
The game would ’ve seen Edison Trent attempt to find out the truth about the mystery of the space station disaster he survived whilst alluding some shadowy groups .
Why are n’t we playing it now ?
Unfortunately in late January of 2006 Digital Anvil were no more , thanks to Microsoft redeploying its developers over to Microsoft Game Studios , which also took any games Digital Anvil had to the grave with them .
Although the original Freelancer was a great space - combit sim , perhaps it ’s for the better that its sequel did n’t end up on a console .
B.C. | Xbox
B.C. would ’ve been a third - person action - adventure game developed by Lionhead Studios for the original Xbox that pitted humans against dinosaurs in a fight for survival .
Think of Turok , only more … primitive .
Players would ’ve had to make their own weapons and tools from what they found laying around and with naturally occurring materials , while also lead a tribe to advance your technology .
Early previews praised the game ’s AI , showing dinosaurs that worked together who acted independently of the player .
Why are n’t we playing it now ?
Update : I guess I missed this quote from Molynuex back in 2008 :
“ We ’re not saying it ’s never going to come out .
Currently it ’s still on the shelf , but so many people ask about it and I find it absolutely fascinating that they do , because in a way some people here and at Microsoft said , ‘ You know , we just do n’t quite understand what the BC game ’s all about . ’
But everybody seems so enthusiastic about it .
It really fascinates me . ”
Perhaps we ’ll see the game after all …
Surprise !
Lionhead Studios canceled it in 2003 after seven years of development .
Molynuex stated “ the ambitious nature of the gameplay and the high standards the people developing it are pushing for ” when asked about its cancellation .
Cry On | Xbox 360
The Xbox 360 has an obvious lack of ( notable ) RPG games , and the cancellation of Mistwalker ’s ( in collaboration with AQ Interactive ) Cry On certainly did n’t help .
Final Fantasy creator Hironobu Sakaguchi originally planned to make three RPGs for the Xbox 360 : Lost Odyssey , Blue Dragon , and Cry On. Cry On would ’ve had players control the character Sally , who worked through scenarios that promised an emotional response .
It took place in a world where people live amongst giant sand creatures , with Sally having one as her sidekick named Bogle .
Why are n’t we playing it now ?
“ AQI decided to cancel the project after analyzing the current market environment and forecasts for the future .
We deeply apologize for troubling those who were awaiting its release ” .
Worse yet ?
The cancellation was announced on Christmas .
Ouch .
Tribes Extreme | PC
I doubt many of you will remember Tribes Extreme unless you were an avid Tribes player back in the late 90’s .
Extreme was a single - player campaign for the original Tribes which was multiplayer - only ( save for tutorial missions ) , and would ’ve been sold as a stand - alone game .
There were n’t any new vehicles or weapons , simply the first game with a campaign that allowed players to fight against bots .
One cool thing about Extreme is that it would ’ve featured online co-op with either humans versus the AI , or both humans and AI fighting together against a team of AI .
The game would ’ve also included new multiplayer content for tournaments .
Why are n’t we playing it now ?
Creating a single - player campaign was a bit harder than Dynamix originally thought .
At the time they were also developing Tribes 2 , so when they looked at both projects they had to make a decision :
Which was most promising in the long run ?
Tribes Extreme , at that time , just was n’t worth all the trouble .
In December of 1999 they abandoned it and shifted all their focus to Tribes 2 and its campaign .
Freedom Fighters 2 | PC , Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3
The original Freedom Fighters was one of the best games for the previous generation .
In it , you took on the role of Christopher Stone , and evolved from an average New Yorker into a fearless patriot who recruits and leads an army of freedom fighters in the streets of New York City .
You gained points for rescuing prisoners or capturing key installations , with the number of prisoners you can recruit depending on charisma .
Why are n’t we playing it now ?
Simply put : it ’s been put on hold .
IO Interactive originally planned to release the game in 2005 .
However , thanks to development on Kane and Lynch it was pushed aside .
In 2007 IO Interactive stated the game is still on the company ’s ‘ to - do ’ list , so you never know .
GoldenEye 007 XBLA | Xbox 360 , Nintendo Wii
This game needs no description .
It ’s friggin’ GoldenEye !
While the original has n’t aged very well , gamers were hoping to see a port of it coming to XBLA and Wii when it was announced that both Microsoft and Nintendo had plans to release it on their consoles .
Why are n’t we playing it now ?
Neither Microsoft or Nintendo could come to an agreement when it came to finances .
Nintendo was the one who originally mentioned interest in porting the game over to the Virtual Console , but since Rare is now owned by Microsoft things just did n’t mesh well .
It was reported the game had been in development for several months , so it may very well be done for all we know .
Bastards …
Duke Nukem Forever | PC , Xbox 360
Much like GoldenEye , Duke Nukem Forever does n’t really need a description .
And honestly , no list about vaporware would be complete without it .
The game ’s been “ in development ” since 1997 intended to be a sequel to 1996 ’s Duke Nukem 3D .
3D Realms released a few screenshots over the years here and there , but nothing substantial on the game was revealed .
A new Duke Nukem title called “ D - Day ” has recently been teased however .
Whether or not it ’s related to Duke Nukem Forever is yet to be seen .
Why are n’t we playing it now ?
It basically comes down to changes to the engine and the franchise being transferred from company to company .
Plus , that whole lawsuit thing probably did n’t help either .
Starcraft : Ghost | Xbox , PlayStation 3 , Gamecube
Starcraft : Ghost followed Nova , a Terran psychic espionage operative and was set four years after the conclusion of StarCraft : Brood War .
It covered a conspiracy about a secretive military project conducted by Nova ’s superiors in the imperial Terran Dominion .
As Nova you could cloak yourself to become invisible while also being equipped with thermal imaging goggles and a special EMP device for disabling electronic devices and vehicles .
Why are n’t we playing it now ?
In March of 2006 , Blizzard Entertainment announced an indefinite postponement on development of Ghost while the company explored new options with the emerging seventh generation of video game consoles .
Although Blizzard has yet to release Ghost , we may get to experience something very similar to it in StarCraft II , thanks to a new third - person aspect coming to the game .
Star Wars : Battlefront III
Battlefront III ’s development is a bit tricky because it was never officially announced .
Instead , many assume it to be the “ Secret LucasArts Project ” on Free Radical ’s design website .
In July of 2008 it was listed on Amazon.com to come out for the PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 and PSP on March 15 2009 , but it was eventually removed .
Then in December of 2008 character renders surfaced from a laid off employee of Free Radical , and included a Starwars : Battlefront III watermark .
Since then more and more leaked renders and artwork have been released , leaving many gamers wondering just what the hell is going on with the game .
Why are n’t we playing it now ?
In October of 2008 , Free Radical Design announced that they had lost the rights to develop Star Wars : Battlefront III after being acquired by game developer Crytek .
The latest rumor is that Rebellion Studios are now developing the game , but again , just rumors .
We may get our first official look at the game at this year ’s Spike VGAs according to a recent tweet from Geoff Keighly .
There may be hope after all .
Perfect Dark 2
Like Battlefront III , Perfect Dark 2 was never officially announced .
Rare had begun work on the game in 2007 , but by late - 2007 it was never greenlighted .
It merely served as a prototype for an upcoming first - person shooter by Rare for Natal .
Why are n’t we playing it now ?
Mainly because it was never given the greelight , and the development team was eventually cut down to just three guys .
Shame …
Honorable mentions :
' Man has lost the ­capacity to ­foresee and forestall , " wrote Albert Schweitzer .
A colossal banking crisis and a big freeze in the middle of what was meant to be a mild winter do n't encourage confidence to the contrary .
Reassurance is fine as long as it's well founded .
And in the midst of fears about gas supplies and the panic buying of food Gordon Brown is hardly likely to scream that we are all doomed .
It is , after all , his job to tell us that all will be well .
But will it ?
People were shocked at the scale of social breakdown when Hurricane Katrina revealed a long - term , creeping erosion of civic resilience .
Are we just waking up to the fact that several wrong turns have left our essential supplies much more vulnerable than they need to be ?
In 2004 Britain ceased to be able to meet its energy needs domestically .
Since then our dependence on imports , particularly of natural gas , has risen dramatically .
The situation can only worsen as gas is subject to the same iron law of depletion as oil , and its moment of peak production lags not far behind .
Similarly , Britain 's ability to feed itself has been in long - term decline , and food prices are reportedly rising in the cold spell .
It was only two years ago that droughts in Australia caused a crisis in world grain supplies ; in April 2008 food crises affected at least 37 countries and there were related riots in many .
As climate change and volatile oil prices destabilise global agriculture , we are becoming more dependent on food and energy imports just as the geopolitics of both make it less likely that the world will generously meet our needs .
This year is the 10th anniversary of the fuel protests , when supermarket bosses sat with ministers and civil servants in Whitehall warning that there were just three days of food left .
We were , in effect , nine meals from anarchy .
Suddenly , the apocalyptic visions of novelists and film - makers seemed less preposterous .
Civilisation 's veneer may be much thinner than we like to think .
Part of the problem lies in the infrastructure that emerges from a market system focused on narrow cost savings .
The result is easily disrupted just - in - time supermarket food supply lines , and a risky assumption that anything we need can easily be bought on global markets .
The latter becomes problematic when in response to global shortages , governments around the world understandably choose to meet their domestic needs first .
In Britain , not only are our strategic fuel reserves low by international comparison , our strategic food reserves are history .
One response to the vulnerability revealed in 2008 has been the rise of the so - called land grab .
Several wealthy countries and companies have targeted up to 20 m hectares of productive farmland in poor countries for acquisition and control .
In Madagascar , public outcry led to the government 's fall .
As a child I was quietly haunted by Doris Lessing 's book The Memoirs of a Survivor .
Society had broken down , and people were on the move , displaced amid an increasingly brutal disorder .
The presiding government was useless but just about able to " adjust itself to events , while pretending probably even to itself that it initiated them " .
Events are revealing that many of the things we take for granted , like bank accounts , fuel and food , are vulnerable .
If we value civilisation , the litmus test for economic success should not be short - term profitability , but resilience in the face of climatic extremes and resource shortages .
When Gordon Brown meets Cobra , the civil contingencies committee , this week , item one should be the transition to a more sustainable food and energy system .
In an unexpected show of defiance , Afghan lawmakers Saturday rejected 17 of President Hamid Karzai ’s 24 nominees for Cabinet posts , including a powerful warlord .
Afghanistan ’s political scene has been in a state of shambles for months , as the Obama administration prepares for one of the biggest and fastest troop buildups of the conflict , which is in its ninth year .
About 30,000 more U.S. troops are to be deployed in Afghanistan this year , and senior commanders have said the buildup will be crucial in 2010 to halt the growing momentum of the Taliban - led insurgency .
Karzai , embarking on a second five - year term in office , had named his Cabinet picks last month .
After several weeks of delays , his choices finally came up for a confirmation vote Saturday .
When Karzai first unveiled his lineup , it drew a disappointed reaction from lawmakers who believed that the Afghan leader had missed a chance for sweeping reforms , retaining many old faces from his previous government .
However , Western diplomats had refrained from strong public objections , in part because they approved of some of Karzai nominations for positions considered crucial to the war effort and to the disbursement of millions of dollars in development aid .
Under heavy international pressure over corruption in his government , Karzai also jettisoned two ministers who were embroiled in major money scandals .
Advertisement
Of the nominees rejected by parliament in complicated , daylong secret balloting , the most prominent was Ismail Khan , a onetime militia leader who runs what amounts to a fiefdom in the west of the country .
He had been tapped by Karzai to serve a second term as energy minister .
Khan , whose nomination was opposed by Western diplomats and human rights organizations , was one of a group of rival warlords who fought a bloody civil war in the early 1990s .
The chaos helped pave the way for the rise of the Taliban movement .
Saturday ’s rebuke by lawmakers deepens the political disarray that took hold in August in the wake of a fraud - marred presidential vote .
Karzai was eventually declared the winner , but it was a drawn - out and bruising battle .
Ultimately , about one - third of the ballots cast for him were invalidated , but he avoided a runoff vote when his main competitor , former Foreign Minister Abdullah Abdullah , dropped out , declaring that he did not believe the vote would be fair .
Advertisement
Karzai , increasingly unpopular in recent years as public anger has grown over government fraud and incompetence , emerged from the electoral contest beholden to a number of warlord - like figures such as Khan , who could deliver votes in parts of the country where they hold sway .
The battle over the Cabinet coincides with another thorny political problem .
Karzai appears to be on a collision course with the international community over the timing of parliamentary elections .
The Afghan Constitution mandates that the vote be held before the end of May , and the country ’s election commission -- whose head is appointed by Karzai -- on Saturday set May 22 as the election date .
But Western officials and election monitoring groups , still reeling from the disastrous August vote , have suggested that the international community will refuse to help pay for the parliamentary vote unless fundamental electoral reforms take place first .
The presidential election cost about $ 220 million , with virtually the entire cost borne by foreign donors .
laura.king@latimes.com
UFC Fight Night 20 : Maynard vs Diaz ( Main Card )
… and the Zuffa fight train just keeps on rolling .
Fresh off of last night ’s WEC 46 and UFC 108 a little over a week ago , tonight ’s UFC Fight Night : Maynard vs. Diaz will be the outfit ’s 3rd televised card in 9 days , taking place at George Mason University ’s Patriot Center in Fairfax , VA ( Ed note :
To the aficionadi , please ignore the following note .
To the new or uninitiated , if you want to see another good MMA show , Ultimate Warrior Challenge ( UWC ) usually fights out of the Patriot Center and holds cards every couple of months .
Check ‘ em out and support local / regional MMA ) .
Since all fighters made weight as of yesterday afternoon , let ’s hope the UFC 108 curse , which has already spilled a little onto the UFC 109 card , does not claim anyone by tonight .
Before I jinx anything , let ’s get to the main card :
Gray Maynard vs. Nate Diaz
The main event , Gray Maynard vs. Nate Diaz is not only a grudge match , but may hold lightweight title shot implications should Maynard pull out the victory .
Now , I only say “ grudge ” since Diaz subbed Maynard during season 5 of The Ultimate Fighter , knocking him out of the tournament .
I also only say “ may ” hold title shot implications since rumors are swirling that BJ Penn may defend his belt next ( read : dismantle ) against Frankie Edgar , despite his loss to Maynard , at UFC 112 in Abu Dhabi .
Maynard ’s literally wrestled his way to a 9 - 0 - 1 record and riding a five fight winning streak , most recently against Roger Huerta and Jim Miller , while Diaz beat Melvin Guilliard at FN19 last September .
Maynard is the favorite , but I ’d be careful if I was him .
He ’s great at dictating the pace with his wrestling , but taking it to the ground may give Diaz the opportunity to put his Gracie - bred jiu - jitsu background to good use .
Still , I give it to Maynard on this .
Jay ’s pick : Maynard via decision
Floyd Mayweather is afraid of soiling his perfect record so his fight with Manny Pacquaio has been cancelled / postponed .
Apparently , Escudero & Dunham do n’t have that problem as they ’ve agreed to risk each of their undefeated records .
Do not adjust your computer screens .
I really did just compare one of the biggest boxers on the planet to two relative unknowns fighting on a Monday Night UFC Spike card .
Ludicrous ?
Yes .
Absurd ?
Yes .… though Escudero showed improved striking in his win over Jim Miller , Dunham wo n’t go down without a fight and I do n’t see Escudero putting him away in quite the same fashion .
I still do , however , seeing Dunham going 9 - 1 after tonight .
Jay pick : Escudero via submission , R3
Tom Lawlor vs. Aaron Simpson
Do n’t worry .
No way I can make any bombastic comparisons to boxing megastars in this fight .
Both Lawlor and Simpson come into this fight on winning streaks , with Lawlor subbing CB Dolloway at UFC 100 and Simpson ( technically ) knocking out Ed Herman at UFC 102 .
“ The Filthy Mauler ” ( Lawlor ) is another TUF alum on the card with a solid wrestling background and submission skills to boot .
Simpson nullifies the wrestling with his own skill set , but will try to keep it standing given that all six of his victories have been finished via TKO / KO .
Lawlor ’s tough , but I think Simpson is smart to not take it to the ground and will meet stuff the takedown attempts before putting him away .
Jay pick : Simpson via TKO , R2
In continuing with Fight Night ’s continuing TUF reunions theme , season 7 winner Amir Sadollah , coming off his decision victory over Phil Baroni , takes on the more experienced Blackburn , an IFL vet currently on a three - fight winning streak while in the UFC .
Sadollah rebounded from getting smoked in 29 seconds by Johnny Hendrick at UFC 101 by winning a unianimous decision against Phil Baroni at UFC 106 .
Blackburn does n’t seem to have the best conditioning ( neither did Baroni ) , but will hopefully make up for it with experience and some solid hands .
With a pretty close line ( - 130 Sadollah , + 160 Blackburn ) , I ’m torn on this one .
If Sadollah can survive the first round and a half , he can put away Blackburn late with his great muay thai or grind out a decision .
If his fight against Hendrick is any indicator , however , his chin can get tagged by Blackburn ’s heavy strikes and it could be a short night .
I like Sadollah as a fighter and ambassador for the sport , but for the sake of amusement , I ’ll go with Blackburn .
Jay pick : Blackburn via TKO , R1 ( Ed note : I would n’t bet your mortgage on this one .
This is a “ fun ” pick )
Two Final Quick Notes :
1 ) Chris Leben .
You headlined a PPV in ’08 and were on the main card of a great event in ’09 .
You lost both and are now on the UNDERCARD of a Fight Night .
Come on , man .
Get in touch with your inner crazy .
2 ) Fight Night 20 goes head - to - head with the Mike Tyson - hosted WWE RAW .
Not exactly Monday Night Wars .
Place your UFC bets on BetUs.com by clicking here .
New Items Marked Down !
Shop the UFC Sale at the UFC Store .
Order a Silver Star Rashad Evans Men ’s
Tee by clicking here .
Order the UFC : Ultimate 100 Greatest Fights DVD set by clicking here .
( Visited 41 times , 1 visits today )
Eric G. Eric is the owner and editor - in - chief of the Camel Clutch Blog .
Eric has worked in the pro wrestling industry since 1995 as a ring announcer in ECW and a commentator / host on television , PPV , and home video .
Eric also hosted Pro Wrestling Radio on terrestrial radio from 1998 - 2009 .
Check out some of Eric 's work on his IMDB bio and Wikipedia .
Eric has an MBA from Temple University 's Fox School of Business .
More Posts - Website Follow Me :
This feature was originally published in PC Gamer early last Summer – I republish it here , slightly revised and updated , as it ’s a few of the indie names we ’ve mentioned often on RPS – 2D Boy , Solium Infernum ’s Vic Davis , Edmund McMillen … – talking about what drives , defines and binds the independent development community , and why it ’s on such a roll at the moment .
It ’s also a love letter to a form of gaming and imagineering only the PC can offer .
What is indie ?
It ’s a term so overused , in everything from music to movies to comics and , of course , games that it ’s almost lost its meaning .
“ Independent ” is the untruncated form , of course – but , by that token , Valve are indie .
Is that a term that can sit comfortably around a multi-million dollar studio that juggles multiple franchises at once ?
Or is indie more of a statement , a specific state and ethos , where profit and success play second fiddle to the unfettered creativity ?
Whatever it really means , one thing is overwhelmingly clear – the PC is the home of indie gaming .
From hyper-violent Flash shooters on Newgrounds , to experimental fare like the Path that stretches the very definition of ‘ game ’ , and everything in between , you ’re hard - pushed to stumble aimlessly across the internet without finding some delightful obscurity .
And yet , even the folk making these games do n’t agree on an all - encompassing definition .
2D Boy ’s Ron Carmel ( creators of World of Goo ) , for instance , sums it up thusly : “ I think that when a developer , be it an individual or a team , values design over profit , they produce an indie game .
In theory , you could have a team of 50 people create an indie game , but in reality , if a company needs to pay salaries to 50 people they most likely are very careful with budgeting and scheduling and design might need to take a back seat a lot of the time .
One exception to this rule is Valve .
They have fairly large teams and release nothing but gems .
I would n’t say Valve is an indie studio , but I think they embody the spirit .
If it is n’t awesome , they wo n’t release it . ”
However , Dylan Fitterer , the brain behind surprise smash - hit Audiosurf , believes it ’s about scale rather than intent :
“ It just means games made on the cheap .
I kind of do n’t like that because many games can come under that definition and not be interesting at all .
I ’d rather think of indie games as those made through experimentation that tightly focus on a new concept .
It seems to work out though because inexpensive games need to make their mark somehow .
It wo n’t be with hordes of content or amazing polish , so it has to be with new gameplay . ”
Edmund McMillen , one of the crazily inventive madmen behind Independent Games Festival grand prize - winner Gish , and currently working on Super Meat Boy and No Quarter , has a different take still : “ Well , to me an indie game would be a self funded video game with a small team of 2 - 3 people where the designer (s ) have complete control over the project in every aspect .
I guess indie gaming would be the scene of people who are into playing those games . ”
Vic Davis , aka CrypticComet , and responsible for perhaps our favourite turn - based strategy game of 2007 , Armageddon Empires , and our favourite turn - based strategy game of 2009 , Solium Infernum , has a more esoteric definition : “ Indie means freedom pure and simple .
It ’s the freedom to be your own boss and chart your own course .
It ’s exhilarating frankly to have almost no constraints on you besides the consequences of failure .
It ’s the freedom the internet provides to cut out the middle man and own the customer yourself .
It means that you can take risks that the big developers can’t afford to take .
Indie to me means that you grab your surf board and ride the “ Long Tail ” as far as it will take you . ”
Differing takes they may be , but a common belief shines through : freedom and control are more important than commerciality .
McMillen is a stand - out example of that .
This is , after all , a man who infamously devised a game called C*nt , a shmup centered around attacking monsterised , anthropromorphised ladyparts – purely because he could .
“ Indie development is still kinda all over the place – everyone has a different definition of what being indie means and what they believe indie games should focus on .
We all seem to have very different goals , but I ’d like to think we all have an understanding of what advantages we have over the mainstream being indie and use them .
Basically I think we all try and take big risks when it comes to innovation , content and theme that a mainstream studio would n’t ever be ok with getting behind . ”
Which brings up the issue of who that “ we ” is .
Clearly , indie developers are scattered all over the world , but specific communities have sprung up .
Perhaps the most interesting is the US fraternity that McMillen is a part of – also comprising folks like 2D Boy , hyper - profilic one - man experimental developer Cactus and designer / blogger Derek Yu ( involved with indie faves Aquaria and Spelunky ) .
Were you to visit , say , the Independent Games Festival at GDC , you ’d find a lot of these guys hanging out together .
“ I personally talk to all the hipsters in our little scene , ” says McMillen .
“ I think it ’s important as an artist to have an understanding of where everyone ’s coming from .
I ’ve recently realized that the most valuable thing you can have in life is perspective , and that ’s something you cant make up in your head without personal experience or a good understanding on how others view and understand things .
It ’s very inspiring to talk to other artists about their work .
It ’s a huge motivator to see others doing what I ’m doing , it ’s very validating to talk to someone with your same interests and bounce ideas back and forth , that ’s probably why I enjoy working with so many different people . ”
That ’s a profound difference between indie and mainstream gaming – ad - hoc communities coming up with a constant torrent of absurd and wonderful new ideas and egging each other on , as opposed to offices of desk jockeys slaving away a contracted project .
“ I do feel like there ’s a shared current we ’re all drifting on ” says Ron Carmel , “ and there ’s a sense of togetherness in being the underdogs of the game industry .
Maybe one day we ’ll overthrow EA and ActiBlizzard and a new generation of underdogs will come to kick our butts into extinction .
That would make me happy .
I recently found out that when EA started out , they were all about treating the game developer as an artist and giving them photo credit on the box , much like musicians being promoted as the stars by record companies .
Goes to show you , everything has a half - life , and eventually , everything turns to lead . ”
The other half of 2D Boy , Kyle Gabler supports the idea of a close - knit indie community .
“ : Almost all the indie developers seem to know each other , brought together by sites like TIGsource , indiegames , and the common desire to suffer together and hopefully make good stuff without cash .
It ’s like in the end of Speed when Keanu tells Sandra that they might just like each other because horrible situations bring people together .
I got to go to Sweden last week to hang with some of the scary talented Swedish indie kids , and luckily our common indie goals and understandings to grow curly mustaches translates across all languages , races , and cultures . ”
Still , while it ’s tempting to think there ’s this New Brat Pack of independent developers who hang out at all the right parties , indie is much , much bigger than that , made of very different people with very different attitudes and lifestyles .
Take Vic Davis , who unlike the scattergun approach of a McMillen or Cactus , works solo on huge projects , far away from that US scene .
“ I honestly can’t imagine something like that .
Hip is not a word that you would ever associate with me .
I ’m actually the closest you will get to anti-hip .
I mean come on , I play war games , board games , still read comic books ( they ’re graphic novels ! ) and love to make Star Wars references even though I thought the last 3 films were pretty bad .
Besides like somebody famous once said , I would never join a club that would have me as a member . ”
Something else that differs from indie dev to indie dev is their ultimate intentions from their career , but what is shared is a love of making games .
“ Audiosurf has been selling really well and that ’s been awesome , ” says Dylan Fitterer , “ but I ’m not sure that kind of success is a useful goal .
I was always happy to build Audiosurf even if nobody ever bought it . ”
Edmund McMillen has n’t yet enjoyed that kind of success , hence the upcoming Wii release of Super Meat Boy – but he does n’t want to abandon his regular esoteric output .
“ At this point in my life I need to prove my worth and at least attempt to take a crack at a mainstream release .
If I want to continue to make whatever I want , sadly , I need money to do so .
Bringing my work to the mainstream might be the best way to fund my more ambitious and risky projects .
2D Boy , meanwhile , want to stay the hell away from the mainstream .
“ We both realize working for large enormo - cash studios would be a bad idea , ” reckons Kyle Gabler , who was also partially responsible for the recently - revived Experimental Gameplay Project – itself the origin of World of Goo predecessor Tower of Goo , and which was instrumental in revealing indie to a larger audience .
Gabler took a job at Maxis after the success of the EGP , but left soon after to found 2D Boy .
“ Limited resources have always forced us and other indie developers to be more creative , and to think really hard about everything that goes into a game .
If we had “ money ” and “ people ” propping us up , we ’d probably make a 3d platformer , and your guy has muscles , and angry face , and lots of angry polygons . ”
No interest in escalating the scale and scope of your games then ?
“ No way , ” says Ron Carmel , “ that would be the kiss of death .
The reason indie games can do well is because we DON ’T try to compete with the big boys .
We need to play a different game in order to win . ”
“ There ’s always pressure to try and one - up yourself , ” adds Gabler , “ which might be smart to ignore .
In the near future , we ’re on a quest to return to our roots , and make some little toys Experimental Gameplay style that are small and fun , that have no ambition of being big and slick .
We ’ll post them online if they are n’t too horrible . ”
Cryptic Comet ’s Vid Davis feels similarly : “ If anything I plan on mastering my tendency to slide into massive “ scope creep ” and tighten up my games .
Armageddon Empires and my next game Solium Infernum are really massive undertakings for a one man team like me .
I outsource the art and music but the design , coding and project management is a huge burden .
AE had over 250 thousand lines of code without comments .
Solium Infernum is already larger and I ’m still working on the AI .
The combined development time is going to be over 5 years .
But in my opinion it ’s the design that is going to sell my games .
I make a real effort to offer artwork , illustrations and music that enhance the experience but in the end the goal is to stimulate the player ’s brain .
It ’s the “ one more turn ” feeling that you have to evoke . ”
Which brings up one of the other major issues around indie games : how do you let me people know about your game if you do n’t have the promotional clout of a major publisher behind you ?
Well , ideally the internet does the work for you .
“ We did OK with just word of mouth . ” , says Ron Carmel . “ We sold about 3,000 copies of the game as pre-orders and sales on our website have done really well for us and still bring in a good amount .
But there have been three promotional events that were huge for us .
One was Nintendo of America sending an email to everyone who has their Wii only saying “ Hey , check out World of Goo ! ” .
Another was the 75 % off sale we had on Steam .
And most recently , the MacHeist bundle .
Each of those generated massive , massive sales and without them we would probably have sold about half the number of copies that we did . ”
Edmund McMillen , meanwhile , tends to put in a bit more promotional elbow grease himself , but in characteristically oddball ways .
“ I try my best at promoting my work in anyway I can .
Honestly I do n’t know how important it is ..
I just do it because it ’s fun .
Like that Hitler meat boy ad [ see below ] – of course I put it out because I knew people would pick up on it .. and being indie what other options do i have for self promotion ?
I have no money .. so how do I get an ad for my game out to the masses ?
I simply say if you do n’t like the game you ’re like Hitler and tada - people post our ad on their websites .
Now at this point I have no idea if this will help sales – but I did it for the same reasons I make games , to entertain myself . ”
Dylan Fitterer also relies on third - party promotion .
“ Audiosurf was spreading way beyond my expectations before it was on Steam , but then being featured there gave it a big multiplier .
It ’s a little fuzzy though because Steam brings extra value to games – not just exposure .
For example , it ’s usually not Steam that first exposes games to me , but I do prefer to buy them there .
Also , it ’s gotten hard to tell what to call third - party promotion .
Online media coverage and online word of mouth are both blogs . ”
Cough .
Which in turn feed major websites and magazines – and eventually good folk like you get to hear about these incredible little games .
Vic Davis has a slightly different approach .
“ It ’s not that hard to stand out at all if you decide to seek out your own niche .
If you want to make an iPhone or casual match 3 / hidden object game then good luck with that .
In my case , the space that I am competing in is like one of those old west ghost towns .
Ten years ago there was a booming turn based strategy game genre .
Today not so much .
Turn based strategy games do n’t fit the blockbuster business model with the arguable exception of the Civ franchise .
My games are pretty complex and geeky though so my niche is even more restricted .
But that ’s my selling point and a way to stand out in the crowd .
I ’m going for the demographic that will read the manual eventually even if they are the type of player who first likes to sit down and just start clicking buttons . ”
So , it ’s simply an absurdly exciting and diverse time for the PC at the moment , and it ’s the number one reason why the endless doomsaying about the PC ’s future as a gaming platform is 100 % wrong .
But what brought about this new era of independent game - making ?
“ I think people have grown bored of being force fed the same old shit from the same old people over the years , ” opines McMillen .
“ My wife is an indie artist in the plush art scene and its having a similar boom these days as well .
We live in a world where everyone has access to everything , at this point when you want to see a movie you have about 15 ways of doing so with a few clicks of a mouse .
In a world where anyone can tap into the flood of mainstream crap with a click of the mouse people are desperate for something new , something fresh and exciting .
Do you want to spend 50 bucks on the next WW2 shooter ?
Or do you want to play a game where you control a bloody chunk of meat ?
The indie scene has something to offer that the mainstream will never have , it has heart and for the most part its honest pure and untainted by money .
Out of everything i think those are the qualities that bring people in . ”
Clearly , it also has developers capable of incredibly inspiring words .
Of course , there are practical reasons for the boom too .
“ I think it ’s a combination of chance and opportunity ” says Ron Carmel .
“ The opportunity is digital distribution .
The chance is that 2008 was a huge year for indies .
It saw a whole bunch of indie hits like Audiosurf , Braid , Eden , World of Goo , and Castle Crashers .
Most of these games have been years in the making , it ’s just chance that they all came out in the same year .
So I ’m guessing that this boom is smaller than people think .
I do n’t expect 2009 to be as big a year for indies as 2008 , but I do think that there ’s a growth trend in the indie scene , more people are entering the game industry by simply making games instead of getting game jobs .
You can see that by following the number of submissions to the IGF over the years . ”
Dylan Fitterer , meanwhile , points out another possible cause : “ I see a lot of players asking how games run on netbooks rather than wondering which GPU features they have .
Hardware advances and content quality have gotten less interesting .
Content improvements do n’t play to the strengths of gaming the way interactivity improvements do . ”
He ’s right , you know .
With almost any indie game , your PC ’s specs are pretty much irrelevant .
With a PC in every home , a flood of it - just - works games are inevitably going to pick up traction .
Guys like Dylan , like 2D Boy , Edmund McMillen and Vic Davis are changing PC gaming as we know it – evolving into something new and endlessly diverse , made from love and wonder rather than commerce .
And yet , at the same time we ’re going backwards – this a bigger , bolder return to the way home computers once were , when tiny teams free of publisher interference were releasing some new slice of crazy wonder every week .
The PC is the only free format , and thank heavens these guys – and the many thousands of other independent developers – are making the best of that for us .
Developers featured in this article :
Ron Carmel and Kyle Gabler , 2D Boy
World of Goo is their only game to date , but what an opening salvo it was .
You should also check out Kyle Gabler ’s Experiment Gameplay Project , in which the participants had to make a new game every 10 weeks .
Sadly a lot of the creations from its original run are long - gone , but it ’s now up and running again , with monthly competitions that have yielded some spectacular / spectacularly weird minigames .
More info
Edmund McMillen
Working with a vast array of collaborators , Edmund ’s super prolific .
Try everything from the experimental art of Coil to the bio-horror of C*nt or Spew to the sublime puzzle - platforming of Gish to the deeply personal , dreamlike Aether .
Better yet , give the guy some money and order A Cry For Help , a CD containing 10 years of his splendid , inventive , offensive , charming work .
More info
Dylan Fitterer , InvisibleHandlebar
The muso - delighting MP3 - playing racing / puzzle game Audiosurf is his only commercial work so far ( which he continues to update and expand on a regular basic ) , but he ’s got a host of smaller games behind him .
Check out his 7 - day Prototype games on his website , with titles including Sofa King Cool , Travis Must Die and Gothic Blocks .
More info
Vic Davis , Cryptic Comet
Post - apocalyptic strategy / trading card game ( and RPS fave ) Armageddon Empires was his first game as such , and in the last couple of months he ’s been wowing PC gamers with the epic follow - up , Solium Infernum – which casts you as an archfiend trying to win control of Hell .
You may have noticed Kieron mentioning it once or twice .
Before that , he came up with a series of interactive tour guide programs know as TravelBrains .
Oh , and he was also in the army .
Do n’t mess .
More info
Leaders of the pack : other indie superstars to watch
Home Why API Design Matters Michi Henning , Why API Design Matters , Communications of the ACM , May 2009 .
After more than 25 years as a software engineer , I still find myself underestimating the time it takes to complete a particular programming task .
Sometimes , the resulting schedule slip is caused by my own shortcomings : as I dig into a problem , I simply discover it is a lot more difficult than I initially thought , so the problem takes longer to solveâ € ” such is life as a programmer .
Just as often I know exactly what I want to achieve and how to achieve it , but it still takes far longer than anticipated .
When that happens , it is usually because I am struggling with an application programming interface ( API ) that seems to do its level best to throw rocks in my path and make my life difficult .
What I find telling is that , even after 25 years of progress in software engineering , this still happens .
Worse , recent APIs implemented in modern programming languages make the same mistakes as their 20 - year - old counterparts written in C .
There seems to be something elusive about API design that , despite years of progress , we have yet to master .
This is a rather accessible look at the consequences of bad API design .
Interestingly enough , the main example revolves around the inappropriate use of side effects .
The last section concludes with cultural changes the author feels is necessary to improve the situation .
Comment viewing options
Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
According to multiple music industry sources , Apple execs have met with the four major music labels about a possible free - of - charge music streaming service .
According to multiple sources in the music industry , Apple has been shopping around the idea of a streaming music service that would allow users the ability to back up and access their music from any Internet - connected device .
CNET writes that Apple sees the cloud - based streaming feature as a " value add " that could help to stimulate music download sales .
All indications point to the service being up and running as soon as spring of this year .
On Tuesday , Michael Robertson , 12 - year veteran of the digital music business and former CEO of MP3.com predicted that a cloud - based version of iTunes would soon be a reality :
" An upcoming major revision of iTunes will copy each user 's catalog to the net making it available from any browser or net connected ipod / touch / tablet , " he wrote .
" The Lala upload technology will be bundled into a future iTunes upgrade which will automatically be installed for the 100 + million iTunes users with a simple ' An upgrade is availableâ¦ ' notification dialog box . "
" After installation iTunes will push in the background their entire media library to their personal mobile iTunes area .
Once loaded , users will be able to navigate and play their music , videos and playlists from their personal URL using a browser based iTunes experience . "
In December , Apple purchased music streaming service Lala for $ 85 million .
It is believed that Apple will use the knowledge and technology gained from this acquisition in order to make the streaming music service a reality .
Apple has already leveraged some degree of Lala 's streaming tech , with 30 - second song samples being available on the iTunes Preview website , allowing users to view and listen to content available from the service without opening iTunes .
SO , SINCE THIS POST HAS BECOME FAIR GAME AS LONG AS THE COMMENTS ARE IN CAPS , DID FOX REALLY CANCEL DOLLHOUSE ?
I JUST FINISHED WATCHING THE FIRST SEASON AND THEN I READ THAT FOX CANCELED IT .
WHAT THE FUCK , ANOTHER JOSS WHEDON SHOW THAT FOX CANCELED .
THEY REALLY MUST HAVE IT OUT FOR THAT GUY .
Sony ’s strong performance in the back half of 2009 has raised some interesting discussions in the world of gaming .
In addition to the general feeling of smugness among Sony ’s die - hard fans it has caused many , presumably sane , people to start talking absolute rubbish .
I read an editorial piece this afternoon on a well known gaming website ( I wo n’t give it the traffic here but if you follow my Twitter feed you may have seen me tweet it earlier ) in which a games writer was talking about how he had initially abandoned the PlayStation when the original Xbox was launched because he felt the energy that Microsoft brought to the world of console gaming was refreshing .
Fair enough , that ’s a personal choice that each person makes based on their emotional affiliations , intellectual abilities and brand loyalties ( financial means will also play a part , possibly the most important ) .
The writer in question then went on to say that for years he was happy he ’d made the right decision because the Xbox and its successor had clearly been the only sensible choice for the hardcore gamers .
This is where his vaguely interesting ramble lost its grip on reality .
Do n’t get me wrong , I do n’t think anyone could reasonably argue that the PlayStation brand is the dominant force it once was in console gaming but to claim that it had been in the wilderness with gaming fans for so long would be like saying that nobody supports Liverpool FC because they have n’t won the league for a while .
They still play a good game and they can still beat anybody on their day .
I love analogies , especially clichéd football ones !
Anyway , to cut a long story short the writer has since bought a PlayStation 3 and is now enjoying what he seems to think is a completely decadent , “ unnecessary ” , lifestyle in which he owns both HD consoles .
I always thought that in order to get the fullest experience of gaming in modern times you needed to own both HD consoles ( and that ’s just without clouding the argument with handhelds , PC gaming and this generation ’s most successful home console – the Wii ) .
Presumably in his one - console history he never felt the desire to play any PlayStation exclusives .
That may be the case but can you really say that someone is getting the fullest experience of gaming if they never played Uncharted , Killzone 2 , inFamous , LittleBigPlanet , Metal Gear Solid 4 et al ?
Likewise , if you only owned PlayStation can you honestly say that you ’re getting everything out of gaming ?
You ’ve never felt the urge to play Halo 3 , Fable 2 , Gears of War , Crackdown or Forza ?
What about if you had been an unapologetic single brand gamer forever , if you ’d chosen Sega in the early ‘ 90s you would have missed the best Mario had to offer , both on platforms and in karts .
Choose Nintendo in the late nineties and you ’ve completely missed Final Fantasy VII .
Surely , in order to have a complete experience of what gaming has to offer you would need access to all possible platforms ?
Of course , most people have financial and time constraints and owning several consoles is certainly a luxury but can we say that it ’s totally unnecessary ?
What about you , what consoles do you have and are there any that you feel you can totally discount from future consideration ?
Are you a die - hard PlayStation fan that has deeply - submerged urges to play Forza or Halo ?
Perhaps you love your 360 to bits but would like to see what it was that made Uncharted 2 a widespread Game of the Year ?
I ’d love to hear your thoughts but please try to keep the discussion sensible , nobody likes a fanboy !
After the politics of recent months , it was great to go to the Science Media Centre today to announce the launch of the Independent Scientific Committee on Drugs ( ISCD ) .
I set up the committee because I feel passionately that drugs policy needs to be based on the best available scientific evidence .
Crucially , the production and dissemination of this scientific evidence needs to be entirely independent of political influence .
Our committee has funding for an initial two - to three - year period .
We have the support of the Centre for Crime and Justice Studies , which will be helping us run the committee .
Most important of all , the committee will have some of the top scientific experts in the country .
Over time , the committee will become the key independent scientific body on drugs issues .
One of our first priorities will be to review the effects of " legal highs " such as mephedrone , sometimes referred to as " miaow " .
Currently , it 's perfectly legal to buy and use these drugs in a completely unregulated manner .
Yet there are real scientific concerns about the harm they might cause .
We will publish guidance on these drugs to inform public discussion , media coverage and policy formation .
We will also publish guidance on the effects of ketamine .
This powerful drug is currently a Class C drug .
It can have all sorts of unpleasant and long - term side effects on users .
Until recently , the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs ( ACMD ) was actively reviewing both legal highs and ketamine .
This work came to a halt following my dismissal as chair and the subsequent resignation of several other scientists .
The new Independent Scientific Committee on Drugs will seek to support the work of the ACMD and policy formation by ensuring that the best scientific evidence on the effects of drugs is made available .
There has been some speculation that we are setting up a rival body .
This is simply not the case .
The new committee will also provide accessible information on drugs to the wider public and engage in an ongoing dialogue .
We will be developing a dynamic web presence and making sure that all our work is freely available .
We will also be using social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter : indeed , you can follow me now on Twitter at @ ProfDavidNutt .
All too often , crucial information on the effects of drugs is buried away in arcane scientific journals and the debates of expert groups .
We want to make sure that this information is much more accessible .
[ January 08 , 2010 ] Wi-Fi foe sues neighbor for using electronics :
Man says electromagnetic sensitivity has forced him to live in his car
Jan 08 , 2010 ( The Santa Fe New Mexican - McClatchy - Tribune Information Services via COMTEX ) -- A Santa
Fe man who says he suffers from electromagnetic sensitivity is suing his next - door neighbor for refusing to turn off her cell phone and other electronic devices .
Arthur Firstenberg , who has actively opposed the proliferation of wireless systems in public buildings , claims he has been made homeless by Raphaela Monribot 's rejection of his requests .
Firstenberg and Monribot , who have homes only 25 feet apart in a west - side neighborhood , both declined to discuss the lawsuit Thursday .
Monribot 's actions have effectively ousted Firstenberg from the house he bought last year and forced him to stay with friends or in his car , says a document filed Monday in state District Court by lawyer Lindsay Lovejoy Jr .
Firstenberg " cannot stay in a hotel , because hotels and motels all employ wi-fi connections , which trigger a severe illness , " says the request for a preliminary injunction .
" If ( Firstenberg ) cannot obtain preliminary relief , he will be forced to continue to sleep in his car , enduring winter cold and discomfort , until this case can be heard . "
The case has been assigned to state District Judge Daniel Sanchez , who has yet to set a hearing .
According to an affidavit signed by Firstenberg , Monribot has known about his electromagnetic sensitivity , or EMS , since May 2008 , when he hired her to cook meals for him in her home .
He said that after he explained his predicament , she began turning off her cell phone and computer " to spare me the pain of EMS . "
Firstenberg said he began to sublease a house Monribot rented at 247 Barela St. when Monribot went to France , where her husband , Jean - Pierre Monribot , is a citizen and where one of their daughters lives .
But , after the landlord threatened eviction because the rent was unpaid , Firstenberg said , he purchased the house on Sept. 26 , 2008 , for $ 430,000 .
When a house at 246 Casados St. -- which backs up to the one on Barela Street -- came up for rent , Firstenberg said , he notified Monribot , who rented that house in October 2008 .
" Within a day of ( Monribot ) moving in , I began to feel sick when I was in my house , " Firstenberg wrote in his affidavit .
" ( Monribot's ) house is located 25 feet from my house .
Further , because the two houses at one time were on a single lot , their electrical systems are fed from a single main cable .
In fact , the electric meter for my house is mounted on ( Monribot 's ) house .
Electromagnetic fields emitted in ( Monribot's ) house are transmitted by wire directly into my house . "
Firstenberg said that when he visited Monribot in her new house , she told him she had purchased a new iPhone and leaves it turned on at all times so family members can reach her .
When he asked her if she could use a land line in the house , she " flatly refused without explanation , " he said .
" I also observed a computer in use , compact fluorescent lights , dimmer rheostats , and other sources of electromagnetic radiation , " he said .
Monribot " agreed to phase out the fluorescent lights , but she declined to consider any limitation on her cell phone , or to turn off her computer when not in use , or to replace dimmer switches .
In fact , a few days later , ( Monribot ) installed a wireless network for her computer .
All of these devices emitted electromagnetic radiation and triggered my EMS with life - threatening reactions , which included a heart arrhythmia . "
Firstenberg said he looked into separating the utility connections between the two houses , but Public Service Company of New Mexico has not yet suggested any solution .
He said Monribot inquired about the PNM discussions last fall , saying , " I am feeling a bit guilty . "
Firstenberg 's motion is accompanied by dozens of notes from doctors , some dating back more than a decade , about his sensitivities .
Firstenberg , 59 , said he began to experience stomach pains , memory loss and other symptoms as a medical student at the University of California , Irvine , in 1980 .
Since then , various physicians have diagnosed him as being extraordinarily sensitive to both chemicals and electromagnetic radiation , he said .
Since moving to Santa
Fe five years ago , Firstenberg has been active in groups that have unsuccessfully tried to stop the city from installing wireless systems at City Hall and public libraries .
He has also opposed the installation of cell towers in Chimayo and Madrid , a remote monitoring system for the city water system and controlled burns in national forests .
The issue of wireless systems could come to a head Feb. 10 , when the City Council considers a new telecommunications ordinance , two franchises for new communication systems and a resolution asking the federal government to allow municipalities to consider health and environment consequences of cell phone towers .
Firstenberg declined to be photographed Thursday outside his home on one - lane Barela Street .
The back seat of his car , a Nissan with California license plates , contained the bedding he uses to stay warm at night .
" Everybody 's trying to find me , " he said .
" I 'm trying to lay low . "
Contact Tom Sharpe at 986-3080 or tsharpe@sfnewmexican.com .
To see more of The Santa Fe New Mexican , or to subscribe to the newspaper , go to http://www.santafenewmexican.com/.
Copyright ( c ) 2010 , The Santa Fe New Mexican Distributed by McClatchy - Tribune Information Services .
For reprints , email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com , call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550 , send a fax to 847-635-6968 , or write to The Permissions Group Inc. , 1247 Milwaukee Ave. , Suite 303 , Glenview , IL 60025 , USA .
[ Back To TMCnet.com 's Homepage ]
That Takes Me Back
Unearthed by Krissy today during one of her occasional purges of the house : A floppy disc !
From the mid-90s !
Which I used , if I recall correctly , to shuffle text documents between my computer at home and the one at America Online , where I worked at the time .
None of my current computers has a floppy disc drive ( basically for the same reason none of them have a way to accept data from cassettes ) , which is a shame because on this disc is MY LOST MASTERPIECE OF A NOVEL .
Or , various marketing documents I was working on circa 1996 .
One or the other .
Really , it was hard to tell the difference back then .
My marketing documents are just that good .
But in any event there are no real worries as to me not having any of the stuff I wrote all the way back then , as I ’m really rather OCD about squirreling away old creative endeavors in multiple places .
So I pretty much have everything I ’ve ever written , three or four times over , and again whenever a new storage medium comes along .
Because when it comes to electronic storage media , eventually they all go the way of Mr. Shuttle Disc 1 here , do n’t they .
( Also : No lost masterpieces .
Sorry . )
The real irony of this disc is that the amount of memory you can write to it ( 1.44 MB , if memory — heh — serves ) is n’t enough to store the jpeg of the picture of it which came out of my camera ( 1.49 MB ) .
That ’s progress for you .
A former Army major was sentenced to a 17 ½ - year prison term on corruption charges in Wednesday in San Antonio , signaling the beginning of the end of a far - reaching Iraq War corruption probe .
As part of the probe , a growing cadre of career soldiers has confessed to siphoning millions of dollars from defense contracts in Iraq and Kuwait .
The investigation into their spree already has led to the indictments of five U.S. military officers , with another dozen expected to follow .
U.S ....
Brett Wallace is considered one of the best prospects in the game , yet he has been traded not once , but twice , since late July .
Should that tell us something about what teams truly think of him ?
Could he be just an overhyped prospect fantasy owners should be ignoring ?
First , let ’s take a look at his statistics in 2009 :
532 At Bats
. 293 Batting Average ( 156 Hits )
20 Home Runs
63 RBI
76 Runs
1 Stolen Bases
. 367 On Base Percentage
. 455 Slugging Percentage
Things You Should Know :
While he was traded twice , once was as part of the Matt Holliday trade , so that explains the first deal very easily .
Going from Oakland to Toronto should n’t mean much , either , especially considering the A ’s ultimate ability to acquire Kevin Kouzmanoff .
Jonathan Mayo of mlb.com recently ranked him as the 16th best prospect in baseball .
He could be in line to see everyday at bats in Toronto , who could use him as a DH and Adam Lind in the outfield .
Since being drafted in the first round of the 2008 draft he has hit .297 , with all but 153 of his 755 AB coming at Double - A or above .
His average has been helped by an above average BABIP ( last season he was at .343 ) .
He struck out 21.8 % of the time , a number that could jump in the Majors , though at the time of the draft mlb.com ’s scouting report said “ His unbelievable plate discipline will undoubtedly be attractive to some teams ” .
If that is true the strikeouts may not rise , but e hit just .293 last season and should be in line for decreased luck .
He has not shown exceptional power ( just 28 HR in his Minor League career ) and also does n’t have the pure upside to get there .
For his minor league career he ’s posted a flyball rate of 28.7 % , exactly what he posted for three different teams in 2009 .
With a number like that it is hard to imagine him being a big - time Major League home run hitter .
For a big - time prospect , how could he drive in just 63 RBI ?
He ’s supposed to be a run producer , but has yet to truly show it .
He is just 23 - years old , so there is plenty of upside potential there , but it is hard to imagine it flourishing so suddenly , especially given the concerns we have for him .
2010 Projection :
.275 ( 117-425 ) , 14 HR , 50 RBI , 50 R , 1 SB , .324 BABIP , .327 OBP , .421 SLG
Conclusion :
Do n’t get me wrong , Wallace has the talent and the potential to be a fantasy mainstay for many years to come ( say .290 , 25 HR ) .
In 2010 , however , I ’m not buying it .
Even if he gets regular playing time in Toronto , there are too many concerns to make him worth investing too heavily in for the upcoming season .
The average is going to fall , he has n’t proven to be a big run producer and the power just is n’t quite there yet .
What are your thoughts ?
Do you see him being a major contributor in 2010 ?
Why or why not ?
Make sure to order your copy of the Rotoprofessor 2010 Fantasy Baseball Draft Guide , selling for just $ 5 , by clicking here .
You can read other recent Prospect Reports including :
The rover team has begun driving Spirit backward as next technique for attempting to extricate the rover from the sand trap where it is embedded .
The first two backward drives produced about 6.5 centimeters ( 2.6 inches ) of horizontal motion and lifted the rover slightly .
Spirit performed the first backwards drive ( toward the south ) on Sol 2045 ( Jan. 14 , 2010 ) .
Until then , all drives since extrication attempts began two months earlier had been with forward driving , with Spirit facing northward .
The rover first entered its present location driving backward in April 2009 .
The backward driving in recent days includes the additional technique of steering the wheels side - to - side before performing each step .
The hypothesis for the wheel steering is two - fold .
The process clears out material in front of the wheel and allows material to slough off the face of the wheel trench and provide traction under the wheel .
Also , the flat surface of the wheel 's side " kicks " against loose material , like a swimmer 's frog kick or breast stroke , to provide some push .
This Sol 2045 drive included enough wheel rotations to move the rover backward about 30 meters ( 98 feet ) in six steps of 5 meters ( 16 feet ) each , if the rover were in a situation with good traction .
However , as Spirit is in a sand trap , the drive moved the rover backward a total of just over 3 centimeters ( 1.2 inches ) and raised it in altitude just over 1 centimeter ( 0.4 inch ) .
This is the first time the rover has climbed since extrication attempts began .
Northerly tilt also improved by just over a degree .
The explanation here is that the rover 's rear wheels are climbing , raising the back of the rover .
Images from the rear hazard avoidance camera confirm this .
A tilt toward the north would be favorable for energy production in the coming Martian winter , as it would gain more sunshine on the solar array .
A second backward drive was commanded on Sol 2047 ( Jan. 16 , 2010 ) .
It was also six steps of 5 meters backward with the steering " frog kicks . "
The rover moved about 3.5 centimeters ( 1.4 inches ) backward and climbed 0.3 centimeters ( 0.1 inch ) .
However , this time the northerly tilt deteriorated by over a degree , undoing the prior drive 's improvement .
The explanation here is that the rover yawed counterclockwise , swinging the angled solar arrays away from north .
But the rear wheels continued to climb , suggesting that the middle wheels are gaining traction .
The rover is now about 3.5 centimeters ( 1.4 inches ) south of the point where it started extrication two months ago , meaning the backward driving has already covered all of the distance achieved with forward driving and then some .
Spirit is still down about 3 centimeters ( 1.2 inches ) in altitude since extrication started .
It is important to remember that the right - rear wheel is still non-functional , along with the right - front wheel .
On Sol 2050 ( Jan. 19 , 2010 ) , Spirit was commanded to drive further backwards .
Partway through the drive , the rover 's left middle wheel stalled .
Activities planned for coming sols include getting more diagnostic information about that wheel stall .
Even with four working wheels , Spirit would have a very difficult path to extrication .
And the rover needs a much better northerly tilt to assure winter survival .
As for other techniques to consider for extrication , the rover team has examined the two options that would use the robotic arm : pushing with it and re-sculpting the terrain by the left - front wheel .
The assessment of pushing with the arm reveals that only about 30 newtons of lateral force could be achieved , while a minimum of several hundreds of newtons would be needed to move the rover .
Further , such a technique risks damaging the arm and preventing its use for high - priority science from a stationary rover .
The other technique of re-sculpting the terrain and perhaps pushing a rock in front of or behind the left - front wheel is also assessed to be of little to no help and , again , risks the arm .
There is also a large risk of accidentally pushing the rock into the open wheel and jamming .
News Media Contact
Guy WebsterJet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif.818-354-5011guy.webster@jpl.nasa.gov2010-022
My life as a wolf , by British naturalist who dared to infiltrate a pack in the wilderness
The huge wolf 's fangs hovered over my neck .
I was frozen to the spot , waiting for his jaw to clamp around my throat - and bring instant death .
It did n't happen .
Instead , the young male with him gave me a gentler nip on my knee while the older male knocked me over .
As I fell , I put a hand out to steady myself and found it resting on the pup 's shoulder .
He did n't pull away .
In that split second , I was overcome by an incredible surge of love for this creature and his family , and an overpowering need to be part of it .
Unlikely bond : Shaun Ellis has an extraordinary affinity with wolves
I had been alone in the Rocky Mountains for ten months , searching for wolves to befriend .
Being close to the creatures was not new to me .
I 'd infiltrated captive packs at Dartmoor Wildlife Park in England and at a wolf research centre in the American state of Idaho .
By staying with them in their enclosures , I learned about their body language , what their howls and whines meant , their smells and pack hierarchy .
To become part of a wolf family , you must fit into their social order , rather than trying to rule it .
That means showing you come in peace by exposing your vulnerable throat area to them , as I had done with the big black male .
Wolves have the power to kill but , unlike humans , they only use it when they must .
In Idaho , I also added scientific knowledge to my theories , working with biologists and studying wolf behaviour and communication .
Levi Holt , a native American who ran the centre there , believed wild wolves had moved into the area using old corridors between Idaho and Canada , living alongside animals bred in captivity but later released .
I wanted to see if I could be accepted by a pack that had never seen a human .
The biologists at the research centre were against me going into the rugged , unforgiving landscape .
To them I was a maverick from a foreign country with no qualifications .
If the cold or wolves did n't kill me , a bear would .
Despite this , I did n't take a gun , radio , sleeping bag or any shelter .
I wanted to be like a lone wolf .
I had the SAS training I received during my seven years in the British Army and one ' get out of jail free ' card : a rendezvous point agreed with Levi .
If I wanted to get out , I was to wait there .
I never anticipated how long I would be gone , since at the time I was single , although I had a daughter from a previous relationship .
Levi and I arranged that I would leave notes for him at the rendezvous point to let him know I was safe and well .
I set off on a bright autumn day , when the Rockies reminded me of my childhood in rural Norfolk , although the colours were intense : deep rich reds , oranges and gold lighting the forests .
I was in shock for the first few weeks , so frightened of predators I did n't dare move after dark .
For the first four nights I slept in a tree .
Only after I fell out did I start sleeping on the ground .
Gradually I became more confident and began to venture out by day , making rudimentary snare traps and catching my first rabbit before my rations of beef jerky ran out .
Daredevil : Shaun Ellis romping with wolves at a wildlife park
I was eating a diet , like the wolf 's : one meal of raw meat gave me enough slow - release energy to keep going for up to two days .
I would supplement it with nuts and berries and always tested it to avoid being poisoned .
As the weeks went by I established a routine and found a sheltered spot where I felt comfortable .
Then I experienced my first reality check .
For four days a storm raged around me .
I became bored and depressed , but then the Army training kicked in and I remembered what I 'd been taught about how vital it is to keep thinking positively .
It was four months before I saw my first wolf .
I was walking down a track when a big black one crossed my path 150 yards ahead .
It stopped fleetingly and looked straight at me with piercing yellow eyes before disappearing into the forest .
I also established a new resting place where I felt safe , some miles from the track where I saw the wolf .
It was in a clearing , with a big rock behind me and a good view of the area in front of me .
Although I never allowed myself the luxury of sleeping for hours at a stretch , I could doze in short bursts .
There were more sightings of the wolf over the coming months , and others joined him , each time coming closer , nipping and sniffing me .
At times we exchanged howls .
There were originally five in the pack : the dominant female , two older males , a younger male and a young female , the latter two being siblings .
After one of the older males went missing , I decided to try to infiltrate the pack , following them clumsily on all fours .
But where the others were welcoming , the dominant female was hostile , growling to warn me away .
She bared her teeth and let out low barking noises before disappearing into the forest with the young pups .
The others followed .
A week - and - a - half later I was sitting on a rock when the big male and the pups came towards me .
The female stayed back and I respected her distance .
And so it went on for two weeks , if not a month .
I continued to interact with the other three members of the pack , however , and the bond with them quietly intensified .
In some ways , they were like captive wolves I had known .
The language they used was similar but these wolves were stronger and alert to every sound and scent .
They played as hard and roughly with me as they did with each other .
My all - in - one jumpsuit was quilted but it did n't protect me from the bone - crushing strength of their jaws .
I was covered in cuts and bruises .
Early one morning I was in a clearing when the four of them appeared after a long absence .
As usual , I lowered my body as they came towards me , and this time even the female came to greet me .
Suddenly , the big male barged at me and I crumpled to the ground under his weight .
Before I realised what was happening the female was snarling and growling three inches from my face .
Allies : Ellis with Levi Holt , who runs the wolf research centre in Idaho that Shaun used as his base
I could feel the warmth of her breath , her lips were lifted right back from her teeth .
I lay there helpless : I had no choice but to take whatever was coming to me .
Those were the longest two or three minutes of my life - but she did n't harm a hair on my head .
When she finally let me go she loped back to the others ; my disciplining was over .
The incident did n't seem to change her attitude towards me but it radically changed my view .
She could have killed me easily but had chosen not to .
Now I thought of her as an intolerant aunt : knowledgeable , respected , but always bad - tempered .
We would learn to live with each other .
Every night I battled with my better judgment over leaving the wolves .
I had begun to feel safer with them than away from them , but I left them as darkness fell and returned by first light .
One evening tensions were low , they had all had a good feed and even Miss Grumpy seemed relaxed .
I decided to stay .
I did n't sleep a wink , kept awake by fear and excitement , but they all slept soundly until morning .
The male pup lay alongside me .
I could hear his breathing and feel his every twitch .
When morning broke I was walking on air because I knew I had been accepted .
In the early hours of the second day , they took off .
I tried to follow , but as soon as we were among trees they were invisible in the darkness and they were gone .
Dejected , I went back to the clearing and waited .
Many weeks later they reappeared , the young female bringing me the leg of a red deer .
After months of snared rabbits , it tasted fantastic , although raw .
For the next few weeks , they would go hunting and leave me , but they would always bring me something .
By this time I had been in the wild for about 18 months , and winter was on its way again .
That would make getting about more difficult , but would let me to follow the wolves at my own pace .
At last I 'd see where they went in their long absences .
The day they left , I followed .
Their pace was slower and they seemed to be waiting for me .
We must have covered 15 miles before coming to a steep , forested hillside , with a river running along the valley below .
How wolves help us to choose a pet Wolf DNA varies from that of a domestic dog by just 0.2 per cent .
Few of us will live with wolves , but an awful lot of us live with dogs , so it is useful to understand how the social structure of wolves applies to the dog world .
People think it 's good to have an alpha dog , believing it to be the bold one who comes to say hello when you go to choose your puppy from a litter .
That is not the case .
Alphas stay at the back of the kennel because they have a strong sense of self - preservation .
They never put themselves in jeopardy .
If you take a true alpha puppy home with you , he will be a quick learner , easy to train so that one day , when he sees the time is right , he can take over the pack .
And he 'll be looking for that day , for a sign of weakness in you that suggests you are no longer capable of doing the job .
Unless you are constantly one step ahead of him , he will turn into a wilful rebel who pays no attention to anything you tell him .
The beta , or what we now tend to call the enforcer , is the one who comes boldly over to you when you go to view the litter .
He 's the disciplinarian , the bouncer , the bodyguard ; he is pure aggression .
He does n't think ; he just weighs in .
If you choose this puppy to take home without being aware of what you have picked , it could be disastrous .
You and he may differ in what you view as a perceived threat .
It could be another dog in the park , a neighbour or a child .
Then there 's the tester within the pack , the quality controller , a very trying pet who will be pushing your ability daily , making sure you deserve to be the one who makes the decisions .
Mid- to low - ranking individuals make good pets because they have no need to discipline or teach anyone anything .
These ranks do n't seek you out when you visit the litter .
Owners have been taught they must take on the role of the alpha dog but , despite the miraculous results in problem dogs seen on television , this does n't always work .
If you have a nervous , low - ranking animal and you behave like an alpha , or even a beta , you could destroy him .
Many people , of course , do n't get their dogs as pups .
Contrary to the saying , ' You ca n't teach an old dog new tricks ' , I believe you can , by going back to that time in the dog's life when he was at his most receptive .
A pup learns basic principles from his mother : he picks up her calming signals , discovers the reward system , learns his pack value and how to communicate with his own kind .
When he stumbles out into the world at five weeks and begins to mix mother 's milk with regurgitated meat , that circle of learning increases .
So to re-educate an adult dog you feed him on the sort of diet he had in his first few months of life : a mixture of milk and minced or finely chopped meat .
After a couple of months on that he should be pliable and ready to listen , whereupon you can train him more or less as you would a puppy , heavy on reward and light on punishment .
We arrived before the snow , and the air was thick with the scent of pine needles .
I guessed the wolves lived here during the winter , or it might have been where the youngsters were born .
They would n't let me follow them when they went hunting from this base , but I never lacked food .
Indeed , I was eating better with them than I managed by myself .
We were entering the breeding season and suddenly the males were competing to convince the dominant female that she should mate with them .
Then for a week - and - a - half they disappeared .
When they returned they were calm and relaxed ; even Miss Grumpy was tolerant , her mind presumably on other things .
Life returned to normal .
An abundance of food was brought home , some of which the wolves would hide in the riverbank , where the mud acted as a preservative .
Possibly they knew they would lose their hunter , the female , as she reached the later stages of her pregnancy .
A wolf 's gestation period is 63 days and as the female neared the end of the second month it was clear she was carrying pups .
She dug a den for herself on a ridge above us .
That was where she would give birth .
When she finally emerged , thin and clearly lactating , she was triumphant , running from one of us to the next , nipping our mouths , frantic for food .
Then she went to the river , eating two or three food caches before running back up the hill and disappearing underground .
Then , one magical morning , she emerged with two small bundles of black fur tumbling down the hill behind her .
The adult wolves fell over one another to nuzzle them while they rolled over and exposed their little pale tummies .
The pups nipped at my mouth with needlesharp little teeth , and I realised how privileged I had been to have been accepted by this remarkable family .
One day , when the pups were about nine weeks old , their mother and the big male had gone hunting .
As usual , the young male and I were guarding the den area .
The young female was on a ridge acting as lookout .
Spring was here and it was hot .
My body was in revolt after what it had been through over the past two years and I needed water .
As I set off for the stream , the young male suddenly knocked me down .
I lay there , winded , as he stood over me snarling , eyes blazing and teeth bared .
Looking as if he might rip my throat out , he then backed me into the hollow of a tree .
Every time I tried to move he snapped the air with his jaws .
I had never seen him like this and feared for my life .
As dusk fell , his mood changed .
He started to walk towards the valley .
After a few steps he stopped and looked back , which meant he wanted me to follow .
On the way he stopped and sniffed scratches on the ground .
There were bear droppings , and deep gouges in the bark of the trees where a huge grizzly had scraped his claws : the signs of a bear intent on killing .
Suddenly it became clear .
This wolf had n't wanted to hurt me but to save me from the rampaging grizzly .
I owed him my life .
About three weeks later , I was kneeling by a stream when I caught sight of my reflection .
My face was gaunt with sunken eyes , long matted hair and a bushy beard .
I had lost a huge amount of weight and my health was deteriorating .
Unless I was prepared to die in this wilderness , I had to go home .
I left in the early morning without ceremony .
It was a week before I reached the rendezvous point and another 24 hours before I heard the drone of a car making its way up the track .
When Levi saw me his usually inscrutable face looked horrified .
He held out his arms to embrace me and I broke down .
These two years had changed me in every way and the enormity of what I 'd experienced was beginning to dawn on me .
Levi asked if there was anything I needed .
I said ' honey ' , which someone quickly brought , and I ate my way through half a jar .
I had n't spoken to another human being for two years and I was feeling disorientated .
The events that followed became a blur , but I remember being driven to a nearby town , where I had a shower in a wooden shed .
It felt like the Ritz .
I was surprised by how long it took to get back to a normal diet .
I longed to eat junk food , especially pepperoni pizza and ice cream , but my system could n't take it .
But the hardest thing was adjusting to the human world .
The one I had just left , and felt I belonged to , was so simple and balanced .
There was no deception , no malice and no gratuitous cruelty .
Keeping the family safe and fed was all that mattered : wolves killed to eat ; never for fun and never more than they needed .
Back home , all I could think of was helping improve the lives of wolves in captivity .
I had gained so much knowledge , far more than I would have in a lifetime watching them from a distance .
So often their behaviour was misinterpreted and their needs neglected .
I had a burning zeal to make a difference .
I would go on to work at Longleat Safari Park in Wiltshire .
With nothing more sophisticated than tape recordings of wolves ' calls , we altered the behaviour of a pack to help breeding .
That had to be good news for biologists and for farmers protecting their livestock .
In Poland , I used recordings of howling wolves to stop packs from raiding farms by convincing them that a rival group already owned the territory .
I felt that what we had achieved offered great hope for the future .
After the success at Longleat , I was approached by a number of other wildlife parks and zoos wanting help and advice about how to manage their captive wolf packs .
My interest is where the wolf and human worlds collide ; in learning how to speak for this noble creature whose language no one else seems to understand .
And to hope that one day , we humans might be able to learn from the animal that once walked alongside us about survival , loyalty and family .
© 2010 Shaun Ellis .
• The Man Who Lives With Wolves by Shaun Ellis with Penny Junor is published by HarperCollins on January 25 at £ 18.99 .
To order your copy at the special price of £ 15.99 inc free p& p , call the Review Bookstore on 0845 155 0713 .
NEXT WEEK : Helen was the love of my life , but she was almost destroyed by my world of wolves
Open letter from PDA details ' appalling record ' of Democrat described by PDA - backed challenger as ' Joe Lieberman of the House '
Group seeks signatures in support of ' open letter ' to Congresswoman , Co-Chair of Congressional Progressive Caucus ...
Brad Friedman Byon 1/11/2010 , 3:05 pm PT
-- By Brad Friedman and Ernest A. Canning
As The BRAD BLOG reported over the weekend , an internecine firefight has blown up among progressives who support the candidacy of Marcy Winograd against entrenched " Blue Dog " Jane Harman ( D - CA ) , and Rep. Lynn Woolsey ( D - CA ) , long regarded as one of the more progressive members of the U.S. Congress .
Woolsey , the co-chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus ( CPC ) and a longtime Advisory Board Member of Progressive Democrats of America ( PDA ) , stunned progressives over the last several days when it was revealed that she was endorsing , and would be participating in a fundraiser for Harman next Saturday , January 16th , as noted in our report yesterday .
In the wake of Woolsey 's curious support for the seven term Democrat , PDA is issuing an email blast to supporters tonight , asking them to sign on to an open letter ( posted in full below ) demanding Woolsey withdraw from the upcoming event , as well as drop her endorsement of Harman who will be challenged this year by Winograd , a longtime leader in PDA 's Los Angeles chapter , and the first candidate of 2010 to be endorsed by the group .
Winograd ran an unsuccessful challenge against Harman in 2006 , but has begun her campaign earlier this year , and hopes to capitalize on growing progressive outrage at entrechned Congressional Democrats such as Harman .
In a recent letter to supporters , Winograd described Harman as " the Joe Lieberman of the House . "
In the open letter posted here , initially signed by Tim Carpenter , PDA 's National Director , Mimi Kennedy and PDA 's Advisory Board Chair , the group , describes the process signing the letter as " painful , " but describes the negative response from members to the Woolsey endorsement of Harman , and asks for her to withdraw from the event immediately .
" The tone and emphasis of the responses vary , but the overwhelming gist is clear , " Carpenter and Kennedy write to Woolsey , " The progressive base is upset about your scheduled involvement [ in the January 16 fund - raising event ] and hopes that you will withdraw from this event .
As an organization , Progressive Democrats of America joins in that request . " ...
The letter goes on to detail reasons for the request , most notably Harman 's less - than - progressive record in Congress and appeals to Woolsey 's long - term position as a reliable leader in the progressive community .
" Given your longstanding and exemplary leadership on a wide range of peace and justice issues , " the letter reads , " it would be counterproductive to aid Rep. Harman 's re-election efforts . "
The letter notes Harman 's " October 2002 vote to authorize the invasion of Iraq , " saying that it was " stark contrast to the ' no ' votes by most House Democrats . "
Harman 's ' appalling record '
" Harman has an equally appalling record on civil liberties , having lobbied the New York Times to suppress the story about Bush 's wiretaps on the eve of the 2004 election , then going on television to defend the illegal wiretaps , " the PDA appeal continues before noting " Winograd 's decades of dedication to working for economic equity , social justice , civil liberties and peace . "
They add that Winograd 's record " offer [s ] a sharp contrast to the incumbent in California 's 36th district .
Unlike the incumbent , Winograd will represent the public interest , not Wall Street or war profiteers . "
In addition to Winograd 's comparison of Harman to Lieberman , her campaign has also recently highlighted the Congresswoman 's remarks to a 1998 gathering in Los Angeles where she opened by saying , according to the Los Angeles Times , " I was flattered to be introduced in the last election as the best Republican in the Democratic primary .
I accept . "
Harman 's office has not responded to a request by The BRAD BLOG for comment on those reported comments .
Woolsey 's Board Membership at Stake ?
The BRAD BLOG has asked Carpenter what his group , which boasts some 130,000 members , intends to do should Woolsey decline to pull out from the event before the " DEADLINE " of " Wednesday , January 13 at 12:00 PM EST " as noted at the top of the letter .
He was non-committal , but made clear that her position as a member of the groups Advisory Board may well be at stake .
" We 're hopeful and remain optimistic when Lynn sees the response from the grass roots , she 'll do the right thing , and pull out of the event , " Carpenter told The BRAD BLOG by phone late this afternoon .
" The purpose of this letter and email blast to our supporters tonight is to relay the concerns that our members have , and our hope is that she will not go forward with her fundraising event .
" It 's not just the PDA members , but the important voices from progressives around the country that we hope she hears .
We hope she 'll understand the importance and gravity of this issue . "
But if not ?
And if she fails to drop her support for Harman ?
" We 're willing and committed to taking the next step .
So , stay tuned … , " he said .
Woolsey 's office did not immediately return our request for comment on PDA 's letter , or her endorsement of Harman .
* * *
The " Open Letter to Congresswoman Lynn Woolsey , " with subject head " CPC Co-chair and PDA Advisory Board member Rep. Lynn Woolsey Headlines Fundraiser for War Hawk , Rep. Jane Harman " is now posted here .
PDA asks for progressives to sign on in support .
The complete text of the letter also follows below ...
DEADLINE : Wednesday , January 13 at 12:00 PM EST -- Noon Eastern .
Dear Lynn ,
In recent days , ever since the announcement of your scheduled appearance as the headliner at the January 16 fund - raising event in Venice for Rep.
Harman , we have been hearing about it from many PDA activists and other progressives in California and around the country .
The tone and emphasis of the responses vary , but the overwhelming gist is clear :
The progressive base is upset about your scheduled involvement and hopes that you will withdraw from this event .
As an organization , Progressive Democrats of America joins in that request .
Given your longstanding and exemplary leadership on a wide range of peace and justice issues , it would be counterproductive to aid Rep.
Harman ’s re-election efforts .
Her pro-war record is well known , having voted most recently to spend billions to continue the occupation of Iraq and escalate in Afghanistan .
Her October 2002 vote to authorize the invasion of Iraq was in stark contrast to the " no " votes by most House Democrats .
Harman has an equally appalling record on civil liberties , having lobbied the New York Times to suppress the story about Bush 's wiretaps on the eve of the 2004 election , then going on television to defend the illegal wiretaps .
In addition , she voted for the bankruptcy bill , then more recently voted against mortgage relief in bankruptcy court , despite the fact that several thousand of her constituents are facing foreclosure .
On the health care front , she recently voted against fast - tracking affordable generic medications for patients with breast cancer , brain tumors , Parkinson 's and rare diseases .
Fortunately , Rep. Harman faces a strong primary challenge from someone who exemplifies the idealistic commitments and progressive values that have been central to your work in Congress .
Marcy Winograd ’s decades of dedication to working for economic equity , social justice , civil liberties and peace offer a sharp contrast to the incumbent in California ’s 36th district .
Unlike the incumbent , Winograd will represent the public interest , not Wall Street or war profiteers .
As Marcy Winograd said in the speech that kicked off her current campaign : " Jane Harman took us to war without taking a second look at the National Intelligence Estimate , which highlighted and boxed analysts ’ doubts about the fictitious weapons of mass destruction .
Jane Harman not only took us to war , but continued to waste our taxpayer dollars on supplemental budgets that hid the true cost of the war by not including the price tag in the Defense Department budget . "
The reason that we have Rep. Donna Edwards in the House today as a stalwart advocate for peace and justice is precisely because of her successful primary campaign that unseated a non-progressive Democratic incumbent .
Surely such victories are in the interests of all progressives .
This is a painful letter for us to sign , particularly because of our longtime admiration and deep respect for you .
But we hope you 'll agree that progressive principles must prevail among friends .
We urge you to withdraw from the fund - raising event for Rep. Harman ’s campaign .
We look forward to your response .
Peace and justice , Tim Carpenter
National Director , Progressive Democrats of America Mimi Kennedy
Advisory Board Chair , Progressive Democrats of America Donna Smith
Progressive Democrats of America Healthcare NOT Warfare Campaign Co-chair Norman Solomon
Progressive Democrats of America Healthcare NOT Warfare Campaign Co-chair
When you 're ready to leave your job , it 's pretty normal to be completely paralyzed with fear .
Life coach Dr. Sharon Lamm - Hartman says there comes a point when it 's time to just go ahead and take the plunge once and for all .
Advertisement
Image by pickinjim2006 .
Lamm - Hartmann says once you 've made up your mind , staying on in a job you 're checked out of emotionally will just stress you out even more .
Her advice :
Do n't let the fact we 're in a recession hold you back — the job market is more fluid than it appears as people leave jobs they 're dissatisfied with .
The ideal way to go would be to have something lined up [ before quitting ] .
But that 's not always the case these days .
If you are dissatisfied , and your company is laying off or downsizing , and you know you want to be doing something else , then go .
It 's risky , it 's giving up job security , but there 's really no such thing as job security anymore anyway .
And a lot of times companies are providing support , too , like outsourcing support where you can actually get some career counseling if you do n't know what you want to do next .
There are lots of companies out there right now that are helping people connect with what they really want to do .
Advertisement
If you 're not ready to do something quite so drastic as walk out on a steady ( albeit unhappy ) job situation , then consider freelancing without quitting your current job .
Have you walked away from your job recently to pursue another opportunity ?
What motivated you to jump ship ?
How did it work out ?
Let us know in the comments .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Resisting Temptation to Jump Ship ?
Get Over It Already ( Google link ) [ Advertising Age ]
While trying to decide which ghost photos are the “ best ” is largely an exercise in subjectivity , it ’s difficult to know which ones are the best with any degree of objectivity .
These are the photos I consider the most authentic “ captures ” of ghosts ever caught on film , but I leave it to you to decide for yourself how real they may be .
Of course , I realize that almost any photo can be hoaxed , but many of these were taken many years or even decades before digital cameras and the advent of Photoshop and other photo manipulation software came on the scene , making them somewhat more difficult to fake than it would be today .
10 . The Queensland Photo , 1946
Taken in 1946 in Queensland , Australia by a mother who was taking a picture of her teenage daughter ’s grave .
Nobody was in sight at the time , but when the picture was processed the image of a child appeared , apparently sitting on the grave .
The mother does not recognize the child , thereby reducing ( though not entirely eliminating ) the possibility that it ’s a double exposure .
9 . The S.S. Watertown Faces , 1924
This famous photo taken in 1924 apparently shows the faces of two recently deceased crewmen appearing in the waves alongside the merchant ship S.S. Watertown .
Normally I ’m not a big fan of faces appearing in grainy photos due to the brain ’s tendency to make order out of chaos ( known as “ matrixing ” ) but this case is different in that the faces were seen by numerous members of the crew for several days beforehand and were positively identified as those of two crewmen who suffocated while cleaning out an oil tank a few days earlier .
The Burns Detective Agency analyzed the negative for fakery and found none .
8. The Wem Fire Apparition , 1995
This famous photo of a young girl looking out from a raging fire was taken during a 1995 structure fire at Wem town hall in Shropshire , England .
Shot from across the street by a local photographer , nothing unusual was seen at the time but once the negative was developed he noticed what appeared to be a young girl standing in the doorway of the burning building .
Firemen found the photo so disturbing that they sifted through the ashes afterwards searching for the remains of a body but found nothing , leaving everyone wondering who the girl may have been .
Not surprisingly , there is a bit of local folklore which claims that a young girl named Jane Churm accidentally burned the town hall to the ground in 1677 when she dropped a candle , and her ghost has been reputed to haunt Wem town hall ever since .
Once a firebug , always a firebug I guess .
7. Bachelor ’s Grove Cemetery , 1991
One of those “ too - good - to - be - true ” photos , this one actually has a pretty good pedigree because it was shot by a professional paranormal investigator ( and notice it was also taken in broad daylight , as opposed to most cemetery investigations which are almost always shot at night ) .
The picture was taken at the Bachelor ’s Grove Cemetery in Illinois by the Ghost Research Society on August 10 , 1991 .
Photographer Mari Huff was using high - speed monochromatic film in the area where their equipment had detected several electromagnetic anomalies , and captured this image of a woman in period costume — complete in a burial shroud of the era—sitting on a gravestone .
Note that parts of her lower legs appear to be transparent .
Looks staged , I know , but then what ’s a real ghost supposed to look like ?
6. The Corroboree Rock Spirit , 1959
Taken by Reverend R.S. Blance at Corroboree Rock near Alice Springs , Australia in 1959 , this famous photo has been around for many years and defies explanation to this day .
It would n’t be difficult to fake this photo with modern photo manipulation software ( i.e. Photoshop ) but it would have been nearly impossible to do in 1959 .
5. HMS Daedalus Photo , 1919
Another classic and one of the better captures , this photograph from 1919 , taken by retired RAF officer Sir Victor Goddard , shows his squadron from the Royal Navy vessel HMS Daedalus .
Notice the transparent face peering around the man in the upper left corner of the photo .
Several men from this squadron identified the face as belonging to mechanic Freddy Jackson , who had been killed two days earlier when he accidentally walked into a spinning propeller blade .
His funeral had taken place earlier that day .
Apparently , Freddy did n’t want to miss all the fun .
4. Toys -R-Us , 1978
This shot has one of the best pedigrees among spirit photos because it was shot under carefully controlled circumstances with numerous witnesses present , making fakery especially difficult .
Taken in 1978 at a Sunnyvale , California Toys - R- Us store known for an inordinate amount of paranormal activity , the picture was shot by the crew from the TV program That ’s Incredible !
The infra-red film image of the young man leaning against the wall was NOT seen by any of the people present at the time , nor does he appear in the high speed footage shot from the same vantage point at the same time .
There ’s a story that in 1869 a young man died at the location where the store now stands from a accidentally self - inflicted axe wound , which might explain his unusual clothing .
3. The Lord Combermere Photo , 1891
This well known photo — and perhaps one of the oldest examples of a bonifide spirit photo — was taken in the Combermere Abbey Library in 1891 by Sybell Corbet .
The exposure length was approximately one hour , and the figure of a man appears to be sitting in the armchair located in the foreground ( it ’s difficult to make out , but a head and arm can just be made out sitting in the chair ) .
At the time this photograph was being taken , Lord Combermere ( a top British cavalry commander ) was being buried four miles away and the house was said to have been locked and empty at the time .
Additionally , those who knew Lord Combermere claim the figure looks exactly like the man , so we have to wonder if the old gentleman was n’t simply just visiting his old “ haunt ” one last time .
2. The Chinnery Photo , 1959
When visiting her mother ’s grave in 1959 , Mrs. Mabel Chinnery decided to finish off the roll of film by taking a picture of her husband seated in the car .
When the roll was developed , a female figure appeared , sitting in the back seat .
Mrs. Chinnery and several family members insist that the female figure is that of her mother , who appears to have taken her customary place in the back seat and is patiently waiting to be driven home .
A photographic expert examined the print and declared it to be neither a reflection nor a double exposure .
Notice that “ mom ” appears to be a pretty solid ghost , with no hint of transparency or light from the rear windows shining through her .
Even her glasses appear to reflect light !
1. The Brown Lady of Raynham Hall , 1936
Perhaps the most famous of all ghost photos , this highly controversial shot was taken in1936 by photographers sent by the London magazine Country Living to take some interior shots of Raynham Hall in Norfolk , England .
What ’s also interesting about this shot is that in contrast to most photos in which the figure is not seen until after the film is developed , the spectral figure of a woman descending the stairway was seen seconds before the gshutter was snapped .
The negatives on this photo have been scrutinized by literally hundreds of experts ( and no small number of skeptics ) who can find no evidence of it being either a hoax or a double exposure .
Still considered by many to be the best “ capture ” ever taken .
Liked it ?
Take a second to support Toptenz .net on Patreon !
Other Articles you Might Like
The Sainsbury 's at Greenwich is seen as an economical , green building UK targets for cutting carbon emissions by 2050 will not be met without radical changes to the engineering of buildings , a report says .
One of the study 's authors criticised the government 's " woeful track record on setting ill - considered targets " .
The Royal Academy of Engineering report lays out a groundwork for reducing the environmental impact of new buildings as well as refurbishment of old ones .
It added there was a serious skills gap in the sector that could grow worse .
Current regulations hold that new homes should be " zero - carbon " by 2016 , and all other new build should reach that target by 2020 .
However , the Engineering a Low Carbon Built Environment report asserts that the principles that could be applied to drastically reduce energy consumption are simply not being used .
It said that many building principles , such as those that retain heat in a building or make good use of natural light , were known to the Romans but are still not being implemented in modern buildings as much as they could be .
The field of " building engineering physics " , which draws on old ideas and new , can address the issue .
But the report warns that both the industry and academia are so far failing to produce engineers who can apply the concepts .
We see this report as a huge contribution to the debate , really raising the profile of a discipline of engineers that we need
Scott Steedman
Royal Academy of Engineering
" There are plenty of good examples of buildings around which have been designed with this approach , but there 's very little uptake of these ideas , " the report 's co-author Professor Doug King said .
He held up the example of the Sainsbury 's in London 's Greenwich as an example of the savings that such building approaches can provide .
While it almost certainly cost significantly more to build than a less eco-friendly building , he estimated that the building saved more than £ 400,000 a year in energy costs .
" If Sainsbury 's had built everyone of their new stores in the last 10 years to this model , then Lord John would be a much happier man in a recession like this , " he said .
Contrastingly , Professor King railed against what he termed " eco-bling " - the tendency for many new building projects to fail to reduce their overall energy consumption and then tack on energy generation schemes such as wind turbines or solar panels in a high - visibility effort to make up for some of the wasted energy .
' Woeful ' record
The report stresses that the government should support detailed study into how to increase training in building physics , and by how much , in order to ensure the new build projects and refurbishments bring environmental sustainability into line with planned targets .
Because 80 % of the buildings that will be occupied in 2050 have already been built , the problem lies more in refurbishments of existing buildings than it does in " new build " .
The report 's authors estimate that in order to reach targets , the rate of building refurbishment to a high sustainability standard must increase by a factor of four or five above current levels .
" The recent government consultation suggests we 're going to get to the position in the next 10 years that building regulations will proceed towards zero carbon emissions ( from new build ) , " Professor King explained .
" I and others like me are very concerned that neither the government nor the industry nor the regulators understand how that needs to be achieved . "
New sustainable buildings still draw on ideas known to the Romans " I think this government has an absolutely woeful track record on setting ill - considered targets on sustainability and then having to retract them , " Professor King said .
He cited a National Audit Office report on building works in 2008 and 2009 , which showed that 80 % of projects undertaken by the government failed to meet its own standards of sustainability .
However , the authors said that targets should not be revised but rather that implementation of building physics , both in academia and on job sites , must be radically increased .
" We see this report as a huge contribution to the debate , really raising the profile of a part discipline of engineers that we need - who will bring in those new technologies [ and ] who will bring in new materials and new methods , " said report co-author and Royal Academy of Engineering fellow Scott Steedman .
He suggested that the vanguard of that movement could lie with the largest landowners in the UK , such as government and universities .
" These are groups that can take early action and say ' we are requiring this approach from our facilities ' to show there 's a way forward here .
That would help to drive the supply chain , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW YORK , United States —
The Baha'i International Community has issued a statement condemning the trial of 16 individuals in Iran yesterday as a " violation of all internationally accepted standards of legal due process . "
The statement highlights the lack of proper legal representation for the defendants and the use of unreliable " confessions " in the trial .
One of the 16 on trial is a Baha'i .
" The use of coerced ' confessions ' and the denial of adequate legal representation reflect the Iranian authorities ' growing assault on human rights , " said Bani Dugal , principal representative of the Baha'i International Community to the United Nations .
The complete statement follows :
The trial yesterday of 16 individuals in Iran , apparently accused of participating in the Ashura demonstrations on 27 December , stands in violation of all internationally accepted standards of legal due process .
While facts are unavailable to the Baha'i International Community concerning 15 of the defendants in the court proceedings , it can confirm that one individual – identified only as " P.F. " in government reports – is a Baha'i .
The show trials in the aftermath of the June 2009 presidential election , at which defendants have been forced to read statements incriminating themselves , have completely discredited " confessions , " such as the one purportedly made by " P.F. , " both inside and outside of Iran .
It is well known that such confessions are obtained while prisoners are under extreme duress , often after being exposed to such appalling tactics as food and sleep deprivation , fake executions , threats against their families , and worse .
Rather than accepting responsibility for the turmoil in the country , the Iranian government organizes such show trials in order to lay the blame on innocent citizens and others .
While it is claimed that the court proceedings are open , not even the families of the defendants are notified of the trial of their loved ones .
The person identified as P.F. , along with nine other Baha 'is who were arrested on 3 January in Tehran , has not been able to contact his family , has been denied access to a lawyer , and was not allowed to choose his own legal representation .
The government - appointed lawyer who acted on behalf of P.F. did nothing more than to accept the " confession " of his client and make a pro forma request for leniency .
The Iranian government is well aware that it is a fundamental principle of the Baha'i Faith that its followers strictly refrain from involvement in any partisan political activity , whether local , national , or international .
Consequently , the arrest of ten Baha 'is on 3 January , a full week after the Ashura demonstrations , and the claims that Baha 'is were behind the recent anti-government turmoil have come as a complete surprise to the Baha 'i community .
These fabricated accusations clearly appear to be not so much about some Baha 'is participating in the Ashura demonstrations .
They point instead to a scenario which has been concocted by the authorities to justify placing further restrictions on the activities of the Baha 'i community .
This is but the most recent tactic in the ongoing systematic campaign of persecution that seeks to eliminate the Baha 'i community as a viable entity in that country .
We call on governments and fair - minded people throughout the world to join us and raise their voice to protest against the blatant violations of human rights in Iran , of which yesterday 's trial is only the most recent example .
According to a report by Amnesty International , which investigated the sales , the US government arranged for the delivery of at least 200,000 Kalashnikov machine guns from Bosnia to Iraq in 2004 - 05 .
But though the weaponry was said to be for arming the fledgling Iraqi military , there is no evidence of the guns reaching their recipient .
Senior western officials in the Balkans fear that some of the guns may have fallen into the wrong hands .
A Nato official described the trade as the largest arms shipments from Bosnia since the second world war .
The official told Amnesty : " Nato has no way of monitoring the shipments once they leave Bosnia .
There is no tracking mechanism to ensure they do not fall into the wrong hands .
There are concerns that some of the weapons may have been siphoned off . "
European administrators in Bosnia , as well as NGOs working to oversee the stockpiling and destruction of weapons from the Bosnian war of the 1990s , are furious that the Pentagon 's covert arms - to - Iraq programme has undermined the disarmament project .
" It 's difficult to persuade people to destroy weapons when they 're all holding back and waiting for Uncle Sam to arrive with a fistful of dollars , " said Adrian Wilkinson , a former British officer overseeing a UN disarmament programme in former Yugoslavia .
The international administration running Bosnia repeatedly sought to impose an arms export moratorium , but under US pressure it was suspended several times to enable the arms shipments to go ahead .
The British government is funding a programme to destroy 250,000 small arms , a legacy of the Bosnian war , but the project is faltering because people are reluctant to surrender weapons that might mean money .
Nato and European officials confirm there is nothing illegal about the Bosnian government or the Pentagon taking arms to Iraq ; the problem is one of transparency and the way the arms deals have been conducted .
" There are Swiss , US and UK companies involved .
The deal was organised through the embassies [ in Bosnia ] and the military attaché offices were involved .
The idea was to get the weapons out of Bosnia where they pose a threat and to Iraq where they are needed , " the Nato official said .
Mr Wilkinson said : " The problem is we have n't seen the end user . "
A complex web of private firms , arms brokers and freight firms , was behind the transfer of the guns , as well as millions of rounds of ammunition , to Iraq at " bargain basement prices " , according to Hugh Griffiths , Amnesty 's investigator .
The Moldovan air firm which flew the cargo out of a US air base at Tuzla , north - east Bosnia , was flying without a licence .
The firm , Aerocom , named in a 2003 UN investigation of the diamonds - for - guns trade in Liberia and Sierra Leone , is now defunct , but its assets and aircraft are registered with another Moldovan firm , Jet Line International .
Some of the firms used in the Pentagon sponsored deals were also engaged in illegal arms shipments from Serbia and Bosnia to Liberia and to Saddam Hussein four years ago .
" The sale , purchase , transportation and storage of the [ Bosnian ] weapons has been handled entirely by a complex network of private arms brokers , freight forwarders and air cargo companies operating at times illegally and subject to little or no governmental regulation , " says the report .
The 120 - page Amnesty report , focusing on the risks from the privatisation of state - sponsored arms sales worldwide , says arms traffickers have adapted swiftly to globalisation , their prowess aided by governments and defence establishments farming out contracts .
The US shipments were made over a year , from July 2004 , via the American Eagle base at Tuzla , and the Croatian port of Ploce by the Bosnian border .
Aerocom is said to have carried 99 tonnes of Bosnian weaponry , almost entirely Kalashnikov AK - 47 assault rifles , in four flights from the Eagle base in August 2004 , even though , under pressure from the EU , the firm had just been stripped of its operating licence by the Moldovan government because of " safety and security concerns " .
Amnesty said there was no available record of the guns reaching their destination .
Mr Griffiths contacted the coalition authorities in Baghdad , who denied all knowledge of any weapons purchases from Bosnia .
The contracts are said to have been arranged by the military attache of the time , at the US embassy in Sarajevo .
Bosnian documentation named " coalition forces in Iraq " as the end users for five arms shipments .
The Amnesty report says the command force in Iraq , the coalition group training Iraqi security forces , and the overseeing US general , had claimed " not to have ... received any weapons from Bosnia , " the report says .
Mr Wilkinson said : " What are the control mechanisms ?
How is it all verified ? "
The fate of the arms cargo appears to have been buried in the miasma of contracting and subcontracting that have characterised the deals .
The Pentagon commissioned the US security firms Taos and CACI - which is known for its involvement in the Abu Ghraib prison controversy in Iraq - to orchestrate the arms purchases and shipments .
They , in turn , subcontracted to a welter of firms , brokers , and shippers , involving businesses based in Britain , Switzerland , Croatia , Moldova , and Bosnia .
" The [ Pentagon ] and its principal US contractor , Taos , appear to have no effective systems to ensure that their contractors and subcontractors do not use firms that violate UN embargos and also do not use air cargo firms for arms deliveries that have no valid air operating certificates , " Amnesty said .
Global traffic in weapons
A Dutch timber trader is in custody in Rotterdam awaiting trial on charges of complicity in crimes against humanity .
Guus van Kouwenhoven was arrested last year , suspected of brokering the supply of large quantities of arms to Liberia from China in breach of a UN arms embargo .
The case is the first instance of an alleged arms trader facing trial accused of war crimes on an international scale .
For Amnesty International , the Dutch case highlights the risks emerging from the flourishing trade in largely state - sponsored arms deals where governments increasingly farm out the business to the private sector , which includes brokers , arms dealers , freight companies and shippers .
The Amnesty study points out that 35 of the world 's wealthiest countries are responsible for at least 90 % of the world 's arms trade .
Since the end of the cold war there have been at least 50 armed conflicts worldwide , mostly in poor , " developing " , countries , while the arms supplies and money fuelling these conflicts stem largely from wealthy countries .
National and international law is failing to keep up with the globalisation of the arms trade .
Arms traffickers are prime beneficiaries of government - to - government business as military industries are increasingly " outsourced " .
The Amnesty International UK director , Kate Allen , said : " Arms brokers and transporters have helped deliver the weapons used to commit human rights abuses all over the world .
Yet only 35 states have laws to regulate brokers .
Countries need to get tough ... we need an arms trade treaty to bring the whole industry under controls .
The trade is out of control and costing hundreds of thousands of lives every year . "
President Barack Obama delivers his first State of the Union address on Capitol Hill in Washington , January 27 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Tim Sloan / Pool
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama will propose cutting or changing some 120 items in his budget for fiscal 2011 that will help save $ 20 billion this year , the White House said on Saturday .
Obama , who on Monday presents his budget proposals for the fiscal year starting October 1 , has promised to tackle record deficits by initiating a spending freeze on some domestic programs and eliminating programs that are redundant .
The White House gave a preview of some of those cuts in a statement published on its blog on Saturday .
One of the proposals would eliminate the “ Advanced Earned Income Tax Credit , ” which allows eligible taxpayers with children to get a portion of the a tax credit paid out in their paychecks throughout the year .
The White House said only 514,000 people -- 3 percent of those eligible -- claimed the credit and the error rate for the program was high , with 80 percent of recipients not complying with one or more of the program ’s requirements .
“ This ineffective and prone - to - error program should be eliminated , ” White House Communications Director Dan Pfeiffer said in the statement .
Other changes would include consolidating 38 programs at the Department of Education into 11 to clamp down on inefficiencies and demand greater accountability from states and school districts on grant programs .
MOST people think of the grand challenges in computing as big science projects , like simulating nuclear explosions or protein folding .
But with the holiday shopping season just ended , consider another : retail marketing .
Retailing is emerging as a real - world incubator for testing how computer firepower and smart software can be applied to social science  in this case , how variables like household economics and human behavior affect shopping .
To be sure , major retailers like Wal - Mart Stores have long been sifting through in - store sales and demographic information to aim goods at different stores and to tightly manage supplies .
But what is changing , experts say , is the rapid surge in the amount and types of digital data that retailers can now tap , and the improved computing tools to try to make sense of it .
The data explosion spans internal sources including point - of - sale and shipment - tracking information , as well as census data and syndicated services .
Companies also track online visitors to Web commerce sites , members of social networks like Facebook and browsers using smartphones .
Slide 1 of 15 ,
The Andromeda Galaxy in all its glory .
The nearest major spiral galaxy to the Milky Way , Andromeda , named after its constellation and also known as M31 , is the largest galaxy in the Local Group of Galaxies .
It is about 220,000 light years in diameter to the Milky Way 's 100,000 .
Sooner or later , we 'll all develop cancer .
The only people who fail to develop cancer are those struck down by other causes ; you should think of cancer as less a disease and more a natural consequence of mammalian biochemistry , a form of runaway failure of cellular processes that are normally vital to health and longevity .
The biochemical damage that occurs with aging makes the failures that cause cancer ever more likely to occur , and also renders the immune system ever less able to destroy cancerous cells in their earliest stages .
If you 're a mature individual , the chances are that your immune system has destroyed a few very early stage cancers already , and you are none the wiser .
But that defense system is slowly failing with age , just like the rest of your biology .
I should add that there are , as ever in biology , a few noteworthy exceptions to my sweeping statements above , such as the naked mole rat .
But even there I 'd wager these animals would develop cancer if they but lived long enough - they just have a better first line of defense than we do .
Given the apparent inevitability of cancer , why am I unconcerned ?
In short , I have perhaps two or three decades to go before I enter the high risk years for developing cancer .
I am confident that by that time , very effective targeted cancer therapies with few side - effects will be widely available .
Consider that :
Cancer research is perhaps the most highly funded and widely supported of any modern distributed medical development program .
Over the past five years , very impressive anti-cancer technology demonstrations have been made .
These are a new breed of targeted therapy , built using the latest tools of modern biotechnology .
Immune cells , viruses , or nanoparticles are engineered to home in on the distinctive surface chemistry of cancer cells - and then destroy them .
With a sufficiently good targeted therapy , even aggressive metastasis of cancer becomes a minor inconvenience .
Those spreading cancer cells will still be found and killed , no matter where they are in the body .
The new breed of cancer therapies are as well placed as any new biotechnology could expect to be to make their way through the horrors of an FDA approval process .
A decade and many fortunes will be lost to regulation , but commercial therapies will emerge - and if not in the US , elsewhere in the world .
Medical tourism to destinations outside the US will itself be a huge and thriving economy a decade from now if the FDA continues its present path .
Cancer is , by and large , not a rapid or unexpected killer .
It is certainly not faster than the time taken to apply a targeted therapy of the sort presently under development in the laboratory .
Think of a worst case scenario : a brain cancer discovered late and already well into the process of metastasis .
You started to have headaches and blurred vision , saw a physician , and learned that , without treatment , you only have a few months left to live .
If that were today , you would have to come to terms with your fate and your ill luck .
But in 2030 , your status would place you at the head of the line for a clinical appointment , and within a week you would undergo an infusion of biological killing machines - viruses , assembled nanoparticles , or some form of natural or artificial cell - configured to recognize and slay your cancer .
A month later , there is n't a trace left of your advanced tumor and its offshoots .
This is why I am not worried about cancer .
The plausible future is one in which we will all develop cancer , and very few of us will be any more than slightly inconvenienced by it .
2009 was quite a year , was n't it ?
Harmonix sacked 39 people .
Funcom has announced plans to send 20 % of its workforce home for the Long Weekend of No Return .
EA sent an astounding 1,500 people to the unemployment gulag .
Newcomer Endrant Studios used the dreaded Scythe of Headcount Reduction as soon as Wolfenstein launched .
Avalanche Studios just caused 20 of their employees to become jobless .
Midway fired everyone at its headquarters before the company disappeared down the gullet of Warner Bros .
Gearbox pink - slipped 25 people .
And that 's not anywhere near the full list .
The year was a bloodbath for people in the games industry , and while I hope the worst is over , I expect more people to lose their jobs in 2010 .
So I thought I 'd offer the games industry a little friendly advice as we head into the new year .
Here are my suggestions for how to save money and make more money without needing to shed any more blood .
A lot of this might seem to be aimed at EA , but really this advice applies equally well to all of the big players .
Stop spending so much on graphics .
As I have said before , we 're way past the point of diminishing returns .
The difference between " good graphics " and " crappy graphics " is far more about art design and far less about exploring new frontiers in real - time ray tracing .
You 'll be amazed at how much faster your artists can work when they 're not being handed a whole new set of tools to learn every eighteen months .
Do n't abandon everything for casual gaming .
Warning : I hate , hate , hate the term " casual gamer " because it 's so often ambiguous and condescending .
However , I 'm going to use the term in the following paragraph for the sake of getting on with this article and not boring you with my usual tirade .
Okay ?
Thanks !
EA bought up casual game developer Playfish for $ 300 million .
That 's a lot of fish .
The Wii is already trying to be the console for casuals , and there are a lot of other casual developers on the scene .
This is in addition to all the stuff going on with portables and in the indie scene , both of which overlap more with the casual market than with big - name AAA gaming .
Everyone seems to be trying to " go casual " at once , and there is a serious risk that this will lead to a glut .
Casual gaming has been on the rise for years .
Companies jumping on the bandwagon now are like the guys who started buying dot - com stocks in February 2000 .
Maybe you should focus on improving your existing business instead of trying to take over a new market .
Get good at one thing before branching out .
BEIJING — These appear to be dark days for the Internet in China .
Four months into a crusade against Internet pornography , the government is closing thousands of sites — some pornographic , some not — and tightening rules on who can register Web addresses inside China .
Customers surf the Web at an Internet café in Wuhu , central China , in a photo taken in February .
A backlash against Beijing 's moves to block access to the Internet has spurred attempts by many users to ' scale ' the so - called Great Firewall of censorship .
Agence France - Presse
Foreign sites such as Facebook , YouTube and Twitter , blocked by censors in the run-up to the 60th anniversary of Communist Party rule on Oct. 1 , remain inaccessible to most Chinese users .
Several prominent critics of the state who used the Internet to spread their message have been detained or imprisoned .
Yet this list of casualties obscures a larger truth :
The censors are losing .
The dozen or so years since the Web came to China have seen repeated rounds of crackdowns and detentions , aided by a steady growth in scope and sophistication of the government 's filtering apparatus that critics dub the Great Firewall .
Still , the Internet has enabled more Chinese to have more access to information today , and given them greater ability to communicate and express themselves than at any time since the founding of the People 's Republic .
The censors " are winning the battles everywhere , " says Isaac Mao , a blogging pioneer based in China and Chinese - Internet researcher , " but losing the war . "
In 2009 , Beijing lost a big battle , too , in the so - called Green Dam episode .
It was the most dramatic illustration of the limits of the censors ' power .
The government 's plan to quietly compel all personal - computer makers put Web - filtering software known as Green Dam - Youth Escort into new PCs shipped into China was indefinitely shelved , amid anger from global technology companies and Chinese citizens alike .
The government said the software was meant to block children from accessing pornography , but critics said that it was unreasonable to require a specific program for all PCs , and that the software was filtering a broad range of content , such as social and political commentary , and even health , among others .
What would have been the state 's most extensive measure ever to cleanse the Web instead awakened a new segment of society to the constraints imposed on them .
The Great Firewall 's power used to be in the government 's ability to keep its vast Internet control system under the radar of Chinese users , few of whom use the Web mainly for politics .
Now , " fan qiang " — a cyber dissident 's phrase meaning to " scale the wall " — has become standard lingo for Chinese Internet users of many persuasions .
This year , the domestic backlash against Green Dam spread through the Internet , as did much lively discussion over matters long off - limits for public debate .
It carried word of a young woman prosecuted for the self - defense killing of a local - government official who had tried to rape her .
In another case , it spread awareness that officials blamed the death of a man in police custody on a game of hide - and - seek with other inmates that turned deadly , which in turn led to accusations by Internet users of a cover - up .
A relatively small — and growing — group of savvy Internet users have been able to able to access blocked social networking sites such as Twitter to express defiance over Beijing 's Web restrictions and to share banned information .
More broadly , the Internet has given citizens a chance to discuss and organize action on sensitive issues .
" The Internet has been very important .
You can express yourself ; you can distribute information to change other people 's views ; you can communicate ; you can organize , " says Wan Yanhai , a prominent Beijing - based AIDS activist , who started his organization with the help of email and the Web .
" In the past 10 years , it has affected people 's lives so much .
It has given people courage to change society . "
To say that the censors are losing is n't to say they have lost .
If the Communist Party 's grip over information is loosening , it is far from clear whether its hold on political power in China is ultimately threatened by the trend .
To the extent authorities allow more freedom to vent on the Internet , they may even help preserve party power by providing a necessary release valve for complaints .
The Communist Party has always been acutely aware of the power of information .
From the start of its rule , it barred foreign news sources , and propaganda officials tightly controlled the content of every publication and broadcast in the country .
A brief period of liberalization came in the late 1980s , when college students and other members of the elite were allowed greater leeway to gather and discuss ideas .
But that freedom was limited by technological and other constraints on the spread of information .
The period ended with the government 's crackdown on the Tiananmen Square pro-democracy demonstrations in 1989 .
Less than a decade later , the Web 's advent in China posed a conundrum for the party that has never gone away .
Officials recognized the Internet 's utility as access to the outside world and a tool for commerce , even if they fretted about its risks .
From the start , they shaped plans to control it .
In 1996 , they said all Internet subscribers had to register with their local police bureau — a mechanism that might have seemed feasible when there were less than one million users , but quickly became untenable as the number grew to the tens , and then hundreds , of millions .
In 2003 , China announced a large - scale plan to regulate the Internet called the Golden Shield Project , with the expressed purpose of letting public - security officials do online monitoring .
Today , multiple government agencies oversee a slew of Internet controls that include regulating locally run Web sites and forcing them to filter out illegal content , such as pornography or sensitive political topics .
These agencies might ask sites to provide information on users , may block overseas sites with sophisticated keyword - filtering technology , or at times even attempt to sway public opinion by planting comments on various Internet forums .
The government took more drastic measures when ethnic violence erupted in Xinjiang in July , and panic spread in part through rumors dispersed in text messages and in social media that a spate of syringe stabbings were an effort by Uighurs to infect Han Chinese with HIV .
Beijing blocked Internet access in the entire province .
On Tuesday , officials announced the blocks would be partially lifted , with access restored only to the Web sites of two state - run media agencies .
The vast majority of people in China use the Web for entertainment , not unlike what people elsewhere do : playing games , listening to music , getting celebrity gossip or reading about sports .
That trend is encouraged by Beijing 's efforts to curtain off certain subjects .
Web users in China who gain too much attention or strike at especially sensitive subjects are sometimes jailed .
That 's what happened to Zhao Lianhai .
After his young son was sickened by tainted milk in 2008 , he started a Web site to help other families and share experiences .
From a dimly lighted office in his home , Mr. Zhao compiled information from around the country into a database of children affected by the tainted formula , and published it on his Web site .
He kept his instant - messaging program open at all times to keep in touch with dozens of parents to track lasting effects of melamine poisoning , and to remind them to submit medical records for his database .
Running the site and getting past government barriers on the Internet became a full - time activity for Mr. Zhao , who stopped running the advertising company he had before his son got sick .
Mr. Zhao learned to outsmart China 's censorship system by moving his site to different servers , using special software that circumvents government filters and registering Web domains outside of China .
" I 'm not doing anything wrong , and I say that to anyone who tries to stop me , " Mr. Zhao said in an interview during 2009 .
Mr. Zhao 's activities so alarmed officials that they detained him in November , and formally arrested him in December .
But for each critic the authorities stop , more rise .
" There are simply too many people , " says Xiao Qiang , a scholar who studies the Chinese Internet at the University of California at Berkeley .
" They can do that to a very small group … but the approach certainly is not good enough to intimidate all the voices online . "
Mr. Xiao points to the example of Liu Xiaobo , detained in December 2008 for his role in creating Charter 08 , a sweeping call for political and legal reform in China .
Mr. Liu was sentenced on Christmas Day to 11 years in prison for subversion .
But since his detention , thousands more Chinese have signed Charter 08 through Internet sites that disseminate the document .
The government is getting better and faster in its effort to control content on the Internet , but it simply can't keep up with the proliferating moves to use the Web in more ways .
In the first six months of 2009 , an average of 220,995 Chinese a day started using the Internet for the first time , according to official figures .
That represents 153 new Internet users a minute .
That the Internet threatens , fundamentally , the party 's information monopoly is one of the few facts that China 's liberal activists and its government enforcers agree on .
In an essay published in December in a government magazine , Minister of Public Security Meng Jianzhu warned that the Internet " has become an important means for anti-China forces to engage in infiltration and sabotage , and to enlarge their power of destruction , which brings new challenges to the public security agencies to maintain national security and social stability . "
He pointed to the use of the Internet to spread word of unrest before the government has a chance to control it .
For Mr. Xiao at Berkeley , " essentially , the Internet is mainstream media .
Whatever happens on the Internet , the whole nation knows , and that also gets on the government 's nerves . "
From his perch in California , Mr. Xiao and his team spend most of their time scanning the Chinese Web , and documenting numerous cases of dissent and criticism .
Censorship is " more sophisticated , and its capacity is very powerful , but it is full of loopholes , " he says .
As the government tries to close them , " the main result is to create more resistance and backlash from Chinese Internet users , " Mr. Xiao says .
" They are creating a whole lot more enemies to the censorship system . "
Write to Loretta Chao at loretta.chao@wsj.com and Jason Dean at jason.dean@wsj.com
Qualcomm wins a slot in the Apple Tablet , which means all systems go for a Verizon launch .
Updated with additional analyst comments
SAN DIEGO (
The Street
) --
Qualcomm
( QCOM ) - Get Report
comes up big again with another win with
Apple
( AAPL ) - Get Report
.
The hotly anticipated
Apple Tablet
-- or the
Apple Newton II
-- will feature a wireless chip made by Qualcomm .
This discrete little fact would confirm that Apple has chosen
Verizon
( VZ ) - Get Report
as its telco partner , says Northeast Securities analyst Ashok Kumar .
Apple is planning two versions of the Tablet , says Kumar .
One would have Qualcomm 's wireless chip and WiFi .
The other would have only WiFi , similar to the distinction between the iPhone and iPod Touch .
" If Verizon was willing to offer a big subsidy , I can see Apple working with them on an exclusive basis initially , " Kumar says .
If true , it validates what
The Street
first reported in July -- that
Apple and Verizon
are working together to sell the
new Tablet
.
" This makes sense for Apple , " says Nielsen Wireless analyst Roger Entner .
" It behooves them to build a relationship with a company they have n't worked with yet , " Enter said , referring to Verizon .
Having a telco partner means the price of the
Verizon Tablet
will be less than a Tablet purchased directly from Apple .
Analysts estimate that Verizon will subsidize about $ 200 of the Tablet 's price and require a two - year data service plan of around $ 60 a month .
Apple is expected to sell the Tablet for around $ 800 without a subsidy .
Apple is expected to unveil the Tablet next week and make it available for sale in March , though the sale date might be delayed until June due to component supply shortages , Kaufman analyst Shaw Wu indicated in a note Tuesday .
The Tablet will also include a docking station , according to Northeast Securities ' Kumar .
This could be a crucial feature for consumers who harbor an ongoing love affair with keyboards .
For those unsatisfied with touchscreen typing , a dock would connect to a keyboard and mouse .
For Qualcomm , this will be the third high - profile design win in a new crop of mobile devices .
Google's
( GOOG ) - Get Report
Android
Nexus One
is powered by Qualcomm 's SnapDragon processor , the biggest win yet for that up - and - coming chip .
And earlier this month , as
The Street
exclusively reported , Apple chose Qualcomm 's wireless chip for a new version of
the iPhone that 's headed to Verizon
this summer .
It has n't all been homeruns for Qualcomm however .
Some analysts say the chip shop failed to deliver an all - in - one world phone chip that would have enabled Apple to build one iPhone for all carriers .
Qualcomm also did n't win the processor slot for the Apple Tablet .
Instead , that victory went to Apple 's own
P.A. Semi
, as Kumar first told
The Street
.
The snub was more painful for
Intel
( INTC ) - Get Report
, which had hoped to get involved with the
flagship Tablet device
, should that category attract consumers .
And that is the wild card for the Apple Tablet : Proving there is big consumer demand be for an in - between device with no keyboard and a $ 2,000 price tag that includes a data contract .
Thousands of people wo n't blink at the price , but millions probably will .
-- Reported by Scott Moritz
Related Stories
>> Telcos Hold Key To Apple Tablet Sales
>> Exclusive : Apple 's Tablet Has No Intel Inside
>> Apple 's iSlate Will be Game - Changing
Follow our tech coverage on
Twitter
and become a fan of
TheStreet.com
on
Facebook .
It ’s hard to imagine a better musical introduction to Elvis than “ Elvis 75 . ’’
Completists and connoisseurs of the incongruous have another option : “ Elvis : The Complete Masters , ’’ consisting of all 711 recordings by Elvis released during his lifetime .
Incongruity comes courtesy of the label , the Franklin Mint .
That ’s right , Elvis as somewhat dubious investment - quality collectible - and yours for just $ 489 ( plus $ 10 shipping and handling ) .
Somewhere Colonel Parker is all smiles .
There ’s some fuss , to be sure .
The most notable birthday tie - in is RCA / Legacy ’s four - disc “ Elvis 75 : Good Rockin ’ Tonight . ’’
The 100 tracks include all the greatest hits ( and Elvis , do n’t forget , had a lot of greatest hits ) , as well as album cuts , live performances , and rarities , including his very first recording , “ My Happiness , ’’ which he cut for his mother , Gladys , as a pay - to - record - yourself session back where it all began , at Sun Records , in Memphis .
Yet there ’s a detectable hesitation about observing - let alone celebrating - Elvis ’s reaching three score and 15 .
It ’s an event , but certainly not an . . .
Event .
One reason , of course , is that parties are more popular with a guest of honor , and Elvis left the building 32 years ago .
Beyond that , there ’s the matter of those two facts , the beauty and the joke it became .
They go a long way toward accounting for the relative lack of fuss .
He would have been 75 on Friday .
This culture is as crazy for birthdays and anniversaries as it is for awards .
It ’s all the same principle :
Any excuse for a high - profile party , especially one with lucrative commercial prospects .
And who , even 30 years after his death , might offer better commercial prospects than the one figure who ’s been on a first - name basis with the planet for the past half century ?
Popes and monarchs require numerals .
Mao Zedong , Muhammad Ali , Bob Dylan :
They have to settle for a surname .
With all due respect to Mssrs. Costello , Stojko , Peacock , and Mitchell , there is only one Elvis .
By the time of his death , Elvis had already proven himself the ultimate Elvis impersonator .
He stays encased , liposuction - resistant , within the bombast , the karate chops , the jumpsuits , the dying on the toilet .
Beauty and the beast , that at least has a track record .
But beauty and the punch line ?
As always , Elvis Aron Presley was a category of one .
Of course he did end up looking like a white Fats Domino ( worse , actually - Fats has never looked swollen or appeared glum ) , and that ’s the second fact :
He became - he remains in some measure - a joke .
First , he was once beautiful , astonishingly beautiful , and that fact contributed so much both to the rapidity of his rise and the awfulness of his decline .
Beauty was almost as important to his success as race was .
Same voice , same talent , same songs sung by a white Fats Domino ?
The impact would have been nothing like what it was .
Music created and drove the phenomenon that was Elvis , but it was only part of what made that phenomenon so overwhelming .
The smart money ’s on the King of Pop.
Elvis always had an appreciation for other talent .
Recall , for example , his marveling to Lewis , Cash , and Carl Perkins about Jackie Wilson ’s imitation of him .
Also , even if he ’d managed to make it to 75 , we have to assume Elvis would n’t have wholly shed his baggage of weirdness .
How could he not have recognized an affinity with Jackson .
He might even have asked for the number of his tailor .
Some of the might - have - been questions about a living Elvis are mundane .
Which cape would he have worn for his Kennedy Center Honors ?
Would there have been a bidding war among Subway , Jenny Craig , and WeightWatchers for his services as spokesman ?
Which son - in - law would Elvis have favored , Michael Jackson or Nicolas Cage ?
That ’s the toughest challenge Elvis would have faced , the evolution of that persona .
There would have been many options available to him .
Go a bit feral and nuts , like Jerry Lee Lewis .
Get cuddly , like Little Richard .
( Years before Richard flourished in the kid market with “ Itsy - Bitsy Spider , ’’ a resigned - looking Elvis sang “ Old MacDonald ’ ’ in one of his worst movies - which is really saying something - “ Double Trouble . ’’)
Become simultaneously august and spare , like Johnny Cash .
Fade away and grow bitter , like Chuck Berry .
Or some combination of them all ; that would have been only his right , since Elvis was bigger than all of his contemporaries combined .
The what - ifs and unanswerable questions about John Lennon , say , are tantalizing .
They ’re also , other than the Yoko factor , primarily musical in nature .
Those about Elvis are likely to be at least slightly absurd and about meta -Elvis .
He was only 42 when he died , just two years older than Lennon , but his artistry seemed pretty much exhausted .
Lennon consciously spent the last few years of his life , not that he knew they would be the last years , shrinking his persona .
By the time of his death , Elvis was almost all persona .
Imagine Elvis with an iPhone .
That ’s impossible , of course .
It ’s not just because , obviously , he belongs to a low - tech past ( and he ’s definitely PC rather than Mac , the same way he was Cadillac rather than Porsche or BMW ) .
We bump up against the joke factor .
It almost sounds like a punch line , “ And then Elvis took out his iPhone ’’ ( rimshot ) !
TCM will air an Elvis movie marathon on Friday .
An exhibition on Elvis and the media opens at the Newseum , in Washington , D.C. , in March .
A recent DVD , “ Elvis : ‘ The Ed Sullivan Show ’ - The Classic Performances , ’’ reminds us of what all the original fuss was about .
And remember to get your Elvis iPhone app , which has been released in time for his birthday .
As might be expected , Birthday Central this weekend will be at Graceland , with Priscilla Presley and Lisa Marie Presley presiding .
Other Memphis events include a Grizzlies game on Friday night against the Utah Jazz , with the home team wearing blue suede sneakers , and on Saturday the Memphis Symphony Orchestra performing an Elvis pops concert .
Las Vegas has already gotten into the act , with Cirque du Soleil ’s “ Viva Elvis , ’’ which opened there last month .
Yes , it certainly is funny - though not funny ha- ha , like Elvis the joke .
Time slipping away - the beauty fading , as it had already started to do ; the youthfulness gone - is the other , more powerful reason for a muted response to Elvis ’s 75th .
An elderly Elvis subverts the very idea of Elvis .
In one of his most moving lines , W.B. Yeats wrote of a young friend killed in World War II , “ What made us dream that he could comb gray hair ? ’’
The thought of Elvis combing gray hair is unthinkable - and not just because he ’d started dying black from the very beginning .
Hard as it is to confront Elvis the joke , it ’s far harder to surrender a belief in Elvis the beautiful and young .
In a few more years , artistic exhaustion had set in .
You can hear the increasingly sad evidence on disc four of “ Elvis 75 . ’’
He ’d become a cover artist , a glorified lounge singer .
Since he ’s Elvis , the lounge singer can surprise you sometimes .
His “ Only the Strong Survive , ’’ on disc three , rivals Jerry Butler ’s original .
But to hear Elvis sing a “ Steamroller Blues ’ ’ that ’s a very pale version of James Taylor ’s already - pallid original is to know the truth of the title of another cover on “ Elvis 75 , ’’ “ Funny How Time Slips Away . ’’
The comeback special is the great hinge in Elvis ’s career .
Those 90 minutes on NBC proved he could still do it , and then some - even as they also made plain what even his most fervent fans knew to be true but might not care to admit :
He could n’t do it forever .
He still looked gorgeous , panther - sleek , the voice in excellent shape .
But the eyes had hardened and begun to dull .
Were those dollar signs occluding them , or simply the looming lights of Las Vegas ?
One question , at least , is strictly musical .
Would Elvis have gone “ Unplugged ’ ’ ?
That one ’s been answered actually .
Elvis invented the concept , on his 1968 broadcast on NBC , the “ comeback special , ’’ where he plays in the round with Scotty Moore and D.J. Fontana .
Those numbers are among the finest rock ’ n ’ roll ever filmed .
How would he have taken to Al Gore invoking his name at the 1992 Democratic National Convention : “ It ’s always been my dream to come to Madison Square Garden and be the warm - up act for Elvis , ’’ with its implication that Gore ’s running mate was campaigning to be King as well as president ?
Would he have gone to Richard Nixon ’s funeral ?
Would he have been invited ?
It would have been a good career move for both of them .
Year after year , the most - requested item for reproduction from the National Archives is the photograph of Elvis shaking hands with Nixon in the Oval Office .
The fun in speculating about these questions comes from our inability to jump to conclusions .
Part of what made Elvis Elvis was his capacity to surprise .
He was a huge Monty Python fan .
He memorized both Martin Luther King ’s “ I Have a Dream ’’ speech and Douglas MacArthur ’s West Point farewell address .
He supported Adlai Stevenson over Dwight Eisenhower .
Beauty and youth have lesser , far more common incarnations in prettiness and immaturity .
Elvis ’ faintly louche features - the sleepy eyes , the lopsided grin - kept his looks from mere prettiness .
As for immaturity , his artistry - what ultimately matters the most about him - provided unassailable protection .
From the very beginning , he displayed uncanny assurance .
It ’s there in that first recording for Gladys .
Listening to her son sing “ My Happiness , ’’ she was n’t just hearing a natural .
She was hearing a singer who knew he was a natural .
The contrast with Frank Sinatra is instructive .
We think of him as being so assured - he was the Chairman of the Board , after all , Rat Pack roisterer - in - chief .
But that came later .
Sinatra did n’t attain full and unmistakable command of his instrument until the early ’ 50s , with his Capitol recordings .
For the first dozen years of his career , he was still finding his way vocally .
A slight sense of insecurity was , if anything , part of Sinatra ’s appeal - an artistic skinniness to go with his physical skinniness .
In precisely the opposite way , Elvis ’s assurance was so much of his appeal .
It was what kept his sneer from seeming an affectation .
His assurance was also part of what made him seem so threatening ( which , depending on how old you were , was part of his appeal , too ) .
The hip - shaking that drew so much condemnation was the visible and outward sign of his absolute confidence as a performer .
Why should n’t he be confident ?
Elvis had an incalculable advantage over Sinatra .
Sinatra perfected a tradition .
Elvis created one .
He is a nexus of 20th - century popular music : blues and R&B and country and gospel and Tin Pan Alley ( he loved Dean Martin , and one of the first songs he recorded was Rodgers and Hart ’s “ Blue Moon . ’’)
With so many predecessors to draw on , Elvis had none to compete with .
There ’s a kind of logic , actually , to Elvis becoming a joke .
With no competition ( sure , the Beatles supplanted him , but it took four of them to do it ) , what was left for him to do ?
Self - mockery was the only way to up the ante on himself .
A few weeks ago I was walking down an aisle in a Rite Aid and noticed something odd about the music being piped in .
It was an Elvis song , but not one you ’d expect .
It was n’t “ Love Me Tender ’ ’ or “ Ca n’t Help Falling in Love ’ ’ or something more uptempo , like “ Return to Sender ’ ’ or “ All Shook Up . ’’
It was “ That ’s All Right , ’’ the first song Elvis recorded commercially , the start of what we now know as “ The Sun Sessions . ’’
It ’s been more than five decades , but there ’s still such freshness to the recording , such unexpectedness bursting through the familiarity .
Scotty Moore and Bill Black , on guitar and upright bass , hang on for all they ’re worth , trying to keep up with this crazy kid as Elvis ’s voice - urgent , insinuating - floats out over the beat , a croon that joins joy and nerves and arrogance ( already you can hear his sneer ) , and that voice turns almost spectral as it slides into its upper register whenever it comes to allll ri-iiiiii - ght .
( Forget “ E pluribus unum ’’ or “ In God we trust . ’’
The words that should appear on our currency are “ That ’s all right . ’’)
What I was hearing transcended beauty - it most definitely transcended joke - except that it had this in common with a joke : Filled with delight , I wanted to laugh .
Mark Feeney can be reached at mfeeney@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Enlarge Saul McSween , AFP / Getty Images Actor George Clooney signs autographs as he arrives to address the rally on the National Mall .
Celebrities , activists rally against Darfur genocide WASHINGTON 
A crowd of thousands joined human rights activists , movie stars , athletes and politicians in front of the U.S. Capitol Sunday to press for political support to end genocide in Sudan 's southern Darfur region .
" Paralysis in the face of genocide is wrong , " Sen. Barack Obama , D - Ill. , told the crowd .
He urged demonstrators to call on political leaders to put pressure on all sides to end the killing in Darfur .
The rally drew actor George Clooney , Nobel Peace Prize winner Elie Wiesel , Olympic speedskating champion Joey Cheek and House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi of California .
Clooney told the crowd it was critical to keep up public pressure " until this travesty ( against refugees ) is ended . "
" If we turn our heads and look away and hope they will disappear , then they will , " he said .
Rebels in Darfur , made up largely of Muslims from several non-Arab tribes , resisted what they saw as neglect by the Arab - dominated central government .
Militias , drawn from Arab tribes , tried to crush the rebellion .
The conflict has killed at least 180,000 people and left about 2 million homeless .
The Sudanese government might accept a United Nations force in Darfur to aid African Union troops if a peace treaty is signed .
PEACE TALKS : Rebels reject draft deal Amid ongoing peace talks , the plight of refugees in Darfur has worsened .
The U.N. World Food Program , citing a lack of funds , is cutting rations in half .
President Bush met with Darfur advocates at the White House on Friday and lent his support to the weekend rallies .
" For those of you who are going out to march for justice , you represent the best of our country , " Bush said .
The crowd , holding signs that read " Not on our Watch " and " Never Again , " ranged from Sudanese refugees to Jewish students .
Saul Finkelstein , accompanied his two elementary - school - age sons , Ethan and Aaron , from New York City aboard one of five buses from the Abraham Joshua Heschel School .
" It 's the biggest event of the year , " Finkelstein said .
" The school really rallied around it . "
Emily Raebeck , 21 , a student at James Madison University in Harrisonburg , Va. , said she learned about the rally on The Oprah Winfrey Show .
She said she wondered , " How have I not heard about this ? "
There were no official estimates of the crowd , but people were packed into a two - block area across from the Capitol .
Refugee Satima Haround , 40 , of Philadelphia said conditions in Darfur are " horrific " for the victims .
" It 's torture , humiliation , rape , shooting and slaughter right in front of their eyes , " she said .
Hassan Cober of Portland , Maine , said he was forced to leave his family and flee Sudan four years ago after many people were killed and raped in his village .
He urged the United States and United Nations to act quickly , saying he had no idea where his relatives were or whether they were OK .
" We need deeds , not words , " he said .
Contributing : Wire reports Enlarge By Manuel Balce Ceneta , AP Lynn Robinson , left , and Theresa Reuter don African costumes as they join thousands on The National Mall , to protest the genocide in Darfur , Sunday .
