First part of the Nanavati Commission report investigating into the Godhra train carnage was tabled in the Gujarat Assembly on the first day of it ’s monsoon session .
In 2002 , 59 Hindus including women and children were attacked by stones and cruelly burnt alive in Sabarmati Express compartment while train was passing through the Muslim locality in Godhra .
The Nanavati report says the incident of burning S - 6 coach of Sabarmati Express on February 27 , 2002 , was a pre-planned conspiracy and not an accident .
It also says that Maulvi( Muslim cleric ) Hussain Umarji planned the entire conspiracy .
The report says that 140 liters of petrol was purchased as the part of conspiracy to burn the bogey .
Abdul Razzaq Mohammed Kurkur and Salim Panwala had purchased petrol on the night of February 26 to be used in burning the bogey of Sabarmati Express .
The conspiracy was hatched at Aman guest house and meant to spread terror in the area .
Doors of S - 6 and S - 7 bogey were forcibly opened and a person called Hassan Lalu threw objects which were burning inside the bogey , according to the report .
Others named in the conspiracy are Shaukat Lalu , Imran Sheri , Rafique Batuk , Salim Zarda , Jabir Binyamin Behra , Sheraj Bala .
The first part of the report in it ’s last paragraph says that there was no evidence of the role of CM ( Narendra Modi ) , any Gujarat minister or police in this case .
The report adds that there was no evidence of them having not been able to provide protection , relief or rehabilitation to any riot victim .
As the report was being tabled in Gujarat assembly , Congress tried to raise ‘ point of order ’ but speaker disallowed .
Congress legislators staged a walkout in the Assembly and shouted slogans outside the floor .
Meanwhile , spokesperson of Gujarat government and also the Health Minister of the state Jai Narayan Vyas said ,
“ The report has clearly gone into details , analyzed all the evidences and has come to the conclusion that there was no failure of machinery as far as maintenance of law and order is concerned . ”
“ It had been conclusively established that Nanavati Commission was a commission , UC Banerjee Committee was just a committee not a commission , ” he added .
( In Photos - Top - To - Bottom : ( 1 ) Justice Nanavati ( rtd ) and Mehta( rtd ) presenting first part of Godhra findings report to Chief Minister Narendra Modi in Gandhinagar , ( 2 ) Coach s- 6 of Sabarmati Express about which the first part of report was , ( 3 ) Burnt body of a Hindu child who was in the coach attacked by Muslims mob in Godhra , ( 4 ) Burnt body of Hindu in Sabarmati Express coach S - 6 . )
Related Links :
- Liars should apologize to Gujarat : Modi
- Terror ’s Mask : India Today article on Maulvi Umarji
- Godhra : Tracking the plan : India Today article on Godhra investigation
- Godhra : 1928 : The story of Muslims war on Hindus as told by Gandhiji
Narendra Modi on Nanavati report and more ( Hindi Video ) :

It ’s an easy way to improve my english from home .
They have a flexible schedule , so I can take my english classes whenever I want .
Jetro Marco
Spain
‍
Highly recommended for all those students who understand that the process of learning a foreign language is a path that never ends and that only practice makes perfect !
Gordana Vlajkovic Serbia
‍ 
The potentiality to orientate the subject of the discussion .
the ability to check english translation in the frame of professional works .
the professionalism of my teacher .
Always ready to give me support , giving me tricks to be more efficient in my english learning …
Jacques Genteur France
‍ 
Well , as a teacher myself , I just have to say that I ’m impressed about the way you work and organise things , which is simple and very effective .
I also love the platform you use for teaching , which I had never heard about ( there ’s so much to learn ! ) .
And so far the materials are appropriate , Alysia [ TalktoCanada.com teacher ] is very good .
I ’m just so thrilled about your method and its possibilities that I ’m going to recommend your website to friends and former students .
Sergi Panisallo Teacher Spain
‍ 
It is very comfortable to have lessons at home ;
It is also really useful to have particular classes with a lot of conversation !!
Maya Alvarez Spain
‍
‍ 
I have an English lesson with my teacher once a week since Dec 2009 .
My teacher is a nice open - minded lady and I really enjoy an English lesson each time .
Yesterday , I had a business meeting with two Australians .
Before the meeting , I was little nervous .
But , I was surprised to know that I could speak English fluently at the meeting .
I am sure that this is because of an English lesson every week .
Thanks , TalktoCanada !
Moto Yashiro CEO of a Consulting Company Hong Kong
‍ 
I have an English lesson with my teacher once a week since Dec 2009 .
My teacher is a nice open - minded lady and I really enjoy an English lesson each time .
Yesterday , I had a business meeting with two Australians .
Before the meeting , I was little nervous .
But , I was surprised to know that I could speak English fluently at the meeting .
I am sure that this is because of an English lesson every week .
Thanks , TalktoCanada !
Moto Yashiro CEO of a Consulting Company Hong Kong
‍ 
I have an English lesson with my teacher once a week since Dec 2009 .
My teacher is a nice open - minded lady and I really enjoy an English lesson each time .
Yesterday , I had a business meeting with two Australians .
Before the meeting , I was little nervous .
But , I was surprised to know that I could speak English fluently at the meeting .
I am sure that this is because of an English lesson every week .
Thanks , TalktoCanada !
Moto Yashiro CEO of a Consulting Company Hong Kong
‍ 
I have an English lesson with my teacher once a week since Dec 2009 .
My teacher is a nice open - minded lady and I really enjoy an English lesson each time .
Yesterday , I had a business meeting with two Australians .
Before the meeting , I was little nervous .
But , I was surprised to know that I could speak English fluently at the meeting .
I am sure that this is because of an English lesson every week .
Thanks , TalktoCanada !
Moto Yashiro CEO of a Consulting Company Hong Kong
‍ 
I found the lessons really useful , and most of them are related to my professional attitude , how to communicate with clients .
Elena Cherneva Cherneva.com United Kingdom
‍ 
Flexible schedule with reasonable price .
– Native english speaker as a teacher …
Emails after lesson which tell words and sentences that I found difficulty help me to improve my English .
Kyoko Akano Product Manager Marketing Japan 
I think now I have the ability to talk in English more easily , I become more organized , my pronunciation is better , and I have more confidence in my language Mennat Allah Student Saudi Arabia
‍ 
I think now I have the ability to talk in English more easily , I become more organized , my pronunciation is better , and I have more confidence in my language Mennat Allah Student Saudi Arabia
‍ 
I think now I have the ability to talk in English more easily , I become more organized , my pronunciation is better , and I have more confidence in my language Mennat Allah Student Saudi Arabia
‍ 
Among the past century 's horrors , the Great Famine in Ukraine manages to stand out .
First , for the scale of the mass starvation inflicted by Stalin on millions of people in Europe 's agricultural breadbasket .
Second , for how little the world knows about this genocide .
A now - free Ukraine wants to change that and just marked the 75th anniversary of the 1932 - 33 " terror famine , " or Holodomor .
Starting in the late 1920s , Stalin set out to collectivize and hobble the Soviet peasantry .
His aim was to crush " the peasantry of the U.S.S.R ....
He 's not what most women might describe as a " good catch . "
Mohammed Bello Masaba , from a small town in Nigeria , is a short , slightly built 84 - year - old with no apparent income .
But that has n't stopped him taking 86 wives at the same time – and with a little help from God , he says , he may just marry a few more .
For decades , his unusual domestic arrangements drew little attention .
But when Mr. Bello Masaba , a Muslim , gave interviews to local journalists and television crews claiming he had special God -given powers and challenged accepted interpretation of the Islamic holy book , the Koran , his world came tumbling down .
Bello Masaba has run afoul of northern Nigeria 's Islamic sharia laws , Muslim clerics , Nigerian federal law , and even his town 's traditional ruler , the Emir of Bida .
Local authorities have stationed a dozen armed policemen outside the home he normally shares with his wives and over 150 children to protect them from angry neighbors , while Bello Masaba languishes in prison .
Yet he remains unrepentant .
" If God permits me , I will marry more than 86 wives .
A normal human being could not marry 86 – but I can only by the grace of God , " a defiant Bello Masaba told The Christian Science Monitor during a recent prison interview .
" I married 86 women and there is peace in the house – if there is peace , how can this be wrong ? "
Such statements are heresy here .
Under accepted Muslim doctrine , no mortal can speak directly with God and men are allowed a maximum of four wives at any one time .
Nigeria 's religious sensitivities
The case of Bello Masaba highlights just how sensitive matters of religion are in modern Nigeria .
In 2006 , scores of Nigerians died in riots over cartoon depictions of the prophet Muhammad in a newspaper in Denmark .
And in 2002 , hundreds died in religious demonstrations against plans to hold the Miss World beauty pageant in Nigeria .
And now , some are concerned that Bello Masaba could cause a similar uproar .
" In years past , he kept quiet and nobody bothered him .
But when he comes out and says publicly that anyone can challenge his interpretation of the Koran , then he is creating tension , " said Yahaya Abubakar , Emir of Bida seated on an elaborate throne at his palace .
Bida lies in Niger State , one of 11 northern Nigerian states that since 1999 have adopted Islamic sharia law .
Islam in Nigeria is far removed from the stringent form practiced in Saudi Arabia .
But after an influential group of Nigerian Islamic clerics known as the Jamaatu Nasril Islam , slapped a fatwa – or religious edict – calling for the death of Bello Masaba , the Emir of Bida was forced to intervene to prevent one of his subjects being targeted by an angry mob .
Dressed in an elaborately tied turban and flowing traditional robes , the emir explains how he called Bello Masaba to the palace and gave him a choice : divorce 82 of his 86 wives or leave Bida forever .
" We requested he either divorce 82 of them , or leave our sharia lands as I could n't guarantee his safety if he stayed , " says the emir .
Bello Masaba refused to accept either option .
The emir and the sharia courts have now left Bello Masaba 's fate to the magistrate courts where he faces charges of insulting the religious creed for his inflammatory comments about Islam .
The 86 wives protest
But what of the women in this marriage , the 86 wives so wronged ?
Well they 're mounting a protest to get their husband out of prison because , they say , they are happy with their unconventional arrangement .
" We are very happy .
He 's a good man , an honest man , and caring , " says Hajia Hafsat Bello , who is 49 years old and Bello Masaba 's third wife and mother of four of his children .
Standing in the courtyard of the half - finished two - story home she shares with her husband and his 85 other wives and more than 150 children , Hafsat Bello heaps praise on her husband .
Behind her , women wash clothes , prepare food , and braid each other 's hair .
It 's unclear who 's a wife , who 's a daughter , and who might have just dropped in for a chat .
Some of Bello Masaba 's wives are younger than some of his sons and daughters .
Three of his wives were pregnant when he was arrested , say police officials .
Most sleep three and more to a room in the dank and crowded home .
It 's a bewildering situation and many in Bida , including some lawmakers , believe Bello Masaba has fooled the women with magic .
" Most of these women are under a spell , " says Adamu Usman , attorney general and commissioner for justice in Niger State .
" No sane woman would want to live so many cramped together in the same room . "
Bello Masaba does not work and has refused to explain where he gets the money to feed and clothe such a large family .
His secrecy has only exacerbated the charges of witchcraft , with some speculating that he is using special powers to entrap the women .
Hafsat Bello , who weighs nearly 200 pounds and stands almost six feet tall in her plastic flip - flops is exasperated at such speculation .
" Look at me now ! " she says .
" Who can keep me inside ?
Can anyone keep me here against my will ? "
Biologists exploring the ocean floor for new sea creatures have stumbled upon one of the largest known single - celled creatures , a bland , grape - sized distant cousin of the amoeba that may solve a thorny evolutionary question that has puzzled researchers for decades .
Researchers have seen similar blobs on the ocean floor before , but what distinguishes the new one , called a Bahamian Gromia , is that it moves -- albeit very slowly -- by rolling itself along the ocean floor , leaving behind distinctive trails .
It is the first time that a single - cell organism has been shown to leave such animal - like tracks .
Those trails are virtually indistinguishable from fossilized tracks from the Earth ’s pre-Cambrian era more than 530 million years ago , tracks that suggested the existence of multicellular life in a period before such organisms were thought to exist .
Advertisement
Many researchers had argued that such trails could not possibly have been made by a simple organism , meaning that complex body plans had to have existed despite evidence to the contrary .
“ We now have to rethink the fossil record , ” said biologist Mikhail V. Matz of the University of Texas at Austin , one of the authors of a paper appearing today in the journal Current Biology .
“ We used to think that it takes bilateral symmetry to move in one direction across the sea floor and thereby leave a track , ” he said .
“ You have to have a belly and backside and a front and back end .
Now , we show that [ single - celled organisms ] can leave traces of comparable complexity . ”
The surprising creatures were discovered by Matz and biologist Sonke Johnsen of Duke University .
They were trolling the sea floor on the eastern side of the Bahamas , near Little San Salvador Island , in the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ’s research submersible , the Johnson - Sea - Link .
Advertisement
When researchers first sucked the creatures onboard , they thought they were simply soft balls of excrement .
“ We called them doo - doo balls , ” Johnsen said .
Eventually , however , they realized that the balls , which were as large as an inch in diameter , were alive .
Matz studied their genetics and concluded that the Gromia were related to giant , immobile amoebas found in the Gulf of Oman , near Antarctica , off Guam and in the Mediterranean .
After much debate , the researchers concluded that the Gromia were , in fact , leaving the tracks .
“ We watched the video over and over . . . and we argued about it forever , ” Johnsen said .
The creatures ’ motions were too slow to be captured on the video .
Johnsen guessed that they move about an inch a day or less .
Because the trails move in several directions at the same spot , and even change course , the researchers concluded that the Gromia were not being rolled by currents .
Advertisement
Closer examination showed that the surface of the creature , which the researchers also called a sea grape , is covered with tiny ports , and its interior is a fluid .
They apparently move by pulling sediment in one side and pushing “ pseudo feces ” out the other , Matz said .
If the Gromia is like other amoeba , Matz said , they rely on resident bacteria to ferment their food for them , living off the byproducts .
Unfortunately , the creatures are too delicate to study in captivity .
It is not clear how the sea grapes reproduce .
“ They obviously do , because there sure were a lot of them , ” Johnsen said .
There did not appear to be any smaller , young Gromia .
Advertisement
The Cambrian explosion occurred more than 530 million years ago .
Before then , according to fossil records , the only living organisms were single - celled creatures that sometimes clumped together in colonies .
After that time , for reasons still not clear , life began changing rapidly , with complex plants and animals evolving swiftly .
The appearance of the fossilized trails in earlier rocks had been a thorn in the side of biologists because they could not explain how they arose .
The new find provides a simple explanation that does n’t require any extraordinary occurrences , Matz said .
--
thomas.maugh@latimes.com
This is a guy is firing the 60 mm mortar handheld from the hip .
It almost knocks him over .
Hilarious !!
I advise you NEVER to do this !!!
I have used your cards for a while now and all has been well .
I made call in December using your card and apparently , AT and T claimed that you did not make the connection and since they are my provider , they went ahead and made the connection and charged me over $ 150 .
Is this how your cards work eventually ?
One of the victims , Jennifer Chapman , remained in hospital last night .
Her family provided The Age with a picture that clearly shows her pain .
Victoria Police Chief Commissioner Christine Nixon said earlier today as long as all of the car 's seatbelts were being used , overloading the vehicle with people was not a crime .
" No , it 's not an offence , '' she told Radio 3AW .
WATCH VIDEO OF THE TAC'S LATEST CAMPAIGN
" It 's a matter for the driver to see whether they can drive properly .
" In fact it 's the number of seat belts .
I think it 's four or something in this car , and if those people had the seatbelts on , no , it 's not an offence .
" It 's just the technical part of the law .
But RACV 's general manager of public policy , Brian Negus , told The Age having eight people in a car that seated four was totally unacceptable .
" It defies belief that you could fit eight people into this small car . "
SERGEANT BRAD PETERS , MAJOR COLLISION INVESTIGATION UNIT
" And even if the four seats were able to be used and that 's probably even some doubt and given eight people crammed in there , how do you get lap - sash seatbelts on ? " he asked .
'' And apart from anything else , you 've got four people in the car not wearing seatbelts and if it's not illegal then the Government
should move to change that , '' Mr Negus said .
Mr Negus said the RACV strongly discouraged overloading and occupants in vehicles going without seatbelts .
" The clear evidence that we have shows that multiple passengers travelling with inexperienced drivers is a recipe for a crash .
" In fact , if you look at P - plate statistics , the evidence we have clearly shows first - year P - platers with more than one passenger are between three and four times more likely to have a crash , '' Mr Negus said .
Roads Minister Tim Pallas said the national road rules were being reviewed .
" Revisions to the national road rules are already under way that will prohibit passengers from vehicles without wearing a seatbelt .
We will work to have these seatbelt laws introduced in Victoria as soon as possible , '' Mr Pallas said .
" I urge all motorists to use their common sense and take responsibility for their own safety and the safety of their passengers . "
Four of the car 's occupants in this morning 's crash were trapped and needed to be cut free after it crossed a median strip and smashed into a light pole on a service road .
With paramedic services stretched , police officer Senior Constable Kate Robinson was forced to drive an ambulance to hospital as paramedics fought to keep alive the critically injured driver .
" I think there was eight ( ambulances ) and there were people coming from everywhere , because all the eight people were sent away to different hospitals , '' Senior Constable Robinson told Radio 3AW .
" Eventually , I was required to drive the ambulance back whilst two of the ambulance members worked on the driver '' , she said .
Two of the car 's passengers , including a 25 - year - old man , also received critical injuries while another suffered serious injuries and was taken to the Royal Melbourne Hospital .
Four others are in a serious but stable condition , with two taken to the Dandenong Hospital and two to the Monash Medical Centre .
Paramedic team manager Phillip Campbell said when they arrived at the crash scene all power had been cut and at first they could only locate six people in the dark .
Two others appeared a short time later .
Two women , aged about 18 , had to be sedated and breathing tubes inserted into their lungs .
The crash comes just a day after a new advertisement launch by the TAC showing graphic scenes of car crashes that have killed young people .
The major collision investigation unit is investigating whether speed played a role in the crash .
Sergeant Brad Peters was astounded to discover there were eight people in the car .
" It defies belief that you could fit eight people into this small car , " Sergeant Peters said .
" This type of crash could have had a more tragic result and I am amazed that we 're not telling eight sets of parents their kids have all been killed . "
Sergeant Peters said police were still trying to identify some of the car 's occupants .
Loading The Princes Highway has now re-opened to traffic . with Larissa Ham and AAP
Gonzales escapes grand jury in prosecutor firing probe -- for now Nick Juliano
Published : Monday September 29 , 2008
Print This Email
This Mukasey appoints special prosecutor to continue investigation Alberto Gonzales has been spared a trip to the grand jury over his role in the firings of nine US Attorneys , but his successor , Attorney General Michael Mukasey , has appointed a prosecutor to examine the " haphazard , arbitrary and unprofessional " conduct of Gonzales and others involved in the ongoing scandal .
The Department of Justice 's Inspector General and Office of Professional Responsibility on Monday released a nearly 400 - page report on the US Attorney firings ( .pdf ) , which found the process was " fundamentally flawed " and placed the blame at the top of the department .
We believe the primary responsibility for these serious failures rest with senior Department leaders  Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and Deputy Attorney General Paul McNulty  who abdicated their responsibility to adequately oversee the process and to ensure that the reasons for removal of each U.S. Attorney were supportable and not improper .
These removals were not a minor personnel matter  they were an unprecedented removal of a group of high - level Department officials that was certain to raise concerns if not handled properly .
Yet , neither the Attorney General nor the Deputy Attorney General provided adequate oversight or supervision of this process .
We also concluded that Sampson bears significant responsibility for the flawed and arbitrary removal process .
Moreover , they and other Department officials are responsible for failing to provide accurate and truthful statements about the removals and their role in the process .
The report recommended appointing a special prosecutor to continue its examination , which was hampered by the IG 's inability to issue subpoenas to officials who had left the deparment .
Congress has been battling the White House for more than a year as it has tried to investigate the circumstances surrounding the attorney firings .
Several current and former Bush administration officials are subject to contempt of Congress proceedings after refusing to comply with subpoenaed testimony before the House and Senate Judiciary Committees .
 This report verifies what our oversight efforts this Congress showed , that partisan , political interests in the prosecution of voter fraud and public corruption by the White House and some at the Department played a role in many of these firings , " Senate Judiciary Chairman Patrick Leahy said in reaction to the report .
" These abuses are corrosive to the very foundations of our system of justice .
It is wrong and it is dangerous to undermine the nations premier law enforcement agency by injecting political biases to determine which cases should be prosecuted . "
House Judiciary Chairman John Conyers said the report confirms the " very worst suspicions " of members who have been investigating the scandal .
 This scheme  which the report makes clear was hatched in the White House -- was a fundamental betrayal of the American people and the men and women of the Department of Justice and it will be a long time before we can fully repair the damage ,  he said .
Mukasey , who took over the Justice Department after Gonzales resigned in the midst of the attorney firing scandal , portrayed the report as having " dispelled many of the most disturbing allegations " that followed revelations of the attorney firing scandal , but even he could not ignore its stark condemnation of the Department as it was run under his predecessor .
" However , the Report makes plain that , at a minimum , the process by which nine U.S. Attorneys were removed in 2006 was haphazard , arbitrary and unprofessional , and that the way in which the Justice Department handled those removals and the resulting public controversy was profoundly lacking , " he said .
Mukasey has appointed Nora Dannehy , an acting US Attorney from Connecticut , to continue the investigation .
Staff may be forced to relocate , the Prison Officers ' Association has warned Jack Straw has ordered an inquiry into the loss of a computer hard drive containing the details of up to 5,000 employees of the justice system .
The justice secretary is also trying to establish why he was not told of the blunder , which happened in July 2007 .
The details , of employees of the National Offender Management Service in England and Wales , including prison staff , were lost by private firm EDS .
Justice Minister David Hanson said he was " very angry " at the loss .
' Deeply regret ' " I await the enquiry to see the details of the information , but my assessment is that the confidentiality and the security of staff will , I hope , not be compromised , " Mr Hanson told BBC Radio Five Live .
The minister said the loss was " something which I deeply regret and am very angry about as a minister " .
But he also said it was " a historical loss which I do not believe will ultimately compromise the safety and security of those who work for us " .
Earlier , fellow Justice Minister Michael Wills had said there had been too many incidents of data loss in the private sector and the public sector and that " had to stop " .
" We 're giving the information commissioner new powers , we 're introducing new penalties for the reckless or knowing misuse of data .
We have to see an end to this sort of incident , " Mr Wills added .
' Level of risk '
The loss of the data by the private computing firm was reported to the Prison Service in July , but Mr Straw was not informed of the problem until now , after a letter about the missing drive was passed to the News of the World newspaper .
In a statement , Mr Straw said : " I am extremely concerned about this missing data .
" I was informed of its loss at lunchtime today ( Saturday ) and have ordered an urgent inquiry into the circumstances and the implications of the data loss and the level of risk involved .
" I have also asked for a report as to why I was not informed as soon as my department became aware of this issue .
RECENT LOSSES
Nov 2007 : 25 m people 's child benefit details , held on two discs Dec 2007 : 7,685 Northern Ireland drivers ' details Dec 2007 : 3 m learner drivers ' details lost in US Jan 2008 : 600,000 people 's details lost on Navy officer 's stolen laptop June 2008 : Six laptops holding 20,000 patients ' details stolen from hospital July 2008 : MoD reveals 658 laptops stolen in four years
Lost prison staff data :
Your views " My officials are also in touch with EDS as part of these processes .
We take these matters extremely seriously . "
The Ministry of Justice has contacted the Information Commissioner 's Office about the incident and will update it on Monday .
Justice Minister , David Hanson explained the purpose of the investigation : " That will look at both the information lost , how the information was lost and what subsequently happened in relation to reporting mechanisms through the prison system , and to ministers -- because obviously that is of concern . "
The latest disclosure comes just weeks after the details of thousands of criminals , held on a computer memory stick , were lost by a private contractor .
Shadow justice secretary Nick Herbert said : " The records of prisoners have been lost already and now we discover that personal data about prison officers has gone too .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" When was this incompetent government planning to own up to another data disaster - this time one which has put the security of thousands of its own employees at risk - and if , as they claim , they did n't know about this until now , who on earth is actually running the department ? "
The Prison Officers ' Association said the loss , which it had not been informed about , could end up costing the taxpayer millions of pounds .
National chairman Colin Moses said : " We are extremely concerned that not only has this data been lost , but that the Prison Service appear to have tried to conceal this serious breach in security .
" It is a breach that we believe could ultimately cost the taxpayer millions and millions of pounds , because , if the information lost is personal and sensitive , it may well mean staff having to move prisons , move homes and relocate their families . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Z is 6 weeks old now , heading towards seven .
He 's certainly a much more interesting person now and getting more interesting every day .
Folks who think they know me ask questions like , " Does he have a blog ?
Did you register ComputerZ.net ?
Where 's his pocket - protector ?
Is his GPS - enabled ? "
I 'm actually a little more pragmatic than my friends may think .
I want Z to be much more than the sum of his parents .
I want him to make mud pies and put bugs in jars and hike .
If he wants to code , great .
Hopefully he 'll spend him life not in front of a screen .
This means I will be a more outdoorsy person ( like my dad ) so that he might find more balance in his life than I have found ( so far ) in mine .
I want him to be comfortable in Portland , New York or Bulawayo .
I want him to be a flexible and competent citizen of the world .
I hope I have the tools to turn him into a interesting , non-neurotic individual .
Many of you have mentioned that you 've either just had a child or are expecting .
Many others with kid experience kindly offered me advice .
Some I took , some I discarded .
Here 's some tools ( and books and techniques and what - not ) that we 've found useful in this , the " fourth trimester " ( While he 's 0 - 3 months . )
Books
Equipment
BabyBjorn -
This was recommended by many and while its a little spendy , it 's worth it .
It 's expandable and will grow with him .
I carry him around the house happily and he tends to sleep right on my chest after a few minutes of walking .
Nojo Baby Sling -
More flexible and soft than the BabyBjorn , this carrier lets you hold the baby in about six different positions and also allows
Mom to breast - feed while he's in the sling .
Sony Baby Monitor - I tried and took back a number of Baby Monitors and this one was the cheapest and had the best sound quality .
The receiver is also rechargable and waterproof .
Diaper Genie - Makes poo disappear .
Yay !
Graco Travel System -
This combination car seat , car seat mount ( LATCH ) , and stroller ( pram ) is a winner .
Complex to initially assemble , but a snap to use .
Wife Acceptance Factor is high and it will grow with him .
Boudreaux 's Butt Paste - Great stuff , helps his tushy not be red .
He has n't had diaper rash yet .
Bouncer - I knew I 'd forgotten one .
JasonF reminded me about the bouncy seat .
Z digs it very much .
However , I 'm thinking the swing , while huge , might be better .
AVENT ISIS iQ Duo -
This is a great breast pump .
We did have a blown power supply early on , but their support was great .
What 's really significant about this pump is that is has only one button .
You pump " manually " like a standard manually pump and it records and watches your rhythm .
When you find a rhythm you like , you just press the one button and it continues automatically what you did manually .
Amazing .
It 's the iPod of Breast Pumps , if there can be such a thing .
Other Tips
Boobs -
It 's good to have at least two of these .
Man - boobs do n't count .
We 're fortunate enough that breast - feeding is going well and I think Z will be better for it .
- It 's good to have at least two of these .
Man - boobs do n't count .
We 're fortunate enough that breast - feeding is going well and I think Z will be better for it .
Patience - Sometimes he just needs to cry to release stress .
If he 's fed , he 's dry , he 's healthy , he 's slept , maybe he 's just releasing stress .
- Sometimes he just needs to cry to release stress .
If he 's fed , he 's dry , he 's healthy , he 's slept , maybe he 's just releasing stress .
Routine -
We figured this out early .
Around 8 pm we start the house winding down .
We turn down the lights , turn on some music and I give Z a bath .
We feed him and put him down .
He 's 6 weeks old and will sleep from 9 to almost 1 am .
He feeds then , and will sleep until 4 or 5 .
Feed again and he 's down until 9 - 10 am .
For us , this equals success .
Folks always ask if your baby sleeps through the night .
As far as I 'm concerned we 've got that now , it 's just that the night is 4 hours long . :)
I do n't expect him to sleep for 6 hours straight for a few months .
- We figured this out early .
Around 8 pm we start the house winding down .
We turn down the lights , turn on some music and I give Z a bath .
We feed him and put him down .
He 's 6 weeks old and will sleep from 9 to almost 1 am .
He feeds then , and will sleep until 4 or 5 .
Feed again and he 's down until 9 - 10 am .
For us , this equals success .
Folks always ask if your baby sleeps through the night .
As far as I 'm concerned we 've got that now , it 's just that the night is 4 hours long . :)
I do n't expect him to sleep for 6 hours straight for a few months .
Multilingual -
Mo is already chatting with Z in Ndebele ( Zimbabwe 's Zulu dialect ) and I 'm hoping to include Spanish as well when it 's time .
Check out Milind 's FAQ on raising polyglots .
- Mo is already chatting with Z in Ndebele ( Zimbabwe 's Zulu dialect ) and I 'm hoping to include Spanish as well when it 's time .
Check out Milind 's FAQ on raising polyglots .
Swaddling -
When he was in the womb he was swaddled 24 hours a day .
If we swaddle him 6 - 10 hours a day , he 's very comfortable and sleeps much better .
We swaddle him while he sleeps and he is less likely to wake himself up by bonking his own head .
When he was in the womb he was swaddled 24 hours a day .
If we swaddle him 6 - 10 hours a day , he 's very comfortable and sleeps much better .
We swaddle him while he sleeps and he is less likely to wake himself up by bonking his own head .
Tummy Time -
We let him chill and move around on his tummy for a a while every day , the intent being to avoid having him on his back too long and to build neck muscles .
Seems to be working , he 's starting to hold his own ( giant ) head up .
We now return you to your regularly scheduled technical blog .
Hundreds of anti-government protesters stormed Bangkok 's Suvarnabhumi international airport terminal on Tuesday night , forcing officials to halt departing flights as demonstrators fought running battles with riot police in the city .
Anti-government protesters cheer as they listen to a leader 's speech during a rally on Tuesday at Bangkok 's Don Muang Airport , which is being used as a temporary office for the country 's prime minister .
(( Wason Wanichakorn / Associated Press ) )
Members of the People 's Alliance for Democracy ( PAD ) broke through police lines and began roaming through the sprawling $ 4 - billion US terminal as startled tourists looked on .
The airport , a major southeast Asian hub that handles 13 million tourists each year , cancelled all departing flights as a result .
Earlier , thousands of the PAD supporters waved plastic hand - clappers , flags and portraits of King Bhumibol Adulyadej outside the airport .
They also blocked the four - lane access road leading to the airport with slung razor wire .
Airport manager Serirat Prasutanon said airport authorities tried unsuccessfully to negotiate with the protesters .
" For the safety for passengers , we have to stop flights out of the airport temporarily until the situation returns to normal , " he said in a statement .
He said incoming flights were operating and that the provincial governor asked the army to help police .
Protesters elsewhere used trucks to block part of the highway to the airport , tying up traffic ahead of the planned Wednesday return by Prime Minister Somchai Wongsawat from Peru , where he attended a summit of Pacific Rim leaders .
" Our goal is to shut down Suvarnabhumi airport until Somchai quits , " PAD spokesman Parnthep Pourpongpan said of the protest , aimed at Somchai .
The prime minister issued a statement late Tuesday saying he would find an alternative place to land , the CBC's Asia correspondent Michael McAuliffe reported .
The blockage marks the latest in a series of efforts by anti-government groups to oust the current administration .
Protesters , government supporters clash in city
Meanwhile , gunshots were reportedly fired as another large group of PAD protesters left an earlier rally on the road to the city 's old Don Muang airport , a part of which was being used as a temporary office by the government .
Public broadcaster TPBS aired footage that showed at least two security guards from the PAD firing half a dozen rounds from handguns at opponents on the major road in north Bangkok .
At least 11 people were hurt , a city emergency services official said .
The PAD said its members were attacked first with planks and stones .
The television footage showed members of the PAD group chasing the pro-government group , who appeared to number several dozen .
The footage showed the alliance supporters surrounding a motorcycle taxi driver and putting a knife to his throat .
After the driver fled , the protesters battered several motorbikes with steel rods and set fire to another one .
The People 's Alliance for Democracy opposes the current government , because it considers it to be a puppet of former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was accused of corruption and abuse of power , and was deposed in a September 2006 military coup .
Despite its name , the alliance and their sympathizers — monarchists , the military and the urban elite — complain that Western - style democracy gives too much weight to Thailand 's rural majority and leads to corruption .
They have proposed a system under which most lawmakers would be appointed rather than elected .
Based in Houston we are an award - winning Web Design and Web Development Company , offering Ecommerce , Mobile Application Development , Website Analysis , SEO , and CMS services to suit your needs .
Our portfolio reflects that we have completed nearly 400 + projects ( but oh so many more ) and have remained as one of the most preferred choices from our clients near and far for web design and web development projects .
Our team of experts has the required in - depth knowledge and field experience to fulfill all your Web design and web development needs 24/7 , just call us .
Customer satisfaction comes first with us , the feedback from our customers works as a stimulant that drives us to optimize our abilities .
We have a laid - out plan :
First , we consult with you , identify your exact requirements ( we call this discovery ) .
Secondly , our team works meticulously on your project following your finalized specifications to a " T " and getting your approval every phase of the way .
Lastly , when we handover the project ON TIME , and ON SPEC , we will consult and train you so you can manage your site at your creative inspiration and freedom .
Innovativeness , hard work , ethical practices , and total quality management have made us one of the best Web Design and Web development companies in Houston .
US consumers are increasingly reluctant to spend money
Consumer spending in the US fell in September by the biggest amount in four years , the Commerce Department said .
Personal spending fell by 0.3 % last month , despite a rise in incomes of 0.2 % , official figures showed .
The drop in expenditure was the biggest since June 2004 , and steeper than economists had predicted .
On Thursday , the Commerce Department issued figures showing the US economy shrank at an annualised rate of 0.3 % between July and September .
Consumer spending accounts for two - thirds of total US economic activity .
A number of US retailers have reported falls in sales for September , including department store JC Penny , upmarket rival Saks , high street retailer American Eagle Outfitters and online retailer Target Corp .
Low cost retailers Wal - Mart and Costco also failed to meet Wall Street expectations of sales for the month .
A drop in spending had been expected , although not as steep as 0.3 % .
Benign inflation
The spending report also showed that consumer inflation edged up 0.1 % in September , or 0.2 % excluding energy and food costs .
In a separate report , also released on Friday , the US Labour Department said wages and benefits of US workers rose 0.7 % in the third quarter , the same increase recorded in the previous two quarters .
Concerns over inflation have abated somewhat prompting the Federal Reserve to seek ways to boost the economy , such as by lowering interest rates to increase borrowing .
On Wednesday , the US Federal Reserve cut its key interest rate from 1.5 % to 1 % , as widely expected .
The relative lack of inflationary pressure in the US economy means the Fed will be able to make further cuts should it wish .
Shaky confidence
Earlier in the week , Conference Board figures showed US consumer confidence at a record low in October , amid falling global stock markets , rising property foreclosures and increasing job losses .
The board said the monthly consumer confidence index fell to 38 , down from a revised 61.4 in September and below analysts ' expectations of 52 .
It was the lowest since the board began tracking consumer sentiment in 1967 .
During a flight to Mars in the spaceship Mars Gravity Probe 1 , Commander Christopher ' Kit ' Draper and Colonel Dan McReady are forced to deviate from an asteroid and they leave their spacecraft in pods .
Draper lands on the surface of the Red Planet and survives .
He learns how to produce oxygen and while exploring the planet , he finds McReady dead in his crashed pod .
He finds also the monkey Mona and brings the animal to the cave where he is sheltered .
He learns that he can breathe the Martian air for short periods but needs also oxygen .
But Mona finds water and an edible plant in the underground .
.
After a long period alone , Draper feels the loneliness .
One day , he sees a spacecraft landing on Mars and he believes it might be the rescue team to save him .
But he finds aliens working on the planet and some of them are slaves .
One of them flees and stumble with Draper and he names him Friday .
Now he needs to find a way to be rescued and return to Earth .
Written by Claudio Carvalho , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
GOVERNMENT funds earmarked for replanting the diminishing tropical forests in the Solomon Islands were diverted to buying sawmills and chainsaws to fell more trees , the country 's auditor - general has reported .
The funds were disbursed last year under a previous government through half the members of the 50 - seat parliament , five of whom are ministers in the present government , including the Finance Minister , Snyder Rini .
The report , by the Office of the Auditor - General , is among a pile of hard - hitting documents shown to the Herald which detail irregular and inflated payments for projects in the key forestry and fishery sectors , as well as in relief operations for Gizo Island 's tsunami disaster in April last year , the inquiry into the 2006 Honiara riots , and support for national athletes .
Although the scandals occurred under the previous prime minister Manasseh Sogavare , toppled in a no-confidence vote last December , they are causing embarrassment to his successor , Derek Sikua , because individuals named include MPs who crossed sides to his government .
In the forestry scandal , the difficulty is deepened because Mark Roboliu Kemakeza , the forests minister for most of last year and a first - term MP , is the younger brother of the former prime minister Allan Kemakeza .
He became forests minister under Dr Sikua , who is serving a jail term for convictions related to political violence in 2002 .
Astronomers have used two different telescopes simultaneously to study the violent flares from the supermassive black hole in the centre of the Milky Way .
They have detected outbursts from this region , known as Sagittarius A* , which reveal material being stretched out as it orbits in the intense gravity close to the central black hole .
The team of European and US astronomers used ESO 's Very Large Telescope ( VLT ) and the Atacama Pathfinder Experiment ( APEX ) telescope , both in Chile , to study light from Sagittarius A* at near - infrared wavelengths and the longer submillimetre wavelengths respectively .
This is the first time that astronomers have caught a flare with these telescopes simultaneously .
The telescopes ' location in the southern hemisphere provides the best vantage point for studying the Galactic Centre .
" Observations like this , over a range of wavelengths , are really the only way to understand what 's going on close to the black hole , " says Andreas Eckart of the University of Cologne , who led the team .
Sagittarius
A* is located at the centre of our own Milky Way Galaxy at a distance from Earth of about 26 000 light - years .
It is a supermassive black hole with a mass of about four million times that of the Sun .
Most , if not all , galaxies are thought to have a supermassive black hole in their centre .
" Sagittarius A* is unique , because it is the nearest of these monster black holes , lying within our own galaxy , " explains team member Frederick K. Baganoff of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) in Cambridge , USA .
" Only for this one object can our current telescopes detect these relatively faint flares from material orbiting just outside the event horizon . "
The emission from Sagittarius A* is thought to come from gas thrown off by stars , which then orbits and falls into the black hole .
advertisement
Making the simultaneous observations required careful planning between teams at the two telescopes .
After several nights waiting at the two observatory sites , they struck lucky .
" At the VLT , as soon as we pointed the telescope at Sagittarius A * we saw it was active , and getting brighter by the minute .
We immediately picked up the phone and alerted our colleagues at the APEX telescope , " says Gunther Witzel , a PhD student from the University of Cologne .
Macarena García - Marín , also from Cologne , was waiting at APEX , where the observatory team had made a special effort to keep the instrument on standby .
" As soon as we got the call we were very excited and had to work really fast so as not to lose crucial data from Sagittarius A* .
We took over from the regular observations , and were in time to catch the flares , " she explains .
Over the next six hours , the team detected violently variable infrared emission , with four major flares from Sagittarius A* .
The submillimetre - wavelength results also showed flares , but , crucially , this occurred about one and a half hours after the infrared flares .
The researchers explain that this time delay is probably caused by the rapid expansion , at speeds of about 5 million km/h , of the clouds of gas that are emitting the flares .
This expansion causes changes in the character of the emission over time , and hence the time delay between the infrared and submillimetre flares .
advertisement
Although speeds of 5 million km/h may seem fast , this is only 0.5 % of the speed of light .
To escape from the very strong gravity so close to the black hole , the gas would have to be travelling at half the speed of light – 100 times faster than detected – and so the researchers believe that the gas cannot be streaming out in a jet .
Instead , they suspect that a blob of gas orbiting close to the black hole is being stretched out , like dough in a mixing bowl , and this is causing the expansion .
The simultaneous combination of the VLT and APEX telescopes has proved to be a powerful way to study the flares at multiple wavelengths .
The team hope that future observations will let them prove their proposed model , and discover more about this mysterious region at the centre of our Galaxy .
About Sagittarius A
Sagittarius
A is a compact object located at the centre of our own Milky Way Galaxy , at a distance of about 26 000 light - years from Earth .
In recent years , observations of stars orbiting in its strong gravitational grip have convincingly proven that Sagittarius A* must be a supermassive black hole with a mass of about four million times that of the Sun .
The 12 m Atacama Pathfinder Experiment ( APEX ) telescope is located on the 5000 m high plateau of Chajnantor in the Chilean Atacama desert .
APEX is a collaboration between the Max - Planck - Institute for Radio Astronomy ( MPIfR ) , the Onsala Space Observatory ( OSO ) and ESO .
The telescope is based on a prototype antenna constructed for the ALMA project .
Operation of APEX at Chajnantor is entrusted to ESO .
For this project , the researchers used the LABOCA bolometer camera on APEX .
The Very Large Telescope ( VLT ) at the 2600 m high Cerro Paranal is ESO 's premier site for observations in visible and infrared light .
The VLT has four " Unit Telescopes " , 8.2 m in diameter , operating with a large collection of instruments .
For this project , the researchers used the NACO adaptive optics instrument on the fourth Unit Telescope , " Yepun " .
Dinosaur king Tyrannosaurus rex may have actively hunted at night , stalking its prey with a highly sensitive nose , research suggests .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
A study found that T. rex had a superior sense of smell to other meat - eating dinosaurs .
The discovery could restore the dinosaur 's reputation as a fearsome hunter after claims that it primarily scavenged for food .
Dr Darla Zelenitsky , from the University of Calgary in Canada , who led a team looking at the smell centres or " olfactory bulbs " of dinosaur brains , said : " Large olfactory bulbs are found in living birds and mammals that rely heavily on smell to find meat , in animals that are active at night , and in those animals that patrol large areas .
" Although the king of carnivorous dinosaurs would n't have passed on scavenging a free dead meal , it may have used its sense of smell to strike at night or to navigate through large territories to find its next victim . "
The scientists scanned and measured the skulls of a wide variety of " theropods " - carnivorous dinosaurs which stood on two legs - as well as the primitive bird Archaeopteryx .
Although the brains of dinosaurs are not preserved , the space they occupied and impressions they made in the skull reveals a lot of information about their structure .
Of all the dinosaurs investigated , T. rex was found to have the largest part of its brain devoted to a sense of smell .
The findings were reported today in the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B .
Surprisingly , the extinct bird Archaeopteryx had an olfactory bulb as proportionally large as that of most theropod dinosaurs .
Modern birds , in contrast , have good vision but their sense of smell is usually poor .
" Our results tell us that the sense of smell in early birds was not inferior to that of meat - eating dinosaurs , " said co-author Francois Therrien , from the Royal Tyrrel Museum , Drumheller , Alberta , Canada .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
" The primitive bird Archaeopteryx had a sense of smell comparable to meat - eating dinosaurs , while at the same time it had very good eyesight . "
From Conservapedia
Draft of Conservapedia Response to PNAS Article by Lenski
Title :
Identification of flaws in the following paper published in PNAS : Blount ZD , Borland CZ , and Lenski RE , " Historical contingency and the evolution of a key innovation in an experimental population of Escherichia coli , " 105 PNAS 23 , pp. 7899 –7906 ( June 10 , 2008 ) .
Author :
Andrew Schlafly , B.S.E. , J.D .
Author Affiliations :
www.conservapedia.com, teacher of pre-college students
Text :
The following flaws in this PNAS paper negate its claim that E. Coli bacteria evolved through a beneficial mutation : [ 1 ]
1. Figure 3 depicts an " historical contingency " hypothesis around the 31,000th generation , but the abstract states that mutations " arose by 20,000 generations . "
The paper fails to admit that the Third Experiment disproved the contingency hypothesis depicted in Figure 3 .
2 . Both hypotheses propose fixed mutation rates , but the failure of mutations to increase with sample size disproves this .
If the authors claim that it is inappropriate to compare for scale the Second and Third Experiments to each other and to the First Experiment , then it was also an error to treat them similarly statistically .
3 . The paper incorrectly applied a Monte Carlo resampling test to exclude the null hypothesis for rarely occurring events .
The Third Experiment results are consistent with the null hypothesis , contrary to the paper 's claim .
4 . It was error to include generations of the E. coli already known to contain trace Cit+ variants .
The highly improbable occurrence of four Cit+ variants from the 32,000th generation in the Second Experiment suggests an origin from undetected , pre-existing Cit+ variants .
5 . The Third Experiment was erroneously combined with the other two experiments based on outcome rather than sample size , thereby yielding a false claim of overall statistical significance .
The underlying data for this publicly ( NSF ) funded research have not been publicly released , despite requests for such release and NSF policy that " data collected with public funds belong in the public domain . " [ 2 ]
cc :
Randy Schekman , Editor - in - Chief , PNAS , University of California at Berkeley ( by email and postal mail ) New Scientist ( by fax - 0171 261 6464 ) Rep. Brian Baird , Chairman of the Subcommittee on Research and Science Education of the U.S. House Committee on Science and Technology ( by postal mail ) Judicial Watch ( by email )
References
↑ Detail is at http://www.conservapedia.com/Flaws_in_Richard_Lenski_Study and its talk page .
↑
http://www.nsf.gov/sbe/ses/common/archive.jsp
The word count for the above letter is precisely the PNAS limit of 250 for the Text section , excluding the cc : list .
The foregoing letter is to be sent by postal mail , return receipt requested , to PNAS , 500 Fifth Street , NW , NAS 340 , Washington , DC 20001 , by email to pnas@nas.edu , and by posting it in its feedback form at http://www.pnas.org/feedback .
SWEDEN IS set to become the 23rd EU member state to ratify the Lisbon Treaty after its parliament , the Riksdag , approved of the document yesterday in Stockholm with 69 per cent support .
In the 349 - seat parliament , 243 MPs voted in favour of ratification , 39 voted against and 67 members abstained or were absent .
" In the parliament 's opinion , the Lisbon Treaty is better than the current treaty and strengthens the EU in important areas , " said a parliamentary statement announcing the result .
According to the Swedish parliament 's rules of procedure , adoption of the Bill required a two - thirds majority in the chamber .
By obtaining this qualified majority the government has received the necessary mandate by parliament to finalise the ratification process .
The debate , described later as " very good fun " by EU minister Cecilia Malmström , concentrated on concerns about Swedish collective wage agreements .
A European court recently ruled against Swedish unions who blocked a building site in protest at lower wages being paid by a Latvian construction company .
European Commission president José Manuel Barroso described Sweden 's vote as " an important step forward " .
" The Treaty of Lisbon will make the union more democratic , transparent and stronger on the world stage .
It would certainly have helped during the Georgia and financial crisis , " he said .
" We now await the approach that the Irish Government intends to take at the December European Council so that we can move forward with the ratification process . "
Three countries besides Ireland have yet to ratify .
Germany 's two houses of parliament have approved ratification of the Bill , but ratification is on hold pending a constitutional challenge verdict , expected in the new year .
In neighbouring Czech Republic , the supreme court is expected to issue its verdict on the treaty 's constitutionality on Tuesday .
In Warsaw , Polish president Lech Kaczynski has yet to sign the ratification Bill into law but promised yesterday not to hinder progress .
" Poland wo n't be an obstacle in the Lisbon Treaty ratification process .
I promised that to president [ Nicolas ] Sarkozy and I will keep my promise , " said Mr Kaczynski after being quizzed on television about this week 's Irish Times poll showing majority support for the treaty with additional annexes on a national commissioner , neutrality and abortion .
Earlier this year , Mr Kaczynski announced that " there is no treaty without Ireland " , but modified his position after talks with the French president .
The Bill has passed both houses of parliament in Warsaw .
Introduction
This is a personal recollection of my experiences in World of Warcraft , as I rose to riches in Azeroth .
This story is not meant to be neither a leveling guide nor a gold guide , though I am sure some will perceive it as such .
Pre-Wow
I have never been a hard core gamer .
Am proud to be part of the Commodore 64 and Atari 2600 generation .
In those days , playing was for pure fun .
I had never even heard of walkthroughs or cheats .
My sole purpose when playing was to enjoy the games .
I cared less about beating a game in less than a day , or beating a game at all .
While this changed a bit as I grew , inside me the core old school gamer forever remained .
Enter MMORPGs
I never played the early MMORPGs such as EverQuest and Ultima Online .
I did play some Diablo II , if that can be considered an MMORPG .
But one day I heard a friend in college talk about some MMORPG he has been playing , Asheron 's Call .
The concept of the online world now suddenly intrigued me .
At the time , there was a new MMORPG coming out , Asheron 's Call 2 : Fallen Kings , and I decided that this would be my entry point to the virtual universe .
Asheron's Call 2 ( AC2 ) was a great game , however its release suffered some mistakes that still occur even with releases of newer MMORPGs ( history repeats itself ) .
Problems included insufficient content , balance issues , and bugs .
Still I had some very interesting experiences there , a topic which I will leave for another article .
MMORPG - Hopping
Asheron 's Call 2 eventually shut down which made me feel sad , as I had enjoyed the game deeply .
Naturally , this sent me seeking other online worlds .
For the next couple of years I was cruising between various MMORPGs .
I visited Paragon City ( City of Heroes ) , Perrigen Falls ( Eve Online ) , Tyria ( Guild Wars ) and various other online worlds .
Finally I docked into Azeroth ( World of Warcraft ) and dropped anchor .
I rolled a Horde Undead Warlock as this sounded the coolest ( and still does ) .
Transmute !
At first I was not concerned about wealth and riches , just about having fun as usual , escaping every day issues of the real world .
As my professions I chose Herbalism and Alchemy .
This choice was influenced by the fact that I had just finished watching Fullmetal Alchemist .
Soon I noticed that there were several lower level herbs that were selling in the Auction House ( “ AH ” ) for a good price .
The main reason being that higher level characters were not inclined to waste time collecting lowbie herbs that would not have increased their profession skill .
Thus I started treating herb collection as a job .
I would regularly go out and gather herbs , then sell them in the Auction House .
Soon I was making a nice profit for a low level character , around 10 gold per day .
I used those gold coins to buy cool items - rare blue ones ( As at the low level Epic purple items were not yet available ) .
This marked the beginning of my transmutation from casually playing for fun to hardcore playing for greed .
Gold Rush
Soon I got greedy .
The 10g per week was no longer fulfilling .
I came up with another way to make gold , simply buying low and selling high in the Auction House .
I would study the market well : know how much items are worth , when to buy and when to sell .
Kind of like playing the stock market , except completely different .
I was now earning around 100 gold per week .
I did not notice it , but I was gradually spending more and more time in Azeroth , and less and less time in the real world .
I had a couple of real life friends who also played this game , and I would no longer see them in real life but instead would just be chatting with them inside Azeroth .
Classic online addiction syndrome .
Greed Before Need
I would watch the Auction House for hours , studying and analyzing items and their prices , waiting to find an item that I could buy low and sell for a higher price .
I thought to myself “ there must be a better way to do this ” .
I am a software engineer .
One thing software engineers like to do is to try and automate everything .
So I began studying the WOW API to see if I can write a program that can watch the AH for me .
But then I came across an addon called “ Auctioneer ” which does exactly what I was looking to do .
One thing software engineers do n't like to do is to reinvent the wheel .
So I abandoned my program and installed the Auctioneer add on .
Auctioneer analyzes the auction house for me .
It scans all items and keeps track of their prices .
It tells me for how much I should buy the item and for how much I should sell it .
It also automatically scans listings to see if an item has been posted for below the average price , so that I can snatch it .
For example , one day it detected a Destruction Potion Recipe that had been listed on the Auction House with a buyout price of 10 gold .
The average price for that recipe in my server at the time was 500 gold .
So I immediately snatched it and sold it for 500 gold .
That is 490 gold earned in 10 minutes .
Now multiply this by several of these incidents a day .
I was making anywhere between 100 to 2000 gold a day , depending on how lucky I was and how much time I spent scanning the AH .
I 'm Rich !
I 'm Rich !
What could I do with all the gold ?
I could buy any item I want .
I got myself a wardrobe of rare armor .
There was no limit to what I could do .
You might be asking , “ but what about BOP items ?
Those can't be bought with gold ? ”
First let me explain what BOPs are , for those who do n't play World of Warcraft .
BOPs ( or Bind on Pick ) are items that usually drop in dungeons ( instances ) and once you pick them up they are bound to you meaning you cannot trade them , sell them , and no one else can use them but yourself .
As opposed to a BOE ( Bind on Equip ) item which , as its name suggests , only bounds to you when you equip it , meaning that if you found a BOE item you could sell it .
BOP items were generally more powerful and more sought after than equivalent BOE items of the same level .
Well thing is , I did buy BOPs .
Not directly though .
Let 's say I was interested in acquiring the Robes of Arugal , a powerful rare spellcaster robe , which only drop in Shadowfang Keep .
I would hire a high level character to run me through the instance and kill the boss that drops this item .
If it did not drop the first time , then it is rinse and repeat , until the item I sought is dropped .
This not only helped me acquire great BOPs ( including , later , epic weapons and epic armor ) but also helped me level fast .
With my character fully rested ( gaining double the experience points ) , one or two runs across an instance would give me a full level .
Thus the gold was helping me not only with equipment , but with leveling .
I never had a problem finding a high level character to run me through an instance .
Most would gladly take 20 to 100 gold ( depending on the instance ) to do it .
This run could take anywhere between 15 minutes to 2 hours ( Again , depending on the instance ) .
From my point of view , running a lower level character through a dungeon is not an effective way to make profit .
You have to spend an hour in a low level instance ( sometimes more depending on how often the lowbie died and had to run back all the way from the graveyard which could be miles afar ) and only get 30 gold for your trouble .
By playing the Auction House instead , I could make 500 gold in 10 minutes , so I thought to myself that I would never offer dungeon runs to lower level characters ( at least not as a way of making profit ) .
Emptiness
So I had more gold than I would ever need .
Ok contrary to whats implied in the title , I did not really have a million gold coins .
But I did have many thousands of gold coins – an amount that the casual wow player never reaches – and that does classify me as an online millionaire .
I also had no problem leveling as I would just hire someone to run me through instances or quests .
I would spend all my free time - and more – inside Azeroth .
The Burning Crusade expansion did not change my greed , I was still busy making gold instead of exploring all the new content that had just been released .
My social life , college life and professional life were all getting hurt .
And for what ?
There was no more fun to the game , no more challenge .
That went against my own old school gamer soul , that soul that played for the fun of it , that liked being challenged .
A fierce battle ensued between that soul , and the evil hard core gamer soul , driven by grid and power .
Release
In the end , the old school gamer in me prevailed , and I realized that what I was doing had no purpose .
I made the decision to play for fun again , not for ( virtual ) riches and power .
In one day , I got rid of all my thousands of gold coins , mostly by giving generous gifts to low level characters I ran into .
I made a new character ( This time I tried Alliance and rolled a Human Rogue ) which I leveled , and made gold the old fashioned way , by actually playing the game .
I limited myself to no more than 1 - 2 hours a day playing World of Warcraft , and regained control of my real life .
Lesson
The moral of this story is left for you to figure out .
At the time of writing this story , the newest expansion , Wrath of the Lich King , is less than a month away .
I am looking forward to exploring all the new content and features in that expansion , now that I am no longer preoccupied with making gold and actually enjoy playing the game .
And thus concludes the story of how I became a millionaire in World of Warcraft .
A feast for the eyes :
The artist who can turn a market stall into a masterpiece
Somewhere out to sea , the Good Ship Marrow ploughs through a mackerel ocean .
Elsewhere , garlic balloons float over fields of brocolli .
At first glance , they may seem like ordinary landscape paintings .
Field of dreams :
The countryside landscape has broccoli for trees , potatoes for rocks and basil and herbs for the grass .
The path is made from nuts , while the basket is bread with a mushroom wheel .
The balloons were crafted out of apple , mango , a strawberry , bananas , garlic , lemons and a lime
Sugar loaf mountain : Rustic loaves form the backdrop to this alpine scene , with stilton and cheddar rocks , a house made out of crackers , cauliflower clouds and a path made entirely from breadcrumbs
But these particular artworks are more vegetable than Constable , more turnip than Turner , because the raw ingredient for all of them is food .
This is the latest portfolio of foodscape photographer Carl Warner , 45 , who dreams up the landscapes and commits his ideas to a sketch before buying the ingredients .
Were it not for the fact most of them took days to create , using pins and superglue , they'd be good enough to eat .
Gone fishing :
Only sustainable fish were used to create this seascape , including oysters , scallops and crabs in the foreground , mackerel and herrings for the sea itself , and pollock and sprats for the banks .
Thyme stands in for trees , while the boat is a marrow with a mangetout mast
A meal treat :
This amazing Tuscan landscape was created using breadsticks for the cabin and cart , with ciabatta rocks , and a selection of Italian cold meats for the sky , trees and hills
Secret cave : Cauliflowers , spiky kiwano fruits , broccoli and snails can all be seen underwater , while rice and truffle pasta form the reeds .
In the cave , carrots stand in for stalagtites hanging off a bread rock
Pasta master :
This Tuscan home is full of tasty treats , such as fresh pasta curtains and tablecloth , bowls made out of fresh tomatoes and walls created from fresh Parmesan
The big cheese :
The hills are brought to life with a carved slab of cheddar , while breadsticks form the jetty and garlic cloves bob on the lake as sallboats .
The steamer is made of bread with a celery funnel
Storm in a teacup :
The raging sea and stormy sky are made from red cabbage while the boat hull is a courgette , the wheelhouse has been formed from mangetout and the masts standing proud are asparagus
Colin Powell is the most high - profile Republican to endorse Senator Obama Republican solidarity appears to be at stake as more prominent Republicans have lent their support to Democrat Senator Barack Obama in the campaign .
Former Senator Charles Mathias of Maryland is the latest to throw his weight behind the Democratic nominee .
He joins former Secretary of State Colin Powell , former Massachusetts Governor William Weld , and former Bush press secretary Scott McClellan .
The selection of Sarah Palin is one factor turning off some Republicans .
Former Senator Mathias told The Washington Post : " For me , the decision is based on the long - range needs of our country and which of these two candidates I feel is better suited to recharge America 's economic health , restore its prestige abroad and inspire anew all people who cherish freedom and equality .
" For me , that person is Barack Obama . "
The economy is a major consideration for voters in this election .
A Gallup poll found that not only is the economy perceived as the most important issue in the election , but the percentage who rate it as extremely important to their vote is the highest since 1996 .
It is too early to determine the impact of the Obama endorsements
The poll found that although the economy was the top- rated issue for all voters , Republicans gave more importance to terrorism and moral values than did Democrats .
These results came after former secretary of state Colin Powell 's public endorsement of Mr Obama last week .
' Alienated ' the middle Mr McCain said he was not surprised by Mr Powell 's move , and highlighted the secretaries of state who do back him .
" I 'm also very pleased to have the endorsement of four former secretaries of state , Secretaries [ Henry ] Kissinger , [ James ] Baker , [ Lawrence ] Eagleburger and [ Alexander ] Haig .
And I 'm proud to have the endorsement of well over 200 retired Army generals and admirals " , Mr McCain said .
Most recently , former Massachusetts Governor William Weld , who supported Mr Romney during the primaries , announced his endorsement of the Democratic candidate .
President Bush 's former speechwriter David Frum indicated that Mr McCain 's selection of Sarah Palin as his running mate , could be a reason for Republican disunity .
" The very same campaign strategy that has belatedly mobilized the Republican core has alienated and offended the great national middle , which was the only place where the 2008 election could have been won " , Mr Frum said .
Race tightening Republican Congressman Christopher Shays , who is the co-chairman of the McCain campaign in Connecticut , told the Yale Daily News that Mr McCain " did not live up to his pledge to fight a clean campaign . "
And Minnesota Governor Tim Pawlenty , once considered a possible vice - presidential choice for John McCain , said that Obama " has a pretty good advantage in Minnesota right now . "
Republican leaders are not alone in crossing over party lines to support the Democrat .
Some traditionally conservative newspapers have turned their backs on Mr McCain .
The Chicago Tribune and The Denver Post , which endorsed President George W. Bush in 2004 , threw their support at Mr Obama .
The Los Angeles Times , who backed Mr McCain during the Republican primaries , also endorsed Mr Obama for president .
But how much influence such endorsements have on the final outcome is not clear .
The latest opinion polls show the race tightening .
A Rasmussen poll has Mr McCain narrowing the gap to within three points of Mr Obama , at 47 % to 50 % .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A woman in Somalia has been stoned to death after an Islamic Sharia law court found her guilty of adultery .
The woman was buried up to her neck and then pelted to death with stones in front of a large crowd in Kismayo .
It was the first such execution in the southern port city since Islamist insurgents captured it from government - allied forces in August .
A local Islamist leader said the woman , Aisho Ibrahim Dhuhulow , had pleaded guilty to committing adultery .
" She was asked several times to review her confession but she stressed that she wanted Sharia law and the deserved punishment to apply , " said Sheikh Hayakallah .
A group of men performed the execution in one of the city 's main squares in front of thousands of people , AFP news agency said .
The winners of the 2008 Darwin Awards , “ Deaths That Lead to Improvement of the Gene Pool ” are currently doing the rounds .
The following comes from an email I received ; I ca n’t confirm the results with the site which does n’t seem to have been updated since April , but even if they are n’t the final Darwin Awards 2008 winners , the list is worth sharing .
Ninth Place
In Detroit , a 41 - year - old man got stuck and drowned in two feet of water after squeezing head first through an 18 - inch - wide sewer grate to retrieve his car keys .
Eighth Place
A 49 - year - old San Francisco stockbroker , who totally zoned when he ran , accidentally jogged off a 100 - foot high cliff on his daily run .
Seventh Place
While at the beach , Daniel Jones , 21 , dug an 8 - foot hole for protection from the wind and had been sitting in a beach chair at the bottom when it collapsed , burying him beneath 5 feet of sand .
People on the beach used their hands and shovels trying to get him out but could not reach him .
It took rescue workers using heavy equipment almost an hour to free him .
Jones was pronounced dead at a hospital .
Sixth Place
Santiago Alvarado , 24 , was killed as he fell through the ceiling of a bicycle shop he was burglarizing .
Death was caused when the long flashlight he had placed in his mouth to keep his hands free rammed into the base of his skull as he hit the floor .
Fifth Place
Sylvester Briddell , Jr. , 26 , was killed as he won a bet with friends who said he would not put a revolver loaded with four bullets into his mouth and pull the trigger .
Fourth Place
After stepping around a marked police patrol car parked at the front door , a man walked into H&J Leather & Firearms intent on robbing the store .
The shop was full of customers and a uniformed officer was standing at the counter .
Upon seeing the officer , the would - be robber announced a hold - up and fired a few wild shots from a target pistol .
The officer and a clerk promptly returned fire , and several customers also drew their guns and fired .
The robber was pronounced dead at the scene by paramedics .
Crime scene investigators located 47 expended cartridge cases in the shop .
The subsequent autopsy revealed 23 gunshot wounds .
Ballistics identified rounds from 7 different weapons .
No one else was hurt .
Third Place
Paul Stiller , 47 , and his wife Bonnie were bored just driving around at 2 A.M. so they lit a quarter stick of dynamite to toss out the window to see what would happen .
Apparently they failed to notice the window was closed .
Second Place
Kerry Bingham had been drinking with several friends when one of them said they knew a person who had bungee - jumped from a local bridge in the middle of traffic .
The conversation grew more heated and at least 10 men trooped along the walkway of the bridge at 4:30 AM .
Upon arrival at the midpoint of the bridge they discovered that no one had brought a bungee rope .
Bingham , who had continued drinking , volunteered and pointed out that a coil of lineman ’s cable lay near by .
They secured one end around Bingham ’s leg and then tied the other to the bridge .
His fall lasted 40 feet before the cable tightened and tore his foot off at the ankle .
He miraculously survived his fall into the icy water and was rescued by two nearby fishermen .
Bingham ’s foot was never located .
Winner
German Zookeeper , Friedrich Riesfeldt , fed his constipated elephant 22 doses of animal laxative and more than a bushel of berries , figs and prunes before the plugged - up pachyderm finally got relief .
Investigators say ill - fated Friedrich , 46 , was attempting to give the ailing elephant an olive oil enema when the relieved beast unloaded .
The sheer force of the elephant ’s unexpected defecation knocked Mr. Riesfeldt to the ground where he struck his head on a rock as the elephant continued to evacuate 200 pounds of dung on top of him
More on the sad state of print publishing for developers
People usually think of SourceGear as " Eric Sink 's company " , but that 's only half true .
My business partner Corey Steffen has the same ownership that I do -- he 's just not as loud as I am .
Because Corey is sort of quiet , most people do n't know much about him .
Here 's a piece of information that I think is interesting : Corey is an amateur farmer on the side .
Yep , Corey spends his days running a software company and his off hours running a small farm .
So he comes to work with stories about chickens and sheep and horses and pastures .
Oh my .
( It is interesting to note that Brian Harry , creator of SourceSafe and Team Foundation Server , also has a passion for farming .
So Corey and Brian are two data points that suggest some sort of a pattern involving version control and agriculture , but I dare not try to extrapolate . )
Anyway , since Corey 's life is such an odd juxtaposition of two extremely different pastimes , folks here at the company tend to make the occasional joke about it .
In fact , Corey has been the recipient of merciless but harmless teasing here for over a decade now .
For some reason , the subject just never gets old .
When we get together for our company lunch on Wednesdays , a joke about Corey getting up at 4:30 am to clean out the horse stalls before he comes to the office to clean out the bug database is probably a sure laugh .
Continuing in this fine tradition , one of our guys recently found the following promotional card and brought it in for a quick joke at Corey 's expense :
" Hey Corey , I thought of you when I saw this magazine .
Maybe you should pick up a copy ? "
That was funny .
And it got even funnier two seconds later when Corey admitted that he was already a subscriber .
The next day , he brought in his copy of the most recent issue :
I would like to be able to say that I took this in stride .
After all , I 've known for years that Corey keeps chickens .
I still remember back in 1997 when Corey joined the company he told me that his chickens provide them with 18 eggs every morning .
How does a family make use of 18 fresh eggs EVERY SINGLE MORNING ?
Anyway , seeing this magazine left me speechless .
In part I was surprised by yet another Green Acres moment from Corey .
But mostly I was just shocked that this magazine exists .
I mean really .
An entire print publication for people who raise chickens as a hobby ?
That 's what I call a niche .
How does the publisher survive ?
More to the point , how can this magazine be successful when Dr. Dobb 's looks like it might be pushing up daisies sometime before the World Series is over ?
Dr. Dobbs is arguably the most prestigious developer magazine in our industry , but it has n't been looking any too healthy over the last year or so .
It 's gotta be all about market penetration :
In very rough and round figures , there are 3 million software developers in the United States and 1 % of them are subscribers to Dr. Dobbs .
I have no idea how many people raise poultry in their backyard , but I suspect my freshman chemistry class had more people .
However many it is , I bet well over 50 % of them are subscribers to the magazine shown above .
Most software developers no longer use content in paper form .
Andy Brice recently commented on the poor sales of Charles Petzold 's book on WPF 3D .
This is another sign of the major shift in our industry .
Petzold was maybe the last of his breed .
Most authors gave up years ago on the idea that they could make a living from writing alone .
Until quite recently , Petzold was one of the few who still did , and now even that appears to be changing .
Software development magazines and books are dying .
You already know this .
I already know this .
But I continue to be amazed at the pace of this change .
People resist change .
Billions of dollars of VC money has been lost by overestimating the willingness of people to embrace change .
In this case , I have underestimated it .
Looking ahead ten more years , I wonder how much smaller the " Computers " section at my local Borders bookstore will be .
They 'll probably just fill the extra space with a bunch of titles about backyard livestock management .
There are approximately 30 billion square feet ( 2.8 billion square meters ) of expansive , flat roofs in the U.S. , an area large enough to collect the sunlight needed to power 16 million American homes , or replace 38 conventional coal - fired power plants .
By covering these roofs with large , flat arrays of cylindrical thin - film solar cells ( think massive installations of fluorescent tubes , only absorbing light rather than emitting it ) , Fremont , Calif. –based Solyndra , Inc. , hopes to harness that energy .
" With a cylinder , we are collecting light from all angles , even collecting diffuse light , " says CEO Chris Gronet , who founded the solar cylinder company in 2005 based on an idea he had late one night while pondering less expensive ways to install photovoltaic panels .
Because the arrays do not have to be angled or anchored into the roof , he adds , " we have half the installation cost and can install in one third the time . "
Solyndra is now churning out copper - indium - gallium - selenide ( CIGS ) thin - film solar cells , wrapped into a cylindrical shape and encased in glass .
This design not only seals out moisture but allows the glass to act as a sunlight concentrator , funneling photons onto the thin film , according to Gronet .
He says the Fremont plant , which opened in the spring , will ultimately be capable of producing 110 megawatts worth of solar cylinders annually , but he declined to specify how many cylinders that is .
The company says that the solar cylinders — paired with a roof painted white to better reflect sunlight — can collect 20 percent more sunshine than their conventional flat counterparts .
The estimate is based on 50 kilowatts worth of the tubular cells that the company installed on its own roof .
As it stands , Solyndra 's CIGS solar cells convert as much as 14 percent of the sunlight that hits them to electricity and , all told , Gronet expects that a Solyndra system will deliver twice as many kilowatt - hours of electricity from a given rooftop .
The cylindrical design also allows Solyndra to lay its arrays flat and to space them so that the wind can flow through them , rather than lift them up like it can with angled arrays .
This means that the solar cylinders can be installed without affixing them onto the roof — and still withstand up to 130 mile - per - hour ( 209 kilometer - per - hour ) winds .
" Our test installation in Florida survived the recent hurricane , " Tropical Storm Fay , Gronet says .
" Because of the lower installation cost , we have a clear path to grid parity . "
In other words , the newly shaped cells have the potential of harnessing solar power at around the same price as electricity from coal - fired power plants , currently the cheapest generation option at around six cents per kilowatt hour .
Typical solar photovoltaic installations , on the other hand , cost roughly 25 to 50 cents per kilowatt - hour of electricity , roughly one half of which is related to the expense of physically installing them .
Gronet declined to reveal the cost of manufacturing solar cylinders or the price tag of electricity it delivers — primarily because if they are able to deliver lower cost electricity they want to preserve that extra profit for their customers , he admits .
The solar cylinders thrive in countries that set a minimum guaranteed price for solar electricity , such as Spain and Germany where the so - called feed - in tariff is as much as 44 Euro cents per kilowatt - hour .
As a result , Phoenix Solar , AG , a German company that installs solar power systems , is Solyndra 's biggest customer to date — and the latter claims to have $ 1.2 billion in multiyear contracts , largely because the cylinders can be installed in days rather than weeks and do not require special supports .
The company already has 10 prototype installations , located in Germany as well as in California , Florida , Pennsylvania , Utah and Washington , D.C .
The questions that remain include price and reliability in manufacturing , according to environmental engineer Vasilis Fthenakis , senior scientist at Brookhaven National Laboratory 's National Photovoltaic Environment Research Center in Upton , N.Y. , and Columbia University .
" Companies have had difficulties producing CIGS without many defects , " he says .
" They may get more from deflected or reflected light but how much more ?
That needs to counterbalance the increased costs of production , " due to the cylinder design and specialized thin - film materials .
That said , commercial rooftops are already among the most promising areas for installing solar power .
" We envision large - scale photovoltaics in the desert but it 's much easier for people to accept systems on the roof , " Fthenakis notes .
" It 's cheaper to put them on roofs than on real estate . "
Former Fed Chairman destroys Randian " free market " principles in 16 seconds .
I made a mistake in presuming that the self - interest of organizations , specifically banks and others , was such as they were best capable of protecting their own shareholders .
Well , exactly .
You said one cotton - pickin ' , bailout - belying mouthful .
Use this as evidence the next time someone brings up " Atlas Shrugged " as the best way to save the economy .
Dean Baker thinks he misses the point :
What would Ayn Rand expect to happen ?
On the one hand we have the hot shot executives , on the other hand the schmucks who own stock in these banks .
Would Ayn Rand expect that the executives would put aside their ambition , their lust for success , their greed , in order to benefit shareholders who are too dumb to even know what a credit default swap is ?
Not for a second ; Ayn Rand would watch the Wall Street big boys run roughshod over their shareholders ' interests and be applauding them every step of the way .
That is how the game is played .
If Greenspan did n't think the Wall Street crew would rip off their shareholders for every last penny , then he was not a worthy disciple of Ayn Rand .
Meanwhile , the Bush Treasury Department redacts more bailout contracts .
Washington state has decided to sue the federal government over its slow cleanup of the Hanford Nuclear Reservation , arguing that the window is closing to safely remove Hanford 's 53 million gallons of radioactive waste from storage tanks before they leak .
Washington Gov. Chris Gregoire announced today that the state would sue the Department of Energy , breaking an agreement between the state , the federal agency and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency signed in 1989 .
The waste stored in 177 tanks at the former weapons production site poses " dire consequences " for the Columbia River , the state 's lawsuit notice said , with at least 67 single - wall tanks already leaking .
But the Department of Energy and its contractors have consistently missed deadlines , Washington state charges , and the agency 's schedule calls for completing cleanup by 2047 at best .
The state says it has " serious doubts " about the Department of Energy 's ability to deliver if it " continues on its path of poor planning , poor management and failure to seek sufficient funding to keep the project on track . "
" On Energy 's present course , " the state said , " it is inevitable that additional tanks will leak . "
In a statement , the U.S. Department of Energy said it is making significant progress at the site and is " disappointed " by the lawsuit .
Gerry Pollet , executive director of Heart of America Northwest , a Hanford watchdog group , said contamination from Hanford is spreading faster than projected , and the federal government is considering plans to bring in other radioactive waste for storage even as the cleanup lags .
" I 'm thrilled to see the governor take the same view that thousands of citizens have taken in public meetings over the last few years , " Pollet said .
The federal government created Hanford in the 1940s as part of the top- secret Manhattan project to build the atomic bomb .
Today , it is the nation 's most contaminated nuclear site .
Bechtel National , a Department of Energy contractor , is building a vitrification plant that will convert radioactive waste into glasslike logs for disposal underground .
Bechtel took over the struggling project in 2000 .
Since then , the cost has ballooned from $ 4.3 billion to $ 12.2 billion , and the startup date has been pushed from 2011 to 2019 , with treatment of wastes due to be completed by 2047 .
But Washington state says it could take until 2079 to finish the job .
Removal of waste from 149 leak - prone single - wall tanks has also been delayed , the state says .
Leaking tanks have already released at least 1 million gallons of waste , some of which has seeped into the river .
And the spilled radioactive waste will persist in the environment for tens of thousands of years .
Scott Learn : 503-294-7657 ; scottlearn@news.oregonian.com
In July , the chairman of the now bankrupt Lehman Brothers , Richard Fuld and his wife Kathy consigned 20 works on paper - including a 1951 de Kooning drawing - to Christie 's for sale .
Cleverly , they secured a guarantee on the works of about $ 20 m .
That means they make that sum of money as a minimum , whatever happens to the bidding when they go under the hammer in November .
Remarkable good fortune to have made the move before Lehman Brothers went under in September - indeed , before the banking crisis really kicked off .
Art market observer and author Sarah Thornton , speaking at a literary event at the Southbank Centre in London last week , was the relayer of this interesting piece of information .
Alan Greenspan ’s name has come up dozens of times on MSNBC in the last month , but never during the 1 p.m. hour .
That ’s the hour anchored by Andrea Mitchell , who is married to Mr. Greenspan , the former chairman of the Federal Reserve .
For years Ms. Mitchell , the veteran NBC News correspondent who specializes in foreign affairs and politics , has carefully kept her potential conflict of interest in check .
But in the last month , as the weakness of the nation ’s economy has dominated cable news and the campaign trail , Ms. Mitchell has faced the kind of ethical quandary that energizes the staff of the Columbia Journalism Review .
The Review raised questions about Ms. Mitchell ’s status in an Internet article in late September .
The writer , Megan Garber , observed that Mr. Greenspan is inextricably linked to the fate of the financial markets and wondered whether the MSNBC and NBC viewers “ are best served by an anchor and reporter who is , in so many ways , so close to the story she ’s covering . ”
williamghunter.net >
Articles >
Long term comentary
Commentary to the Milwaukee Journal , 2 March 1986 and the Capital Times 25 Feb 1986 by William G. Hunter
People have talked about Wisconsin becoming a trend setter in economic development .
Certainly , I would like to see that happen because this state has been Hemorrhaging .
Over the past five years , for example , we have lost approximately 100,000 jobs in manufacturing and basic industry .
We need new ideas .
One idea that has been widely discussed is keeping American Motors alive and well here - with financial aid from the citizens of the state .
The company does provide jobs - directly for manufacturing and indirectly through many supporting services .
However , this interest in propping up American Motors makes sense only on a short - term basis .
In my opinion , the case for this rests more on wishful thinking than anything else .
American Motors is an old , weak fish with bad eyesight in a turbulent sea populated with aggressive , healthy predators .
These predators are familiar - both foreign ( Japanese and European ) and domestic ( General Motors and Ford ) .
Some are new , unfamiliar breeds from such places as Korea .
I predict American Motors will stop making cars in Wisconsin in the near future , whether or not the state 's money is used for a temporary propping - up operation .
These competitors are beginning to understand how essential it is to take a long - term view of their businesses .
Toyota , for example , took its top 40 managers on a two - day retreat to ponder what their corporation will look like in the 21st century .
They are studying totally new methods of management .
These methods take continuous quality improvement as a central , guiding principle .
Incidentally , in these new methods , financial control functions are a peripheral activity , orbiting on the outermost circle shown on diagrams to illustrate this new method of management .
Outer rings contain functions that support the more important activities on the inner rings .
Our business schools flip these two functions , with finance being in the guiding center of the corporation and quality improvement being so peripheral that it cannot be found in the curricula of our business schools .
These competitors tend to use a vital untapped resource - that of the natural creativity of the employees .
They tend to give them a freer hand in locating problems , searching for causes of these problems , collecting data , proposing solutions , trying them out , reporting results so that fellow workers can learn from what they have figured out .
Employees are adults , they have ideas , they want to contribute to the success of the company if they are given the chance , if they are given recognition , and if , in doing so , they keep their jobs , make their jobs better for themselves and people with whom they work .
This is all impossible to do in a dying company - where the number of jobs is rapidly shrinking rather than expanding .
The technical tools of statistics is used throughout leading corporations - from line workers to presidents .
It is striking that presidents understand , use and can talk intelligently and in depth about statistical methods .
They can also discuss similar details concerning manufacturing and marketing .
They manage their companies with data , not hunches and opinions .
Consequently , it is vital that all employees collect and report data honestly .
Data , however , can be used against employees , for example , data on such things as the number of defects produced each shift or the time it takes to complete a certain amount of work .
It is important that data are used positively to improve quality and productivity - not against employees .
An entirely new atmosphere must be created for this to happen .
What is required is nothing less than a sweeping overhaul of the American style of management .
Some leading US manufacturers of cars and trucks show signs of realizing this fact , and they are now making huge investments in educational programs at all levels in their organizations .
They are developing new long - term visions and new styles of management that will make them more competitive .
They are learning from W. Edwards Deming , whose book ,
Out of the Crisis will be published this year ( Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Center for Advanced Engineering Studies ) , and Professor Kaouru Ishikawa , whose book , What is Total Quality Control ?
The Japanese Way ( Prentice - Hall ) , was published in 1985 .
One reason that leads me to believe American Motors will be devoured by its competitors is that there is no evidence visible to the citizens of this state that the management of American Motors understands the absolute necessity to improve quality and productivity on a continuous basis using new modern management methods .
Only extremely short - range thinking would lead anyone to believe that it is wise to help American Motors financially at this time .
The state , in my opinion , should take a more long - term view and do things that will ensure , in the future , there will be more jobs in this state .
Investing in American Motors now , in any form , is a mistake .
*** If Wisconsin is to become a trend - setter in economic development , we need some long - term thinking in forming wise , creative policies .
It is difficult , I know , for legislators and other elected officials to take a long - term view when the tangible reward is re-election and elections come around quite frequently .
Our founding fathers are remembered for their long - term vision .
We need to change the way our democracy works so that long - term visions is an integral part of all importants discussions on economic development on the local , state and national level .***
* The Capital times included the text between the ***s while the Milwaukee Journal did not .
All of this seems a little strange , though .
We are going into the winter months , when demand for oil normally rises because many people around the world heat their homes with oil .
We are using somewhat less gasoline in the United States , but apart from the hurricane disruptions , not very much less than earlier this year .
While we are going into a recession , it does n't seem to have hit with full force yet .
What other factors may be involved in the current lower prices ?
In this post , I will discuss factors besides those we usually think of as supply and demand that may be involved .
We all know that oil prices are lower than they were in the recent past because supply is greater than demand .
In fact , OPEC oil ministers are meeting this week to try to fix supply , so it will be more in line with demand .
While this post is primarily about oil prices , the decrease in oil prices can be expected to have an impact on gasoline prices as well .
The drop in retail gasoline prices has not been quite as dramatic as the drop in oil prices because gasoline prices are affected by other factors in addition to the price of oil .
Robert Rapier has a post talking about some issues affecting gasoline prices .
See also my article from July
Why is n't the price of gasoline even higher ? , talking about the differential between gasoline and diesel prices .
Figure 2 . EIA Chart of Weekly Gasoline retail prices
1. Credit problems of oil intermediaries
The oil industry has many more players than most of us are aware of .
The International Oil Companies use contractors to do many functions that we think of as oil company operations .
Oil is shipped by oceangoing vessels and by pipeline .
Refiners are often separate from the oil company that produced the oil .
Gas stations are often independently owned .
One of the issues is that sellers want to be sure that they are going to be paid for their product .
They are unwilling to sell to buyers with poor credit .
This is removing some players -- and some demand -- from the system .
According to Credit Woes Hit Supply Chain , Push Prices Down :
" The credit crunch is putting on a brake at every level of supply , " said Antoine Halff , deputy head of research at brokerage Fimat USA .
" Levels of credit are evaporating , so producers and refiners are having a hard time selling -- they want to make sure their customers are good for the money , " Halff added .
Also , from the same article :
Shippers - who bring tankers from the ports to consuming countries - are also seeing a reduction of available credit , with some of them going under as a result .
. .
[ This is ] leading to a scarcity of available capacity for shipping .
If an oil company can't ship the oil , it can't sell it .
We also read that banks are involved in the process :
To make matters worse , some of the major investments banks that are currently under stress -- such as Morgan Stanley ( MS ) -- are also an important part of the oil chain .
" They hold storage , are active physical traders and some of them actively participate in the physical delivery process , " said Petromatrix 's Jakob .
2. Liquidation of positions by hedge funds and other speculators
Hedge funds have been under pressure from several directions to liquidate their positions in oil :
• Investors in the hedge funds have been disappointed in their performance , and are liquidating their positions .
Oil futures are easy to sell , so the may be sold first .
• Hedge funds are highly leveraged .
In the past month , many of them have received margin calls because of declining values of the securities they held ( oil futures , stocks , bonds ) .
Again , oil futures are easy to sell quickly .
• Banks are under pressure to reduce their lending because of their low reserve margins , and because of concern that hedge funds may not be good risks .
They have been putting pressure on hedge funds to reduce their leverage .
Since hedge funds and speculators realized early this year that the price of oil was rising , most of them had net long positions .
When there was a need to sell these futures contracts ( because of margin calls or for other reasons ) , the sales of these contracts tended to bring down the price of oil .
3 . Hedging of future oil prices by oil companies
Once oil prices reached high prices ( say , > $ 120 ) , even for long - dated futures , it made economic sense for oil companies to lock in future sales at those high prices .
To the extent that oil companies locked in future sales using long - dated future contracts , this would add sellers to the long futures market , changing the balance in the futures market .
The addition of sellers to the market would tend to bring down futures ' prices .
I understand that long - dated futures contracts are quite illiquid , and that oil companies may not , in fact , be using them for these purposes .
Does anyone have any real - life experience with oil companies using futures contracts to lock - in long term prices ?
It would seem strange to have contracts whose benefit is primarily for speculators .
4 . Rise in the value of the dollar
We read in a Bloomberg article :
Oil Falls More Than $ 4 as Dollar Rally Dims Commodities '
Appeal
Oct. 21 ( Bloomberg ) --
Crude oil fell more than $ 4 a barrel as the U.S. dollar rose to its highest in more than a year against the euro , dimming the appeal of commodities as a currency hedge .
Oil climbed earlier on expectations that OPEC , supplier of 40 percent of the world 's oil , will reduce output at a meeting in Vienna this week .
Investors looking for protection against the dollar 's decline earlier this year helped lead crude oil , gold , corn and gasoline to records .
`` The strengthening of the dollar is the main factor pushing most commodities lower , and oil is always the leader , '' said James Ritterbusch , president of Ritterbusch & Associates in Galena , Illinois .
Basically , the higher the dollar , the lower the price of a barrel of oil ( measured in dollars ) .
The dollar is high now , so the price of oil is low .
One analysis showed that one quarter of the increase in the value of oil from $ 20 barrel in 2002 to $ 147 in July 2008 was because of the falling value of the dollar .
Since july , the price of oil seems to decline as the value of the Euro declines relative to the value of the dollar .
5. Trend Trading or Systematic Trading
Many investors use computerized programs that attempt to analyze an investment 's momentum , either up or down .
These programs are designed to buy more of an investment , when the price of the investment seems to be heading upward , and to sell the investment short , when it is heading downward .
If a large number of hedge funds , pension funds , and other investors have computer models that do the same thing , the simultaneous buy and sell orders will tend to reinforce the upward or downward trend in prices .
These programs may have contributed to the unusually high oil prices seen earlier this year , and the big drop in the past month .
6. Drop in Asian growth
One of the reasons for the run-up in prices earlier this year was the concern that Asian demand was growing rapidly , and that world oil supplies could not keep up .
There may have also been some stockpiling of oil prior to the Olympics .
Now there are indications that growth in Asia is starting to cool , and we read articles such as this one :
Asian meltdown may force oil to tank
The fact is , unlike many other commodities , “ Asia is important for crude oil because its marginal demand is entirely coming from Asia , ” said Michael Lewis , global head of commodities research at Deutsche Bank .
The bank estimates that in 2009 as much as 360,000 barrels per day of oil will be required by China , which is lower than the 450,000 bpd for the current year .
At that rate , “ China will be responsible for 80 percent of global crude oil consumption growth , ” said Lewis .
Similarly , industry estimates put India ’s oil demand at 100,000 bpd in 2008 and predict it to remain unchanged for 2009 , even if the country ’s gross domestic product were to slip marginally from its current 7.5 percent .
Hoping that Asia and particularly China and India will not falter due to the global meltdown may be optimistic under the current conditions .
7. Small size of the oil ( and other commodities ) market , relative to the rest of the market
The amount of commodities for sale is tiny in comparison to the dollar value of stocks , bonds , derivatives , and other investments .
If investors get the impression that commodities are a good source of diversification , or are likely to rise more than other investments , it does n't take very many of these investors to raise ( or lower ) prices in oil markets .
Investors tend to read the same investment advice , and hear the same forecasts , so may tend to make similar decisions .
Research by Morgan Stanley indicates that commodity markets tend to move together .
In the past , commodities have tended to follow long cycles , but " peak everything " may change this pattern .
Figure 3 . Graph of commodity trends by Morgan Stanley , shown in a Financial Sense University post .
8 . Increased volatility when supplies are very tight
When supplies are very tight because of peak oil , both the supply curve and the demand curve are nearly vertical .
A small change in demand ( or supply ) can result in a huge difference in price .
Many years ago , whale oil was used for lamps until it became depleted .
Historical graphs show that its price was very volatile , once production passed its peak value .
The price of petroleum is likely to be very volatile post - peak also .
Figure 4 . Price and Production of Whale Oil
What 's Ahead ?
Certainly , we can expect more volatility .
There is room for a difference of opinion on the course of the dollar near term .
On one hand , the United States is doing less badly than some other countries in the current financial crisis .
If this trend continues , the dollar could rise even higher than it is currently , as investors look for safely .
On the other head , we have been reading speculation about alternative currencies , such as this one , regarding a tri-polar currency .
It seems likely to me that eventually some change will occur that will make the value of the dollar drop substantially , and raise the price of oil .
In the not too distant future , we can expect a fair amount of " shake out " among smaller companies in the oil business , with many of the less well capitalized being acquired by others or going out of business , as indicated by this article :
Falling Prices , Credit Woes Threaten Small Oil Firms :
Most at risk are small outfits focused on exploration and production that urgently need cash to keep drilling .
Even a few months ago , these companies had no trouble borrowing money and selling stock to finance operations , based solely on the value of their reserves .
But with access to capital drying up , their funding opportunities are dwindling rapidly .
Between problems with credit , and the cutbacks from OPEC , the supply from oil is likely to drop significantly in the next few months .
This drop in supply should put upward pressure on the price of oil .
All of the cutbacks related to credit are hard to follow through the system .
There is a possibility that some of them will show up in unexpected places , leading to shortfalls and / or price spikes .
I do not expect the problem with long - term credit to ever really go away .
( This is the subject for another post . )
Because of this , long - term supply is likely to drop even faster than previous analyses have suggested .
Assuming no major changes in the monetary system , this would seem to imply higher prices , long - term .
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
A high - speed chase involving a bullet bike ended in a fiery crash on Monday , and it was all caught on tape .
A trooper noticed the speeding bullet bike on I - 15 in Davis County .
The biker , going more than 100 miles an hour , managed to outrun troopers until he got to Corinne , which is 60 miles north of Salt Lake .
UHP trooper Cameron Roden said , " Our cars can travel pretty fast , but he was definitely exceeding what our speeds are . "
But the chase ended when the guy on the bike lost control .
The bike ended up underneath a green Ford Expedition and then burst into flames .
In the video of the chase and wreck , the female passenger can be seen running back to the vehicle to get her child .
She carries the child to safety , then goes back for her second child .
Meanwhile , the deputy goes to help the male driver .
Troopers say before the crash , the driver of the SUV tried to avoid the bullet bike a couple of times , as it weaved in and out of traffic and almost hit another car .
" They 're lucky that they were all conscious and were able to get out in time before the vehicle was fully engulfed in flames , " Roden said .
As for the biker , he tried to run away , but troopers found him 1,000 yards away with road rash .
The man gave police a fake name , but he 's been identified as 27 - year - old Daniel Savino .
As for motive , Savino told troopers this was his own video game adventure .
" I do n't know whether he was trying to act out a scene in a video game or what he was trying to do , but he said it always worked for him in video games , " Roden said .
It did n't work out for him in real life .
Troopers say he 's lucky to be alive , especially because he was n't wearing a helmet or a shirt .
Now Savino is facing some serious charges .
E-mail : syi@ksl.com
E-mail : mgiauque@ksl.com
×
Photos
scattare fotografie macro senza obiettivi specifici
I ’ve always thought this was a cool little trick that got me thinking about macro photography in new ways .
Do n’t have a real macro lens but want to get really close ?
Grab a lens in the 100 mm range and also your 50 mm standard lens and stack them together for a 1:1 magnification .
Or try different lens combinations to get in even closer .
In the video I hold the two lenses together but you can also purchase a reversing ring to screw them together .
But the changes in women ’s lives here are also an enormous step for Afghanistan as a whole .
And they may point the way to broader possibilities for women , eventually , if peace can be secured in this very conservative Muslim society , which has been dominated by militia commanders and warlords during the last 30 years of war .
In a country with low rankings on many indicators of social progress , women and girls are the most disadvantaged .
More than 80 percent of Afghan women are illiterate .
Women ’s life expectancy is only 45 years , lower than that of men , mostly because of the very high rates of death during pregnancy .
Forced marriage and under -age marriage are common for girls , and only 13 percent of girls complete primary school , compared with 32 percent of boys .
The cult of war left women particularly vulnerable .
For years now they have been the victims of abduction and rape .
Hundreds of thousands were left war widows , mired in desperate poverty .
Particularly in the last years of Taliban rule , even widows , who had no one to provide for them , were not allowed to work or leave the home unaccompanied by a male relative .
Image Nahida Rezai was the first woman to join the police force in Bamian .
Credit ... Moises Saman for The New York Times
Fear of armed militiamen left women afraid even to walk in front of the police station in the town of Bamian , recalled Nahida Rezai , 25 , the first woman to join the police force here .
“ And I came right into the police station , ” she said , admitting to some fears .
Sometimes I get tired of writing about carbon nanotubes .
I could probably find enough carbon nanotube research papers every week to practically fill Nobel Intent with content by myself .
Unfortunately , my constant search for more interesting titanium research often seems unrewarding , because carbon just does so much cool stuff .
We ’ve shown you magnetic carbon , carbon nanotube gecko adhesives , and improved lasers for telecommunications ( to name a few ) .
Now , we bring you carbon nanotubes taking the job of everything but the silicon itself in a silicon - based solar cell — with respectable energy conversion efficiencies to boot .
We 've covered solar energy generation recently here at Nobel Intent , so we ’ll spare you the down - and - dirty details of how it works , and get right to the good stuff .
Here ’s how researchers have made what may be a revolutionary new solar cell : they took n- doped silicon ( more negative charge carriers ) , and put webs of double - walled carbon nanotubes on it .
That ’s pretty much it .
Anti-climactic , but surprisingly effective .
The real news is n’t in revolutionary processing techniques — first graders around the country pulling apart cotton balls to make cobwebs for Halloween decorations are well on their way to mimicking the results .
The fact that the carbon nanotubes are replacing several key components of the solar cell in one fell swoop is a big deal .
Usually , you need to have several material junctions sandwiched together to convert photon energy into electrical energy , move charges around , etc .
Here , the double walled carbon nanotubes act as a transparent electrode that allows light to penetrate the cell , as a heterojunction to separate positive and negative charges , and as a conductive network for moving the charges ( allowing us to put those electrons to work ) .
Efficiencies under laboratory conditions that simulated standard solar radiation reached 5 % - 7 % .
This is a far cry from the peak efficiencies in the most exotic solar cells , and researchers characterized their cell efficiency as " moderate . "
But this is still significantly higher than the 1 - 2 percent efficiencies that have been reported while integrating carbon nanotubes into polymer based cells .
The key here , as with polymer cells , is trading lower efficiency for much cheaper and more sustainable production .
Carbon nanotubes themselves are still very expensive , although there are still significant improvements that can be made to current production methods .
The carbon nanotubes here did not have to be sorted ( carbon nanotubes come in several different flavors , depending on their electrical properties ) , and they could simply be pulled out of the furnace in their naturally web - like state and put to use after a few chemical washings .
The nanotube webs were floated on water and , after a few drops of ethanol coaxed them to spread out , they were transferred directly to the silicon and allowed to air dry .
This process is almost guaranteed to scale effectively in an industrial setting .
As with most preliminary work , there are still several paths left to explore that may lead to further performance gains — different nanostructures could be used , and polycrystalline silicon and thin film technologies to further lower costs and increase flexibility .
Carbon ’s pursuit of functions traditionally held by other materials seems to be relentless .
Nanotubes seem to be just like zombies .
You ’ve been warned .
Advanced Materials , 2008 .
DOI : 10.1002/adma.200801810
we had just finished posting a ria novosti article captioned " russian analyst predicts decline and breakup of u.s. " when we flipped over to the drudgereport and was quite surprised to see that matt drudge appeared to be giving the same article big publicity with an over the logo , giant type headline :
www.drudgereportarchives.com
expecting to find the usual deep link ; directly to the ria novosti article we were surprised and suspicious to be taken to a copy and paste job from the drudgereport website instead :
www.drudgereport.com/flashrur.htm
On the fate of the U.S. dollar , he said : " In 2006 a secret agreement was reached between Canada , Mexico and the U.S. on a common Amero currency as a new monetary unit .
This could signal preparations to replace the dollar .
The one - hundred dollar bills that have flooded the world could be simply frozen .
Under the pretext , let 's say , that terrorists are forging them and they need to be checked . "
When asked how Russia should react to his vision of the future , Panarin said : " Develop the ruble as a regional currency .
Create a fully functioning oil exchange , trading in rubles ...
We must break the strings tying us to the financial Titanic , which in my view will soon sink . " this couldnt have been a simple mistake on mr. drudge 's part because he included the last sentence from the ria novosti article in his copy and paste job .
so , what is mr. drudge really up to by deceptively promoting a russian analysts prediction about the breakup of the usa while at the same time suppressing any mention of the amero currency and the north american union as well as the original articles origin ?
====
UPDATE monday 01 december 2008
monday 01 december 2008
igor panarin discusses his assertion on russia today , thursday 27 november 2008
link to video
The ABC recently had a report on plans to power north - west Queensland with low temperature geothermal power using hot water from the Great Artesian Basin .
A Brisbane - based company says it could supply geothermal power to all of north - west Queensland .
Clean Energy Australasia wants to build a $ 50 million geothermal power station near Longreach .
But it has now also revealed plans to build a pilot geothermal project near BHP 's Cannington mine at McKinlay , south of Cloncurry .
The company 's Joe Reichman says the Mount Isa region needs about 500 megawatts of power a year and geothermal resources could easily provide that .
" It 'll change the region into a powerhouse , " he said .
Mr Reichman says the company has applied for federal and state government grants and has support from the major mining companies in the region .
If the projects proceed they would be the first geothermal power plants in Australia .
Low temperature geothermal power is a relatively new ( and very low profile ) form of extracting energy from geothermal sources that provides yet another option for meeting our energy needs cleanly and sustainably .
When geothermal power is mentioned , people usually think of traditional high temperature geothermal power stations using water from volcanic areas , such as those found in Iceland , New Zealand , the US and elsewhere around the ring of fire .
More recently , interest in enhanced / engineered geothermal systems ( EGS ) - also known as hot dry rock ( HDR ) or hot fractured rock ( HFR ) geothermal power - has been high , with a number of experimental projects underway in Australia and Europe .
Low temperature geothermal power is also starting to attract significant interest , as lower temperature water resources are common in many countries ( for example , waste hot water produced by oil and gas wells - in Texas alone , more than 12 billon barrels are produced , with oil companies usually re-injecting the waste water into the earth ) and new technologies are beginning to appear that allow these resources to be developed commercially .
UTC Power has developed a low - cost Rankine cycle system that can convert temperatures as low as 195 °F ( 91 °C ) into electricity .
The technology is similar to a steam engine , with steam or hot water vaporizes a hydrofluorocarbon refrigerant that drives the turbine ( it has been compared to a " refrigerator compressor running backwards " ) .
The Great Artesian Basin provides the only reliable source of water through much of inland Australia .
The basin is the largest and deepest artesian basin in the world , covering a total of 1,711,000 square km .
It underlies 23 % of the continent , including most of Queensland , the south - east corner of the Northern Territory , the north - east part of South Australia , and northern New South Wales .
The basin is 3000 metres ( 10,000 ft ) deep in places and is estimated to contain 64,900 cubic kilometres of groundwater .
Most recharge water enters the rock formations from relatively high ground near the eastern edge of the basin ( in Queensland and New South Wales ) and very gradually flows towards the south and west .
Because the sandstones are permeable , water gradually makes its way through the pores between the sand grains , flowing at a rate of one to five metres per year .
Discharge water eventually exits through a number of springs and seeps , mostly in the southern part of the basin .
It takes up to two million years for water to travel to the springs in the Lake Eyre area .
Temperatures of the artesian groundwater ( which is generally of a very good quality ) range from 30o to 100o C at the well heads .
As the groundwater is too hot for town water supply and for stock to drink , it needs to be cooled down before consumption .
That is why cooling towers can be seen throughout the region .
The ABC report 's claim that the Longreach plant would be Australia 's first geothermal power plant is incorrect .
A small ( 120 kW ) power station ( pdf ) has been in operation at Birdsville in western Queensland since the early 1990's - one of the few low - temperature geothermal power stations in the world .
The plant derives its energy from the near - boiling ( 98 degrees C ) water taken from the Great Artesian Basin ( at a depth of 1230 m ) that provides a water supply for the town .
Operation of this geothermal power station reduced the town 's diesel consumption by about 160,000 litres per year .
The Victorian town of Portland ( in the Otway Basin ) also operated a district heating scheme using water from geothermal sources for about 20 years , though this did not generate power .
The UTC plant has been trialled at the Chena Hot Springs in Alaska , with the first plant going online in July 2006 .
A second unit began operating later that year .
Together , the two power units are contributing to the resort owner 's goal of making Chena the first totally renewably powered and fueled community in the United States .
The Chena experience is motivating other cities in Alaska , including Anchorage to investigate setting up larger scale geothermal plants .
UTC installed more production systems at another location in New Mexico in August this year .
Utah company Raser Technologies is looking to build a range of geothermal power plants throughout the western United States using Rankine cycle systems , with their first plant going live in Utah earlier this month .
Some oil fields also produce hot water which can be used to drive Rankine cycle power plants , with trials being performed in Wyoming Germany is interested in deriving significant amounts of energy from both EGS / HFR and low temperature geothermal sources .
There are already four small geothermal power plants successfully operating in Germany , albeit supplying only a tiny amount of electricity .
The first geothermal plant to start operating in Germany is situated in Neustadt - Glewe in the north - eastern part of the country .
The 230 - kW combined electricity and heat power plant started up in 2003 and extracts water with a temperature of 97 °C from a well 2250 meters under the ground .
It supplies 1,300 households with heat and a further 500 households with electricity .
Other plants now operating are the 3.5 - MW plant at Unterhaching close to Munich , in Bavaria which is the first geothermal plant in Germany to use Kalina cycle technology .
At that plant water is extracted at a temperature of 122 °C from a well 3,500 meters deep .
Another 2.5 - MW plant in Landau taps water of 150 °C that is located 3,000 meters beneath the ground .
Another 550 - kW plant is due to go into operation in Bruchsal shortly , extracting water at temperatures of 128 °C from a well 2500 meters deep .
More plants ( as big as 8 - 10 MW ) are due to go into operation in 2009 - 2010 in Sauerlach , Dürrnhaar , Riedstadt , Speyer , Gross Schoenebeck and Mauerstetten .
By 2015 there could be more than a hundred plants operating - around 150 geothermal power plant projects are in the pipeline according to the German government .
One major constraint on expanding the program has been shortages of drilling equipment .
While New Zealand already generates a significant portion of its power using traditional geothermal sources , the country is also conducting a NZ $ 2.6 million research program into low temperature geothermal power .
Low temperature geothermal power has the advantage of being clean , continuously available energy that can be generated in a wide variety of locations .
Plants will likely to continue to be relatively small - scale , making it a classic distributed energy generation alternative ( like biogas and solar PV ) , with growth probably remaining low profile for some time .
In the long run , I expect we 'll see a useful and significant amount of our energy needs being produced using this technology .
10.22 pm. Biden 's answer about his kids , the moment when he clearly choked up , was emotionally very powerful .
I expect it will resonate more with women .
10.18 pm. Biden 's response on Cheney and the constitution was devastating .
His authority against her chatter really told .
And that is what is slowly happening in this debate .
She started by dazzling people with sheer velocity and energy and gimmicks .
But as the debate goes on , her cutesy soundbites actually begin to unnerve .
And his authority comes through .
This is now a tie , as Biden is gaining fast in the closing stretch .
Classic tortoise and hare .
10.17 pm . The unraveling on the veep constitutional role continues .
Oy .
10.12 pm. " Doggone it . "
" Say it ai n't so , Joe . "
" God bless her . "
A shout out to her home town school .
A total ramble of nothing on education .
Total ramble .
She has begun to unravel once substance is actually required .
10.08 pm. Biden 's summary of how he would continue Obama 's agenda was superb .
He 's regaining his footing and now winning this thing .
10.04 pm . Her answer on the Iraq war was just awful .
Her running mate voted for the war and then became one of the strongest critics of its execution .
So her notion that you cannot change your mind in the face of the facts runs against the core record of her running mate !
No amount of blather can overcome that lack of knowledge or wisdom or judgment .
10.01 pm . Is she reading notes ?
On foreign policy , as the debate slows down Palin 's manic soundbites , Biden is gaining .
in fact , I 'm shifting in my view of this debate .
Biden 's authority is beginning to pierce the rat - a - tat - tat of Palin 's Bush - style soundbites .
The debate feels like a replay of the last five weeks .
You begin by being dazzled by the style of this chipper little cheer - leader .
But as time goes by , you wonder if there 's any wisdom behind the blather .
9.58 pm. Biden uses Petraeus against Palin on the silly notion of a " surge " in Afghanistan .
Devastating .
His comparison between Iraq and Afghanistan is also very telling .
Palin 's soundbites on this sound alarmingly like George W. Bush .
9.57 pm. Palin's answer on nuclear proliferation is weird , strange and very disconcerting .
9.56 pm. Biden nails McCain 's foreign policy as identical to George W. Bush's .
His finest moment .
He 's coming back hard .
Because he actually knows his stuff and her schtick is wearing thinner as the debate goes forward .
9.53 pm. Biden is very commanding on Israel .
He 's regaining control of this debate - making it about issues rather than rapidly delivered soundbites .
My worry is not that she is winning the argument .
It 's that she is just chattering along .
9.51 pm. Biden is finally warming up .
He has authority on diplomacy and international relations and finally it shows .
Her goal is just to chatter and barrel forward .
9.49 pm. Palin says that Iran has no right even to peaceful nuclear energy ?
But it 's clear that she and McCain are clear on launching a pre-emptive war against Iran .
And I do n't believe that Palin can call anyone else dangerous .
John was there for me 90 % of the time over the last eight years .
When you think of John McCain , think of me , George W. Bush .
Think of this face .
When you ’re in the voting booth , before you vote , picture this face right here .
A vote for John McCain is a vote for George W. Bush . …
So I want to be there for you , John , for the next eight years .
Ok , not exactly an activist alert but it is a Sunday and this is interesting and goes to show how natural gender diversity is in the animal kingdom .
" A hen has changed into a cockerel over the course of a two - year sex - swap process .
Georgina the hen is thought to have damaged an ovary , causing her testosterone levels to soar and effectively transforming the organ into a testicle .
The one - in - 10,000 switch has seen the animal develop a cockscomb on its head and its voice break - allowing it to crow each morning .
" Georgina was always a big girl and she was surrounded by other hens for two years before she decided to take on the role of cockerel , " said Jane Haworth from the Battery Hen Welfare Trust headquarters in Chulmleigh , North Devon .
" It took around two years but George has a cockscomb and seems a lot happier than she was .
I think he looks amazing .
" He always had slightly hairy legs which was a bit of a giveaway .
He does n't lay eggs anymore and crows every morning - it's quite a turnaround . "
( E - Transgender )
This is not the first I have read about transgender animals and I find it fascinating .
It shows there is a strong correlation between queer rights & animal rights in my opinion .
What do you all think ?
Camel Snus , the latest smokeless tobacco product to hit the American market , is not your grandfather ’s chaw .
Available in three flavors and packaged in attractive tins , Snus does not have to be spit out and therefore can be used just about anywhere -- “ at a concert , right in front of security guards , ” “ on a jet from Miami to L.A. , ” or at an “ overpriced tapas restaurant , ” a promotional brochure suggests .
And Snus delivers a powerful dose of nicotine : eight milligrams in each pouch , a spokesman for the R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company , which manufacturers Snus , acknowledged on Wednesday .
A pouch amounts to a single dose .
That ’s far more nicotine per gram than is present other popular chewing tobacco products , according to some researchers , who are concerned that Snus may turn out to be both carcinogenic and highly addictive .
Sweet Alien ! Sugar Molecule Discovered In Region G31.41+0.31
Scientists have detected an organic sugar molecule that is directly linked to the origin of life , in a region of our galaxy where habitable planets could exist .
The international team of researchers , including a researcher at University College London ( UCL ) , used the IRAM radio telescope in France to detect the molecule in a massive star forming region of space , some 26000 light years from Earth .
The molecule ­ - glycolaldehyde - has previously only been detected towards the center of our galaxy where conditions are extreme compared to the rest of the galaxy .
This new discovery in an area far from the galactic centre also suggests that the production of this key ingredient for life could be common throughout the galaxy .
It 's good news in our search for alien life , as a wide spread of the molecule improves the chances of it existing along side other molecules vital to life and in regions where Earth - like planets may exist .
The team were able to detect glycolaldehyde by using the telescope to observe the region with high - angular resolution and at different wavelengths .
The observations confirmed the presence of three lines of glycolaldegyde towards the most central part of the core of the region
Glycolaldehyde , the simplest of the monosaccharide sugars , can react with the substance propenal to form ribose , a central constituent of Ribonucleic acid ( RNA ) , thought to be the central molecule in the origin of life .
Dr. Serena Viti , one of the paper 's authors from University College London , said , " This is an important discovery as it is the first time glycolaldehyde , a basic sugar , has been detected towards a star - forming region where planets that could potentially harbour life may exist . "
Professor Keith Mason , Chief Executive of the Science and Technology Facilities Council ( STFC ) , said , " The discovery of an organic sugar molecule in a star forming region of space is very exciting and will provide incredibly useful information in our search for alien life .
Research like this , combined with the vast array of other astronomical projects involving UK researchers , is continually expanding our knowledge of the Universe and keeping the UK at the forefront of astronomy . "
The international team of scientists are from :
• The Universitat de Barcelona - CSIC , Barcelona
• INAF - Istituto di Radioastronomia and INAF - Osservatorio Astrrofisico di Arcetri in Florence
• University College London
• Institute de Radiastronomie MillimÃ©trique , Grenoble
Article : M.T. Beltran , C. Codella , S. Viti , R. Neri , R. Cesaroni , ' First detection of glycolaldehyde outside the Galactic Center ' , arXiv:0811.3821v1 [ astro-ph ]
The memory of a beloved pet inspires one couple 's fight against injustice .
Web standards that have been outlined and classified have totally transformed the internet in just the last 10 years or so , creating an online experience that is more cohesive , more predictable , and a lot more robust .
In 2005 , when Cascading Style Sheets were updated for the third time – creating CSS3 – designers and developers around the world rejoiced at what this new web standard made possible .
CSS alone was a major overhaul to the way that the web worked .
Instead of styling everything that went live online inside of HTML , making it next to impossible to update consistently ( or quickly ) later down the line without having to go through every single line of code , CSS stripped the styling and formatting from HTML completely and held it in its own container .
CSS3 promised to push what cascading style sheets were capable of even further into the future .
Text shadows , images with built - in borders , opacity levels , multiple / formattable backgrounds , and a whole host of other transformations were now possible through CSS3 that were n’t ever possible before .
And while it ’s been 13 years since CSS3 was introduced there are still quite a few designers and developers out there not taking full advantage of everything it has to offer .
Hopefully this quick overview and basic guide helps you better understand the power , the leverage , in the capabilities that CSS3 brings to the table .
Let ’s dive right in !
Better understanding CSS in general
Almost everything you see online today has been separated into ( at least ) two different digital documents – your HTML that makes up the content on your page , and your CSS that handles all of the aesthetics and the appearance of that same content .
Think of CSS as the online language used to dictate the style and look of any one particular page or site online .
CSS can be used to position pieces of content , to establish background images or colors , to dictate the size , style , and font used , as well as a whole host of other aesthetic details that are so important to making our web experience as beautiful as it is today .
By separating out the aesthetics of your site from the content you ’re able to quickly make changes – or wholesale swapout designs – by modifying just your CSS files , as opposed to having to go through every line of HTML and making sure EVERYTHING was changed along the way .
What ’s new in CSS3 ?
The original CSS language represented a major leap forward in web design , and the second version of CSS brought forward a nether specification that helped give a lot more control to designers and developers .
But the reason we have had a third version of CSS for 13 years now ( dozens of lifetimes in the always fast - moving world of online technology ) is because more than 50 different modules were added to CSS3 – and most have only barely begun to scratch the surface of everything these new modules make possible .
Animation modules have opened up a world of opportunity for designers and developers to combine HTML and CSS3 in a way that used to only be possible with JavaScript .
JavaScript would definitely get the job done , but you had to make sure that you were programming for a whole host of different JavaScript versions – and this style of animation was always resource intensive .
Animations in CSS3 are super lightweight , efficient , and a lot easier to create – not to mention you no longer have to worry about handling different JavaScript versions along the way .
New calculation functions built into CSS3 are specifically useful with responsive design projects .
It ’s now possible to add , subtract , multiply , and divide right inside of your CSS3 files , with the calculations being used to dictate and determine property values so that your website always looks perfect no matter how much screen real estate is available on the device it is being viewed on at that point in time .
Advanced selectors open up a lot more control when selecting different HTML elements for CSS rules .
These selectors have streamlined and simplified a lot of HTML 5 , which was already pretty simple and straightforward but now becomes even faster and more efficient .
Gradients can be used as a background type , giving CSS designers and developers the opportunity to create visually incredible backgrounds that are downloaded by a server or a host in a fraction of the amount of time it used to take .
This has transformed the web visually in ways that most people still have n’t quite come to fully appreciate just yet .
Multiple backgrounds can be used with CSS3 , especially when taking advantage of the background property that allows you to apply background elements to a whole host of different elements that were n’t able to leverage this resource in the past .
Media queries provide a lot of extra interaction with the internet that never existed previously , either .
Responsive websites are critically important today when our world is becoming more and more focused on mobile devices .
As more people use their mobile device to connect to the web responsive design becomes even more valuable – and CSS3 media queries make it all happen .
3 - D transformations can be successfully pulled off with CSS3 , but a big reason behind this technology not yet been fully adapted by more designers and developers is because it is so difficult to pull off successfully .
Even still , it shows just how forward thinking the CSS3 upgrade really wants , considering the fact that these kinds of capabilities were made available 13 years ago when CSS3 first rolled out .
Learning CSS3
If you already have a background in CSS , learning CSS3 is going to take absolutely no time at all whatsoever .
Even while the capabilities of CSS3 represent a major overhaul of what was possible before , this update is more of an iterative update when it comes to actually implementing CSS3 tags and syntax .
It ’s a good idea to immerse yourself totally in CSS fundamentals before you step off into the deep end of learning new CSS3 tags and syntax specifically .
Once you have a rock solid foundation in how cascading style sheets are supposed to work you ’ll be better suited to learning the ins and outs of the new capabilities possible with CSS3 .
Because CSS3 is the web standard , a whole host of 100 % free resources are available online to help you get up to speed with this new technology .
The W3C organization in particular has plenty of resources for you to and choose from , and honestly YouTube is going to be your best friend when you want to figure out how to make something specific come to life with nothing more than HTML 5 and CSS3 .
While there ’s talk about the “ next version ” of CSS already being underway , the other pretty good that will never see a CSS4 .
This third standard has become robust enough all on its own to cement its position at the top of the development hierarchy , but also remains flexible enough for it to be changed , modified , and improved upon from here on out .
Both HTML 5 and CSS3 are considered to be “ terminal versions , but at the same time living standards that will constantly be reinvented and improved from this moment forward .
These are going to be the bedrock tools and technologies you want to master if you ’re serious about web design and development , particularly responsive web design and development today .
Hopefully we ’ve given enough of a primer for you to feel totally comfortable diving headfirst into everything that CSS3 has to offer !
Detroit must die / American cars are still uniformly god-awful .
Why save them ?
This is what I think whenever I see someone plodding along the freeway or struggling through the city streets in some older and terminally bland or even brand new and yet still terminally bland Malibu or Cobalt or Taurus , Sebring or Nitro or Mustang or Corvette or Neon or hell , almost any car from any American manufacturer whatsoever ...
I think :
Oh , you poor thing .
I think :
Do you not have any friends ?
Did no one tell you ?
Have you not yet heard of this crazy thing called the Interweb ?
Did you not even bother to do ten minutes of research and comparison shopping before you purchased that squeaky , ill - built lump of misfit steel and crude design , homework which would 've instantly revealed to you what even the most amateur automotive buff knows the instant she becomes a fan of quality engineering and design refinement and , you know , basic drivability ?
This is what you would 've learned : that American cars are , to this very day , still uniformly awful .
Or if they 're not awful , they 're just passably mediocre .
And your money would be oh so much better spent on German or Japanese or even Korean .
I 'm so sorry about your urine - yellow Chevy Aveo .
Here , have my parking space .
You might disagree .
You might say , hey wait a minute , not all American cars are as dreadful and ill - equipped as Sarah Palin at a science fair .
There are a few exceptions , a few gems among the dirt clods .
Like the new ... um , the Ford , uh , what was it again ?
Right .
The Flex ( that 's not a car , but whatever ) .
And hey , the new Fiesta is supposed to be hot , because they brought it over from Europe -- aka " land of wonderful , efficient , well - designed little cars we almost never see . "
And was n't that big pseudo - gangster slab , the Chrysler 300 , sort of cool about five years ago ?
Sure it was .
And you 're right .
Those cars are exactly that , exceptions .
Rarities .
Flukes .
The truth is , American cars have n't been interesting or exceptional in decades .
When it comes to small and efficient , there is n't a single truly desirable American car on the road today .
And innovation ?
Dear God .
The last new idea a U.S. manufacturer had was sticking a mini fridge under the seat of the Caravan .
Neato .
And now here 's the other thing I think when I hear that the bloated American auto industry is on the verge of complete collapse , failure , bankruptcy , that the Big Three -- Ford , GM , Chrysler -- are losing billions hand over tailpipe , and that Obama and Nancy Pelosi are right now considering shoveling many billions into their voracious maws to try and keep them afloat for a while longer , just so they can keep producing crap no one really wants .
I think :
Are you kidding me ?
We have a chance to let this fat , lazy , top - heavy , SUV - glutted industry implode like it so very much deserves , and we might not take it ?
I think :
What an opportunity .
We could begin to reinvent the American automobile starting next week , and we might instead keep the old ways alive simply because the Big Three were too stupid and greedy to see past their gross SUV sales figures for the past 25 years ?
Come on .
Look .
You are free to reminisce all you like about some hazy , throbbing , " American Graffiti " - tinted golden era of American cars , all about Steve McQueen and ' Cudas and ' 67 Mustangs and peeling out in the high school parking lot .
Knock yourself out .
But the truth is , this economic crisis might be our best chance yet to wipe the flabby , useless U.S. transportation slate clean and begin anew , armed with a whole new set of tools American auto manufacturing has never used before : efficiency , ingenuity , agility .
Can you imagine ?
I realize I am no economist .
I fully understand there might be reasons far larger and more fiscally complicated to justify keeping the Big Three alive for awhile longer , simply because , like AIG , so many billions are wrapped up in their operations and in the various supply chains that support them , to let them all fail nearly simultaneously could rip a hole in our sinking ship of state far larger and more dangerous than the one that results from letting them suffer and die slowly , bleeding billions all the way .
What 's more , I 'm also not so heartless to ignore the brutal job losses , the tens of thousands of collapsed pension plans and failed retirement accounts that would result from the end of American auto industry .
It would be horrible indeed .
But maybe that 's where the government 's billions would be far more useful , to ease the meltdown and provide retraining .
( I am also urged to note that the enormous , overstuffed UAW is n't exactly a saint , either , and that a large part of the responsibility for Big Auto 's lack of innovation and change lo these past decades rests squarely on its petulant shoulders , too .
You can't blame all the ills of American auto on the greedy CEOs and their shortsighted accountants .
Just most of them . )
Here 's the upshot :
The American auto market is the biggest in the world .
Our near - religious adoration of cars is n't vanishing anytime soon .
There are hundreds of billions of dollars still to be made .
Let prehistoric Big Auto die now , put the old , tired , sickly circus elephant out of its misery , and watch what happens .
Innovation would skyrocket .
Entrepreneurs would flood in .
New and pioneering car companies -- or better yet , radical new ideas for urban human transport -- would flourish .
New jobs would be created almost instantly .
Those supply chains would n't vanish , they 'd adapt .
The American auto industry would convulse , struggle , acclimate , reinvent itself anew .
Hell , even most Republicans agree on this :
You do n't bail out lousy , overweight companies who 've been dumping bad ideas on us since the Carter administration .
Let the free market pull the trigger , and move on .
Yes , it might take awhile -- ten or twenty years , even -- before we 'd see anything resembling a tolerable American vehicle that could compete with Toyota 's manufacturing genius , Honda 's simple quality , or any of the Germans ' astonishing refinement or cool sex appeal .
So what ?
Meantime , we 'd all have to suffer driving Minis and Audis and Honda Fits while America figures out how to be ingenious and competitive again ?
Gosh , how horrible .
Mark Morford 's latest book is ' The Daring Spectacle : Adventures in Deviant Journalism ' .
Join Mark on Facebook and Twitter , or email him .
His website is markmorford.com .
For his yoga classes , workshops and retreats , click markmorfordyoga.com .
Mark 's column appears every Wednesday on SFGate , and is frequently cross-posted to Huffington Post .
To join the notification list for this column , click here and remove one article of clothing .
To get on Mark 's personal mailing list , click here and remove three more .
This column also has an RSS feed and a very handy archive page .
A child walks along the main road to Goma in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo after fleeing fighting in Kibumba in this picture taken on October 27 , 2008 and released by the aid agency World Vision on October 28 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Handout / WORLD ...more
Advertisements
During his press conference announcing his economic team today , President Elect Obama stress that he is developing an economic plan , and will act on it immediately after taking office .
“ Right now , our economy is trapped in a vicious cycle : the turmoil on Wall Street means a new round of belt - tightening for families and businesses on Main Street – and as folks produce less and consume less , that just deepens the problems in our financial markets .
These extraordinary stresses on our financial system require extraordinary policy responses .
And my Administration will honor the public commitments made by the current Administration to address this crisis , ” Obama said .
Obama is going to be hands on when it comes to the economy , “ I have asked my economic team to develop recommendations for this plan , and to consult with Congress , the current Administration and the Federal Reserve on immediate economic developments over the next two months .
I have requested that they brief me on these matters on a daily basis , and in the coming weeks , I will provide the American people and the incoming Congress with an overview of their initial recommendations .
It is my hope that the new Congress will begin work on an aggressive economic recovery plan when they convene in early January so that our Administration can hit the ground running . ”
Advertisements
I believe that Obama wants more than the new Congress to work on a plan .
He wants his plan passed so that he can sign it shortly after he takes office .
Obama is facing a multi- dimensional crisis , so it is n’t a surprise that he is not forthcoming with details today .
His plan is focused on stabilizing the markets , home foreclosures , putting money back into people ’s pockets , and creating 2.5 million new jobs .
Obama believes that job creation is the key to turning this economy around , so this will likely be the primary focus of the plan .
Two things are very clear .
The government is going to have to deficit spend , and Obama is going to have to delay his repeal of the Bush tax cuts .
No matter what some ideologues may think , we ca n’t cut our way out of this economic downturn .
The fact is that there is an indirect relationship between the demand for government assistance , and economic conditions .
In other words , as the economy goes down , demand for programs like food stamps and unemployment goes up .
Unless the goal is to have a prolonged recession or even a depression , the government must spend right now .
Obama was not ready to discuss the cost of his stimulus package today , but it is likely to start with another $ 300 - $ 500 billion on top of the $ 350 billion leftover from the initial $ 700 billion bailout .
The cost of the entire package will get close to a trillion dollars , but without it government revenue will continue to decline , and the United States would be running the risk of not being able to pay for entitlements for people who desperately need them now more than ever .
Once the economy is revived , government revenues will increase , and the deficit will drop .
Obama was clear today that putting people back to work is his short term concern , and budget deficits are a long term issue .
Obama ’s Press Conference
About The Author Vailancio Rodrigues is a web ninja who bakes semantic muffins .
Apart from that he is also interested in Motion Graphics , Visual Effects , Photography and knows … More about Vailancio Rodrigues …
35 Beautiful Examples Of Rain Photography
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Most photographers do not feel comfortable in taking photographs in bad weather .
Yet bad weather sometimes presents the perfect opportunity to get most out of our skills .
In particular , in the beginning of autumn rain can provide the perfect opportunity to capture wonderful photos .
Most photographers do not feel comfortable in taking photographs in bad weather .
Yet bad weather sometimes presents the perfect opportunity to get most out of our skills .
In particular , in the beginning of autumn rain can provide the perfect opportunity to capture wonderful photos .
Shooting in rain produces dramatic atmosphere and soft romantic scenes .
Whether you are after lightning strikes or water drops , alone the incredible cloud formations can produce quite exciting and impressive photos .
Reflections can occasionally produce mirrors or blurs of dancing colors , making the photography in rain beautiful and unpredictable .
Below we present over 35 beautiful examples of rain photography .
This post is supposed to provide you with some inspiration for rainy motifs and is not supposed to be the ultimate collection of best photographs .
There are definitely thousands of beautiful “ rainy ” photos .
Feel free to share links to them in comments to this post !
All photos are linked and lead to the sources from which they were taken .
Please feel free to explore further works of these photographers on their Flickr collections or their personal sites .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
Beautiful Rain Photography
Marcel Germain
Maria Sauh
vijayal
Tim Hearud
muha
Dreamer - Soul
Cody26
Muha
J Rutledge
black &white
Victor Eredel
Ben Visbeek
Agnieszka Borkowska
unknown
Artem Tschaikowsky
unknown
Cody26
Time Magazine
Curtis Forrester
Zasu
Yauheni Attsetski
Séverine Cousot aka Sey
DeDaniel
Muha
Ahmed Zahid
3amfromkyoto
Hau Si Yuan Julian
Zaniac
DeDaniel
Chospatis
Soumya
DenesG1
Max
Further Articles and Related Resources
October Thanks
I know the truth .
You come to this little corner of the online world as much for the incredibly insightful comments that others leave as you do for the posts I write , right ?
Heck , some may come just for the comments .
That ’s why I like to stop and say “ thanks ” each month to those who commented in the previous month .
It ’s not a groundbreaking , cutting - edge idea , by any means .
But I do think that we do n’t say “ thanks ” enough as it is these days .
So , thanks to :
Shannon Paul , Todd And , Geoff Livingston , Jeremy Pepper , Amber Naslund , Todd Defren , Mike Volpe , Libby Krah , Lara Kretler , Cyrkle Lomax , Sonny Gill , Jess Sanders , Jack Wojcicki , Nikki Stephan , Michael Savoni , Megan Maguire , Stephanie Elsea , Lindsey Levy , Kellye Crane , Rick Adams , Susan Iskiwitch , Brad Mays , Martin Waxman , Leo Bottary , Amybeth Hale , Scott Meis , Lisa Mabe , Ed Nicholson , Albert Maruggi , Neal Jansons , Kristin Kalscheur , Kathleen Moriarty , Chepchumba , Iggy Pintado , Richie Escovedo , Mel Webster , Elaine Armstrong , Kirk Phillips , Catherine Allen , Lauren Almaguer , Jen Wilbur , Megan Hofmann , Daniel Lally , Scott Scotch , Phil Baumann , Mark Sullivan , Christian Fisher , Ari Herzog , Karen Heenan - Davies , Evgeniy Tic , Jen Knoedl , LaDonna Coy , Scott Roche , Sims Bulluck , Martha Keeley , Dave Maskin , Jonathon Westenberg , Frank Feather , Lee Freedman , Devasis Chattopadhyay , Udai Jain , Ahmnodt Heare , Stephen Koenigsberg , Mark Tosczak , Jeff Davis , Sherry Carr Deer , Patrick Evans , Paul Matson , Josh Sternberg , Bettina Forbes , James Walker , Christine Needles , Craig McGill , Ari Adler , Laura Bergells , Jen Wilbur , Sandra Proulx , Joshua Stecker , Nicole Hamilton , Jill Foster , Brian Camen , Kathryn Williford , Barb Chamberlain , Dwayne Waite
Have you joined in the conversation ?
We ’d love to hear your perspectives , too .
Please take a second to subscribe to this blog and jump in on posts with comments .
* Image by Joi Ito .
If you enjoyed this post , please consider subscribing to my RSS feed , either by reader or by e-mail .
Since the TARP has a very big checkbook and a very broad mandate ( it can buy any kind of dud loan it chooses to , plus bona fide assets ) , it has become a magnet for industries that have belatedly recognized that it could provide a handout .
The latest is the poster child for rust - belt hardship , the auto industry , which is looking for a place to dump less than stellar car loans .
As reader Steve , who sent us this item , wrote :
The pigs are racing to the trough — this time , there ’s not even a pretense that the loans are good or that market liquidity is hurting pricing .
From Reuters , “ Finance companies want US to buy bad auto loans “ :
Finance companies are preparing to seek authority from the U.S. Treasury Department to sell bad auto loans to the government as part of Washington ’s sweeping plan to restimulate credit markets and boost the flagging economy .
“ The onus is now on us to make the case for our companies to be able to sell non-mortgage related assets to the government , ” Bill Himpler , executive vice president of the American Financial Services Association , said late on Tuesday .
The group represents a range of finance companies , including major auto affiliates like Ford Motor Credit Co , the financial services arm of Ford Motor Co , and GMAC LLC , controlled by Chrysler owner Cerberus Capital Management …
The $ 700 billion rescue plan approved by Congress last month and now in the process of being implemented by the Bush administration enables the Treasury to buy up bad auto loans , if it deems that doing so is critical to the health of the U.S. economy .
“ We ’re in the process of putting together our case … that auto paper is key to financial market stability , ” Himpler said .
Yves here .
If you believe that , I have a bridge I ’d like to sell you ….
He said the association would try to “ cast as wide a net as possible ” to ensure that companies holding loans that consumers failed to pay back would be eligible to improve their books and extend credit to new borrowers .
Auto loans traditionally perform well but defaults are starting to pick up because of overall credit market turmoil , the financial services group said .
GMAC has begun giving car loans only to buyers with the best credit scores as the global financial crisis strains its access to capital .
Another priority of the association is to persuade the U.S. Federal Reserve to expand eligibility for short - term loans , called commercial paper , to auto financing companies .
A separate article , in Bloomberg ( again via Steve ) , discusses how General Motors may reduce overseas production due to “ limited access to funding . ”
One has to wonder whether the emphasis on funding is to support the message to the officialdom that Big Auto needs a helping hand , or whether one could just as easily attribute the cutbacks to a faltering economy and worries about high fuel prices .
From Bloomberg :
WASHINGTON  The Federal Reserve lowered its benchmark interest rate by half a percentage point on Wednesday , its second big rate cut this month , as policy makers tried to fend off what could be the worst economic downturn in decades .
The move brought the target rate for federal funds  the interest rate at which banks lend to each other overnight  to 1 percent , down to the near - record lows reached in 2003 and 2004 , when the Fed was trying to encourage an economic recovery after the bursting of the Internet bubble .
The central bank left open the possibility of going still lower , warning “ downside risks to growth remain . ”
As the crisis that began in the mortgage market spreads through the economy , policy makers are redoubling their efforts to contain the damage .
Even as the Fed reduced rates on Wednesday , the Bush administration was weighing a plan to slow the foreclosure epidemic in the nation ’s housing market .
Details of the initiative were in flux , but the plan could involve the government guaranteeing the mortgages of as many as three million at - risk homeowners , a step that could cost taxpayers tens of billions of dollars , people briefed on the plan said .
But neither the Fed ’s move nor word of the possible mortgage rescue were enough to allay concern in the financial markets that the economy was in deep trouble .
The stock market , which had rallied briefly after the rate cut was announced shortly after 2 p.m. , tumbled in the final minutes of trading .
Cholera has now spread to all of Zimbabwe 's provinces , the UN says Nearly 300 people have died in Zimbabwe in recent weeks in a cholera outbreak which has hit about 6,000 people , the World Health Organization reports .
The UN body predicted the water - borne disease would continue to spread because of poor sanitation in the impoverished country 's urban areas .
Many hospitals have shut down and most towns suffer from poor water supply , broken sewers and uncollected waste .
An outbreak of cholera on this scale is rare in Zimbabwe , correspondents say .
The outbreak is likely to continue as the water and sanitation situation is worsening
WHO statement
Harare 's hospitals die
While the disease is endemic in Zimbabwe , it seems this will be the worst outbreak since 2000 , Michel Van Herp of the aid agency Medecins Sans Frontieres ( MSF ) told the BBC .
The WHO said that tackling the problem would be difficult because of the local shortage of drugs , medical supplies and health professionals , and the start of the rainy season was " also of concern " .
" The outbreak is likely to continue as the water and sanitation situation is worsening , with severe shortages of potable water , sewage and waste disposal problems reported in most of the populated areas , " a WHO statement said .
In Geneva , the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs specified that cholera had spread to all of Zimbabwe 's provinces .
It and the WHO put the total number of suspected cholera as of 18 November at 6,072 with 294 deaths .
' Unprecedented ' Zimbabwe 's own government has reported fewer deaths , putting the figure at 90 , but Health Minister David Parirenyatwa said this week that his ministry was " battling to control unprecedented ... outbreaks " .
CHOLERA
An intestinal infection caused by bacteria
Is often linked to contaminated supplies of drinking water Can spread quickly in areas where there is poor sanitation Rarely spread by person - to - person contact Most people infected do not actually get ill
He identified Budiriro , a suburb of the capital Harare , as " the epicentre of the disease " , adding that the current wave of cholera had begun in September in Chitungwiza , a satellite town south of Harare .
Admitting the situation in government hospitals was " bad " , he told the Herald newspaper he hoped food would soon be made available under the Reserve Bank 's programme to ensure Zimbabweans had basic commodities .
The country 's Association of Doctors for Human Rights highlighted the dire state of a health service once widely admired in Africa .
" Our health delivery system , previously the envy of many developing countries , is now teetering on the verge of virtual collapse , " it said .
" Sick people in need of medical attention are being turned away from Zimbabwe 's hospitals and clinics . "
The usually busy reception at Harare Central is deserted Harare 's Central Hospital officially closed down last week and now hardly a doctor or nurse is in sight , Zimbabwean journalist Brian Hungwe reports from the city .
Cholera - sufferers would be " coming to hospital to die because there is nobody to care for anyone " , said Dr Malvern Nyamutora , vice - chairman of the Junior Doctors ' Association .
" Cholera is treatable , just fluids and tetracycline [ an anti-biotic ] is enough , but if you get people dying of this diarrhoea - that explains the state of the health crisis , " he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Stanford Magazine reports on the applications from psychological research Carol Dweck 's work , which uses careful experiments to determine why some people give up when confronted with failure , while others roll up their sleeves and dive in .
Through a series of exercises , the experimenters trained half the students to chalk up their errors to insufficient effort , and encouraged them to keep going .
Those children learned to persist in the face of failure–and to succeed .
The control group showed no improvement at all , continuing to fall apart quickly and to recover slowly .
These findings , says Dweck , " really supported the idea that the attributions were a key ingredient driving the helpless and mastery - oriented patterns . "
Her 1975 article on the topic has become one of the most widely cited in contemporary psychology .
Attribution theory , concerned with people 's judgments about the causes of events and behavior , already was an active area of psychological research .
But the focus at the time was on how we make attributions , explains Stanford psychology professor Lee Ross , who coined the term " fundamental attribution error " for our tendency to explain other people 's actions by their character traits , overlooking the power of circumstances .
Dweck , he says , helped " shift the emphasis from attributional errors and biases to the consequences of attributions –why it matters what attributions people make . "
Dweck had put attribution theory to practical use …
… [ S ] ome of the children who put forth lots of effort did n't make attributions at all .
These children did n't think they were failing .
Diener puts it this way : " Failure is information –we label it failure , but it 's more like , ' This did n't work , I 'm a problem solver , and I 'll try something else . ' "
During one unforgettable moment , one boy–something of a poster child for the mastery - oriented type–faced his first stumper by pulling up his chair , rubbing his hands together , smacking his lips and announcing , " I love a challenge . "
Such zest for challenge helped explain why other capable students thought they lacked ability just because they'd hit a setback .
Common sense suggests that ability inspires self - confidence .
And it does for a while –so long as the going is easy .
But setbacks change everything .
Dweck realized–and , with colleague Elaine Elliott soon demonstrated –that the difference lay in the kids ' goals .
" The mastery - oriented children are really hell - bent on learning something , " Dweck says , and " learning goals " inspire a different chain of thoughts and behaviors than " performance goals . "
Intelligent neglect is the true method in which god created the world .
He was watching tv and when he got up to go make a sandwich he knocked over his beer .
When he returned
He found that there was a whole universe to be found in the stain on the floor .
Dark matter is the paper towel he is using to wipe us up .
He is coming .
American scientist Charles Gerba from Arizona University believes that typical office equipment , such as phones , keyboards , and mice can present a serious danger to the health of people working with it .
According to the results of the study conducted by Gerba , some desktops are hundreds times dirtier than the public washrooms .
For instance , a mouse which has n’t been cleaned for a few weeks can contain up to 1676 germs per square inch , while the same area on the keyboard will host around 3300 microbes .
The “ dirtiest ” place in the office is the phone .
Because of regular phone calls , meetings with colleagues , visitors or clients a square inch on the number buttons can contain up to 25127 bacteria .
Every square inch of an average office contains almost 21 000 microbes .
Compare those numbers with the ones received from examining washrooms of the same offices ; it turned out that washrooms are 400 times cleaner and contain only 50 germs per square inch .
Here ’re some numbers for comparison :
Phone : 25,127 ;
Desktop : 20,961 ;
Computer Keyboard : 3,295 ;
Computer Mouse : 1,676 ;
Toilet seat : 49 .
The scientist stresses that the micro-organisms transmitting viral illnesses , such as flu , can survive on various surfaces in the office for three days .
At the same time coffee - spills , crumbs of food , and dirty cups left on the table present great environment for the microbes to grow and reproduce .
The solution for this problems is easy to guess : regular disinfection should do the trick and kill the microbes .
Such a simple procedure as wiping the phones and keyboards with alcohol will kill 99 % of the germs on them .
Emails from mp3 bloggers received in recent days as well as posts on mp3 blogs point towards renewed attacks from the RIAA and its UK equivalent the IFPI .
MP3 blogs operate in a legal gray area , but have become a major source of exposure particularly for indie music .
Most mp3 bloggers take down any track on request , but recently rights holders are going straight to ISPs or service providers demanding action .
Last week the Berkeley Place blog wrote :
" I ’ve been a non-RIAA reviewer for over a year now … That used to be a safe approach …
A few weeks ago , I posted a collection of covers of songs from the 1980s .
To my knowledge , only one of the artists featured in that post had a connection to the RIAA .
That was Chris Cornell .
But the song that I posted was a live recording , not commercially released .
Nevertheless , the post mysteriously disappeared from my site .
Over the next few weeks , this happened twice more .
Blogger , my host , has been utterly silent on the issue .
I am not alone in this – it ’s happened to some of the best bloggers out there , like Ryan ’s Smashing Life , and So Much Silence .
Then , an 11 - month - old post from my WordPress site got dinged … ( They ) told me who the DCMA notice was from .
It was from the IFPI … The post was on a band that was independent when I wrote about them , Wild Sweet Orange , and contained only one mp3 , which was hosted by RED … In other words , it was a legal mp3 . "
Anne Pressly Murder Update : Curtis Lavell Vance Arrested ( Mugshot )
A suspect in the October murder of Little Rock news anchor Anne Pressly was taken into custody at 11:00 p.m. on Wednesday night .28 , was reported to be at a home in Little Rock , where a contingent of police officers converged and took the man into custody .
He is being held on a charge of Capital Murder .
Earlier in the evening , officers held a news conference and identified Vance as their suspect .
He was described as 6 ft. , 240 pounds and was reported to be armed with a 9 mm High Point pistol .
The public appeal resulted in a tip that led police to the residence where he was captured , without incident , an hour later .
According to Police Chief Stuart Thomas , they have " a very , very solid case due to solid detective work . "
Police Lt. Terry Hastings remarked about the tip they received , " we went there and he 's in custody . "
A KATV Channel 7 news anchor , Pressly was attacked on October 20 and died of her injuries on October 25 , 2008 .
She was 26 years old .
January 9 , 2009 UPDATE : Curtis Lavell Vance , 28 , was formally charged Thursday with capital murder , rape , residential burglary and theft , according to Prosecutor Larry Jegley .
He is schedule to appear next Thursday , January 15 in Pulaski County Circuit court , where he will enter a plea in the high - profile case .
Check out the rap sheet that led to his capture below .
Click to enlarge .
This is as easy as it comes : you simply halve and hollow out acorn squash , then fill the hollow center with butter , brown sugar , maple syrup , and salt … then you bake it .
The results is a soft , flavorful squash that ’s dripping with all the good things in life .
Preheat oven to 400 degrees .
Halve each squash , then scrape out the seeds and stringy membranes .
Place the halves , flesh side up , on a baking sheet and sprinkle each half with salt .
Next add a generous tablespoon of butter to the center of each squash followed by 2 to 3 heaping tablespoons of brown sugar .
Next drizzle squash with maple syrup .
Pour 2 cups water in the bottom of the baking pan .
Cover with aluminum foil and bake for 30 minutes .
Remove foil and bake an additional 30 - 45 minutes , or until squash is golden brown .
In the last 5 minutes of baking , turn on the broiler and allow tops to get a little more brown and the butter / sugar mixture to bubble .
Serve on a platter and share with Aunt Winifred .
This ingredient shopping module is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content on their web site .
And …the holiday dishes continue here on P - Dub Cooks .
I wanted to begin cooking Thanksgiving food early this year so you ’d have plenty of time to read , examine , and even practice dishes beforehand , if you ’re into that sort of thing .
So far this fall I ’ve added Homemade Pumpkin Puree , Fresh Corn with Wild Rice , Whiskey Glazed Carrots , Creamy Herbed Potatoes , and Pumpkin Cake with Whiskey Whipped Cream to the basic Thanksgiving menu we started last year , and I promise many more holiday - friendly dishes in the coming weeks .
Later this week , I ’ll have some special Halloween treats to share , but for now , let ’s keep going with the Thanksgiving theme .
It just feels right .
Today ’s offering is Baked Acorn Squash , something I ’ve made off and on for years , and something about which I fantasize during the years I do n’t make it .
I ’m a real squash fanatic , whether it ’s pumpkin , butternut , spaghetti , or acorn ( or zucchini or summer squash , for that matter ) so I ’m always looking for great ways to prepare it that ’s a little set apart from the fray .
This is as easy as it comes : you simply halve and hollow out acorn squash , then fill the hollow center with butter , brown sugar , maple syrup , and salt … then you bake it .
The results is a soft , flavorful squash that ’s dripping with all the good things in life .
While some folks might prefer to scrape out the individual halves into a large casserole dish , I prefer to serve them straight out of the oven .
If the squash are large , they might be a little to big for one person .
But if your family is close like mine , they wo n’t be afraid to share .
This is one of those “ fun to make ” dishes , by the way .
So let ’s have some fun together .
K? K. 10 - 4 , good buddy .
The Cast of Characters : Acorn Squash , salt ( kosher works best ) , butter , brown sugar , and maple syrup ( the real stuff ; not Aunt Jemima . )
This is simple stuff , folks .
Really simple stuff .
Meet Acorn Squash .
He ’s a really nice guy .
Meet Pure Maple Syrup .
I can get her at my small - town grocery store .
That means you can get her , too .
Meet Butter .
Butter is your friend .
Do n’t listen to the naysayers .
Okay , so the naysayers have medical degrees and they ’ve held studies .
But still .
Do n’t listen to ’em .
Meet Brown Sugar .
He ’s trouble with a capital “ T ” .
Begin by placing each squash on a large cutting board .
To cut the squash in half lengthwise , very carefully pierce the middle with a sharp knife .
The skin is quite tough , so move slowly so you do n’t slip and cause yourself a trip to the E.R .
Gently push the top of the knife until it penetrates the hard skin .
After that , it ’ll slide right in a lot more easily .
Ever seen the inside of an acorn squash ?
If not , you can now mark that off your list of things to do before you croak .
Next , with a spoon or scoop , just scrape out the seeds and stringy membranes .
It ’s no different from what we did with the pumpkin a couple of weeks ago , or the butternut squash we fixed last year .
Squash are similar that way .
Repeat this until all the halves are hollowed out , man .
Sometimes I just have to throw in a “ man . ”
Makes me feel groovy , far out , and outta sight .
Now , with the tip of a sharp knife , score the surface of the squash .
Just five or six lines will do just fine .
Then sprinkle the surface with salt .
In situations like this , kosher is your friend .
It ’s just easier to sprinkle , harder to oversalt … and it feels good rubbing between your fingers .
I ’m very tactile .
Add a generous tablespoon of regular ( salted ) butter into the hollow .
So basically , 1 1/ 2 tablespoons , except I ’m in denial about my butter use and prefer to say “ generous tablespoon . ”
Someday I hope to write a book about the effectiveness of euphemistic language , and how a healthy sense of denial contributes to an overall increased happiness in life .
It also contributes to an overall increased bottom size , but I wo n’t put that in the book .
Now , dump in a heaping couple of tablespoons of brown sugar .
There ’s no set amount here ; if you like things on the sweet side , add a little more .
Now , just drizzle with maple syrup .
Again , no set amount …
I just drizzle ’til it feels good .
In cooking , it ’s all about feeling good .
Do n’t ever forget that .
Next , pour a couple of cups of water into the pan , just to provide the squash with a little moist heat while they ’re baking .
In baking , it ’s all about moist heat .
Actually , it ’s not all about moist heat .
I just made that up .
Now just cover the pan with foil , leaving some gaps to let some steam escape .
Pop the pan into the oven and bake ’em for 30 minutes .
Then remove the foil and bake for an additional 30 to 40 minutes .
Turn on the broiler for the last five minutes to ensure the tops get brown and the butter / sugar mixture bubbles violently for a minute or so .
But you ’ll have to stand there and babysit !
You do n’t want to char the tops .
In the words of my brother , Mike : “ Oh Lord . ” Would you take a look at THIS ?
Lawsie .
Mmmm .
What you wind up with is a soft , delectable acorn squash filled with a buttery , sugary soup .
It seriously does n’t get much better than this .
Now , with a spoon , scoop up some of the liquid …
And drizzle it all over the surface of the squash .
Oh Lord again .
So how do you eat this , you ask ?
Well , there are two ways .
One , you can scrape out the flesh ( and juice ) of each half and put the whole mixture into a casserole dish .
mashing it up slightly .
Then , just warm it up in the oven when you ’re ready to serve .
OR , you can do what I do and just serve the halves on a platter .
I think they look better that way .
And then …
You just use your spoon to scrape up the soft flesh inside …
And eat it by the spoonful , right along with the decadent liquid that coated it on its way out .
And then , give thanks for squash .
For butter .
For brown sugar .
And for all the other wonderful things of this earth that make life worth living .
Amen .
Love ,
Pioneer Woman
Apollo Group Inc. and the University of Phoenix Online have settled a religious discrimination case for $ 1.89 million .
The defendants were accused of discriminating against non-Mormon employees at the University of Phoenix Online division .
This would be the largest religious - discrimination settlement in the history of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission .
The lawsuit involved 52 former enrollment counselors who alleged that members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints were favored in sales leads , promotions , tuition waivers and more at the for - profit school .
Apollo ’s annual sales exceeded $ 3 billion in its latest fiscal year and agreed to four years of monitoring to ensure compliance .
Apollo ’s longtime chief executive officer , Todd Nelson , was active in the church .
Nelson resigned several months before the EEOC lawsuit was filed and is now CEO of Education Management Corp. , a Pittsburgh company providing career education .
Apollo issued a statement : “ We are dedicated to providing a work environment in which our employees are treated fairly and with respect , and are recognized and rewarded based on their accomplishments . ”
Under Nelson , the company seemed to get into some major legal problems .
A jury convicted the company of securities fraud — but that verdict was overturned in January .
For the full story , click here .
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
Email
When cybercrime crusaders this week persuaded Internet service providers to disconnect a shadowy Web hosting operation called McColo , the impact was dramatic — an instant 40 percent drop in spam and other “ badness ' ” across some e-mail networks , security experts say .
McColo , which operated from servers in San Jose , was alleged to be a conduit for activities that included fraud and child pornography , according to a “ Cyber Crime USA ” report issued Tuesday by an alliance of private - sector Internet security advocates .
But bringing the people behind McColo to justice , these experts say , may prove much more difficult in an age when the technology has outpaced the reach of the law — particularly when the culprits may be crime syndicates in Eastern Europe .
The activities hosted by McColo were disrupted , experts say , but may be quickly revived over the Web .
HostExploit.com , a year - old alliance of Internet security entities that researches cybercrime and promotes self - policing of the Internet industry , singled out McColo as a grievous example of a company that specializes in hosting a wide range of illegal and dubious activities .
Silicon Valley Internet security companies Trend Micro and McAfee contributed to HostExploit ’s report .
McColo ’s
Web site , now apparently shut down , presented itself as a legitimate enterprise .
It claimed offices in Delaware and servers operating in downtown San Jose ’s Market Post Tower .
Such companies as Cisco Systems and Hewlett - Packard were listed among “ our partners . ”
Calls and faxes Wednesday to McColo ’s contact numbers found via the HostExploit report and other sources were not returned .
Hurricane Electric , a Fremont - based Internet service provider ( ISP ) , on Tuesday unplugged McColo ’s service after being shown evidence of its role in dubious and illegal activities by a Washington Post reporter .
The company said it swiftly judged McColo to be in violation of its contract .
“ We definitely do n’t want something like that on our network , ” said Benny Ng , director of infrastructure at Hurricane Electric .
“ I ’d rather have my existing clients happy than have one who is dirtying the water . ”
Another ISP , Global Crossing , disconnected McColo on Wednesday morning .
Following the shutdown , Trend Micro found a 40 percent drop in spam on its filters to corporate clients , said Paul Ferguson , an advanced threats researcher for the Cupertino company .
Enlisting ISPs in the battle against cybercrime has been a goal of HostExploit.com , said Ferguson , who contributed to the HostExploit report .
“ It ’s not a posse .
It ’s a community effort , ” he said .
McColo is among a small group of “ bad actor ” companies that charge high fees and turn a blind eye to illicit activities .
They also facilitate about half the world ’s e-mail spam through robotic software known as “ botnets . ”
Much of the fraudulent activity can be traced to crime syndicates in Eastern Europe , Ferguson said .
Ferguson said he and other security researchers frequently cooperate with the FBI cybercrime squads as well as the Department of Homeland Security .
“ We work closely with law enforcement .
Having said that , there are difficulties in building proper cases and bringing indictments against persons unknown who may be outside the U.S. , ” Ferguson said .
“ There is a point where the community has to take action , instead of waiting for the new sheriff to come in . ”
FBI spokesman Joseph Schadler said the agency does n’t comment on ongoing investigations , but acknowledged difficulties in combatting cybercrime .
“ We are not the first line of defense against this , ” Schadler said .
“ For so many things , your first line of defense is your corporate security .
Resourcewise , we ca n’t be in the business of prevention .
We have to be in the business of prosecution . ”
Contact Scott Duke Harris at sdharris@mercurynews.com or ( 408 ) 920-2704 .
Part 1
While wandering the net one fine evening ( actually on the shitter at work while on my PDA ) I discovered " The Great Scam " .
A story about achievements , greed , deception and a little game called Eve-Online .
In other words a great little story .
This story has nothing to do with me ( wirm ) or any one i know for that matter .
Was just something I found , liked , and figured what the fuck might as well buy a cool domain ( update 4/14/09 shutdown the domain mirror it here now wirm.net / nightfreeze ) and mirror it .
So I did .
I changed nothing cept for adding a " >> Next " to the bottom of the pages to help navigate .
So here it is ..
The Great Scam .
________________________________________________________
This is a story of deception , intrigue , and doublecrossing .
It is a story of liars , bandits , and greed .
It is a story of the worst of the human condition , and how the motive for profit will drive a normally nice guy to the deepest depths of evil and betrayal .
This is the story of my life in Eve Online .
Eve Online is a space - based MMORPG with a level of depth and breadth that blows games like Shadowbane and City of Heroes out of the water .
It is also a beautiful game , with glaring suns , shining stars , and exorbitant ship detail .
Beneath its gilded beauty , though , there lies a poorly designed game which rewards the greedy and violent , and punishes the hardworking and honest ; and if you think about it , that 's a good representation of capitalism .
I first started playing Eve a few weeks before it came out , in April 2003 , and quickly picked up the essentials of the game .
This would prove invaluable later on , since Eve was released with a money - making loophole that gave me the opportunity to make the starting capital I would need to successfully pull off what was probably the biggest scam in the game .
Unfortunately , in order to reach the point where you can revel in a deep and absorbing level of gameplay , you need to have credits .
Lots and lots of credits .
And you could n't easily get credits by killing NPC enemies , or " pirates " as the game designers labeled them , because these pirates would either spawn in huge overpowered groups capable of ganking even the best equipped mid-level ships in under a second , or they would spawn so far apart and drop such shitty loot that the idea of killing them for profit was ridiculous .
Since crafting was never really my style , building ships and then selling them was out of the question .
This left me with two options : I could run trade routes , or I could mine asteroids .
The entire concept of mining in Eve consists of pressing Ctrl +
F , finding an asteroid , then auto piloting your ship over to it and watching little pebbles of rock float into your ship from the asteroid ; you would then wait 5 - 10 minutes for the asteroid to dissolve , and do the same thing , over and over , for hours on end , until your ship was full of space pebbles .
You would then sell these pebbles for approximately the same price that an illiterate slave would have received for an ounce of cotton .
In case you have n't deduced by now , mining in Eve Online is about as fun as fucking a fat chick 's festering corpse .
Running trade routes , unlike mining , actually involved a degree of intelligence and acumen .
The basic premise of a trade route was to bring low priced materials from one sector of the galaxy to another sector where they would sell for a high price .
Buy low , sell high .
With a big ship , the right kinds of goods , and the knowledge of which routes were profitable and which were dry , a person could make tens of millions of credits in a night 's work .
For a short while , I was one of those people .
My first few weeks after the release of Eve were boring ones .
I would log on after school , mine pebbles for hours with my best friend Trazir , and then sell those pebbles to NPC vendors for scant amounts of money .
My labors were not without a goal , however ; after talking to some extremely successful people in the game , and doing research on the various ship types , Trazir and I set a goal for ourselves :
To collectively possess two million credits by the end of our second week .
We would use this money to buy an industrial ship , cargo expanders , and two of the ever - essential micro warp drives , or MWDs .
The industrial ships in Eve , or " indies " , were huge .
They could carry a gargantuan amount of cargo , made even larger by cargo expanders , and were relatively inexpensive to buy .
This big cargo space made it possible to transport ample quantities of goods and make a large profit .
There was just one problem :
Indies were slower than fucking hell when they were n't in warp drive , and therefore they were prone to destruction at the hands of pricks who camped at warp gates and PKed innocent traders .
This was where the MWDs came in ; if you came upon some unsavory characters upon leaving warp drive near the warp gate , you would turn on the MWDs and blast away to safety .
I cannot even begin to recall the number of times that my life was saved thanks to my trusty MWDs .
By this point , I had a pimped out indy with cargo expanders and several MWDs .
The only problem was that I was broke again ; I sure as fuck was n't gonna make much money as a trader if I did n't have any credits to buy trading goods in the first place .
So , I did what any business major would do when looking to start an intergalactic enterprise :
I took out a loan .
Over the course of my short - lived mining career , I met a guy named " HardHead " who frequented the same asteroid field that I did each night .
After a few hours of in - game chatting , I got his ICQ number and talked to him on a semi- regular basis .
His real name was Vinnie , and he was one of those uber - nerds with 4 computers running the same game at once ; he told me about how he set up mining macros on his other 3 computers and made about 250,000 credits of pure profit each night by simply leaving his computers running .
This intrigued me , and he even sent me the program he used called " EZmacro " , but alas , I was far too lazy to ever record a macro and make sure it ran perfectly .
HardHead 's masochism paid off in generous dividends though ; while Trazir and I were dumpster - shit broke , HH had close to 6 million credits .
I told him about my trade route ideas , about how if he invested in me I would make him into a virtual Donald Trump .
I fed him the finest bullshit cuisine on this side of the Atlantic , spooning it down his throat one gentle swallow at a time .
By the end of the night , my credit count read " 3,000,017 " .
I went to sleep contented , fully intending to pay back HardHead 's money with a healthy spattering of interest .
>> Next
The day has finally arrived .
I just finished removing all Google Adsense ads from StevePavlina.com .
This includes the blog , the forums , and all other pages on the site .
Unless I missed something , there should be no more Adsense ads showing anywhere on this website .
For long - term readers , this should n’t come as too much of a surprise .
I mentioned previously that one of my goals was to remove all third - party ads from StevePavlina.com by the end of 2008 .
By “ third - party ” I ’m referring to ads that advertisers have purchased for display on this website , advertisers that I have no direct relationship with and do n’t personally recommend .
I ’ve been making this transition over a period of several months , mainly because I wanted to wait until all my existing ad commitments had expired ( i.e. if someone paid for 3 months of advertising up front ) .
The only ads I sold direct ( as opposed to using an advertising service like Adsense ) were some text link ads , so I stopped accepting new advertisers and then waited for the existing ad terms to run out , declining all renewals after that .
I still have some image ads currently showing in the sidebar , but those are only for products I personally recommend .
I also think they ’re pretty unobtrusive , as none of them are embedded within the content portion of any articles .
I may eliminate those ads too by replacing them with a recommended products page .
How will this affect my income ?
The majority of my income currently comes from joint - venture promotions , which is a profit - splitting arrangement with people whose products I recommend .
Adsense has n’t been my top income generator for more than two years .
However , up until today I was still earning many thousands of dollars a month from Adsense , so this income certainly was n’t negligible .
I could have lived comfortably off nothing but my Adsense income if I wanted to .
By dropping Adsense and text link ads with no immediate replacement , I ’m giving up a good chunk of change .
We ’re talking in excess of $ 100,000 per year just from those two sources .
And this is easy , fairly stable , passive income that goes straight into my bank account month after month .
I was originally planning to wait until closer to the end of the year to make this transition , mainly because I wanted to have a new income source to replace what I was losing .
But then I had one of those “ Ah , screw it ” moments and realized that I was just procrastinating .
I figured that if I dumped all the advertising income , my creativity and inspiration would come up with something new .
Another thing that pushed me over the edge was reading the Courage chapter of my own book .
It became clear to me that the “ path with a heart ” was to drop the advertising income first and then have some fun being in that space of , “ What am I going to do now ? ”
Why did I do this ?
Maybe I ’m doing this just to confuse the Internet marketers who still mistakenly assume I run my business with profit as my primary motive . 🙂
In truth there are a number of reasons I ’m doing this , and they do n’t have much to do with money .
One reason for this change is that generating income from selling advertising just does n’t resonate with me anymore .
I ’m totally bored with it .
I feel a strong desire to drop it and move on to something new .
I also felt that many of the ads being served up were a bit too Cro-Magnon relative to the ideas I ’ve been blogging about .
It seemed rather lame to write an article on Oneness and then see ads for money - making schemes next to it .
Even worse was when fast food ads popped up next to an article about the raw food diet .
I quickly banned the objectionable ads of course , but lately I found myself feeling increasingly disconnected from most of the ads that were being displayed .
I do n’t want to generate income in a manner that makes me feel disconnected .
Sucking the advertising teat has become too easy and comfortable for me .
And being too comfortable makes me uncomfortable .
It makes me restless for new challenges .
I ’m an Aries after all , not a Taurus . 😉
This may sound a bit odd to you , but I think the biggest single factor in making this move was my shift to a 100 % raw vegan diet earlier this year .
Once I went 100 % raw , the subtle signals from my intuition became louder and clearer .
Acting on these intuitive sensations has been causing massive ripples of change throughout all parts of my life .
Dropping advertising from my website is just one of many things I ’m doing to bring my external reality into better alignment with the new person I ’ve become on the inside .
I also think that nuking the advertising from this site improves the quality of the service I can deliver .
The site is now less cluttered and more streamlined , and there are fewer distractions from the content .
That feels good to me .
I ’m not sure if these reasons make much sense to you , but this is the truth .
Any other reasons you project onto this change in direction are likely coming from you , not from me .
What ’s next ?
This might sound a bit crazy , but I just want to enjoy this plunge in income for a while .
I want to fully experience this time of having a site that better represents the real me .
I want to see what new synchronicities flow into my life as a result of this change .
My intuition is just buzzing with the feeling that some amazing new opportunities are coming up ( not necessarily financial ones ) , and I ’m having so much fun listening out for the doorbell .
Sure , I have some ideas for what I might do next .
I shared some of those plans and ideas in previous blog posts .
But for now I want to remain open to what triggers my intuition and inspires my imagination .
Am I worried or stressed about dumping thousands of dollars in easy monthly income ?
Not a bit .
I feel totally at peace with this new direction , even though I can’t quite see where it will lead .
Given the choice between having an extra $ 100 K per year of free money vs. becoming the kind of person who can kill off that much income without fear or worry , I ’m grateful that I can look in the mirror and see a guy that can make the latter choice , simply because he knows he ’s following the path with a heart .
InternetNews.com has learned that on Tuesday November 18 , Ingres will announce its new open source database platform .
The announcement is the first big database focused announcement in nearly two years from Ingres .
Did you even know that Ingres was still around ?
Ingres is a database technology that some might have thought was a relic of the past .
Ingres has a long and storied history dating back to the 1970's at the University of California at Berkeley .
In 1994 , Ingres was bought out by Computer Associates which owned the technology until 2005 when it was spun out and taken private .
During CA 's ownership , Ingres code was open sourced under a CA open license in an effort to help spur adoption . .
At the time , my former colleague Clint Bolton called Ingres CA's , " ... long forgotten database software . "
CA tried valiantly to get interest in Ingres at one point offering a $ 1 million developer program challenge .
In 2006 , under the ownership of Ingres Corp , Ingres released its name sake database under the GPL which was one of their last major database release events .
So the release on Tuesday November 18th will be a big deal for them .
Whether or not it 's a big deal for anyone else is questionable .
In the open source database world I hear and see MySQL and PostgreSQL all the time .
PostgreSQL not coincidentally is a descendant of Ingres .
Also known as Postgres which literally means Post Ingres , PostgreSQL was born in the 80s by programmers at the University of California at Berkeley .
It evolved out of the first Ingres database .
Beyond open source database competition , there is of course Oracle .
While Oracle is not technically an open source vendor , they are open source friendly at this point in time .
Oracle has its own supported Linux and is active in a dozen or more open source efforts .
That said , Ingres claims that they 've got 10,000 customers though which is no small number , so maybe I 've been missing something .
Will the new Ingres database make further inroads into the market ?
Tough call , since switching databases is no easy feat and the competition is so very tough , as is the current macro-economic environment .
Still , it 's interesting to see what many see as a name from the past re-invent itself and continue to evolve in the modern era .
Ihre gebührenfreie fluege.de Mastercard GOLD Die fluege.de Mastercard GOLD Dauerhaft keine Jahresgebühren
Bargeld gebührenfrei abheben
Immer alle fluege .de Gebühren sparen weitere Informationen Ab sofort kein Special von fluege .de mehr verpassen Der fluege .de Newsletter Newsletter individuell zusammenstellen
Sparaktionen exklusiver Airlines sichern
Immer die billigsten Preise im Blick Für den fluege .de Newsletter anmelden Unsere Fluege.de App - jetzt im neuen Design und nutzerfreundlicher denn je !
Mit Rabatt auf Ihre erste App - Buchung !
Immer dabei - weltweit günstige Flugangebote !
Buchen in nur wenigen Schritten - schnell und unkompliziert !
Newsletter - Anmeldung Unser brandneuer Newsletter für Sie! Vielen Dank für Ihre Anmeldung .
Sie erhalten nun eine Bestätigungsmail an Ihre genannte E - Mail - Adresse .
Bitte folgen Sie dem Link in der E - Mail , um Ihre Anmeldung zum Newsletter abzuschließen .
Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten .
● ● ● ● ● ●
Exactly a year ago , the anti-piracy company MediaDefender was put to shame after a hacker gained access to their systems .
Many of the deepest secrets of the company were published online , and now , twelve months on , the company is walking the plank to bankruptcy as its shares are worth less than one cent each .
For years , MediaDefender has been known for their notorious anti-piracy efforts , flooding torrent sites with fake files and decoys .
It was therefore no surprise that the filesharing community was delighted when a hacker gained access to the company ’s servers .
The hacker , a high - school student using the pseudonym Ethan still lived with his parents when he first accessed they company ’s servers by exploiting a weakness in their firewall .
This was at the end of 2006 , at a time when business was still good for MediaDefender , with its revenue standing at nearly $ 16 m .
Soon after that , Ethan got access to the company ’s email , its networked resources and even its telephone system .
Logging in a handful of times each month through the summer of 2007 , he started to get bored with “ Monkey Defenders ” – his pet name for the anti-piracy outfit .
Deciding to go out with a bang , he and the Media Defender - Defenders gathered thousands of the company ’s internal emails and published them on web .
The rest is history .
On September 15 , 2007 the database containing thousands of emails was uploaded to several BitTorrent sites .
In the release note Ethan and friends wrote : “ By releasing these emails we hope to secure the privacy and personal integrity of all peer - to - peer users .
The emails contain information about the various tactics and technical solutions for tracking p2p users , and disrupt p2 p services , ” and “ A special thanks to Jay Mairs , for circumventing their entire email - security by forwarding all your emails to your gmail account . ”
The emails contained a wide range of information including server passwords , social security numbers , spoofing strategies and vacation pictures .
And it did n’t end there .
In the days after the email leak , Ethan and friends released a private telephone conversation between MediaDefender and the New York attorney general ’s office , a P2P tracking database , which was followed up a few days later by all of Media Defender ’s anti-piracy tools .
The effect on the company and its operations was dramatic .
In a SEC filing , the financial damage started to become clear .
As a result of the hacking , by November 2007 MediaDefender had lost nearly $ 1,000,000 , which affected the stock price of parent company ArtistDirect significantly .
Before the email leak , stock was around the $ 2.25 mark .
Three months later stock plummeted to $ 0.63 .
Now , a year after the leak the stock price has hit rock bottom , at less than $ 0.01 per share .
Meanwhile , BitTorrent sites witnessed a decrease in MediaDefender activity following the leak .
The Pirate Bay ’s Peter Sunde , who sued some key players in the entertainment business for using MediaDefender , told TorrentFreak that there has been a significant decrease in activity from BitTorrent spoofers and decoyers .
“ It ’s strange that no one has given much regard to the fact that the way MediaDefender works is probably illegal in most countries .
Even in the US .
I might even say , especially in the US , ” Sunde added .
Decrease in activity or not , this spring the company still managed to make the tech headlines by sabotaging the BitTorrent tracker of the popular Internet TV network Revision3 .
Revision3 lost thousands of dollar in revenue because of the DDoS attack , but decided not to take any legal action .
Meanwhile , the stock price on MediaDefender ’s parent company continued its freefall .
So what does the future hold for MediaDefender ?
Currently , they have decreased their anti-piracy efforts , and started to explore options to use filesharing networks for marketing purposes .
Eric Pulier and Teymour Boutros - Ghali , two former members of ArtistDirect ’s board of directors who resigned last month announced that they were interested in buying MediaDefender , but it ’s not clear what path they intend to take .
Perhaps a more realistic option , is for the company to file for bankruptcy , as The Pirate Bay predicted they would , long before the emails leaked .
X
* Bookperk is a promotional service of HarperCollins Publishers , 195 Broadway , New York , NY 10007 , providing information about the products of HarperCollins and its affiliates .
By submitting your email address , you understand that you will receive email communications from Bookperk and other HarperCollins services .
You may unsubscribe from these email communications at any time .
If you have any questions , please review our privacy policy or email us at [ email protected ] .
Image : AWARE project
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Unmanned helicopters could soon be a key part of emergency relief operations , as well as bringing a new dimension to filmmaking , thanks to some innovative work done by European researchers .
When natural disasters happen one of the first casualties is often the communications network .
As a result , rapid response crews can be working virtually blind , cut off from each other and the victims they are trying to help .
Where there are transport arteries , such as roads , rivers and railways , they are also very often damaged or disrupted , which makes getting medical and relief supplies to survivors extremely difficult .
When such disasters happen in remote areas with little in the way of communications or transport infrastructure to start with , the problem is exacerbated .
A solution for both the communications and delivery of supplies problems is now being researched in an EU - funded project , called AWARE , which comprises academic and commercial partners from five European countries .
Self - deploying sensor network
Project coordinator Prof Anibal Ollero says a key part of the system being developed is a self - deploying sensor network .
“ Most sensor network applications assume there is a communications infrastructure , and so one challenge was to devise a system which can cope when there is no such infrastructure or it has been damaged , ” he says .
Helicopters were chosen as the aerial component of the project because of their manoeuvrability and ability to hover .
This means they can drop sensor nodes off exactly where they are required , automatically calculating where the gaps are and building up a new communications infrastructure .
They are also able to functions as aerial communications relays , and to transmit live photographs of exactly what is happening on the ground .
These images are then processed in real time and the results are combined with information from sensor nodes and ground cameras to create a detailed picture that facilitates detection , localisation and tracking .
Finally , helicopters can also be used to carry loads , such as medical supplies , and deliver them to exact locations .
IT in the driving the seat
Ollero points out the aim of the project was to develop the software , middleware and functionalities of a control system for autonomous unmanned helicopters coupled with a ground wireless sensor network with both fixed nodes and nodes carried by vehicles and people .
“ This is primarily an IT project so we did not concentrate so much on the helicopters ’ airframes as on a scaleable control system which , in the future , could be used on a larger scale , ” he notes .
The actual helicopters used were less than two metres in diameter , but were still able to prove the potential of the system in real - life simulations .
“ The first trial was in March 2007 , and the feedback from this allowed us to complete the system design .
Then in April 2008 , we had another field trial which allowed partial integration of the various sub-systems in the field .
A final , fully integrated demonstration will be held in the spring of 2009 , just before the project ends , ” he says .
The Sixth Framework Programme - funded project has already been able to demonstrate a world first for either manned or unmanned helicopters by having a load too heavy for one helicopter alone carried by three autonomous unmanned helicopters working together .
“ It is very difficult to coordinate the helicopters , so this was a very ambitious objective of the project , ” he says .
Ollero points out it is also important for the bottom line , as the cost of helicopters increases exponentially with the payload capacity and sharing loads means smaller helicopters can be used .
Counter - terrorism applications
Future applications of the system will include continuous outdoor and indoor monitoring and tracking of people by using cameras and communications nodes both on the ground and in unmanned helicopters .
As an example , he says the system can detect a fire , localise it and monitor it .
Fire fighters can be tracked and monitored inside or outside , and local sensors can provide information on factors like temperature and humidity to reinforce the images produced by cameras .
As well as reacting to emergencies and disasters , there are also obvious applications in counter terrorism operations .
Two of the project partners , Flying - Cam SA of Belgium and the Technical University of Berlin , have already made an agreement to commercialise the technology jointly with particular emphasis on developing new products for the film industry , he tells ICT Results .
There is also already a lot of interest in the system from both potential end users , such as fire and police departments , aid agencies and the media , as well as from the commercial organisations which supply equipment and services to them .
“ We have invited all of these organisations to the demonstrations and they will be present at the final demonstration next year , ” says Ollero .
“ Both the people who could use the system we have developed and the companies who can commercialise it and provide it to them are in the loop and interested in carrying on , ” he says .
Provided by ICT Results
MacBook Markerboard
It recently occurred to me that the exterior surface of my MacBook is quite similar to the surface of a markerboard .
Tonight I purchased a package of small dry - erase markers and put the idea to the test .
It works great !
Now I ca n’t wait to bring my notebook computer to a meeting so I can take notes on its lid .
Posted on Thursday , October 30th , 2008 .
Tags : art , macbook .
Paris Bennett Gives Birth to Baby Girl
Former American Idol contestantgave birth to a 5 lb 15 oz baby girl on Monday .
Egypt Bennett was born at 3:36 pm Monday afternoon .
" I 'm so excited to finally see my little angel – and man , does she have lungs on her , " the first - time mom said .
" I guess she 's gearing up to be the next American Idol . "
According to Paris 's mother , Jamecia Bennett , the baby 's father " chooses not to be in the public eye . "
Paris , 20 , finished fifth on American Idol season 5 .
Her new album , " A Royal Christmas " is scheduled for release on October 14 .
C# 4.0 is here - Must - views and must - reads Tuesday , October 28 , 2008 9:25 PM bart
With the PDC 2008 going on , it 's time to start talking about C# 4.0 features .
To summarize this next release of the C# language , it 's most about the marriage between the static and dynamic world views , or in other words how languages that are known to be statically typed can reach out to the world of the DLR and beyond .
But before I start with a blog series on the next version of C# , here are a few pointers to check out :
In the upcoming blog series on C# 4.0 features , I 'll cover :
Co - and contra-variance
Named and optional parameters
" Dynamic " features
Improved COM Interoperability
As usual , I 'll try to find the sweet spot between the use of the various features and how they 're implemented internally ( put on your IL - glasses if you do n't want to get IL - burn ) .
Besides language enhancements , I 'll talk a bit about various library enhancements as well .
IA 3 deck briefs head goes here
The staff at the Billie DeFrank Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender Center in San Jose were n’t exactly happy when they learned just before Election Day that “ Yes on Proposition 8 ” ads were appearing on their Web site .
The source turned out to be a Google program called AdSense , which allows non-profit agencies to get a cut of the revenue when viewers click - through ads on the agency ’s sites .
The program lets advertisers choose keywords to target their ads — and in this case , the automated program may have failed to distinguish between groups that favor gay marriage and those who oppose it .
The DeFrank Webmaster was able to quickly block the Yes on 8 ads , said Aejaie Sellers , executive director of the center .
But the incident left some wondering if the Yes on 8 campaign had selected keywords that would lead to their ads being posted on gay - friendly Web sites , just as a coordinated attack shut down the No on Proposition 8 site Oct. 30 .
Whether the source was a confused algorithm or a campaign dirty trick , Sellers said , “ I think it ’s a good lesson to learn that going forward things like this are going to happen .
Organizations need to be ready for this . ”
Asked about the wayward ads , a spokeswoman for the Mountain View tech titan said : “ Google allows ads that advocate for a particular political position regardless of the views that they represent .
We currently allow ads advocating both for and against Proposition 8 . ”
Prop. 8 , banning gay marriage in California , passed by about 500,000 votes on Tuesday .
IA 3 deck briefs head goes here
More than a year after the San Jose City Council voted to require weekly online posting of calendars for council members , their chiefs of staff and top appointees , many are still routinely unavailable or out of date .
Those calendars are supposed to be updated by noon each Monday and to include the names , titles and affiliations of people the officials had scheduled to meet with .
There ’s also supposed to be a general statement about subjects to be discussed , according to a policy the council adopted unanimously in August 2007 .
The Mercury News in January reported that several calendars were out of date or lacking in required detail , problems city officials attributed then to a combination of technical glitches , user error and lack of clarity about the requirements .
But routine checks in recent weeks indicated problems still persist .
In late October , calendars for two council members and six chiefs of staff were more than two weeks out of date , while a glitch blocked access to Mayor Chuck Reed ’s calendar page .
Last week , a technical glitch blocked access to Councilman Sam Liccardo ’s calendar page , and the calendars of six council chiefs - of - staff were more than two weeks outdated .
It was unclear , however , whether the problems stemmed from software problems , user error or just plain laziness .
For example , Anthony Drummond , chief of staff to Councilman Forrest Williams , said that when he called up his calendar page in his office , it was current through Oct. 29 , even though IA and others could find no online entries for him past September .
City spokesman Tom Manheim said “ there could be some problems we have to look into . ”
IA 3 deck briefs head goes here
If anyone should feel vindicated by the alcohol content in Gov. Arnold ’s Schwarzenegger ’s latest budget proposal , it ’s Assemblyman Jim Beall , D - San Jose .
Beall earlier this year suggested fixing the state ’s budget mess by boosting a tax on something many Californians believe should be un-taxable — beer .
He proposed a levy of 2 - cents to 17 - cents per 12 ounce container of brew to help defray the costs of alcohol - related law enforcement .
( An idea IA imagines San Jose cops would appreciate . )
Well , the alcohol industry fought Beall ’s proposal , which then stumbled in the Legislature .
But seven months later , Conan the Republican proposed his own tax : 5 - cents on every alcoholic drink .
Beall ca n’t wait to see how the booze makers are going to react to the governor ’s proposal .
“ They used to consider me their No. 1 enemy , ” Beall said .
“ Now they might consider the governor their No. 1 enemy . ”
The King of Beers is up for the challenge .
In an e-mail to IA , Anheuser - Busch Inc. stated that drinkers “ do n’t deserve to be singled out to pay higher taxes to offset the state budget deficit or fund additional programs , however worthy they may be . ”
Bet a lot of Californians would drink to that .
Internal Affairs is compiled by Mercury News staff .
This week ’s items were written by Denis C. Theriault , Mike Swift , John Woolfolk and Edwin Garcia .
Send tips to internalaffairs@mercurynews.com , or call ( 408 ) 271-3638 .
November 4 , 2008 , election day in the United States .
As votes are cast right across America to determine who will become the 44th president , we take a look at where the sympathies of some of the key anti-piracy and filesharing figures lie , with a particular interest in RIAA CEO Mitch Bainwol , who is a keen John McCain supporter .
Bainwol ’s support for McCain does n’t come as a surprise when you look at his career history .
For more than a decade he worked for the Republican Party , putting his lobbyist skills to work .
In 1987 , Bainwol was the campaign manager of Republican Connie Mack ’s successful senator campaign .
That was only the start of his Republican career .
A year later , Bainwol was appointed Chief of Staff to Mary Bono , who was one of the biggest supporters of the ( Sonny Bono ) Copyright Term Extension Act.
Mary Bono later married the son of Connie Mack .
Both are still are active Republicans , and received generous donations from Bainwol recently .
They were not the only ones Bainwol donated to .
OpenSecrets reveals that he has also supported John McCain to the tune of $ 2300 , the maximum amount he is allowed to donate .
MPAA CEO Dan Glickman , on the other hand , has more sympathy for the Democrats , as he donated $ 5000 to the Democratic Congressional Campaign .
While the RIAA CEO is supporting McCain , most people from P2P companies support the Democratic candidate , Barrrack Obama .
As P2P - blog points out , Limewire , Joost and Pando employees donated generously to Obama , and so did BitTorrent inventor Bram Cohen .
This makes sense , as Obama seems to have the most reasonable ideas when it comes to copyright , privacy and net - neutrality .
Earlier this year the US Pirate Party endorsed Obama .
Andrew Norton , a spokesperson for the US Pirate Party told TorrentFreak at the time : “ We stand solidly behind Mr. Obama , as he is the only candidate that seems to realize that personal privacy is a right , not a privilege , and believes that copyright is , as the constitution defines , for progress , rather than profit . ”
New York , New York Oct 30 , 2008 My Killer Apartment
Stories of slammed doors and sad spirits aside , the man who committed suicide in your apartment probably is n’t there anymore .
Probably .
The broker did n’t have to tell us , but he did .
“ The last tenant killed himself , ” he said as he drove me and my boyfriend to see a one - bedroom rental in Windsor Terrace , Brooklyn .
“ Oh , ” I said .
“ In the apartment ? ”
“ In the apartment . ”
I turned to Joel and we both raised our eyebrows , then shrugged .
Kind of creepy , but after nearly a month of looking at tiny apartments in questionable neighborhoods , nixing a well - priced place just off the park because of something that had nothing to do with us seemed silly .
“ Let ’s just see it and see what we think , ” I said .
I was hoping I would n’t like the place , but I did .
We both did .
It was flooded with light , had high ceilings , wood floors , and a remarkably spacious floor plan .
The bathroom and kitchen had been gutted , meaning that we ’d move into a place with brand - new appliances and fixtures — unheard of for just $ 1,250 a month .
After giving the broker a cash deposit , Joel and I went out for brunch to celebrate .
“ To our ‘ killer ’ apartment , ” he said , as we raised our mimosas .
As the move - in date got closer , I started to get nervous .
I ’ve never seen or even sensed a ghost , but I suspect they probably exist .
It occurred to me that we were walking into a horror film plot : young couple thinks they ’ve found the perfect apartment , only to find the place haunted by an angry ex-tenant who makes blood pour from the taps and ghoulish images appear in the mirrors .
I started grilling Joel about his late hours .
One night , about a week before the move , I broke down while talking about whether he’d be home for dinner most nights .
“ I do n’t understand , ” he said .
“ You ’ve never had a problem with my schedule before . ”
“ I ’m afraid of the apartment , okay ?
I do n’t want to go to sleep alone in there . ”
When I went to sign the lease , I learned a little more .
The gaunt Hassidic landlord shook his head as he remembered .
“ He was very sick , ” he said .
“ He stopped taking his medication .
His family was devastated . ”
We moved in the day after Halloween , which seemed both appropriate and portentous .
As I unpacked , I found myself looking around wondering , where did he do it ?
And , of course , how did he do it ?
We ’d decided not to ask the broker or super for details , but I could n’t help wondering .
I peered at corners looking for blood splatter .
I examined the shower rod for signs someone had hung a noose on it .
I picked at the grout around the bathroom , imagining maybe he ’d slit his wrist in the tub and the red water had stained the tiles .
One morning , a few weeks after we moved in , two women standing outside the building stopped me as I was leaving .
“ Did you just move in ? ” said one , sucking on a cigarette .
“ Yeah , ” I said .
“ I ’m in D20 . ”
“ Is that John ’s old apartment ? ” said the other .
“ No , ” said the smoker , lowering her voice .
“ That ’s where David lived . ”
“ Oh ! ” said the older woman .
They both looked at me silently until I finally said goodbye .
“ Well , ” she said , “ they did a good job cleaning up . ”
At night , I listened for noises .
I watched my cat ; if anyone could sense a spirit , I reasoned , it would be her .
Every time she pulled her ears back and crouched in pre-pounce I looked where she was looking , and saw nothing .
After a couple of weeks , the couple next door introduced themselves .
“ So , did you know the guy who used to live here ? ” I asked .
Valerie nodded .
“ He was really nice .
He was a teacher . ”
I told her I did n’t think I wanted to know too much about how he died .
“ It was pretty bad , ” she said .
“ We were here for all of it . ”
She peered in and looked up and down the hallway .
“ Well , ” she said , “ they did a good job cleaning up . ”
Valerie told me a different story than the landlord had .
She said David had been married with children , living a traditional orthodox Jewish existence in nearby Kensington , but there had been a problem :
He was gay .
“ His family abandoned him , ” she told me .
“ He was n’t sick .
He was just sad . ”
In early December , I got a letter addressed to him .
It was postmarked from Spain , and was obviously personal correspondence , probably from a woman , judging by the handwriting .
I told Valerie and she suggested I give it to Margaret , who I ’d since learned was the smoking woman I met outside .
Apparently , Margaret was perhaps his only friend .
Valerie said that it was she , not his family , who cleaned out his apartment .
When I saw Margaret the next day in the lobby , I showed her the letter .
“ He had a friend in Spain , ” said Margaret .
“ I do n’t think she knows . ”
I was curious what his friend had to say , of course , but decided quickly that to open it would be a violation of his privacy .
I put the letter aside ; maybe I ’d contact his family , give it to them .
Maybe getting his mail would soften their hearts .
But I knew that such an adventure would be , on my part , more selfish than not .
I was thinking like a writer : thrilled at the opportunity to see into another world .
A few weeks later , another piece of mail came .
This time it was not a letter , but a postcard advertising a performance by Dixon Place , an experimental theater company on the Lower East Side .
The postcard had a black - and - white photo of a man wearing lipstick and smoking a cigarette .
A few weeks after that , David got something official from the Teacher ’s Retirement System of the City of New York .
From these pieces of mail I began to form opinions about him .
Or rather , not opinions , but a portrait .
I saw him before a classroom of students who call him “ weird ” after class .
I saw him attending oddball performances in black - box theaters , reaching out to the gay arts community , but coming home , each night , alone .
More postcards , one from an optometrist reminding him to have his eyes checked , and another , a calendar of “ Support Groups , Special Events and Blood Drives ” from New York Methodist , made me think about his health .
I pictured him walking through the revolving glass entrance door to the hospital at the corner of 7th Avenue and 6th Street in Park Slope , scanning the first floor directory for “ Mental Health , ” flipping through old Newsweeks in the waiting room .
One night I googled “ someone committed suicide in my apartment . ”
Hit number four was a something about feng shui .
I clicked , and scrolled through , reading that “ the spirits of those who commit suicide are often angry and territorial . ”
Apparently , if I did n’t perform an exorcism , I ’d never find “ true peace . ”
Sometime in the spring , Margaret stopped me as I was leaving the building .
In the months since we moved in , I learned a little more about Margaret .
She ’s probably in her forties but looks over fifty .
She lives on the first floor and fancies herself a kind of building den mother .
There is a broken washing machine on her landing and she paces the lobby smoking cigarettes day and night .
She is married to a black man with waist - length dreadlocks , and has at least one child , a dumpy , but polite pre-teen son who wears ill - fitting glasses .
We keep our distance , for the most part ; she has , on occasion , asked me for money .
Judging by her social skills and apparent insomnia , I get the sense that she may be battling her own mental illness , which would explain her bond with David .
“ So , how ’s that apartment ? ” she asked .
“ Great , ” I said .
She lowered her voice .
“ Let me ask you something .
Do you think it ’s haunted ? ”
I feel as if I ’ve come to an understanding with David , an understanding that can perhaps be best described as respect .
I paused before answering , surprised , and somehow pleased that she ’d broached the subject .
Joel takes a don’t - ask - don ’t - tell attitude toward David .
He figures that if we have n’t seen anything to indicate paranormal activity , why even consider it ?
His response is rational , but I ’ve always had a tendency toward magical thinking , and David ’s presence seems so utterly possible that it ’s pointless for me to pretend I could put it out of my mind .
Still , after six months in the apartment , though I ’ve lay in bed at night listening for a telltale heart ( or footstep or moan ) , I ’ve sensed absolutely nothing .
“ No , ” I finally answered , “ but if it is , I think maybe it ’s a friendly ghost . ”
She smiled , a genuine grin I ’d never before seen on her usually drawn face .
“ I think so , too .
I said that .
I said it must be a nice ghost .
Because he was such a nice man .
I was in there , afterward , cleaning out his things , and I was in the living room and all of a sudden the bedroom door slammed shut .
I said , ‘ David , if you ’re trying to say something to me , just say it . ’
But then nothing happened . ”
She said that near the end , when he was having trouble with his medication , he ’d asked her to take his mezuzah .
He did n’t want it anymore .
“ Do you want it ? ” she asked .
I said yes , but did n’t mention it again .
Neither did she .
A few weeks ago , we had friends over for dinner , and Valerie and her husband stopped by .
We talked about our rent — they were in the process of moving to Manhattan — and I remarked that Joel and I pay $ 50 less a month than they do .
We looked at each other knowingly .
“ Fifty bucks , ” she said .
“ For … ”
“ What ? ” asked Anna , who does n’t know about David .
“ For … ” I did n’t know how to put it .
I ’ve told quite a few people , and I usually get a little thrill at the shock ( or fear , or revulsion , or fascination ) they display in response .
But this is different .
We are inside the apartment .
David ’s apartment .
“ Our apartment has a bit of history , ” I said .
“ The man who lived here before us killed himself . ”
Anna ’s eyes widened .
“ In the apartment ? ”
I nodded , and she started asking for details .
“ Oh , we were here , ” said Valerie .
She ’d had a couple glasses of wine and let words tumble out with less caution than she might otherwise have .
“ We smelled him .
It was like a month after we moved in .
The people downstairs , their ceiling started rotting .
He ’d been there two weeks … ”
“ Whoa , ” I said , my voice a few decibels louder than it needed to be .
“ You can stop there . ” I gesture widely at the room .
“ In this apartment , we respect the memory of the former tenant . ”
Valerie and Anna looked both puzzled and disappointed .
I ’d considered asking Valerie about the details myself , thinking it was an itch I ’d eventually have to scratch , but I ’d recently come to the decision that I did n’t need to know .
I tend to ruminate , and I know myself well enough to know that I ’d never be able to get the image of his death out of my head ; I ’d walk through the place differently , scurrying past — or , who knows , perhaps lingering at “ the spot . ”
But it ’s more than that .
After nearly a year , walking over the same floor , standing in his tub , slipping his mail into a folder , and joking that my cat had befriended his spirit , I feel as if I ’ve come to an understanding with David , an understanding that can perhaps be best described as respect .
There has been great sadness in this apartment , and though I like to think that Joel and I have brought a measure of joy to the space , the fact of his suicide is a delicate , inescapable reality .
I ’d never felt particularly uneasy in the apartment , but in that moment when Valerie began to gossip about the messy aftermath of his death , I suddenly felt frightened .
It was one thing to chat casually about our “ killer ” apartment with friends in a bar , but turning him into a spooky parlor trick in the very rooms where he drew his last breath seemed blasphemous .
“ I still get his mail , ” I say , trying to steer the subject away from the physical .
“ Really ? ” asks Anna .
“ What do you do with it ? ”
“ I ’m keeping it . ”
“ Do you open it ? ” asks Valerie .
“ No , I just keep it .
I used to think I might try to find his family .
Give it to them in person . ”
“ I ’d open it , ” says Valerie .
Anna agrees .
“ No way , ” I say , thinking that if he keeps my apartment unhaunted , I can certainly keep his mail unopened .
Nov. 27 ( Bloomberg ) — General Motors Corp. , criticized by U.S. lawmakers for its use of corporate jets , asked aviation regulators to block the public ’s ability to track a plane it uses .
“ We availed ourselves of the option as others do to have the aircraft removed ” from a Federal Aviation Administration tracking service , a GM spokesman , Greg Martin , said yesterday in an interview .
He declined to discuss why GM made the request .
That was clear when the Treasury Department decided to depart from its own initial bailout plan  the one approved by Congress earlier this month  and invest up to $ 250 billion directly in the nation ’s banks .
The nuts and bolts of that approach had been laid out days earlier by European leaders as they tried to save their own financial system .
And that outcome left Gordon Brown , the British prime minister , and Nicolas Sarkozy , the French president , in something of a commanding position to claim the title of wise men .
They are now speaking of creating a Bretton Woods agreement for the 21st century , while the leaders of the country that fathered the postwar financial system worked out at Bretton Woods , N.H. , prefer to stay away from such big - picture talk .
Mr. Sarkozy , who was to meet this weekend with President Bush at Camp David , told European leaders who gathered in Paris recently that he hoped “ literally to rebuild the foundations of the financial systems . ”
C. Fred Bergsten , director of the Peterson Institute for International Economics in Washington , a centrist economic policy center , summed up the week this way : “ When it came to crisis - response mode , the Europeans , especially the British , did take the lead and the U.S. changed course . ”
And the markets seemed to respond accordingly .
When stock exchanges around the world bounced back last week from the rout earlier in the month , European shares were big winners .
They ended the week up 8.2 percent , compared with a 4.5 percent gain for Wall Street .
Many Europeans can’t resist crowing .
“ European capitalism is better suited to meet the challenges of the current financial crisis , ” Trouw , a Dutch newspaper , declared recently .
GUY STACKING & BALANCING 20 BRICKS ON HIS HEAD , LOOKS LIKE IN INDIA !
The birth of Rekha 's second daughter should have been one of the happiest days of her life .
Instead , she lay on the bed of her home on the outskirts of Delhi , the newborn child on the floor , screaming in terror as her mother - in - law poured paraffin over her .
This was her punishment , the older woman said , preparing to strike a match : Rekha had failed again to deliver a son and it would be better for everyone if she were dead .
Suddenly the door burst open and her neighbours rushed in , roused by the frantic screaming .
They bundled Rekha and her daughter out of the house , never to return .
In a country where boys remain prized and having a daughter is considered by many to be a curse , they were lucky .
Many are not so fortunate .
India has banned pre-natal scanning to determine the sex of a baby and made aborting a child as a result of such a scan punishable with five years in prison .
Poster campaigns urge Indians to ' save the girl child ' .
Yet the latest birth figures tell a story .
In the state of Punjab , only 798 girls were born for every 1,000 boys .
Haryana was next up the list with 819 , followed by Chandigarh with 845 and Delhi , the national capital , came in fourth with 868 .
The Delhi - based Centre for Social Research , which recently surveyed the worst - affected parts of Delhi , estimates that 10 million girls have been lost to female foeticide in India over the past 20 years .
Most alarming for those monitoring the figures is the fact that the gap appears to be widening .
Today the national average for births is 933 girls to 1,000 boys ; in 1991 it was 945 .
' The low numbers in a state like Delhi tells us the enormity of the situation , ' said Anju Dubey Panbey , of the Centre for Social Research .
' In India today , if you are blessed with a son you are almost revered , and if you are the mother of daughters you are made to feel guilty and your status in your family goes down .
It is very , very disturbing .'
Despite every effort to change perceptions , she said , many Indians simply do not want daughters , who are still seen as a financial burden because of the matrimonial dowry demanded by a groom 's family .
' People do n't want girls , because they have to worry about their safety and security and they have to pay to get them married off .
People say bringing up a daughter is like watering a neighbour 's plant , ' she said .
The answer , for many , is to turn to the ultrasound clinics which display large notices warning that they are prohibited by law from carrying out scans to determine the sex of a baby - but which will do it if the price is right .
The Observer spoke to a number of medical practitioners and women who had attended such clinics .
They revealed that one common trick involves using the form which the law requires to be signed to affirm that no sex determination has taken place .
If the scan shows the foetus is male , the form will be signed in blue ; if it is a girl the signature will be in red .
Other clinics hand the family a blue sweet for a boy , a pink one for a girl .
They can then arrange a quick abortion .
A scan costs about 2,000 rupees ( £ 30 ) .
Those who cannot afford those prices turn to the unqualified midwives who proliferate in the poorer areas and who rely on less scientific methods .
Some use crystals , others claim to be able to discern the sex from the way the baby is lying in the womb : a boy if the left side of the stomach is larger , a girl for the right .
There are plenty of such midwives in the industrial squalor of Bawana in Haryana state , on the north - western fringes of Delhi .
Most of the residents were resettled there five years ago after being forced out of an illegal slum in the capital ; many still spend a significant proportion of their income travelling back into Delhi every day to work as domestic staff .
The area is pitifully poor and few feel they can afford the luxury of daughters .
It is easier to pay the 500 rupees the midwives demand for a makeshift abortion .
This is where Rekha still lives .
Dressed in a cheap blue - and - white sari , she sits nursing the one son she managed to bear before she was driven out .
She talks about the beatings , how her mother - in - law asked her to kill her first daughter after she was born .
' They used to say they would throw me out and get another girl who could have more sons , ' she said .
Her story is extreme , but the pressure placed on her is not unusual .
Munni , a neighbour in her early thirties , said she had already had one daughter and two sons when she found out she was pregnant a month ago .
She and her husband , an electrician , could not afford a daughter , she said .
' I was afraid that it would be a girl child .
I went for a lab test and they were asking 5,000 rupees , and I could not afford that , but the doctors said it looked as if I was carrying a girl , so I had an abortion .
I went to one of the clinics near here to have it done .
For any mother a daughter is not a burden , but for the family it is , ' she said .
Another neighbour , Sheila Devi , said she was also worried after her first daughter was born .
When she became pregnant again , she paid for a scan and was told that she was carrying a girl , so she went to a clinic a little way away and had an abortion .
She now has three daughters , the youngest three months old , and one son .
' We wanted a boy , which is why we kept trying , but we ended up with three girls , ' she said .
' My in - laws were creating a lot of problems because I had so many girls .
They said it is my fault because I 'm the one having girls all the time . '
With demand apparently rising , those clinics prepared to flout the law are doing brisk business .
The Centre for Social Research study found that more than 400 breaches of India 's Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques
Act had been reported , and a maximum fine of 40,000 rupees did not appear to be proving much of a deterrent .
The Observer visited a number in the Burari area of Delhi which are facing prosecution .
The area is littered with small clinics offering scans .
The Nanak Hospital displays a board outside warning that sex selection is prohibited , but the man who runs it , Dr Harkiran Singh , is facing prosecution for carrying out an illegal abortion .
The hospital is a grubby building by the side of the road , with a reception area crammed with women and children .
In his tiny consulting room , Singh insisted he was resolutely opposed to sex selection - ' for me it is a strict no , it should n't even be in your mind ' - but was unable to explain why he had been arrested and bailed .
' I think it was bad luck , ' he said .
But he had heard of other clinics that were doing it .
' Whoever is desperate will go from pillar to post to find it and there may be places that will do it , ' he said .
' My friends say that they are getting these inquiries .
In the cities it is more difficult , but elsewhere it is not so hard to find . '
It is not just the backstreet clinics that stand accused .
The large and modern Jaipur Golden Hospital in Rohini , Delhi , has been named in a case brought by a paediatrician , Dr Mitu Khurana , who claims she was taken there by her in - laws and scanned against her will .
Once they discovered she was carrying a girl , they tried to make her have an abortion .
She has lodged an action against her husband , his family and the hospital .
Dr Ashish Chandra , a senior administrator at the hospital , admitted that the hospital had destroyed the paperwork relating to the case but denied any wrongdoing .
Instead he complained that the authorities were going after the wrong people .
' The law is well - intentioned , but the problem is in the implementation .
The big hospitals like this follow the rules scrupulously , but what about the outside areas , where there is no regulation ?
There is an unregulated market , ' he said .
' The authorities should be following up the people who are doing the ultrasounds , the one - man bands , because it is easier for them to do it . '
Earlier this year , India 's Prime Minister , Manmohan Singh , condemned female foeticide as ' inhuman , uncivilised and reprehensible ' .
Yet the sheer scale of the problem appears to be thwarting the government 's stated intention to tackle it .
The High Court in Delhi recently took Google and other internet firms to task for running ads for sex selective abortion .
But no sooner does one door shut than another one opens .
Before scans were widely available , unwanted girls tended to be killed shortly after birth .
With the arrival of scans , the focus switched to abortions .
Now those with enough money can go one step further by using IVF treatment to ensure that they get a male child .
Fertility expert Dr Shivani Sachdev Gour , of Delhi's Phoenix Hospital , said she was regularly approached by wealthy families who offered 500,000 rupees or more to ensure that their next child was a boy .
' They put tremendous pressure on you for sex selection for embryos .
They want you to implant a male child .
It is illegal to select embryos on the basis of sex , but they are determined to get it done and money is not a problem for them .
People are blatant .
I tell them it is illegal , but they say [ they ] know that .'
She said that although her own hospital rejected such approaches others did not .
' I know there are clinics in Delhi that do this .
I know of a few places where the charges are five or 10 times what a normal scan would cost , but still people are doing it and there is a market for it .
I just do n't know what to say about my doctor colleagues who are doing it .
I just do n't know what to say . '
' He threw me out to remarry someone who can give him a son '
The pregnant mother forced to flee her husband
Dr Mitu Khurana , 32 , had been married only two months when she became pregnant with twins in January 2005 .
It was the start of a nightmare that has seen her become the first woman in Delhi to start legal proceedings against her husband for trying to force her to abort their babies .
Dr Khurana says her husband , Dr Kamal Khurana , and his family were determined that she should not give birth to girls .
She said that when she was admitted to the Jaipur Golden Hospital in Rohini on an unrelated matter , her husband and mother - in - law persuaded the staff to carry out an ultrasound scan to determine the sex of the babies .
' They did n't say anything to me , but afterwards it was clear that my husband and my in - laws knew that I was carrying girls , ' she said .
' After that , they began badgering me to have at least one of them killed .
They told me we could not bring up two girls , we would not be able to afford to get them married . '
Her husband maintained that as a priest had told him he would only father one son , the girls could not be his .
He demanded a DNA test .
Dr Khurana gave birth to the girls , Guddu and Pari , two months prematurely on 11 August , 2005 .
She maintained that , when one of the girls was four months old , her mother - in - law tried to push the child down the stairs .
Faced with open hostility from her husband and his family , she eventually left her husband in March .
' He threw me out of the house because he wants to remarry someone who can give him a son , ' she said .
She has filed a complaint , which is being investigated under India 's Pre-Conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques Act .
But she said she had struggled to have her allegations taken seriously .
' Even as an educated woman I am pushed around , ' she said .
' But my daughters are now my biggest source of happiness , and I am proud that I have saved them . '
She already had two girls - then a third pregnancy led to tragedy
The mother who died after forced abortion
Nirmala Devi had given birth to two daughters when she became pregnant again this year .
She died on 21 October after undergoing an abortion , allegedly forced on her by her husband and his family .
According to a report filed to the police by her brother , Surender Singh , Nirmala had been under pressure for some time to produce a male child .
Singh told the police that her husband , Prem Singh , and his family had regularly beaten her since their wedding in 2003 .
When they discovered she was pregnant again , they forced her to undergo an ultrasound test at a clinic in Noida , in the state of Uttar Pradesh , to determine the sex of the three - month - old foetus .
The test apparently revealed that the child was a girl and she was taken to a hospital where an abortion was carried out .
She failed to regain consciousness and died later at her home , where she had been taken by her husband .
Police have registered a case for murder and placing a woman under pressure to abort a female foetus .
A police spokesman said they were investigating claims that she had been harassed to the point where ' she succumbed to their torture and died ' .
Prem Singh , his mother Govindi Devi , father Dugar Singh and sister Bhagwati Devi have all been arrested in connection with the allegations .
Prem Singh claims that she demanded an abortion and that she underwent the procedure voluntarily .
' My husband beat me a lot and my mother - in - law tortured me
Teenage mother of two daughters tortured by in - laws
Rekha was eight when she was married .
Now 18 , her first daughter was born when she was just 13 .
She now lives with her mother in Bawana , an industrial area in Haryana state on the north - western edge of Delhi .
Although she also bore her husband one son , it was not enough for him or his family .
They were angry that she was burdening them with the two daughters she gave birth to .
' It started when my first daughter was born , ' she said .
' My husband beat me a lot and my mother - in - law tortured me . '
They would hit me with sticks and anything they could get their hands on .
' When I had my first girl my mother - in - law wanted me to kill her once she was born .
When the second girl was born , the day she was born , my mother - in - law was asking me to leave the house and I would not leave .
She came into the room I was in .
I was on the bed .
She poured [ paraffin ] on me and she had matches and she was threatening to light it .
The baby was sleeping on the floor when she did this .
' I started screaming and crying and the neighbours ran in and they said to me that it was better that I leave the house because I would be killed if I stayed .
My mother - in - law just said it would be better if I were dead . '
She left the house that day and has not been back there since .
“ It ’s a very personal way to curry favor with powerful lawmakers , ” said Keith Ashdown , the chief investigator for Taxpayers for Common Sense , a watchdog group .
“ It ’s also a lobbying tactic that is not completely understood or even known by the public . ”
Several of the defense contractors who contributed to the Johnstown Symphony Orchestra said that they had business ties to Western Pennsylvania and wanted to support community programs there .
“ Boeing has always had a strong commitment to the endowment of the arts , both in our nation ’s capital and throughout the country , ” said Douglas J. Kennett , a spokesman for Boeing .
The disclosure requirement was part of a sweeping ethics rules change adopted by Congress in 2007 , after revelations that the House majority leader , Tom DeLay , Republican of Texas , had collected millions of dollars from companies including Exxon and SBC Communications Inc. for his charity for foster children , the DeLay Foundation for Kids , as he ascended the ranks in Congress .
Under the law , any time a company or registered lobbyist donates to a charity in honor of a member of Congress , it must be disclosed .
There is no limit on how much they can give .
The practice of such unregulated contributions continues to stir controversy .
The House ethics committee is currently investigating whether Representative Charles B. Rangel violated any rules by using Congressional stationery when he solicited some $ 12 million from corporations and foundations for the Charles B. Rangel Center for Public Service at the City College of New York .
Mr. Rangel , a New York Democrat , has said he did not seek funds from anyone with business before his committee and merely encouraged potential donors to meet with City College officials .
Critics say that the donations not only allow the givers to build connections to lawmakers , they also create another pool of money for incumbent politicians to dole out and raise their standing among constituents .
Many of the charities controlled by members of Congress hand out smaller grants to community groups and local projects .
In 2005 , Representative Joe Barton , a Texas Republican , established the Joe Barton Family Foundation to support charitable organizations within his district , south of the Dallas - Fort Worth area .
The foundation employs Amy Barton , the congressman ’s daughter - in - law , as its executive director .
Mr. Barton is no ordinary lawmaker .
He has served nearly 25 years in the House and remains one of the most influential members of the Committee on Energy and Commerce .
5:30 pm
Physicians for a National Health Program
Doctors to Candidates : Enact Single - Payer Health Reform
4:57 pm
Union of Concerned Scientists ( UCS )
USDA 's New Biotechnology Regulations Could Allow Drugs in Food , Science Group Says
4:25 pm
International Fund for Animal Welfare ( IFAW )
Penguins Flown South for Record - Breaking Release to the Wild in Brazil
4:00 pm
Earthjustice
Environmentalists Score Phosphate Mine Victory
3:59 pm
Brennan Center for Justice
Montana Registration Challenges Are Error - Prone and Inconsistent With State and Federal Law
3:05 pm
Doctors Without Borders ( MSF )
International Community Failing Civilians in North Kivu , Congo
3:03 pm
Congressman Dennis Kucinich
Market Falls Again
3:00 pm
Institute for Public Accuracy ( IPA )
Youth ' Apathy ' and Access to the Political Process
2:44 pm
Human Rights Watch ( HRW )
Kyrgyzstan : Protect Lesbians and Transgender Men From Abuse
Adil Najam
I , too , am a Mumbaikar today .
I wish I could reach out and for just one moment hold the hands of the woman in this AP photograph .
Maybe shed some tears on her shoulder .
But I do not know what I would say to her .
I do not think she would want me to say much .
The expression on her face matches the feeling I have at the pit of my stomach and in the depth of my heart .
I think – I hope – that she would understand how I feel .
I can only imagine what she is going through .
And so , in prayer and in solidarity , I stand today with Mumbaikars everywhere .
In shock at what has happened .
In fear of what might happen yet .
In anger at those who would be so calculated in their inhuman massacre .
In sympathy with those whose pain so hurts my own heart but whose tears I cannot touch , whose wounds I cannot heal , and whose grief I cannot relieve .
The solidarity I feel with Mumbaikars is deep and personal .
The first time I ever visited the Taj Mahal Hotel was with my wife .
We had been married just weeks and were not staying at the Taj but went to the historic “ Sea Lounge ” at the hotel for tea and snacks during a short visit to Mumbai .
We went to the Oberoi Hotel the same visit in the naive and mistaken belief that we would find Bollywood bigwigs hanging out there .
In later years I would come back and stay at the old wing of the Taj – down the corridor from where Ruttie Bai Jinnah and stayed – I would even present in the grand ballroom whose pillars , supposedly , had been brought from her father ’s estate .
Each time I passed through Victoria Terminus I stood in awe of the pace as well as its presence .
In awe of the architectural structure , but also of the sea of humanity around me .
I cannot hear of terrorists attacking these places without my own muscles twitching in anger .
But my feeling of solidarity with Mumbaikars is much much more personal than these few fleeting visits over many years .
Deeply etched into me are the horrific echoes of 9/11 in New York and the string of terrorist attacks on Islamabad , Karachi , Lahore , Quetta , Peshawar and all over Pakistan whose reports have become all too familiar – but never bearable – on this blog .
I know what living with terror feels like .
I have thought too much and too deeply about what it feels like to be the target of violence propelled by hatred .
I know the pain of helplessness one feels as one stands stunned in grief , wanting so desperately to do something – anything – but not knowing what to do .
This is why I identify with the expression on the face of the woman in this picture .
This is why , like so many others in the world , today I too am a Mumbaikar .
This is why I stand with Mumbaikars everywhere , in prayer and in solidarity .
At a loss for words but with an urge to speak out .
My words of condemnation will not change the actions of those who have committed such heinous murder and mayhem .
Nor will my words of sympathy diminish the agony of the victims .
But speak out I must .
In condemnation as well as in sympathy .
To speak against the inhumanity of hatred and violence .
To speak for the humanity in all of us that we all must hold on to ; especially in the testing moments of grave stress .
But , today , I have no words of analysis .
What words can make sense of the patently senseless ?
I do not know who did this .
Nor can I imagine any cause that would justify this .
But this I know :
No matter who did this , no matter why , the terror that has been wrought in Mumbai is vile and inhuman and unjustifiable .
And , for the sake of our own humanness , we must speak out against it .
And , so , to any Mumbaikar who might be listening , I say : “ I stand with you today .
In prayer and in solidarity . ”
Stinger jellyfish from the Mediterranean , responsible for £ 1 m of damage to salmon farms last year , spotted off Irish coast
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
A deadly form of jellyfish which has caused £ 1 m in losses to salmon farms off Northern Ireland 's coastline has returned to the Irish Sea .
Mauve stinger jellyfish were spotted at the weekend along a popular tourist beach on Portrush 's West Strand by an Environment Agency worker .
Scientists have confirmed that the small purple creatures were the same jellyfish that killed more than 150,000 salmon in cages off the north Antrim coast last year .
The Environment Agency said there was no indication so far that there would be a repeat of last year 's " catastrophic bloom " .
Marine conservation officer Joe Breen said the authorities had informed Northern Salmon , the company devastated by the jellyfish invasion .
" A further survey carried out this morning has reported the jellyfish are present at West Strand , East Strand , Portrush and White Rocks .
The species have also been observed in the Republic of Ireland , off the County Sligo coast . "
Breen advised people to stay clear of the jellyfish , " which are capable of a nasty powerful sting " .
In recent years , increasing numbers of mauve stinger jellyfish in the Mediterranean have posed a danger for swimmers .
Their presence in the colder northern waters is thought to be due to wind and tidal factors .
A marine biology lecturer said he had heard reports that the jellyfish stretched all the way from Sligo to the County Antrim coast , but it was not yet clear if they were in isolated bunches or a continuous plume .
Dr Jon Houghton of Queen 's University Belfast said : " They occur hundreds of miles out to sea so it is very rare to find them inshore .
If a prevailing wind comes down , they can be carried in . "
Have you ever heard a software engineer refer to a problem as " NP - complete " ?
That 's fancy computer science jargon shorthand for " incredibly hard " :
The most notable characteristic of NP - complete problems is that no fast solution to them is known ; that is , the time required to solve the problem using any currently known algorithm increases very quickly as the size of the problem grows .
As a result , the time required to solve even moderately large versions of many of these problems easily reaches into the billions or trillions of years , using any amount of computing power available today .
As a consequence , determining whether or not it is possible to solve these problems quickly is one of the principal unsolved problems in Computer Science today .
While a method for computing the solutions to NP - complete problems using a reasonable amount of time remains undiscovered , computer scientists and programmers still frequently encounter NP - complete problems .
An expert programmer should be able to recognize an NP - complete problem so that he or she does not unknowingly waste time trying to solve a problem which so far has eluded generations of computer scientists .
You do want to be an expert programmer , do n't you ?
Of course you do !
NP - complete problems are like hardcore pornography .
Nobody can define what makes a problem NP - complete , exactly , but you 'll know it when you see it .
Just this once , I 'll refrain from my usual practice of inserting images to illustrate my point .
( Update : I was shooting for a poetic allusion to the P=NP problem here but based on the comments this is confusing and arguably incorrect .
So I 'll redact this sentence .
Instead , I point you to this P=NP poll ( pdf ) ; read the comments from CS professors ( including Knuth ) to get an idea of how realistic this might be . )
Instead , I 'll recommend a book Anthony Scian recommended to me : Computers and Intractability : A Guide to the Theory of NP - Completeness .
Like all the software engineering books I recommend , this book has a timeless quality .
It was originally published in 1979 , a shining testament to smart people attacking truly difficult problems in computer science : " I can't find an efficient algorithm , but neither can all these famous people . "
So how many problems are NP - complete ?
Lots .
Even if you 're a layman , you might have experienced NP - Completeness in the form of Minesweeper , as Ian Stewart explains .
But for programmers , I 'd argue the most well known NP - completeness problem is the travelling salesman problem .
Given a number of cities and the costs of travelling from any city to any other city , what is the least - cost round - trip route that visits each city exactly once and then returns to the starting city ?
The brute - force solution -- trying every possible permutation between the cities -- might work for a very small network of cities , but this quickly becomes untenable .
Even if we were to use theoretical CPUs our children might own , or our children 's children .
What 's worse , every other algorithm we come up with to find an optimal path for the salesman has the same problem .
That 's the common characteristic of NP - complete problems : they are exercises in heuristics and approximation , as illustrated by this xkcd cartoon :
What do expert programmers do when faced by an intractable problem ?
They cheat .
And so should you !
Indeed , some of the modern approximations for the Travelling Salesman Problem are remarkably effective .
Various approximation algorithms , which quickly yield good solutions with high probability , have been devised .
Modern methods can find solutions for extremely large problems ( millions of cities ) within a reasonable time , with a high probability of being just 2 - 3 % away from the optimal solution .
Unfortunately , not all NP - complete problems have good approximations .
But for those that do , I have to wonder : if we can get so close to an optimal solution by cheating , does it really matter if there 's no known algorithm to produce the optimal solution ?
If I 've learned nothing else from NP - complete problems , I 've learned this : sometimes coming up with clever cheats can be more interesting than searching in vain for the perfect solution .
Consider the First Fit Decreasing algorithm for the NP - complete Bin Packing problem .
It 's not perfect , but it 's incredibly simple and fast .
The algorithm is so simple , in fact , it is regularly demonstrated at time management seminars .
Oh , and it guarantees that you will get within 22 % of the perfect solution every time .
Not bad for a lousy cheat .
So what 's your favorite NP - complete cheat ?
, the Spanish government was considering declaring war on Germany in 1937
plans ... for a possible invasion
it transpired that they could not rely on support from Russia .
Madrid was also unsure of the extent they could depend on help from European democracies like Great Britain or France
In quite the oddest tale dredged up from any national archive in a long time , I have discovered that " " .
Source .
Odder still , it also refers to ''. it was the de jure government of Spain , the Republicans , rather than Franco 's lot that wanted to unleash the dogs ofwar on Hitler 's Germany and a bit of rooting around suggests that the navy and the air force were , initially at least , loyal to the Republic .
Consequently the government would have had the ability to project force of sorts , although the rather sizeable problem of France would have prevented any march across the German frontier .
I have not been able to discover what manner of warships the Republic had at its command , but they had fairly bleeding edge bombers in the Tupolev SB - 2
The idea was spiked becuase '' .
Lots more here for anyone who has anything better than my ' bar Spanish ' .
Being unable to resist the temptation to speculate wildly , I imagine a war that started two years earlier would have led to Soviet domination of the entire continent .
An unexpected drop in U.S. electricity consumption has utility companies worried that the trend is n't a byproduct of the economic downturn , and could reflect a permanent shift in consumption that will require sweeping change in their industry .
Numbers are trickling in from several large utilities that show shrinking power use by households and businesses in pockets across the country .
Utilities have long counted on sales growth of 1 % to 2 % annually in the U.S. , and they created complex operating and expansion plans to meet ...
This little girl was born Sunday , November 2nd at the National Zoo in Washington , DC .
A threatened species , conservationists hope to increase the population of Dama gazelles born in capitivity to aid in repopulation and research efforts .
New Baby Dama Gazelle Born at the National Zoo
The Smithsonian 's National Zoo is proud to announce the birth of a female dama gazelle calf Sunday , Nov. 2 , between 6:45 a.m. and 8 a.m. , to 2 - year - old female Adara and an unnamed 1 - year - old male .
The calf weighed 4.6 kilograms ( 10 pounds ) at birth .
A total of four dama gazelles reside at the Zoo and five at the Zoo's Conservation and Research Center in Front Royal , Va .
" This is an exciting time here at the Zoo — Adara and her baby are bonding and doing well , " said Tony Barthel , curator for the animals at Cheetah Station .
" Twenty - four hours after birth , the calf was given a neonate exam that confirmed the calf 's sex .
The exam also confirmed signs of nursing and the calf has since been observed nursing numerous times .
The calf is healthy , very active and thriving in her new environment .
We hope to have her on exhibit in the weeks to come . "
" On Friday , Nov. 14 , one of our other females delivered a stillborn calf , " added Barthel .
" This was extremely disappointing ; however , we 're watching the mother closely while she 's recovering . "
This birth is very significant for the dama gazelle population .
The International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources Red List of Threatened Species lists the dama gazelle as critically endangered .
The Species Survival Plan currently manages 120 dama gazelles in the United States .
It is estimated that fewer than 500 remain in the wild and are under constant threat due to hunting and poaching .
The Zoo plays an integral role in understanding their fundamental reproductive biology and is in the process of developing optimum techniques for sperm cryopreservation .
The overall goal is to use this information to develop assisted reproductive technologies such as artificial insemination to promote genetic management of this species .
Dama gazelles are Saharan antelopes and are the focus of a new conservation project for Zoo scientists who will be working to save it from extinction by increasing the population of dama gazelles in captivity , expanding research efforts at the Zoo and in the wild and educating governments , aid agencies and citizens about the importance of wildlife conservation .
The Zoo , in collaboration with the Sahara Conservation Fund and the United Nations Secretariat for the Convention on the Conservation of Migratory Species of Wild Animals , also is working to establish an 80,000 - square - kilometer protected area— roughly twice the size of West Virginia — in Niger where scientists can conserve endangered Saharan animals .
At the Zoo , the gazelles currently share their exhibit with scimitar - horned oryx — a Saharan antelope that is currently extinct in the wild .
Before Saharan antelope populations were decimated by hunting , dama gazelles and scimitar - horned oryx would have been seen in large herds , sharing the same habitat .
Zoo scientists are currently working in collaboration with international colleagues to reintroduce scimitar - horned oryx back into wild with the hope that their success with that species will serve as a model for a plan to restore dama gazelles to the wild .
Very little is known about the biology of dama gazelles , and while Zoo scientists ultimately hope to reintroduce this species back to its native habitat , they have much to learn about its veterinary care , reproduction , behavior and genetics before they can achieve that goal .
Animal care staff and scientists will work together to gather basic biological data about the gazelles , including studying hormones in feces to evaluate reproduction and stress — two key factors in ensuring the health , well being and reproductive fitness of zoo animals .
Staff will continue to study the natural breeding of the three adult dama gazelles currently on exhibit at the Zoo to better understand the reproductive needs of these animals in captivity .
While Zoo scientists and animal care staff will be focusing on a method for successful natural breeding , the Zoo 's world renowned - reproductive science team — the same team that pioneered artificial insemination for endangered species as black - footed ferrets and giant pandas — also will develop those breeding techniques for dama gazelles .
Eventually , scientists hope that once they solve the puzzle of how to successfully artificially inseminate dama gazelles in captivity , the solution can be used for the genetic management of this species and rapidly increase their numbers for future reintroduction efforts .
In November 2007 , a survey conducted by Zoo scientists and their collaborators found no sign of the species in an area that 25 years ago was home to tens of thousands dama gazelles .
These gazelles serve an important role in their desert habitat .
They are effective seed dispersers , with nurseries of young acacia trees growing where they have spread their dung in shady areas .
Dama gazelles and other arid - land antelope can survive for months and even years without drinking water , obtaining sufficient moisture from the plants they eat in their sparsely vegetated habitats .
Whether it be Wall - E or slide - action crossbow pistol , there ’s nothing that ca n’t be built with LEGO blocks , as this person proves .
Continue reading to see more .
Click here for first picture in gallery .
Overview
Whether it be robots or engines , LEGO is the perfect starting block .
Though specifics ( measurements , etc. ) were n’t provided , the engine is fully functional a consists entirely of various LEGO Technic parts .
It ’s controlled via a knob using the custom - built control pad .
Video
Cash4Gold is nice enough to admit when they were trying to rip you off .
Since I saw the first commercial , I had a feeling that Cash4 Gold might be a rip - off .
They advertise during late - night cable television programming and on sports radio .
This time slot is pretty crowded with what I call " red-flag " advertising .
Another hint is that their DBA sounds more like a text message than an actual business name .
You are encouraged to send your " scrap " gold in a plastic bag , and to trust they will handle it securely and send a reasonable , near market - rate payment for the precious metal therein .
They 'll take whatever gold items you have , so maybe it would be too complicated to offer actual prices posted on their website .
So , a little test was in order .
As I 've mentioned earlier , I do n't have any scrap gold , so I was not really able to determine the strength of their cash offers .
You know ?
How much Cash are we talking about 4 this gold ?
Luckily , someone else had gold .
Brent K. was also interested in doing a little Gold kit price evaluation , so he gathered up his family fortune of gold scraps and prepared to do some comparison shopping .
He had some 14 K gold and some 10 karat gold .
Ok , so he was a pirate .
First , he took the pile of gold to a local pawn shop .
The pawn shop prices were as follows :
Apparently precious metal items are measured in " Pennyweight " also known as " DWT " .
The " D " stands for " Penny " , actually " Denarius " from the name of a Roman coin , and WT is short for " Weight " .
One DWT is approximately 1.555 grams .
The pawn shop weighed Brent 's gold and let him know that his scrap was about 11 DWT of 14 K and 11 DWT of 10 K gold .
How much does this gold look like it is worth to you ?
$ 19 $ 61 $ 74 $ 178 $ 440
The pawn shop prices were as follows :
$ 10 per DWT for 14 K gold .
$ 8 per DWT for 10 K gold .
With these prices , Brent 's booty was worth $ 198 .
He had $ 110 worth of 14 K gold plus $ 88 worth of 10 K gold .
Brent had initially noted prices on the Cash4 Gold site as :
$ 15 per DWT for 14 K gold .
$ 13 per DWT for 10 K gold .
Better , but all any prices had been removed from the Cash4 Gold site by the time he was ready to send in his gold .
Cash4Gold operates in a manner similar to GoldKit .
They send you an envelope , you send your gold to them in it .
They determine the value and cut a check for that amount .
If the amount meets your expectations , you cash it .
If not , you have 15 days to return the check and get your gold back .
Your satisfaction is guaranteed .
He also noticed that Cash4 Gold offers a " fast cash " scheme to forego the paper check and deposit their payment directly into your checking account within 24 hours .
This setup would be faster , but gold sellers would give up their chance to examine and renegotiate their offer .
And that , it turns out , would be a huge mistake for anyone selling gold to Cash4 Gold .
Brent did not use the FAST CASH option , he wanted to see what they would offer , and was willing to wait to see how much it was .
The offer check from Cash4 Gold arrived , for $ 60 !
Brent called Cash4Gold and immediately and asked for his stuff back .
They made a new offer on the phone : $ 178 !
Can you imagine ?
They covered their smell a little by suggesting that they could manipulate the numbers on their end so that it would look as though he sent in more than he had .... suggesting that they were doing HIM a favor by upping his offer to this new , more attractive number .
Unbelievable !
Yet ... believable .
At first I wanted to call this a scam .
How can you offer someone one price , then TRIPLE it , and not call the first offer a rip - off ?
Consider this conversation :
" Hey , I 'd like to sell my Camry .
It is three years old .. "
" ok. Camry . $ 4,800 . "
" Oh fuck you . "
" Oh , wait .
I can manipulate the paperwork so that it seems like the car is more awesome than it is .
$ 14,500 is my offer . " ( pictured here is the original accounting which accompanied the first , $ 60 check . )
Yesterday it was Larry Pressler from South Dakota .
Very VERY interesting that a Republican US Senator would back Obama .
The old boy network runs deep in the Senate .
Pressler served on the Commerce Committee with McCain .
I suspect Pressler learned a thing or two about McCain during that period , and he was none too impressed .
The people who know McCain the best are turning on him .
This really is remarkable .
Today , Maryland ’s Charles Mathias , who also has known McCain for a long time , weighed in for Obama :
I have known John McCain for many years , even before he was first elected to the House of Representatives in 1982 .
And like so many other television viewers , I have come to know Barack Obama as he has made his spirited quest for the highest office in the land through this long and unprecedented campaign .
Sens. Obama and McCain have vastly different backgrounds and strikingly different visions of how America should navigate these tumultuous times .
For me , the decision on who should be the next president transcends private friendship or political affiliation .
My decision is based on the long - range needs of our country and which of these two candidates I feel is better suited to recharge America ’s economic health , restore its prestige abroad and inspire anew all people who cherish freedom and equality .
For me , that person is Barack Obama .
Again , I ask , other than Lady de Redneck , what other prominent Democrats have turned on Obama ?
None .
" But every day the police put themselves in danger to protect us , the public .
They deserve our support , so I want to give the police the tools they tell me they need to confront dangerous people .
That is why I am giving the police 10,000 Tasers to ensure that officers across the country benefit from this form of defence . "
After a five year review , NOAA ’s Fisheries Service has determined that the Caribbean monk seal , which has not been seen for more than 50 years , has gone extinct — the first type of seal to go extinct from human causes .
Monk seals became easy targets for hunters while resting , birthing , or nursing their pups on the beach .
Overhunting by humans led to these seals ’ demise , according to NOAA biologists .
The last confirmed sighting of the seal was in 1952 in the Caribbean Sea at Seranilla Bank , between Jamaica and the Yucatán Peninsula .
This was the only subtropical seal native to the Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico .
" Humans left the Caribbean monk seal population unsustainable after overhunting them in the wild , " said Kyle Baker , biologist for NOAA ’s Fisheries Service southeast region .
" Unfortunately , this lead to their demise and labels the species as the only seal to go extinct from human causes . "
Caribbean monk seals were listed as endangered on March 11 , 1967 , under the Endangered Species Preservation Act , and relisted under the Endangered Species Act on April 10 , 1979 .
Since then , several efforts have been made to investigate unconfirmed reports of the species in or near the Caribbean Sea , Gulf of Mexico , southern Bahamas , and Greater Antilles .
These expeditions only confirmed sightings of other seal types , such as stray arctic seals .
Five - year status reviews are a requirement of the Endangered Species
Act to ensure that the status of a species listed as threatened or endangered remains accurate and has not changed , for better or worse .
The most recent review began in 2003 .
advertisement
NOAA ’s Fisheries Service plans to publish a proposed rule in the Federal Register , seeking public comment to permanently remove Caribbean monk seals from the Endangered Species List .
Species are removed from this list when their populations are no longer threatened or endangered , or when they are declared extinct .
“ Worldwide , populations of the two remaining monk seal species are declining , ” said Baker .
“ We hope we ’ve learned from the extinction of Caribbean monk seals , and can provide stronger protection for their Hawaiian and Mediterranean relatives . ”
Hawaiian and Mediterranean monk seals are endangered and at risk of extinction with populations dipping below 1,200 and 500 individuals , respectively .
NOAA ’s Fisheries Service is responsible for protecting the Hawaiian monk seal .
That population is declining at a rate of about four percent per year , and NOAA biologists predict the population could fall below 1,000 animals in the next three to four years , placing the Hawaiian monk seal among the world ’s most endangered marine species .
Unlike the Caribbean monk seal , Hawaiian monk seals face different survival challenges , such as lack of food sources for young seals , entanglement in marine debris , predation by sharks , and loss of haul - out and pupping beaches due to erosion .
“ The Hawaiian monk seal is a treasure to preserve for future generations , ” said Bud Antonelis , biologist for NOAA ’s Fisheries Service Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center .
“ NOAA ’s Fisheries Service has developed a monk seal recovery plan , but we need continued support from organizations and the public if we are to have a chance at saving it from extinction .
Time is running out . ”
Other species of marine mammals that have gone extinct in modern times include the Atlantic gray whale ( 1700s or 1800s ) and stellar sea cow ( late 1700s ) , presumably due to overhunting by whalers .
Exploitation of Caribbean monk seals began during the same time period .
Caribbean monk seals were first discovered during Columbus ’s second voyage in 1494 , when eight seals were killed for meat .
Following European colonization from the 1700s to 1900s , the seals were exploited intensively for their blubber , and to a lesser extent for food , scientific study and zoological collection .
Blubber was processed into oil and used for lubrication , coating the bottom of boats , and as lamp and cooking oil .
Seal skins were sought to make trunk linings , articles of clothing , straps and bags .
Scientists are unsure about exactly when Caribbean monk seals went extinct .
Although there have been no confirmed sightings since 1952 , it is conceivable that undetected seals persisted for a short period thereafter .
The seals lived 20 to 30 years , so experts believe that some adults possibly lived into the 1960s or 1970s .
Standing In Line
12:41 AM Subscribe October 22 , 2008
How do lines work where you live ?
I recently came across an article in the Encyclopedia Britannica [ quote inside ] about the novel introduction of the concept of " standing in line " by McDonalds in 1970s Hong Kong .
Do other cultures today deal with lines differently ?
Where are lines accepted / rejected ?
Is the alternative a free - for - all , or are there other ordering schemes ?
By Stephen Sackur
Presenter , HARDtalk , BBC World News
Over the past few weeks of the US presidential election campaign , the tone has turned increasingly negative , especially from the Republican side .
BBC
News has been talking to two key Republican advisers about whether the personal attacks on Senator Obama can be justified .
Across America , ghosts , ghouls and snaggle - toothed jack o'lanterns peer out from a million suburban stoops ; it is just two weeks until Halloween .
This may be the year for the politicians to save the scare tactics for Halloween
But this fall .
a genuinely frightening spectre is said to be lurking in the bushes , ready to pounce on the good people of Middle America .
He is tall and slim but his past is dark .
He ' pals ' with a terrorist intent on blowing up American values .
He was raised in a strange land amongst Muslims .
His religious mentor in more recent times is a preacher of hate .
His name alone is enough to strike fear into many a God - fearing soul .
Whisper it quietly : Barack Hussein Obama is coming to get you .
Fair game
Over the top ?
You bet , but then that is the tone adopted by some of the die-hards in the Republican campaign for the White House .
Do you know whether radical Islam was part of Barack Obama 's background ?
Gary Bauer , president , American Values Early this month they looked at the polls showing a significant and growing Obama lead .
They saw the economy in a tailspin and they felt the anger of a nation disgusted by Wall Street greed .
And they reached a conclusion : it was time to go negative .
Bill Kristol , editor of the Weekly Standard and prolific advocate of the Conservative cause , put it this way : " The McCain campaign has to convince 51 % of voters they can't trust Barack Obama to be our next president " .
In an interview with BBC News HARDtalk programme , Mr Kristol described how he had discussed the campaign with Republican vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin .
She expressed her determination to tell Americans " who the real Barack Obama is . "
Within days Ms Palin , the self - styled pitbull with lipstick , was accusing Obama of ' palling around with terrorists ' - a reference to his relationship in his Chicago past with William Ayers , a one - time leader of the Weather Underground , which launched a haphazard and short - lived campaign of violence against the US Government in the 1960s .
The charge was repeated by Senator McCain in his final debate on Wednesday .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mr Ayers has for many years been a university academic and community activist .
He was named Chicago 's ' Citizen of the Year ' in 1997 .
Mr Kristol defended the William Ayers line of attack on Senator Obama as fair game .
He , like many other Republicans , knows that negative campaigning has worked in the past .
Hussein and Sidney But how far can the Republicans go ?
At one recent McCain / Palin rally the candidates were introduced to the stage by a local activist , Bill Platt , who warmed the crowd up with these words : " Think about how you 'll feel on November 5 if you wake up in the morning and see the news , that Barack Obama -- Barack Hussein Obama -- is the president - elect of the United States . " Although his father and step - father were Muslim , Mr Obama is a Christian
He went on : " The number one most liberal senator in the United States of America was , you guessed it , the ambassador of change , Barack Hussein Obama ' "
Needless to say , Mr Platt did not introduce John McCain as John Sidney McCain , and it does not take an expert in semiotics to spot the key word in Mr Platt 's peroration .
Obama 's middle name , Hussein ( taken from his Kenyan father ) , is for some on the social conservative right a signifier of his suspect status as an alien , a man with connections to a ( frightening ) Muslim world .
Christian conservative viewpoint Gary Bauer is worried about Muslim influence on Mr Obama I asked Gary Bauer , president of the Christian Conservative movement American Values , and an influential figure amongst the Republican base , whether this use of Obama 's middle name made him uncomfortable .
His answer was revealing : " Each person can make their own judgement about whether at a time that we live in when radical Islam has declared war on your country and my country , whether this is something that people want to weigh or not .
" Do you know whether radical Islam was part of Barack Obama 's background ?
He went to a religious school in Indonesia .
Nobody 's been able to find out how things were run in that school .
" The people that were in the school at the time say it was a typical religious Muslim school , and they were being taught the things that we 've seen being taught in many Muslim schools around the world that are troubling " .
McCain uneasy
In the light of Mr Bauer 's response , I was not surprised to hear that a lady in her seventies stood up at a McCain rally last week and referred to Obama as an ' Arab ' .
McCain himself immediately contradicted her and described Obama as a ' decent family man ' with whom he happened to disagree .
John McCain does not use ' Hussein ' , but he did choose Sarah Palin
It was an awkward moment which Senator McCain handled with dignity , but it points to a growing problem within his campaign .
The truth is the Republican candidate does not seem to have the heart for the deeply negative and personal campaign some of his own advisers want to run .
He has publically disavowed the use of Obama 's middle name , but some of his supporters keep doing it .
He has refused to run negative advertisements about Obama 's ties to the radical black pastor Jeremiah Wright even though conservatives are begging him to bring it back up .
With fewer than three weeks left until election day and Obama 's poll lead widening , McCain may yet go negative with both barrels .
But Americans are preoccupied with economic worries .
They want a President who can safeguard their jobs and their savings ; a man who knows how to restore American strength not tear down the opposition .
This may be the year for the politicians to save the scare tactics for Halloween .
HARDtalk with Stephen Sackur is broadcast on BBC World News at 0330 , 0830 , 1430 , 2030 , and 2230 .
The interview with Gary Bauer will be broadcast on Thursday 16 October 2008 .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Previous instalments at Life before Blogging .
Forum Administrator : EvaGeeks.org — An Evangelion Fan Community
Copyright © Steve Gilham , 2003 - 2013
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons License .
Code snippets released under the WTFPL
Barack Obama , during the Democratic primaries , cited as influential to his thinking the book " Team Of Rivals , " about Abraham Lincoln 's opponent - stocked cabinet .
It would appear this was more than mere campaign puffery : Obama 's former presidential rival Hillary Clinton has accepted an offer to join the president - elect 's cabinet as Secretary of State , according to a report in Britain 's Guardian , carried on the front of Drudge Report .
Rather than a thorny problem outside of the Obama administration , in the senate , Clinton will now be on the team , and focused on international problems where political disagreements with the president are less likely to erupt into public view .
Of course her appointment could still go spectacularly wrong .
To find an example of an embarrassing breakdown between a president and his Secretary of State , one need go back no further than the current Bush Administration .
Colin Powell was , by most accounts , slowly frozen out of key decisions after voicing early dissent over the Iraq war .
His office became a source of leaks .
And after leaving at the end of Bush 's first term , Powell spoke publicly about his regrets .
Luckily for Obama , he 's already gotten the " bitter public disagreement " phase of his relationship with Clinton out of the way !
And his alliance with Clinton , combined with recent efforts to build bridges to former Republican presidential rival John McCain in the senate , could help him avoid the bruising Congressional battles of Bill Clinton 's first year .
Jacqui Smith said coming to the UK is a " privilege " A " presumption in favour of exclusion " is being introduced to make it easier to prevent extremists entering the UK , Home Secretary Jacqui Smith has said .
Ms Smith said it would now be up to the individual concerned to prove they would not " stir up tension " in the UK .
For the first time a list of the names of those excluded - including so - called " preachers of hate " - will be published and shared with other countries .
Since 2005 230 people have been barred from entering the UK .
About 80 of them are religious extremists .
Ms Smith said : " Through these tough new measures I will stop those who want to spread extremism , hatred and violent messages in our communities from coming to our country .
" Coming to the UK is a privilege and I refuse to extend that privilege to individuals who abuse our standards and values to undermine our way of life . "
Who are those banned from Britain ?
The changes will not require new legislation and are aimed at tackling " individuals who foster extremism or hate " - including radical Islamists , neo -Nazis and violent animal rights activists .
Shadow Home Secretary Dominic Grieve was dismissive of the changes , saying : " This announcement is more spin than substance .
The real issue is preventing extremists from coming here , not advertising it after the event .
" If the home secretary is at last committed to applying the powers she has , robustly and consistently , then we welcome it , but why has it taken this government so long ? "
The measures announced will : create a presumption in favour of exclusion for people who have engaged in fostering , encouraging or spreading extremism and hatred
put the burden of proof on individuals to show they have renounced previous extremist views
allow for the exclusion of nationals from the European Economic Area before they travel to the UK
increase co-operation with other agencies to improve the evidence base underpinning exclusions
allow for the " naming and shaming " of excluded people
The measures do not go far enough , according to Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne , who also said naming extremists was a " tawdry gimmick " that could lead to ministers being sued for libel .
HAVE YOUR SAY
Bar anyone who goes against the British norm and stirs up anti-social behaviour by advocating violent methods to change society .
Alan Ward , Sydney , Australia
He said : " It is quite right to exclude anyone whose speech is likely to prove so inflammatory as to provoke violence or racial hatred , but these ideas add nothing since the government has already excluded 79 preachers of hate in three years .
" The real need is for quiet intelligence to tackle British preachers of hate , and to block hate - filled internet sites .
" Given the Home Office 's track record of error , there must be adequate safeguards and checks to stop the exclusion of innocent people . "
Keith Vaz , chairman of the Home Affairs Committee , said there should be tougher measures to help remove foreigners inciting violence who are already based in the UK .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He said : " Along with being tougher on those wanting to enter the UK we must also get tougher on removing those that are already here .
" If they are convicted of inciting violence or related offences , they must be removed . "
Mr Vaz also said he was concerned information used to make exclusion decisions needed to be accurate , and that there needed to be a clear process in which to challenge a decision .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
One of the underlying assumptions of the Fed ’s and many other central banks ’ response to the credit crisis is that it can be halted , and hopefully remedied , by having the government backstop the troubled financial sector .
One template is not to repeat the supposed mistakes of the Great Depression and Japan ’s post bubble era , where conventional wisdom has it downturn morphed into disasters as a result of the failure of central banks to break glass and supply liquidity aggressively enough .
A second model is Sweden .
There , the government intervened aggressively to combat a large scale banking crisis by nationalizing failing banks ( they had a methodology for doing triage , to determine who could be saved and who needed to be liquidated or merged ) , spun the bad assets off into a liquidation vehicle , recapitalized what remained , and sold them off when the economy recovered .
However , these paradigms are being applied selectively , with the politically convenient bits being implemented and the harder remedies ignored .
The Fed moved quickly to cut rates and then create special vehicles to help provide liquidity to markets that appeared stuck .
But this response came out of both Bernanke ’s study of ( one might say fixation with ) the Depression .
plus the “ if the only tool you have is a hammer , every problem looks like a nail ” syndrome .
Central banks are in the liquidity business , so they tend to fall back on the tools they have at hand , rather than going to the more difficult process of building political support for other types of solutions .
For instance , a number of observers , ranging from Depression expert Anna Schwartz and the Japanese have taken issue with the heavy reliance on liquidity injections .
Schwartz has pointed out , as many others have , that the current financial meltdown is not a liquidity crisis but a solvency crisis .
Both Schwartz and the Japanese recommended approaches that put much greater priority on purging bad assets ( Schwartz recommended letting insolvent firms fail , while the Japanese urged speedy recapitalizations ) .
And even the Swedish approach , which is now being given lip service , is largely ignored .
One of its key elements was that the banking system had grown disproportionately , unsustainably large , and needed to be shrunk .
The US , by contrast , is not only trying to prop up the financial system in place , but also wants it to make more loans to keep the economy going .
In other words , they want to make the underlying problem of overleverage worse .
Since the US looks borrowings relative to GDP are higher than Sweden ’s were at the time of its crisis , the need to figure out how to reduce indebtedness is crucial .
Some analysts have pegged US debt to GDP at 350 % ; reader Bjornar kindly did some digging , and based on this and this source concluded Swedish debt to GDP in 1990 was roughly 170 % .
While both estimates are admittedly quick and dirty , the obvious shortcomings in the US estimate suggest it is , if anything , understated .
However , reducing indebtedness means a lower GDP , when the idea of letting growth suffer is anathema .
Yet Sweden , which is widely held as a model , did in fact have a very nasty two year recession , but had a strong rebound afterwards .
Most analysts believe this was the least costly approach , in terms of long - term consequences .
Yet the US seems determined to minimize immediate pain , not matter how great damage to long - term economic health .
Moreover , the US is starting to get warning signs that it may encounter resistance from our friendly foreign funding soruces when we ask them to pick up the tab for our debt party .
Willem Buiter , who was a front - row spectator in the Iceland meltdown ( he and Anne Siebert were bought in to advise the authorities late in the game , and they evidently did n’t heed Buiter ’s and Sieber ’s advice ) warns that having the government rescue the banking sector does not reduce risk but merely transfers it , and investors are wising up :
Under current circumstances , if the government injects capital into a bank to compensate for past and anticipated future losses , it may not achieve a risk - adjusted expected rate of return on this investment equal to its borrowing cost .
The difference will have to be recouped through higher future primary surpluses , that is , higher future government budget surpluses excluding interest payments .
If there is doubt in the markets about the ability or willingness of current and / or future governments to raise future taxes or cut future spending to generate the required increase in future primary surpluses , the default risk premium on the public debt will rise .
We are seeing such increased default risk premia even for the most credit - worthy sovereigns , including the German government , the US government and the UK government .
On Friday October 10 , 2008 , the spreads on 5 year sovereign CDS were 0.456 % for the UK , 0.33 % for the USA ad 0.265 % for Germany , well above their post - war historical averages .
On October 28 , 2008 , Bloomberg wrote : Credit - default swaps on [ U.S. ]
Treasuries have risen nearly 40 percent since TARP was signed into law Oct. 3 , and are now about the same as Mexican and Thai government debt before the credit markets began to seize up in June 2007 .
By bailing out the banks , and other bits of the financial system , the authorities reduce bank default risk but by increasing sovereign default risk .
As long as there is sufficient fiscal spare capacity ( the technical , economic and political prerequisites are met for raising future taxes and / or cutting future public spending by a sufficient amount to service the additional public debt and maintain long - run government solvency ) .
One worry about government solvency being compromised by the need to rescue an overly large banking sector .
Buiter , unlike Paul Krugman and other prominent US economists , warns that there are indeed limits to how many commitments a a government can take on .
Markets can and will exercise discipline ( Buiter argues mainly from the UK perspective , but his logic applies to any government ) :
The key question is , can the government meet all these fiscal commitments , whether firm or flaccid , unconditional or contingent and explicit or implicit ?
Does it have the resources , now and in the future , to issue the additional debt required to meet the growing volume of up - front obligations it has taken on ?
To be solvent , the face value of the government ’s net financial obligations has to be no larger than the present discounted value of current and future primary government surpluses ( government surpluses excluding net interest and other investment income ) … .
In addition to the debt that has been and will be issued to finance asset purchases by the government , there are the future debt issuance associated with the large cyclical and structural government deficits that will be a feature of the coming recession .
If GDP falls peak - to - trough by , say 3.5 percent and recovers only slowly , we could have a seven percent of GDP or higher government deficit for 2009 and 2010 .
Together with the explicit or implicit fiscal commitments made to safeguard the British banking system , the numbers are likely to spook the markets .
With the true net public debt to GDP ratio probably already well above 100 percent of GDP and rising , and with massive public sector deficits , partly cyclical and partly structural , about to materialise , the markets will question the fiscal - financial sustainability of the government ’s programme with increasing vehemence .
The CDS spreads on UK public debt will start rising .
The notion that , except for currency , there may not be a safe sterling - denominated asset may come as a shock .
But the same is true in the US .
In 2009 , the US government will have to sell ( gross ) at least $ 2 trillion worth of government debt ( the sum of the Federal deficit plus asset purchases plus refinancing of maturing debt ) .
The largest such figure ever in the past was $ 550 billion .
In the US too , the markets will have to learn to do without a US dollar financial instrument that is free of default risk .
Buiter ’s comments on the US raise a second issue : even if investors are not worried about the risk of a sovereign default , there is going to be so much government debt for sale that yields will rise , merely based on supply and demand .
We are seeing signs of that now .
Consider this warning sign from Germany , the unheard of specter of the failure of a government bond auction of a highly credit - worthy state , via the Financial Times ( hat tip readers Chris and Don ) :
For any government looking to raise money in the capital markets in the next few months , there was an ominous development in Germany this week .
A German 10 - year bond auction failed – something more or less unheard of until this year – as cash - strapped banks and investors snubbed the government offering .
It is a clear sign of straitened times when a benchmark bond in one of the most liquid markets in the world cannot attract enough bids to reach its target amount .
Crucially , it raises serious doubts about whether governments can raise the vast amounts of debt needed to fund fiscal stimulus packages and bank recapitalisations in the current tough market conditions .
Any sign of waning demand may force up bond yields – putting further pressure on public finances when they are already under strain .
Nowhere is the issue more pressing than in the US .
Tony Crescenzi , strategist at Miller Tabak , says : “ In a world with finite capital and where sovereign nations everywhere are in need of capital to finance their financial and economic stabilisation efforts , the substantial increase in Treasury supply could become manifested in higher long - term interest rates . ”
Rick Klingman , managing director at BNP Paribas , adds : “ There is no doubt that supply will matter at some point as the financing needs are staggering [ in the US ] .
At the moment , supply is not a large factor with stocks in freefall ” ….
US
Treasury bond supply is expected to hit record levels , in a range from $ 1,400bn to $ 1,750bn in the 2009 financial year , starting in October .
In Europe , bond supply is forecast to rise to more € 1,000bn ( $ 1,247bn ) next year – also a record high , according to Barclays Capital .
The extraordinary thing is that , in spite of this huge supply , most analysts expect bond yields will fall .
This is because many analysts are now anticipating a deep and protracted global recession , and talk of deflation is even stalking bond markets .
Yields have fallen particularly sharply at the shorter - end of the bond curve , which is most sensitive to interest rate movements , because of the accelerating slowdown in the world ’s economies .
Analysts say the economic backdrop is the key determinant of where yields will trade .
At the moment equities are so unappealing to investors that bond markets appear more attractive , offsetting supply concerns .
Some government bond yields are also historically low , around levels last seen in 2005 , and much lower than in June when inflation concerns dominated trade .
For example , German 10 - year Bund yields are trading at 3.63 per cent , compared with 4.68 per cent in June .
Riccardo Barbieri , a strategist at Bank of America , says : “ In the unlikely event that yields should rise , which I would not expect , they are coming from a fairly low level . ”
Germany – in spite of its fourth 10 - year Bund failure this year – and the US are likely to be more successful in attracting investors and depressing yields , should the difficult conditions persist , than other countries as they have the most liquid markets and are seen as safe havens …
Another problem for the governments is the competition from banks and financial institutions , which have sovereign guarantees yet offer much higher yields .
For example , this week the UK ’s Nationwide priced a three - year deal at close to 100 basis points over gilts .
“ The simplistic question is , why buy government paper when you can buy government - backed paper such as this for a much greater return ? , ” says Sean Shepley , fixed income strategist at Credit Suisse .
With an expected € 1,600bn of bank guaranteed issuance in Europe alone next year , this could have a significant impact on investor appetite for government bonds .
Mr Chapman says : “ In spite of the prospect of this huge issuance , yields are not being forced higher .
This shows just how gloomy people are about the economic outlook . ”
Personally , I think investors are so shell - shocked by the crisis that they are only thinking about what to do this quarter , and not about the longer term .
Just as during the waning days of the bubble , Citi ’s Chuck Prince talked of dancing as long as the music was playing , and assuming he and Citi could exit risky positions when the time came , so to many investors may recognize the risk of a rise in government bond yields , but similarly assume they can sell if that comes to pass without taking too much of a loss .
In another , more widely reported sign of stress , the US 30 bond auction this week saw a big drop in demand from central banks , a crucial group of buyers .
From Bloomberg :
Treasuries fell , led by 30 - year bonds , after investors shunned the government ’s $ 10 billion sale of the securities amid concern that U.S. debt sales will grow … .
The bond auction followed yesterday ’s sale of $ 20 billion in 10 - year notes .
The $ 30 billion total of the two auctions is the biggest amount of the securities sold in a week since at least 1990 …
“ In the current market environment there are still too many unknowns , ” said William Larkin , a portfolio manager at Cabot Money Management in Salem , Massachusetts , which manages about $ 500 million in assets .
“ People are looking for the safety of the shorter - term securities . ”
Today ’s bond auction forecast to draw a yield of 4.224 percent , according to the average estimate of seven bond - trading firms surveyed by Bloomberg News .
The bid - to - cover ratio , which gauges demand by comparing the number of bids to the amount of securities sold , was 2.07 , below the average of 2.19 times in the nine auctions since the bond was revived in 2006 .
Indirect bidders , a class of investors that includes foreign central banks , bought 18 percent of the securities offered , down from 43 percent at the last sale .
The skittish may due in part to the G20 meeting this weekend , which could be a negative for the dollar if China ’s pet theme , the need to move away from the dollar as reserve currency , gets a hearing .
The dollar and Treasuries tend to move together .
But this is not the first weak Treasury auction we ’ve seen , and if they become more than isolated events , it bodes ill for the strategy many central banks are taking .
Researchers have carried out the largest study of differences between human and chimpanzee genomes , identifying regions that have been duplicated or lost during evolution of the two lineages .
The study , published in Genome Research , is the first to compare many human and chimpanzee genomes in the same fashion .
The team show that particular types of genes - such as those involved in the inflammatory response and in control of cell proliferation - are more commonly involved in gain or loss .
They also provide new evidence for a gene that has been associated with susceptibility to infection by HIV .
" This is the first study of this scale , comparing directly the genomes of many humans and chimpanzees , " says Dr Richard Redon , from the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute , a leading author of the study .
" By looking at only one ' reference ' sequence for human or chimpanzee , as has been done previously , it is not possible to tell which differences occur only among individual chimpanzees or humans and which are differences between the two species .
" This is our first view of those two important legacies of evolution . "
Rather than examining single - letter differences in the genomes ( so - called SNPs ) , the researchers looked at copy number variation ( CNV ) - the gain or loss of regions of DNA .
CNVs can affect many genes at once and their significance has only been fully appreciated within the last two years .
The team looked at genomes of 30 chimpanzees and 30 humans : a direct comparison of this scale or type has not been carried out before .
The comparison uncovered CNVs that are present in both species as well as copy number differences ( CNDs ) between the two species .
CNDs are likely to include genes that have influenced evolution of each species since humans and chimpanzees diverged some six million years ago .
advertisement
" Broadly , the two genomes have similar patterns and levels of CNVs - around 70 - 80 in each individual - of which nearly half occur in the same regions of the two species ' genomes , " continues Dr Redon .
" But beyond that similarity we were able to find intriguing evidence for key sets of genes that differ between us and our nearest relative . "
One of the genes affected by CNVs is CCL3L1 , for which lower copy numbers in humans have been associated with increased susceptibility to HIV infection .
Remarkably , the study of 60 human and chimpanzee genomes found no evidence for fixed CNDs between human and chimp and no within - chimp CNV .
Rather , they found that a nearby gene called TBC1D3 was reduced in number in chimpanzee compared to human : typically , there were eight copies in human , but apparently only one in all chimpanzees .
The authors suggest that it might be evolutionary selection of CNDs in TBC1D3 that have driven the population differences .
Consistent with this novel observation , TBC1D3 is involved in cell proliferation ( favoured category ) and is on a core region for duplication - a focal point for large regions of duplication in human genome .
" It is evident that there has been striking turnover in gene content between humans and chimpanzees , and some of these changes may have resulted from exceptional selection pressures , " explains Dr George Perry from Arizona State University and Brigham and Women 's Hospital , another leading author of the study .
" For example , a surprisingly high number of genes involved in the inflammatory response - APOL1 , APOL4 , CARD18 , IL1F7 , IL1F8 - are completely deleted from chimp genome .
In humans , APOL1 is involved in resistance to the parasite that causes sleeping sickness , while IL1F7 and CARD18 play a role in regulating inflammation : therefore , there must be different regulations of these processes in chimpanzees .
" We already know that inactivation of an immune system gene from the human genome is being positively selected : now we have an example of similar consequences in the chimpanzee . "
CNVs in humans and chimpanzees often occur in equivalent genomic locations : most lie in regions of the genomes , called segmental duplications , that are particularly ' fragile ' .
However , one in four of the 355 CNDs that the team found do not overlap with CNVs within either species - suggesting that they are variants that are ' fixed ' in each species and might mark significant differences between human and chimpanzee genomes .
advertisement
DNA Samples and analysis
The project used DNA samples from 30 chimpanzees ( 29 from W Africa , one from E Africa ) : the chimpanzee reference was produced using DNA from Clint , the chimpanzee whose DNA was used for the genome sequence .
Human DNA samples were obtained from following participants : ten Yoruba ( Ibadan , Nigeria ) , ten Biaka rainforest hunter - gatherers ( Central African Republic ) and ten Mbuti rainforest hunter - gatherers ( Democratic Republic of Congo ) .
The human reference is a European - American male from the HapMap Project ( NA10852 ) .
CNVs and CNDs were detected using a whole - genome tilepath of DNA clones spanning the human genome used previously to map human CNVs : this platform can reveal structural variants greater than around 10,000 base - pairs in size .
This work was funded by the Wellcome Trust , the LSB Leakey Foundation , the Wenner - Gren Foundation for Anthropological Research , the National Institutes of Health , The University of Louisiana at Lafayette - New Iberia Research Center and the Howard Hughes Medical Institute .
The authors thank the Human Genome Diversity Project , the Coriell Institute for Medical Research , the Integrated Primate Biomaterials and Information Resource , New Iberia Research Center , and the Primate Foundation of Arizona for samples .
Taking pause amid this best - of - times , worst - of - times autumn , pop-culture pilgrims have reason to rejoice .
A cornucopia of superheroes , fringe phenomena and beautifully twisted mavericks provided nourishment for the soul , gleaned laughs from the madness and sometimes scared the hell out of us — in a good way .
Slathered with extra - geeky gravy , here , in no particular order , are 14 movies , TV shows and other treats that stuck to our ribs over the past few months .
Chime in with your thoughts after the jump .
__ 1 The Colbert Report__
The greatest comedian alive , Stephen Colbert in 2008 raised the already sky - high bar on his unhinged brand of satire .
Landing in the Smithsonian , running for president , winning an Emmy , teaming up with Spider - Man , and releasing a metafictional holiday special , Colbert remains the most important entertainer on either side of the cultural divide .
– Scott Thill
2 Heath Ledger in The Dark Knight **
Everybody knows dark meat is tastier than white meat , right ?
The late Hedge Ledger turned in a performance for the ages as the pitch - black Joker .
Villain as virtuoso , Ledger 's disfigured clown bared an unforgettably gnarled heart hiding behind all that scar tissue .
– Hugh Hart
3 Barbecue and Chicken Shit Bingo at South by Southwest
Spring break for geeks , the three - headed beast of a conference in Austin , Texas , always rates a 10 on the fun meter .
But this year , the barbecue binge and a honky - tonk spectacle known as Chicken Shit Bingo pushed the whole thing to a Texas - size 11 .
– Lewis Wallace
4 Cinematic Titanic
More comedy from the folks behind Mystery Science Theater 3000 , in any form , is a good thing because laughter , in any form , is a good thing .
This new effort from Joel Hodgson and company gets better with every relief .
– John Scott Lewinski
__5 Slumdog Millionaire __
Danny Boyle 's magical realist tale portrays a poor Mumbai kid extraordinarily rendered from a winning streak on Who Wants to Be a Millionaire ?
and thrown into a vertiginous swirl of geopolitics , velocity and love .
Shot guerrilla - style in India mostly on digital video , Slumdog Millionaire is the best picture of the year .
– Scott Thill
6 Fringe
The doctor is in , and he 's mad as a hatter .
We never know what 's going to fly out of the mouth of actor John Noble as kooky scientist Walter Bishop , but it 's usually a humdinger .
He and FBI Agent Olivia Dunham ( pictured ) keep the weirdness coming in the fall season 's most captivating new series .
– Hugh Hart
7 *
Battlestar Galactica *'s bleak cliffhanger
The mid-season stunner slapped Galactica fans with a shocking Planet of the Apes - style tableau , thereby fueled months of frakked - out anticipation for 2009 's series wrap .
– Lewis Wallace
8 Avatar : The Last Airbender
This mash of anime , martial arts , mythology , philosophy , environmentalism and geopolitics was smartest children 's show to ever hit television .
Action - packed * and * enlightened , the show also enraptured millions of adults before ending its Nickelodeon run in July .
– Scott Thill
__9 Hellboy II 's awesome visuals __
Director Guillermo del
Toro went whole hog to bring
The
Golden Army creatures to scarifying life .
Crafted with a mix of old - school " practical " special effects and computer - generated imagery , they nonetheless could n't beat down Ron
Perlman ( pictured ) who ruled ( again ) as the do - gooder demon spawn .
– Lewis Wallace
10 Street Artist Shepard Fairey
Viral art lives , and just not on the internet .
Arrested 19 times for putting up stickers posters and stencils in unauthorized public places , Shepard Fairey cranked out an old - school silk - screen portrait of the president - elect , distributed the Obama graphic free online via print - out downloads , and colored - coded his " Hope " poster to symbolize the possibility for red and blue states to co-exist harmoniously .
– Hugh Hart
11 Iron Man's Rockin ' Trailer
From Robert Downey Jr.'s cocksure portrayal of Tony Stark to the Black Sabbath riff at the outro , the perfectly crafted high - def Iron Man teaser kicked the summer of the superhero into high gear .
– Lewis Wallace
12 Wall *E
One of the most ambitious , meditative and soulful animated sci- fi films ever made about machines , humans and their intersecting consumptions , Wall * E ( pictured ) is more 2001 than Toy Story .
This Pixar masterpiece charted the way forward for thoughtful speculative narrative with its head and heart in the right place .
– * Scott Thill *
13 Rifftrax
This movie - riffing service founded by Michael J. Nelson expanded this year into mocking short films in addition to new release DVDs .
It 's new iRiff service now lets aspiring fans try their collective hand at out - riffing the masters .
– John Scott Lewinski
14 Star Wars : The Clone Wars
Vastly better than the majority of George Lucas ' second trilogy , Clone Wars ranks among the Star Wars multiverse 's most clever productions .
Clones progress from drones to complex individuals , Jedis killed off too quickly in Revenge of the Sith finally land dense backstories , and battle droids emerge at last as fully formed comic canon fodder .
Most importantly , Star Wars now has a home on television more interesting than its previous incarnation on the big screen .
Now if they could just put a shirt on Asoka , all would be right with the universe .
– * Scott Thill *
Pass the turkey and weigh in with your favorite pop culture experiences of 2008 .
Comment below .
compiled by Hugh Hart
* Photos courtesy Central , Fox , Universal and Pixar .
Image of * The First Thanksgiving * courtesy Wikipedia Commons . *
See also :
Originally Posted by Oldsoldier2003 Originally Posted by
I have had Dell CS reps do me a " favor " over a year after purchase .
It is generally a matter of politely escalating your issue and being firm in what you will accept .
If you treat the people on the other end disrespectfully you are very likely to receive a less than optimal resort .
I think Kos , Digby and Kilgore have this about right .
The Republican / McCain plan is to get the Democrats to bail out the GOP ’s Wall Street friends and then run against them for doing it .
I do n't do God and I do n't like things that some of those who do God do .
Bombing Iraq , for instance .
Demanding exemptions from the law on grounds of conscience .
Then there 's stoning women , killing gay people , and abusing children and covering up for it .
What else ?
How about book - burning , witch - trialing and poison - spreading ?
Not nice .
I take exception , too , to Jehovah 's Witnesses knocking when I'm in the bath , expecting a nice parcel from the postman , or both .
Even God would n't like that .
Yet I wo n't be boarding the atheist bus .
Why ?
Because I 'm not sure I 'd enjoy the company .
Pious atheism gets up my nose : not right up , but far enough for me to catch a whiff of sanctimony I rebel against instinctively .
There 's been something glib about the attacks on faith and its subscribers that 's such a feature of the post - 9/11 years , not least at Comment is free .
That said , it 's nothing new .
The paradox of religions preaching love and practising hate is among the first of life 's many big contradictions we encounter .
Homilies about more people being killed " because of religion " than anything else are widely encountered by age ten .
Debates between sixth - formers follow .
Few that take place among grown - ups , whether egg - heads or oiks , are less callow .
Much deriding of religion is smug , rooted in stereotypes and suffused with a presumption of intellectual superiority that is rarely justified .
It is as unenlightened in its way as those it scoffs at .
Its standard mockery is that believing we are beholden to some bearded bloke in the sky is laughable at best and ultimately dangerous both to the individual and society .
This is true insofar as the presence of religion in human cultures can be reduced to such a characterisation .
But often it cannot .
The great irony is that much derogation of religion comes from ardent rationalists and from the left .
These see religion only as a form of ignorance and a force for psychological diminution imposed by conservative powers from above .
But while religion can quite obviously be all of those things and has been throughout history , it really is n't as simple as that .
By presuming that people are only repressed by faith or in thrall to it , its devoted critics bear a depressing resemblance to the irrational and to the right .
To use the jargon of social studies , they ignore individual " agency . "
In their indignant certainty , they miss the blindingly , empirically obvious , such as that individuals relate to their faiths in individual ways and in differing degrees according to need , circumstance and personal taste .
For some , observance is merely a cultural custom that co-exists comfortably with a general humanism and a secularist view of government , the law and the state .
Their religion can provide moral metaphors , a link with family history or mystical spaces for contemplation involving little if any subservience to unaccountable hierarchies or deference to reactionary dogma .
God is what people make him and there are some examples of this creativity from which the left could learn a great deal .
On Wednesday evening I took a half hour walk from my home to the York Hall in Bethnal Green , an East End landmark famous for its baths and as a boxing arena .
On this occasion , though , it was hosting a gathering of Telco , the east London component of an organisation called London Citizens .
This capital - wide coalition of faith groups – everyone from Methodists to Muslims - supported by trade unionists and others , promotes and prosecutes an impeccably progressive agenda of social activism which includes the London Living Wage and earned citizenship for over - staying immigrants , both of them opposed by the government .
Their size and energy make them impossible for politicians and others in power to ignore , as Boris Johnson learned during the mayoral election campaign and one of his deputies , Richard Barnes , the Labour leader of Tower Hamlets council and three Olympic bigwigs can now confirm .
The hall was packed , amiable and insistent .
Would I share all those peoples ' values ?
I 'm sure I would n't .
Yet their desire to build bridges , their hunger for fair play and their boundless optimism are precisely what is lacking from the politics of social justice these days .
For some , religion has become a convenient culprit for the ills of the modern age .
Much too convenient , I 'm afraid .
When someone tells me they 've had a bad night 's sleep , I find it hard to sympathise .
I can't believe anyone sleeps as badly as me .
On a good night I get three hours of restless catnapping , waking every 15 minutes and then dropping off again .
I regularly go for two or three nights with no sleep at all .
I can't remember any one night when I lost that ability to drift off , but by the age of seven I would regularly be pacing my room until dawn .
I was n't a particularly anxious child - there 's no history of insomnia in my family and my mother said I slept well as a baby - so there was no obvious explanation .
And no obvious solution : my mother tried everything , but nothing worked .
At school I was short - tempered with exhaustion and would bang my fists on my desk and kick walls .
By eight , I was so frustrated and desperate to sleep that I hit my head against the wall in the middle of the night ; if I could n't fall asleep , I thought , I 'd knock myself out .
The years went by with no improvement - I could barely cope and grew into an irritable teenager , a loner always on the periphery of groups .
Yet it felt normal to me because I was so used to being by myself at night .
I have never been able to lead a conventional life and can't imagine working in an office - I can barely function in the mornings .
Fortunately I have been able to build a successful career as a ring designer , deciding what hours I work .
Before I met my wife , Julia , insomnia wrecked several relationships .
Girlfriends would say , " I 'll make sure you get some sleep , " but my tossing and turning drove them away .
Julia and I have accepted we need separate bedrooms .
We tried two mattresses zipped together , separate duvets - but I need the radio on to drop off , and it keeps her awake .
When we did sleep together , I could n't bear it if Julia woke me up when she snored .
" How can you wake me up ? " I 'd rage .
" It 's taken me four hours to get to sleep . "
We do n't share a bed any more and I yearn for the day when we can .
Instead , when Julia goes to bed at 11 pm , I pad around the house , or work until 2 am or 3 am .
It 's pointless trying to sleep any earlier .
I take sleeping tablets only once a week because they are addictive - three times the recommended dose ( with my GP's blessing ) to ensure three to four hours ' solid sleep .
When my children were babies , I 'd hold them in my arms and watch them drift off peacefully - it was like watching a miracle .
I 'd hold them close to try to absorb some of the blissful sleep that I craved .
We have four children now and they 've grown up understanding that Daddy is awake at night .
It meant I could do the nightshift when they were babies .
It 's still such a mystery to me , the act of falling asleep .
People say , let your mind go blank , but how ?
Thoughts whirr round in my head .
I do n't have that ability to switch off .
I once gave a colleague a lift and he told me casually he was going to have a power nap .
Thirty seconds later , I heard snoring and nearly crashed the car .
I was n't jealous - I 'd never want to deprive anyone of their sleep - but I was definitely envious .
How on earth did he do it ?
Over the years , I 've taken part in numerous sleep studies and therapies : cognitive behavioural therapy , allergy tests , diets , yogacise , aromatherapy , acupuncture , melatonin .
Each new specialist would treat me as a challenge , determined that they'd be the one to crack my insomnia .
But I grew to recognise the signs of defeat in their eyes , and with it any hope of a cure .
They could never find any cause .
Sleep deprivation is a form of torture and , before I met my wife , I could easily have contemplated suicide .
My salvation has been psychotherapy , being able to talk about how angry I 've been all these years , and gaining a new perspective .
It has n't cured my insomnia , but at least it has given me a coping strategy - acceptance .
Hours of talking has led to understanding .
It does n't sound much , but it 's a huge source of comfort to be able to manage my frustration .
So when the night comes now , the dread does n't descend as deeply as it did before .
I do n't have that extreme sense of frustration .
I settle down in front of my computer , tapping out emails of support to fellow insomniacs , while the quiet hum of the radio keeps me company into the small hours .
I feel not quite content but resigned .
DIGG THIS
Part of the current banking crisis is due to the deregulation that Congress brought in known as the Gramm - Leach - Bliley Act of 1999 or the Financial Services Modernization Act .
But that deregulation was part of a general movement during the 1990s , approved by piecemeal government regulations and deregulations , that allowed both investment banks and banks to become universal banks .
As universal banks , bankers could engage in all manner of highly questionable financial activities and expansions that are totally inconsistent with the safety of bank deposits .
Given the government ’s guarantees of bank deposits , these sorts of activities should never have been allowed .
When there are such guarantees combined with the central banking money system , market discipline is greatly eroded .
No doubt , lobbying efforts and contributions to politicians have much to do with this deregulation and erosion .
There are big bucks to be made by gaming the system of government regulation .
The system we have is the furthest thing from lawful free markets .
It is not " financial capitalism , " as France ’s President Sarkozy would have it .
To be fair to him , Mr. Sarkozy ’s views require separate elaboration .
We will be hearing more from him , I am certain .
Like De Gaulle , he may want a place for gold .
For the moment , statements like these " Laissez - faire is finished " and " The all - powerful market which is always right is finished " should be recognized as incorrect and misleading .
We have not experienced either laissez - faire or an all - powerful market .
How could we when we have not had monetary freedom at any time and especially since 1913 and then the New Deal ?
One might think that the banking crisis has been solely a subprime crisis due to the excessive mortgage lending of such companies as Washington Mutual and Countrywide Credit in conjunction with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
This is not the case .
If this were true , we would not see such giants as Citigroup falling drastically in price ( from $ 56 to $ 9 ) and receiving $ 25 billion in government relief .
Citigroup has written off all sorts of loans in the past year or two .
Eventually the full story of this and other universal banks will be told .
This bank has engaged in structured finance deals for a long time .
These are done through " special purpose entities " that hide the loans .
It hid very large loans to Enron .
See here .
Lest there be any confusion among readers about my remarks here and below that favor stringent regulation of bank loans , I will state a few , not all , of my preferences at the outset .
I will not attempt to justify them here or even explain them in detail .
We should have entirely free banking with appropriate rule of law .
We should have complete monetary freedom with rule of law .
The free market with appropriate law and enforcement will provide the market discipline .
Our governance should have no power to control , dictate , shape , or in any way regulate or legislate the money and credit exchanges of millions of people .
The entire financial superstructure built from 1913 ( and before ) to the present is faulty .
If the authorities spent their time doing what they should do , which is discovering and enforcing the rule of law , which includes paying heed to fraud and ensuring justice by reference to established canons , that would be quite challenging enough
The authorities have a limited and often perverse understanding of what they bring about when they regulate .
Their thinking is influenced by false theories , political concerns , and the money contributions of financial firms .
Even more important than any of these is their belief that they can pass a law and control behavior to their liking without setting off other behavior that is well beyond their control .
They think they can control anything , without giving rise to the attendant costs and without destroying the very thing they are controlling .
They vastly over - estimate the benefits of their laws without seeing the costs and losses that these laws impose and bring about in the future .
Politicians are nearsighted purveyors of power .
With my views made clear , there should be no confusion when I state that Gramm - Leach - Bliley was a blunder .
But far more generally , banks that are financed by insured deposits should never have been allowed to do what they did .
There is no excuse for regulators to allow such banks to write inordinate mounts of insurance via credit default swaps , or to extend inordinate amounts of loan guarantees that are another form of insurance .
There is no excuse for government to have encouraged home loans to people who could not afford them .
There is no excuse for government to encourage people to take on excessive amounts of debt , period .
Insured banks should n’t have had large obligations hidden away in off - balance - sheet subsidiaries .
These banks should n’t be so highly levered .
Government is fully responsible , not only for the welter of regulation but also for the inept deregulation and the resulting financial tragedy that has unfolded .
Gramm - Leach - Bliley loosened control over banking while leaving the rest of the regulated system intact .
This heightened the moral hazard .
Banks then extended many more questionable loans and entered into complex financial agreements that they never should have been allowed to make .
All of this was to our detriment .
Between central banks that provide low - cost deposits , bank deposits insured by governments , and the urgings of their governments , banks and other institutions have strong incentives to make risky loans and over - expand .
Every 10 years or so , the result is a banking crisis .
The core problem in banking is the incentives that banks face under the various regulations .
They respond to these incentives .
These incentives are very powerful .
Getting rid of one set of restrictions while maintaining others can and has led to excessive risk - taking and eventual disaster .
The incentives are well understood by financial professionals .
They have understood them for a long time .
They are often well understood by staff researchers at government regulatory agencies .
This does not mean that the regulators in power understand , or if they do understand it does not mean that they regulate according to their knowledge .
The leaders of regulatory agencies , unlike their staff underlings , are in political positions .
The financial knowledge probably penetrates even less to Congressmen and their staffs .
They are even more likely to be influenced by politics , lobbying , and contributions of members of the financial industries .
Many of them are lawyers who are unfamiliar with economics and finance .
Some Congressmen may hold philosophical positions favoring monetary freedom and think they are doing the right thing to deregulate , when in fact the deregulation leads to perverse results .
These Congressmen may not understand the system of incentives they are dealing with .
In order to make this non -free - market system work even halfway well , the politicians in government sense that banks need to be regulated .
But they do n’t want that job , even if they had the expertise to understand the issues , which they do n’t .
Their goal is to raise money , make laws , get votes , and build up their pensions .
They turn the regulation problem over to central banks and numerous other regulatory agencies .
This is government in action , which means a degree of institutionalized ineptitude that exceeds the usual human norm .
It is only when a crisis occurs that , bewildered or scoring political points , the politicians poke around in the ruins of the financial system and promise to rebuild it .
They then go about making matters worse .
The core problem in government is the incentives that government authorities face .
This problem is insoluble under the existing Constitution and under the typical nation - state form of government .
Well before Congress acted , some regulatory authorities knew what was going on .
They knew in 1988 when Basel I was formulated by the Bank for International Settlements .
Basel , in Switzerland , is the home of the Bank for International Settlements or BIS for short .
The BIS is the central bank of 55 central banks , founded in 1930 .
Basel I was an accord that , while deeply flawed and itself leading to perverse results , called for minimum capital requirements for banks and a method of measuring the risk of the bank ’s loans and other assets .
The BIS is emblematic as a failure of central banks to handle their share of regulation of bank loans .
Experts in the area of finance and derivatives have often pointed out the shortcomings of the BIS regulations .
The BIS and central bankers knew 20 years ago , in 1988 , that derivatives needed to be regulated .
In July of that year , with the approval of the 10 major central banks , the BIS published a risk - weighting scheme .
They already knew that there were substantial off - balance - sheet items to contend with .
They already knew about counterparty risks .
Rather than regulate them directly , they devised a weighting method to measure risk .
John Hull , author of a major textbook on derivatives , criticized their scheme in 1989 .
He noted that unless the portfolio was very large , the distribution of losses could have " fat tails . "
This means that huge losses thought to be 1 - in - a- million events might actually be far more common .
He pointed out that the problem was especially acute for off - balance - sheet items where the size of the exposures was unknown .
Next , he observed that the BIS formula assumed that losses would be independent of one another , as in the case of insurance .
He wrote : " … this is likely to be untrue , " the result being that a shock would create large losses and give rise to a fat - tail phenomenon .
Finally , he observed that the possible losses or exposures were not independent of the occurrence of bankruptcies in an economy .
These tend to cluster .
Counterparties would be exposed to failure at the same time that the bank might be under pressure .
Another major textbook on derivatives by different authors discusses the 1988 BIS or Basel I standards as amended in 1996 .
These authors write : " The Amendment does not alter the main rules applying to credit risk .
There are a number of significant weaknesses to these rules . "
They mentioned that the rules did not differentiate credit risks sufficiently .
For example , Turkey with a B1 rating is weighted with no risk exposure while a AAA corporate credit receives maximum weight .
The standards require 8 % of capital against corporate risks , regardless of which ones .
This provides an incentive for banks to lend to high - yield and riskier issuers .
The BIS rules make no allowance for the maturity of the credit exposure .
They also criticized the counterparty risk weights .
David Harper ( Chartered Financial Analyst and Financial Risk Manager ) writes : " The Basel I Accord , issued in 1988 , has succeeded in raising the total level of equity capital in the system .
Like many regulations , it also pushed unintended consequences ; because it does not differentiate risks very well , it perversely encouraged risk seeking .
It also promoted the loan securitization that led to the unwinding in the subprime market . "
After years of work , the Basel II or Basel Capital Accord answered these criticisms .
It delivered a new set of standards in 2004 .
Their hallmark is complexity .
They were too late in coming .
Banks worldwide had already participated heavily in the boom leading to the current bust .
One of the clearest examples of a deregulation blunder is the Savings & Loan debacle of the 1980s .
This cost taxpayers at least $ 200 billion .
There is a large literature on the S & L failures that occurred .
One example is here .
You would think that regulators and legislators might have learned from this episode .
Think twice .
Moral hazard in the case at hand refers to the incentive of the bank ’s managers , acting mainly on behalf of the owners of equity , to make risky and low return ( ultimately bad ) loans with the bank ’s capital .
The typical balance sheet capital of the major bank consists of a low sliver of equity .
Bank of America had 8.6 % equity in 2007 .
Its deposits were 47 % of capital .
Much of these deposits are insured .
Imagine that a man has $ 8,600 of his own money in a business , and he manages to borrow another $ 91,400 to deploy in the business .
That ’s Bank of America .
Now imagine that $ 47,000 of the total is insured by the government .
No matter what he invests in , he does not have to worry about losing that $ 47,000 , other than he may end up out of business .
This man has an incentive to gamble with the money .
If he loses , he loses $ 8,600 and his job .
If he wins , the depositors do not get the winnings because deposits pay a fixed rate of interest .
He and the stockholders get all the gravy .
If he loses , most of the losses fall on the non-equity suppliers of capital .
This is moral hazard .
In commercial companies , the creditors are aware of moral hazard .
They control the managerial incentives through detailed credit agreements and bond indentures .
Lenders in unregulated markets know how to control risk .
With depository institutions with insured deposits , the depositors ( who are the creditors of the bank ) have no incentive to control the moral hazard .
It is left up to the government .
Whether or not it was recognized at the time , there is good reason why the New Deal put in bank regulation that separated banks from investment banks at the same time that it put in deposit insurance .
It helped to control moral hazard by ruling certain activities as off limits for insured banks .
When the government deregulates bank lending without simultaneously removing deposit insurance , the moral hazard increases exponentially .
The " too big to fail " doctrine amplifies the moral hazard even more .
Uninsured deposits then become quasi- insured , and managers are less likely to lose their jobs .
Raising deposit insurance limits and extending them to all types of deposits increase the moral hazard still more .
These are steps Congress recently took .
The Congress deregulated the S & L industry in 1980 and 1982 as did some states .
Within a very few years , great numbers of these thrift institutions failed and cost taxpayers billions .
By 1985 , many of these thrifts grew very rapidly by making all sorts of more risky loans .
Once an industry devoted to single - family home mortgages , overnight it became an industry that was making apartment house loans , commercial building loans , land loans , unsecured commercial loans , and consumer installment loans .
S&Ls were investing in real estate and real estate development and buying stocks .
These behaviors were most evident in those thrifts that were more susceptible to moral hazard and ultimately failed in greater numbers .
These were the stockholder - owned as opposed to the mutual thrifts , the thrifts in the more loosely regulated states ( such as Texas , California , and Florida ) , the more leveraged thrifts with lower equity , and the thrifts that had more risky loan portfolios to begin with .
Deregulation blunders are the natural accompaniment to regulation blunders .
The core problem in financial regulation is the regulation itself .
We face a very difficult problem here .
The ideas that justify financial regulation are as firmly entrenched as they are false .
President Sarkozy represents the contradictory confusions we face in high quarters and really in the thinking of many intellectuals and professionals .
Sarkozy speaks very highly of capitalism .
He even says that the crisis is not a crisis of capitalism but of a system that has distanced itself from capitalism .
On the other hand he says that " the market economy is a regulated market . "
The key question is this : Regulated by what ?
Regulated by whom ?
His answer is the State .
He looks for " a new balance between the State and the market … "
His answer is a contradiction .
The State cannot regulate without at the same time destroying that which it regulates .
My answer is this .
The State has had its long day in the sun .
Its modern and powerful form has had its say for 100 years .
That ’s long enough .
We have witnessed the horrible results .
We know why the State does so badly .
We know that it can not help but do badly .
Power induces the State to abandon both the Rule of Law and its basic mission of protecting rights .
The more that the State has abandoned the Rule of Law and the protection of fundamental rights , the worse off we have become .
The State is nothing more than an instrument that works against Rule of Law and protection of rights .
Sarkozy does not recognize this fact , even though it is staring him in the face .
Instead , he ardently worries about the remuneration of executives .
And he worries about scapegoats : " We have to find out where the blame lies and those responsible for this collapse must at least pay some financial penalty . "
Is it not obvious that the system of financial regulation and deregulation , administered by government , has failed in its most basic task ?
It has failed to control the lending activities of the banks whose deposits it insures .
It has failed to control the moral hazard that it has created with its own deposit insurance .
The Best of Michael S. Rozeff
NUNEATON , England , April 8 ( UPI ) --
The owner of a wildlife sanctuary in Nuneaton , England , says a young parrot has been teaching foul language to its avian brethren .
Geoff Grewcock , owner of the Warwickshire Wildlife Sanctuary , said 7 - year - old macaw Barney apparently learned his profane vocabulary from a previous owner and has been teaching the naughty words to other talking birds , The Daily Mail reported Tuesday .
Advertisement
" I knew that Barney could swear but what has happened is shocking , " Grewcock said .
" He 's been teaching the other two when we had our backs turned .
It sounds like a builders ' yard , with all the abuse flying about . "
" We have got another African Grey called Sunny who squawks ' shut up ' at them when the swearing starts -- but they do n't take any notice , " he said .
Grewcock said workers at the sanctuary have tried to curb Barney 's bad linguistic habits , but to no avail .
" We have tried everything to get Barney to curb his language and now we have got another two to contend with , " he said .
" These birds can live until they are 70 so there are potentially another 60 years of this to contend with . "
Jeff asks :
Recently my
girlfriend and I have become more sexually active .
We ’ve agreed not to
have intercourse , but to do everything else .
Along with our discussions
came the issue of masturbation .
We both do it , but she never achieves
orgasm through it .
She hates that I do it , although I ’ve explained it
is natural and healthy for guys and does not affect anything we do and
does not make her less important .
I do not know really how to approach
the issue to make her feel better .
Heather replies :
Masturbation
is natural and in no way unhealthy for men or women if and when it is what
someone wants for themselves .
It ’s also not something that ’s just okay
or healthy for guys , or more healthy or okay for men than for women .
It ’s something that the majority of both men and women do and report they feel it benefits them and their sexuality .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Does absolutely everyone masturbate ?
No .
Some men do n’t , some women
do n’t .
Though many people do reach orgasm through masturbation , not
everyone reaches orgasm from masturbation ( or sex with a partner ) , all
or some of the time .
And it will sometimes take some people longer to
get to that point with their masturbation or with a partner than it
will for others .
I hear your girlfriend carrying around a big double - standard here :
it can be okay for her to do it , but not you .
Even if she was n’t okay
with it for herself , that still would n’t make it okay for her to dump
on your masturbation based on what she likes or does n’t for herself .
Just because you enjoy it more than she does , or reach orgasm from
it when she does n’t does not somehow make your masturbation
intrinsically different than hers .
You ’re both doing the same thing :
she just has n’t come yet .
That ’s the only difference I can see based on
what you ’ve told me .
I do not think anyone should feel , or be made to feel , guilty about
masturbation .
It ’s something even infants or toddlers often do — even
though infant and child sexuality is a very different thing than teen
or adult sexuality — and is no less about primarily comforting and
relaxing ourselves than taking a long bath , getting a massage or having
a cup of hot cocoa is .
If you love yourself , you do n’t withhold love
from a partner because of self - love .
In fact , having a strong love for
yourself better enables you to love others and to do so more fully .
I’d
say the same about masturbation .
What I ’d suggest in talking to her about this is starting by addressing that sex with a partner is us sharing
our sexuality — a sexuality we possess with or without a partner —
not something we are giving a partner full ownership of .
If she just
full - stop owned your sexuality , that ’d be a lot less meaningful than
you willingly choosing to share it with her .
If she ’s seeking to try
and control what you do , all by yourself and with no one else , with
your body , that ’s just plain out of bounds and unhealthy .
As well , if
the sex you were having with her was driven by when you just needed to
get your ya - yas out ( which is more what masturbation is for ) , rather
than when you wanted to create a unique and shared experience of
pleasure and bonding , and only when you BOTH wanted to do that
together , your sexual life together would not likely be as good as it
could be .
You do n’t withhold anything from her by masturbating : you
bring you to her when you have sex together , and not masturbating
would n’t somehow result in you having more of you available .
What is it she " hates " about masturbation or your masturbation ?
What
makes yours seem different to her than hers does ?
Might she be
projecting something unto your masturbation because she is n’t enjoying
hers or reaching orgasm through hers ?
If and when she does reach orgasm
on her own with masturbation , does she think she ’ll feel the same way ,
or that she might feel differently ?
( Is she reaching orgasm with you ?
If not , you might want to ask if that has anything to do with this ,
too . )
What does she feel like her attitudes about her own masturbation
are ?
How did she grow up thinking about masturbation ?
How about her
attitudes about male sexuality in general ?
How does she rectify this
double - standard ?
How does she think you masturbating or not
masturbating does or does n’t impact the sex you have together ?
These
are all the kinds of questions I ’d ask her to try and both better
understand how she feels , and for her to feel heard .
They should also
help her clarify what she ’s thinking and identify flaws or logical
flaws in the way she ’s thinking .
But honestly , whatever is going on , since the overwhelming majority
of people masturbate , she ’s very unlikely to have any partner in her
life who does n’t masturbate , so she will very likely need to find a way
to accept masturbation as something her partners will all probably do .
Most frequently , if we feel sexual desire for others and have a sexual
life with others , we ’re going to also have sexual feelings independent
of other people too , and a solo sex life of our own .
Until she gets to that point — and not knowing what her issues
really are or where they ’re coming from , I ca n’t say if that will take
months or years — it ’s fair to ask her to stop endlessly voicing how
much she hates your masturbation to you .
Through all of your talks
about this , I would be very clear that if you two are going to have an
intimate relationship , she will need to find a way to accept and be
okay with you masturbating in time , and that when she talks to you
about masturbation , she needs to do so respectfully and without putting
you down .
Not only is it going to be pretty hard to feel healthy
sexually with someone saying those kinds of things and having that
attitude , it ’s bound to just be negative for you period , and to leave
you feeling pretty lousy about yourself , even if you know , in your
guts , that masturbation is common , healthy and okay .
When we have a sexual partner , even if they do n’t share desires we
have , so long as they are not pressuring or forcing us to participate
in them themselves , or are breaking rules we agreed to when it comes to
the model our relationship has , it ’s important we not insult or diss
those independent desires .
In fact , if she ’s worried about you holding
back with her sexually , that ’s much more likely to happen based on your
being made to feel bad about your sexuality by her than it is because
of your own masturbation .
Most importantly , being put down by a partner
about anything , is n’t healthy : it ’s abusive .
That last statement given , I also just want to check in with you and
make sure that outside of this issue , your relationship is healthy and
beneficial for you .
While something else could be going on entirely ,
put - downs , double - standards or seeking control of a partner ’s solo
sexuality are two things that can be signals of emotionally abusive
behavior .
Is this kind of dynamic something you find in other areas of
your relationship ?
If not , and you can work this lone matter out
together peaceably , then it ’s probably all good : heck , if you can work
this out , your relationship is probably only going to get a lot better .
But if you are seeing other things with this kind of dynamic in them ,
I ’d be sure this is a relationship that is healthy for you , and one
where you are accepted , respected , loved and cared for .
I ’ll part by saying that if there just is no rectifying this issue ,
and she just wo n’t let it go , I hope you know it would be
understandable ( and perhaps even advisable ) to exempt yourself from the
relationship — or at least from a sexual relationship — on this basis
alone .
As I said , it ’s really hard , if not impossible , to have a
healthy sexual relationship with someone who is being very negative or
dismissive of an intrinsic aspect of our sexuality .
You , like anyone
else , deserve a sexual partnership where a partner leaves you feeling
good about yourself sexually , and accepts and respects for your
sexuality , even when it ’s different than their sexuality .
Here are a few links for you , some of which you might also want to share with her :
NEW YORK ( CNN ) -- Spiritual leaders of New York 's African - American Muslim communities lashed out Friday at a purported al Qaeda message attacking President - elect Barack Obama and , using racist language , comparing him unfavorably to the late Malcolm X .
Ayman al - Zawahiri said Obama was the " direct opposite of honorable black Americans " like Malcolm X .
The imams called the recorded comments from al Qaeda second - in - command Ayman al - Zawahiri " an insult " from people who have " historically been disconnected from the African - American community generally and Muslim African - Americans in particular . "
" We find it insulting when anyone speaks for our community instead of giving us the dignity and the honor of speaking for ourselves , " they said in a statement read during a news conference at the Malcolm X and Dr. Betty Shabazz Memorial , Educational and Cultural Center .
The al Qaeda statement , an 11 - minute , 23 - second audio message in Arabic with subtitles in English , appeared on the Internet on Wednesday .
Its authenticity has not been confirmed .
The message said Obama represents the " direct opposite of honorable black Americans " like Malcolm X. Watch al Qaeda official criticize Obama »
The speaker also said Obama , former and current Secretaries of State Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice and " your likes " fit Malcolm X's description of " house slaves . "
An English translation of the message used the term " house Negroes , " Malcolm X's term for blacks who were subservient to whites .
The term refers to slaves who worked in white masters ' houses .
Malcolm
X said those slaves were docile compared with those who labored in the fields .
iReport.com : Should Obama react to comments ?
Do n't Miss Al Qaeda leader mocks Obama in Web posting
Malcolm X , the fiery African - American Muslim activist from the 1950s and 1960s , was an early member and leader of the Nation of Islam .
He left that group in 1963 over disillusionment with its then - leader , Elijah Muhammed , but remained a Muslim .
After months of death threats , he was assassinated in 1965 by members of the Nation of Islam , who shot him 16 times at close range .
The three men who were convicted of the crime have been paroled .
On Friday , Imam Al - Hajj Talib ' Abdur - Rashid , recalling Malcolm X's legacy , said that he " stood for human rights and the principle of self defense ... international law .
He would have rejected , and we who are Muslim African - Americans leaders reject , acts of political extremism . "
The Council on American - Islamic Relations also condemned Zawahiri 's comments in a statement issued Thursday .
" As Muslims and as Americans , we will never let terrorist groups or terror leaders falsely claim to represent us or our faith , " the statement said .
" We once again repudiate al Qaeda 's actions , rhetoric and world view and re-state our condemnation of all forms of terrorism and religious extremism . "
All About Barack Obama • Malcolm X • Ayman al - Zawahiri
Iran 's revolutionary guards ratcheted up the war of nerves with Israel yesterday by claiming to have broken a spy network run by Mossad , the Israeli espionage agency .
The guards ' commander - in- chief , Muhammad Ali Jafari , said they had arrested Israeli - trained agents and seized hi-tech communications equipment .
Two days ago , Iran announced it had hanged a businessman who allegedly admitted spying for Israel .
Jafari said the latest group arrested had confessed to having been trained in Israel to carry out assassinations and bombings .
He did not specify how many people had been held .
But he told the semi-official news agency Mehr that the group had sought information about the revolutionary guards , military intelligence officials and Iran 's nuclear programme , which Israel and the west fear is designed to produce an atomic bomb .
Mossad had provided money to buy cars and equipment , said Jafari .
" The arrested people confessed that they have been specially trained in Israel for bombings and assassinations . "
Iran routinely accuses Israel and the US of spying against it , but yesterday 's allegation was the latest in a string of such claims in recent days .
Ali Ashtari , 45 , whose execution was announced on Saturday , was the manager of a company selling communication and security equipment to the Iranian government .
The Iranian authorities said he had admitted during a trial last June to spying for Mossad for three years .
They claimed he had been recruited to intercept the communications of officials working on military operations and the nuclear programme .
Israel has denied the claims .
Similar allegations have also been made against a prominent Iranian blogger , Hossein Derakhshan .
Jahan News , a website close to Iran 's intelligence services , reported that he had been arrested last week .
Jahan said Derakhshan had confessed in custody to spying for Israel .
When you start playing with LINQ queries over sequences of elements ( e.g. getting min / max value for enumerable source ) sooner or later you will come across this one -- the InvalidOperationException ( “ Sequence contains no elements ” ) .
The problem occurs as by default queries like IEnumerable < T >. Min(… ) and IEnumerable < T >. Max (… ) do not play nicely if you try to execute them on an empty sequence and just throw the exception described above .
Unfortunately these methods do not have a corresponding counterpart like Single ( … ) / SingleOrDefault (… ) that is smart enough to query the sequence if it is not empty or alternatively use the default value without raising an exception .
Basically you got two options now :
Either perform the check on the enumerable sequence every time you are querying it
OR integrate the logic in an extension method .
The second approach is much preferable so let ’s add the missing link below :
namespace ExtensionMethods
{
using System ;
using System .
Collections .
Generic ;
using System .
Linq ;
public static class IEnumerableExtensions
{
/// < summary >
/// Invokes a transform function on each element of a sequence and returns the minimum Double value
/// if the sequence is not empty ; otherwise returns the specified default value .
/// </summary >
/// < typeparam name = " TSource " >
The type of the elements of source .</typeparam >
/// < param name = " source " >
A sequence of values to determine the minimum value of .</ param >
/// < param name = " selector " >
A transform function to apply to each element .</ param >
/// < param name =" defaultValue " >
The default value .</ param >
/// < returns >
The minimum value in the sequence or default value if sequence is empty .</ returns >
public static double MinOrDefault < TSource >( this IEnumerable < TSource > source , Func < TSource , double > selector , double defaultValue )
{
if ( source .
Any < TSource >( ) )
return source .
Min<TSource >( selector ) ;
return defaultValue ;
}
/// < summary >
/// Invokes a transform function on each element of a sequence and returns the maximum Double value
/// if the sequence is not empty ; otherwise returns the specified default value .
/// </summary >
/// < typeparam name = " TSource " >
The type of the elements of source .</typeparam >
/// < param name = " source " >
A sequence of values to determine the maximum value of .</ param >
/// < param name = " selector " >
A transform function to apply to each element .</ param >
/// < param name =" defaultValue " >
The default value .</ param >
/// < returns >
The maximum value in the sequence or default value if sequence is empty .</ returns >
public static double MaxOrDefault < TSource >( this IEnumerable < TSource > source , Func < TSource , double > selector , double defaultValue )
{
if ( source .
Any < TSource >( ) )
return source .
Max < TSource >( selector ) ;
return defaultValue ;
}
}
}
Now you only need to add the using ExtensionMethods ; directive in your project and you are all set :
Hope this helps .
Pennsylvania :
RCP 's poll of polls shows a small tightening in the last few days .
But Obama 's average lead is at 11.4 .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
WITH a seven - point lead in the polls a few days before voting , the race for America 's presidency is now Barack Obama 's to lose .
John McCain , meanwhile , claims that the polls are inaccurate and that his opponent 's lead is much narrower .
Gallup polls taken since 1952 suggest that the candidate leading with around week to go is usually victorious , albeit by a smaller margin in actual votes .
But the inaccuracy of polls ( or perhaps the fickleness of voters ) was demonstrated most startlingly in 1980 , when a lead for Jimmy Carter turned into a thumping victory for Ronald Reagan , perhaps thanks to the televised debate that took place after the opinion poll .
In 2000 , George Bush 's lead evaporated and he scraped into office despite winning fewer votes than Al Gore .
AP
( CNN ) -- Registration and absentee ballot issues topped last - minute concerns among voters in the days before Tuesday 's presidential election , with one analyst predicting previous flashpoints may cause headaches again this year .
Of the more than 10,000 problems reported to CNN's Voter Hotline so far , the most complaints -- about 1,400 -- come from Florida .
In nearly 8 percent of those complaints , callers said they had not received their voter registration cards , and about 15 percent said they had yet to receive the absentee ballots they requested .
Similar patterns were seen among callers nationwide .
Paul Gronke , a political scientist at Oregon 's Reed College , said Florida , Ohio and New Mexico -- which also had a long count in 2004 -- are likely to be " trouble spots " again .
Colorado and New Jersey , which Gronke said loosened early voting rules this year , could see more problems this year .
" You 've generally got to be a little concerned about counting in states with last - minute absentee voting , " Gronke said .
He said Republicans and Democrats have been asking him questions about standards for absentee balloting , " which strikes me as an early - warning indicator . "
From Cleveland , Ohio , Karen Terrance told CNN that she had not received her registration card despite calls to her local election board .
" I was born and raised here , " Terrance said .
" I do n't understand why I 'm not getting any communication .
So I hope next year and years after , I wo n't have that problem . "
Long lines at early voting stations were another top concern among Floridians , with more than 10 percent reporting lines that were too long .
Watch who 's being affected by long lines and voter problems »
More than 4.4 million Floridians have already cast ballots in the election , according to the state Division of Elections -- about 40 percent of the 11 million voters on the rolls .
Florida was the scene of a bruising recount that settled the 2000 election , and it is a closely watched battleground state in this year 's race between Democratic candidate Barack Obama and Republican nominee John McCain .
Both parties are already in court , battling over potential voter challenges Tuesday .
CNN Voter Hot Line
If you have a problem voting or see a problem , call the CNN Voter Hot Line at 877- GOCNN08 ( 877-462-6608 ) ; CNN will report on some of your calls , and our partner InfoVoter Technologies can help get you in touch with your election board or find your voting location .
A lawsuit that Democrats filed to stop Florida Republicans from using foreclosure lists and mailing lists to challenge potential voters was suspended Monday at the start of a hearing .
Democrats told judges that the GOP has agreed not to use those lists .
In court papers , the state and national Republican parties dismissed the complaint as a " nonexistent threat . "
Peter Davey , the Tallahassee judge assigned to hear the case , agreed to suspend the hearing but said he would go ahead with it if problems arose .
In Virginia , McCain 's campaign asked a federal judge Monday to order state election officials to count late - arriving absentee ballots from U.S. troops overseas .
The suit requests that ballots mailed by Tuesday and arriving as late as November 14 be tallied in Virginia , where McCain has trailed Obama in recent polls .
Meanwhile , a judge denied a request by the NAACP to order the state to reallocate voting machines and extend poll hours Tuesday .
Attorneys for the group said they would decide Monday night whether to appeal the ruling .
Virginia state police said they will not bring charges against a man who printed up a bogus flier that instructed Obama supporters to go to the polls Wednesday instead of Tuesday .
Nancy Rodriguez , secretary of the State Board of Elections , called the flier " a joke that got out of control . "
In Indiana , where early voting ended at noon Monday , Purdue University student Iqbal Siddique said he was told he listed his address incorrectly when he filled out his registration form .
" I called my voting election center in Tippecanoe , and they said I can't vote or I have to do a provisional ballot because my address was wrong , " said Siddique , a first - time voter .
Early voting has drawn long lines around the country .
In Ohio , another battleground state , voters lined up well in advance of Monday 's 8 a.m. opening time in heavily Democratic Columbus , and Sunday 's lines took up to seven hours to navigate .
CNN will be tracking voter problems through Election Day .
CNN 's partner , InfoVoter Technologies , has also transferred more than 16,000 callers to their local election officials so they can get answers to their problems .
CNN 's Mary Snow and Sean Callebs contributed to this report .
All About Elections and Voting • Voting Methods • Democratic Party • Republican Party
Read more Gas Pains coverage : Destination : 35 MPG
Quickie quiz :
True or false ?
A. Lukewarm water freezes more quickly than cold water .
B. Penguins inhabit the North Pole .
C. Noodles were invented in Italy .
Fooled you on at least one , right ?
All of the statements are false even if they sound as though they could be true .
There are a lot of popular conceptions — and misconceptions — about fuel economy as well .
Some of them involve common sense , such as keeping your tires properly inflated , whereas others are myths that people accept as the truth .
Because fuel efficiency is the new cause célèbre in the automotive world , we decided to test a few fuel - saving and / or fuel - sapping situations to see just how much of a difference these tactics can make .
Our test scenario was to drive around a 2.5 - mile oval at steady speeds ( 35 , 55 , and 75 mph ) and measure fuel economy from the vehicle ’s OBD II data port .
We repeated the circuits under a variety of conditions ( cargo added , windows down , etc. ) and compared the results .
Each test involved just one vehicle , so the numbers you see here are n’t exactly cast in stone .
But our findings do give us a good idea about the degree of effect that each situation has on fuel economy — the results may vary for different types of vehicles , but the general trends should be similar .
Read more Gas Pains coverage : Destination : 35 MPG
We wanted to determine which is a greater detriment to fuel economy : driving with the windows down or driving with the air conditioner on .
The results of this test were surprising .
We figured that the fuel economy of a modern car would suffer more from the extra aerodynamic drag that comes from driving with a vehicle ’s windows open than by the additional load on the engine from running the A/C compressor .
View Photos TOM COSGROVE
With the sedan we tested , that was n’t the case at all .
If you buy into global warming being caused by humans and think that melting ice caps will be detrimental to the habitat of arctic wildlife , then insisting on frosty comfort in the cabin of your car will kill far more baby seals than does rolling down the windows .
View Photos TOM COSGROVE
The losses caused by running the A/C decrease at higher speeds because the engine produces more power as revs increase , reducing the burden on the engine of running accessories such as the compressor .
Driving with an open sunroof and closed windows is also wasteful , although not as much as windows - open mode .
And while driving with the windows down is more fuel efficient than running the A/C , you could lose an arm hanging it outside of the car like that .
TOM COSGROVE
Read more Gas Pains coverage : Destination : 35 MPG
We went in search of an expert opinion on this one .
According to Paul Williamsen , the product education manager at Toyota , “ All contemporary Toyota and Lexus vehicles ( and every other car built since the 1990s that I ’ve looked at ) can detect the condition when engine revs are higher than idle with a fully closed throttle :
Under these conditions , all current to the fuel injectors is stopped , and no fuel is injected . ”
That means if your foot is off the gas while the car ’s in gear , you ’re not using any fuel .
Tom Read , GM ’s powertrain spokesman , agrees : “ Shifting into neutral in an automatic will cancel fuel cutoff .
Thus , it is better to remain in gear and let the drive wheels pull the engine airflow down to where fuel cutoff can be enabled or where fuel flow is minimized . ”
Case closed , we ’d say .
Plus , shifting into neutral takes away the driver ’s ability to accelerate instantly in a sudden emergency .
Read more Gas Pains coverage : Destination : 35 MPG
You might think that a cargo - ready car such as the Subaru Forester we tested would n’t notice a little extra weight in the back , but pretty much any vehicle burns more fuel with cargo on board .
It ’s seemingly common sense , but some people just wo n’t accept that when there ’s more weight in the car , the engine has to do more work .
So if you just have n’t gotten around to removing those two 50 - pound bags of potting soil , do it now .
TOM COSGROVE
Read more Gas Pains coverage : Destination : 35 MPG
Chances are you already know this , and maybe you even think it ’s an important component of a national energy policy .
Underinflated tires increase rolling resistance , which makes the engine work harder to propel the vehicle .
Plus , the extra resistance generates more heat , which can cause the tires to degrade more rapidly .
And while a manufacturer ’s recommended inflation pressure is a good thing , adding more air improves fuel economy , but not to the degree that you lose mpg going the other way .
Overinflating tires makes them roll more easily , but it will stiffen the ride , decrease handling and braking performance , and could result in uneven tire wear .
View Photos TOM COSGROVE
If you ’re going to add more pressure than recommended to your tires , do it carefully .
Kurt Berger , consumer products manager at Bridgestone / Firestone , says “ If one wants to experiment with slightly higher than recommended pressures , we would advise doing it incrementally and within a limited range , carefully Â­noting any negative performance characteristics that may occur as a result .
In any case , never exceed the maximum inflation pressure listed on the sidewall of the tire . ”
View Photos TOM COSGROVE
TOM COSGROVE
Read more Gas Pains coverage : Destination : 35 MPG
Any protuberance on a vehicle ’s roof , be it a cargo carrier , a kayak , a bicycle , a mattress , or large road kill , will add to the vehicle ’s wind resistance .
What ’s surprising is just how much difference the crossbars between the roof rails make , even with a wind deflector .
So if you ’re not using that roof rack on a long trip , get it off .
View Photos TOM COSGROVE
TOM COSGROVE
Read more Gas Pains coverage : Destination : 35 MPG
Turning off the engine in a conventional , nonhybrid vehicle will save gas , but it ’s only worth it if you ’ll be stopped for a while .
We went back to the experts for this .
GM ’s Read says , “ If used repeatedly , the engine system must be designed for this .
Practically , we would not recommend doing this at every stoplight , however , because the savings are small unless you will be sitting for more than one or two minutes , and you put extra wear and tear on your starting system if you [ switch on and off ] too often .
Waiting for a train or in a drive - through are great examples where it makes sense to shut off your engine .
Hybrid systems in the new Malibu and Tahoe hybrids shut off their engines automatically and are designed to handle the extra stop - start cycles . ”
According to Toyota ’s Williamsen , “ Cranking a hot engine to start is among the more stressful things we ask it to do because during cranking , the oil pump generally cannot produce much pressure . ”
He says there ’s an extra safety risk , depending on where and why you ’re stopped , to turning off the engine : “ There will be no way to dehumidify interior air to defog the windshield for visibility , and the headlight and marker lights may go out if the driver has been relying on new ‘ smart ’ daytime running lights rather than having manually turned on an old - fashioned ‘ dumb ’ light switch .
In addition , the driver ca n’t immediately command the car to roll forward in the case of some other driver ’s error .
For these reasons , we do not recommend this , except in cars that have been specifically designed to overcome these issues , such as Toyota or Lexus hybrids , for example . ”
So there you go .
And in case our experts have you confused , other manufacturers make hybrid vehicles as well that safely shut off the engine at a stop .
Read more Gas Pains coverage : Destination : 35 MPG
At lower speeds , the added wind resistance from the turbulence created by an open roof is n’t that great , so there ’s not much penalty for insisting on the rolling tanning booth .
Wind resistance increases by the square of increasing speed , though , so it gets much worse the faster you go .
Our test car was a BMW M Roadster , which has just two seats and a smaller opening for the cabin than found on larger convertibles , so the loss in fuel economy could be worse for four - seat droptops .
When the top is down , you ’ll get slightly better fuel economy with the windows up , but not enough to make up for you looking like a total doofus .
View Photos TOM COSGROVE
TOM COSGROVE
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Sarah is a zealot , but she ’s a fun zealot .
She has a beehive and sexy shoes , and the day she ’s named she goes shopping with McCain in Ohio for a cheerleader outfit for her daughter .
As she once told Vogue , she ’s learned the hard way to deal with press comments about her looks .
“ I wish they ’d stick with the issues instead of discussing my black go - go boots , ” she said .
“ A reporter once asked me about it during the campaign , and I assured him I was trying to be as frumpy as I could by wearing my hair on top of my head and these schoolmarm glasses . ”
This chick flick , naturally , features a wild stroke of fate , when the two - year governor of an oversized igloo becomes commander in chief after the president - elect chokes on a pretzel on day one .
The movie ends with the former beauty queen shaking out her pinned - up hair , taking off her glasses , slipping on ruby red peep - toe platform heels that reveal a pink French - style pedicure , and facing down Vladimir Putin in an island in the Bering Strait .
Putting away her breast pump , she points her rifle and informs him frostily that she has some expertise in Russia because it ’s close to Alaska .
“ Back off , Commie dude , ” she says .
“ I ’m a much better shot than Cheney . ”
Then she takes off in her seaplane and lands on the White House lawn , near the new ice fishing hole and hockey rink .
The “ First Dude , ” as she calls the hunky Eskimo in the East Wing , waits on his snowmobile with the kids 
Track ( named after high school track meets ) , Bristol ( after Bristol Bay where they did commercial fishing ) , Willow ( after a community in Alaska ) , Piper ( just a cool name ) and Trig ( Norse for “ strength . ” )
“ The P.T.A. is great preparation for dealing with the K.G.B. , ” President Palin murmurs to Todd , as they kiss in the final scene while she changes Trig ’s diaper .
“ Now that Georgia ’s safe , how ’ bout I cook you up some caribou hot dogs and moose stew for dinner , babe ? ”
ED #105 : The Latest Microsoft Windows 7 Roadmap
As the Windows 7 GA ( General Availability ) date approaches , Microsoft is releasing regular updates to OEMs on the Windows 7 operating system .
Here is their latest update .
We may receive internal updates now and then .
Be sure to check back often !
Update @ November 28 : Microsoft has delayed the scheduled update on the Windows 7 program from November 13 till the first week of December , 2008 .
Tentatively , the target date is December 1 .
So be sure to watch out for an update then !
Update @ December 9 : Microsoft has delayed the scheduled update on the Windows 7 program yet again , this time from the first week of December , 2008 to the second week .
Tentatively , the target date is December 12 .
So be sure to watch out for an update then !
Update @ December 9 : We received updates on the Windows 7 SKU plan , Windows Anytime Upgrade ( WAU ) program , the Windows 7 Technical Guarantee Program and Windows Live .
Take a look at the updates !
Update @ February 5 : We received updates on the Windows 7 SKU plan , launch schedule and the Windows Live program .
Take a look at the updates !
Update @ February 12 : We updated the Windows 7 Launch Schedule and Tech Guarantee Program sections with additional information .
Take a look !
Update @ February 25 : We updated the Windows 7 Launch Schedule and Tech Guarantee Program sections with new information .
We also added a new Improved Windows Experience Index section .
Take a look !
Update @ April 25 : We updated the Windows 7 Launch Schedule with the confirmed release date and details of the Windows 7 Release Candidate ( RC ) build .
Check it out !
Update @ May 5 : We updated the Windows 7 Launch Schedule with the rough launch date for Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 Release 2 .
We also posted a report on Microsoft 's plans to do away with the 8 language waves and release all languages within 4 weeks .
Check it out !
Update @ May 20 : We updated the Windows 7 Launch Schedule with news of an OEM operational readiness meeting with Microsoft regarding the launch of Windows 7 .
Update @ June 3 : We updated the Windows 7 Launch Schedule with the final Windows 7 General Availability date , as well as other updates to the Windows 7 release schedule and language waves .
We also revamped the entire article with additional links to more detailed Windows 7 articles .
Update @ June 19 : We updated the Windows 7 Launch Schedule with the latest compressed release schedule and revised language waves for Windows 7 .
Update @ June 27 : We updated the Windows 7 Launch Schedule with the latest RTM date for Windows 7 and improved the language wave release schedule for Windows 7 .
Latest Update @ July 9 : We posted an update on rumours of Microsoft slipping on the RTM of Windows 7 .
Latest Update @ July 9 : We posted details of the actual RTM date and build of Microsoft Windows 7 .
Windows 7 SKU Details
Microsoft has finally finished product research based on feedback from OEM and end users , and have already finalized their SKU strategy .
Take a look at our February 5 update .
Update @ November 25 : Our confidential source says that Microsoft has dropped the Business SKU for Windows 7 .
It will be replaced by Windows 7 Professional , which will also come with Windows Media Center .
Update @ December 15 : Microsoft has further delayed announcement of the SKUs , citing delays in " internal efforts to complete and review product research " .
They now plan to reveal their final SKU plan to OEM partners ( not the public ) on January 8 , 2009 .
Update @ February 5 : Microsoft has finally revealed their final SKU strategy to their OEM partners .
We were able to some information on that and have posted them here .
Note :
All future updates regarding Windows 7 SKUs and hardware requirements will be posted in The Microsoft Windows 7 SKU Strategy Revealed article .
Support Tech ARP !
If you like our work , you can help support out work by visiting our sponsors , participate in the Tech ARP Forums , or even donate to our fund .
Any help you can render is greatly appreciated !
While the rest of the pundits opine about the meaning and implications of Sarah Palin ’s ascension from small town mayor to prospective vice president  and whether or not her daughter ’s private life is fair game for any media outlet other than the National Enquirer  those of us whose job it is to stand watch on the ramparts and report the real news are wondering when  not if  the War Party will pull a rabbit out of the proverbial hat .
For months , I ’ve been warning in this space that an American attack on Iran is imminent , and now I see that the Dutch have reason to agree with my assessment .
Their intelligence service reportedly has pulled out of a covert operation inside Iran on the grounds that a U.S. strike is right around the corner  in " a matter of weeks , " according to De Telegraaf , a Dutch newspaper .
As the story goes , the Dutch had infiltrated the purported Iranian weapons project and were firmly ensconced when they got word that the Americans are about to launch a missile attack on Iranian nuclear facilities .
They wisely decided to close down the operation and pull out .
Remember , the Israelis have been threatening to strike on their own for months : what ’s changed is that now , apparently , the U.S. has caved in to what is a blatant case of blackmail and has agreed to do the job for them .
We have n’t heard much about Iran lately , at least compared to the scare headlines of a few months ago , when rumors of war were swirling fast and furious .
The Russian " threat " seems to have replaced the Iranian " threat " as the War Party ’s bogeyman of choice .
What we did n’t know , however , is that the two focal points are intimately related .
According to this report by veteran Washington Times correspondent Arnaud de Borchgrave , the close cooperation of the Israelis with the Georgian military in the run-up to President Saakashvili ’s blitz of South Ossetia was predicated on a Georgian promise to let the Israelis use Georgia ’s airfields to mount a strike against Iran .
The main problem for Tel Aviv , in making its threats against Iran at all credible , has been the distance to be covered by Israeli fighter jets , which would have a hard time reaching and returning from their targets without refueling .
With access to the airfields of " the Israel of the Caucasus , " as de Borchgrave  citing Saakashvili  puts it , the likelihood of an Israeli attack entered the world of real possibilities .
De Borchgrave avers :
" In a secret agreement between Israel and Georgia , two military airfields in southern Georgia had been earmarked for the use of Israeli fighter - bombers in the event of pre-emptive attacks against Iranian nuclear installations .
This would sharply reduce the distance Israeli fighter - bombers would have to fly to hit targets in Iran .
And to reach Georgian airstrips , the Israeli air force would fly over Turkey .
" The attack ordered by Saakashvili against South Ossetia the night of Aug. 7 provided the Russians the pretext for Moscow to order Special Forces to raid these Israeli facilities where some Israeli drones were reported captured . "
Reports of anywhere from 100 to 1,000 Israeli " advisers " in Georgia do not bode well for the situation on the ground .
With the Israelis already installed in that country , the logistics of carrying out such a sneak attack are greatly simplified .
Israeli pilots would only have to fly over Azerbaijan , and they ’d be in Iranian airspace  and within striking distance of Tehran .
Faced with this fait accompli  if the Dutch are to be believed  the Americans seem to have capitulated .
In which case , we do n’t have much time .
Although de Borchgrave writes " whether the IAF can still count on those air bases to launch bombing missions against Iran ’s nuke facilities is now in doubt , " I do n’t see why the defeat of the Georgians in Saakashvili ’s war on the Ossetians has to mean the plan to strike Iran via Georgia has been canceled .
Indeed , reading de Borchgrave ’s riveting account of the extent of the Tel Aviv - Tbilisi collaboration , one finds additional reasons for all concerned to go ahead with it :
" Saakashvili was convinced that by sending 2,000 of his soldiers to serve in Iraq ( who were immediately flown home by the United States when Russia launched a massive counterattack into Georgia ) , he would be rewarded for his loyalty .
He could not believe President Bush , a personal friend , would leave him in the lurch .
Georgia , as Saakashvili saw his country ’s role , was the ‘ Israel of the Caucasus . ’ "
Saakashvili , a vain and reckless man , now has even more reason to go behind Uncle Sam ’s back and give the Israelis a clear shot at Tehran .
With this sword of Damocles hanging over the heads of the Americans , the rationale for a more limited , shot - across - the - bow strike by the U.S. becomes all too clear .
After all , if the Israelis attacked , the entire Muslim world would unite behind the Iranians .
If , on the other had , the U.S. did Israel ’s dirty work , with Tel Aviv lurking in the background , it would conceivably be far less provocative , and might even generate sub rosa support among the Sunni rulers of America ’s Arab allies .
It ’s going to happen anyway , goes the rationale , and so we might as well do it the right way , rather than leave it to the Israelis , who have threatened  via " independent " commentators like Israeli historian and super hawk Benny Morris  to use nuclear weapons on Iran ’s population centers .
In terms of American domestic politics , the road to war with Tehran was paved long ago : both major parties and their presidential candidates have given the War Party a green light to strike Tehran , McCain explicitly and Obama tacitly , albeit no less firmly .
The stage is set , rehearsals are over , and the actors know their lines : as the curtain goes up on the first act of " World War III , " take a deep breath and pray to the gods that this deadly drama is aborted .
Work with an AR platform you can trust
Wikitude has been empowering businesses with innovative AR technology since 2008 and is well - known for its reliable products , transparent pricing , market stability , and reachable staff .
For some reason , Ted Goessling and Zach Gens think that creating a French fries machine using a potato gun-a compressed - air bazooka that fires potatoes - , a wire screen , and a large pot with hot oil is a good idea .
I do n't agree .
I think their instant French fries maker - or Uber Tube , as they call it - kicks some serious Mr. Potato ass .
Now I challenge them to make them curly .
[ Makezine ]
Advertisement
This has allowed them to extend their area of operations deep into the Indian Ocean .
Once , they were only a coastal threat and large vessels could avoid them simply by remaining out to sea .
The capture of the Sirius Star some 450 miles east of Mombasa shows that Somalia 's pirates have dramatically improved their capabilities and extended their reach .
LANDOVER , Md. ( AP ) 
The New York Giants have shoved every distraction aside , including a shooting incident involving their star receiver , to become as dominant as , say , a Chicago Bulls team with Michael Jordan .
Perhaps that 's no coincidence .
BURRESS LAWYER : Plax will face weapons charge Monday
KEYSHAWN JOHNSON : Half of NFL players carry guns
NEXT FOR PLAX ?
His Giants ' days could be over
At one of the first meetings of training camp , coach Tom Coughlin discussed the 1991 - 92 Bulls as a team for the Giants to emulate in the bid to repeat as Super Bowl champions .
That was the first season that MJ won a back - to - back , and the Giants remained solidly on pace to keep up with His Airness after Sunday 's 23 - 7 victory over the Washington Redskins .
BOX SCORE : Giants 23 , Redskins 7
" That really kind of set our whole season going and focused in the right direction , " receiver Amani Toomer said .
" And we 've been answering every call ever since . "
Added defensive end Justin Tuck : " Maybe everybody wants to have something to do with Michael Jordan . "
Jordan would certainly approve of the 11 - 1 record , as well as the way the Giants are n't letting anything — on or off the field — get in the way .
Two days after Plaxico Burress accidentally shot himself at a Manhattan nightclub , the Men in Blue braved a dreary mid-Atlantic rain to hold Clinton Portis to a season - low 22 yards and produce Eli Manning 's first 300 - yard game of the season .
" We can't fly yet , " Tuck said .
" But on the football field , we 're playing pretty well .
Obviously you try your best to stay grounded and stay humble about it , but right now we 're playing good football . "
Burress ' injuries are not serious , but he is expected to deal with a criminal charge over the shooting , his latest misstep in a season of fines and suspension .
Coach Tom Coughlin said he addressed the team concerning Burress — then it was back to football .
" Come Sunday , 1 o'clock , when the whistle 's blowing in between those lines , and you 're in the stadium , that 's the only focus you 've got , " said linebacker Antonio Pierce , who reportedly was with Burress at the time of the shooting .
" That 's the only thing this team ever does is focus on our opponent and the challenge that 's at hand .
We had a lot of challenges obviously going into this game . "
The Giants have won seven straight , including six in a row against teams with winning records , and have a three - game lead over the second - place Dallas Cowboys with four to play .
They completed a sweep of the Redskins by manhandling them in the major statistical categories , including total yards ( 404-320 ) and time of possession ( 35:44-24:16 ) .
They set the tone on the game 's first drive , accepting the Redskins ' dare to throw the ball in the bad weather .
With Washington bracing for the run and playing a pressing man - to - man defense , Manning threw for 68 on the drive , capped when Toomer beat Fred Smoot one - on - one down the right sideline for a 40 - yard touchdown .
" When a team presses you , they 're kind of disrespecting you as a receiving corps , " Toomer said , " so to get a big play like that early kind of lets them know we 're not afraid of them — and we 'll go right at you . "
The Redskins ( 7 - 5 ) never recovered because they do n't have the offense to do so .
They 've lost three of four — with all three losses at home and only four touchdowns combined in the four games .
After a 6 - 2 start , they now trail Dallas in the wild - card race .
No one epitomized the Redskins ' mood better than coach Jim Zorn , whose day was already rolling downhill when he watched his team fail to stop the Giants ' first extra point — even though the holder bobbled the ball badly .
" To have the holder be able to drop the ball , look up , reset the ball , and have them kick it through was very upsetting .
Should n't have happened , " Zorn said .
" That kind of set me off , and I started whining about everything .
I was on everybody .
I was even on myself . "
Before the opening kickoff , the Redskins inducted Sean Taylor into the team 's Ring of Fame to mark the first anniversary of the Pro Bowl safety 's death .
Portis honored his fallen friend by running onto the field with a No. 21 flag during the tribute .
Once the game began , it was all Giants .
Manning finished 21 - for - 34 for 305 yards with one touchdown and one interception .
Brandon Jacobs , who missed last week 's game with a knee injury , rushed for 71 yards on 21 carries .
Toomer caught five passes for 85 yards and a score .
Jason Campbell went 23 - for - 38 for 232 yards with one interception for the Redskins , whose only score came on a 29 - yard run by rookie receiver Devin Thomas on a double reverse .
" There 's still a long road ahead of us , " said Portis , who entered the game as the league 's leading rusher .
" We 're not out of the playoffs .
Back two weeks ago , everybody was crucifying the Cowboys .
Now they 're back to America 's greatest team .
Now we 're in the same situation . "
Notes : Portis suffered a sprained neck when hit by cornerback Terrell Thomas at the end of a 15 - yard gain on a screen pass in the second quarter .
He returned to the game in the next series .
...
The Giants played without DT Fred Robbins ( shoulder ) , giving Jay Alford his first NFL start .
... Redskins DT Kedric Golston ( foot ) was inactive , and LB Marcus Washington ( ankle ) missed his second straight game .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The grandson of Ze'ev Jabotinsky , founder of the Revisionist Movement , announced Sunday he will be joining the Likud .
Party Chairman Benjamin Netanyahu seemed elated Sunday , at a press conference held in the Likud headquarters in Tel Aviv : " I 'm a little overwhelmed .
( The Likud ) was founded by Ze'ev Jabotinsky .
I consider myself his disciple in many ways .
Campaign Trail Netanyahu : All in Likud want peace , security Amnon Meranda Party leader tells supporters in Tel Aviv ' instead of running from terrorism , we will fight it ' ; MK Sa'ar : Ideologically , Livni and Olmert lie Siamese twins Netanyahu : All in Likud want peace , security
" I 'm very happy that he decided to take time out from his busy life to join us …
Things have come full circle .
It is a privilege for the Likud to have such a man in its ranks , contributing to both the party and the country , " added Netanyahu .
" I admit I 'm excited .
It 's a privilege to join the movement , " Ze 'ev Jabotinsky told reporters .
" The last time Jabotinsky , Begin and Netanyahu served the Jewish public was in World War II , when they tried to save Europe 's Jews from annihilation .
Today we are a team again and we want to do everything we can to meet the challenges Israel is facing . "
( Photo : Yaron Brener )
Israel , added Jabotinsky , is plagued with the absence of hope : " You can see it in low voter turnout .
We hope the new leadership , under Netanyahu , will be able to bring back hope and get the country back on the right track .
I consider it a privilege to join the party and shoulder some of the burden , " he concluded .
Jabotinsky 's induction into the party follows an extensive " shopping spree " by the Likud , during which prominent figures the likes of Dan Meridor , Benny Begin , former IDF Chief of Staff Moshe Yaalon , former Police Commissioner Asaf Hefetz , former Chairman of the Israeli National Security Council Uzi Dayan and General ( Ret. ) Yossi Peled , also joined the party .
The pressure within the Likud , however , increased several days ago , after the party 's legislative committee decided that only the first 20 slots on the party 's Knesset roster would be allocated to party members bidding on the national roster .
The decision essentially means that all of the Likud 's current MKs , as well as its new members , have been left to bid for the same 20 slots ; and with slots 10 and 20 secured for the party 's female candidates , the remaining 18 seats leave both seasoned politicians and newcomers in heavy competition .
Will They Steal It ? Your Election Nightmares , Graded for Actual Terror - Worthiness
With less than two weeks left in the presidential race , fears are a - flying in lefty circles .
Will they actually let Barack Obama win ?
Will Diebold steal the election and give it to John McCain instead ?
Will martial law be declared so George Bush can be self - appointed to a third term ?
Will conservative thugs at polling places suppress minority turnout in the very swing states where the minority vote could really make the difference for the Democratic ticket ?
Is this shit I 'm reading in Rolling Stone about voter - purging true ?
Because it 's terrifying .
Hold me !
HOLD ON .
Yes , assessing the relative merits of the various strains of liberal election - paranoia is a tricky business .
After all , during the last eight years we 've seen several liberal fever - dreams turn into reality ( see , for example , Florida Recount 2000 and Iraq War 2003 – present ) .
Still , some of the alarm about Election 2008 seems a bit much .
" There 'll be tampering with voting machines in key states , just enough to swing it to McCain , " begins a baroque , every - major - fear - encompassing scenario submitted to Slog ( The Stranger 's blog ) by a commenter named Chip , who continues : " As the exit polls show Obama leading but tallies do n't match , FOX News will repeat GOP talking points about how surprising it is that the Bradley effect is playing such a significant role in the elections .
Massive riots will engulf Seattle , S.F. , NYC , and D.C. ; they will be suppressed violently by the U.S. Army .
Bush will declare martial law .
Obama will be shot by a lone gunman .
McCain will valiantly die while trying to save him .
Palin anoints Dick Cheney to the empty VP slot . "
The threat of all of that happening , exactly as described , is quite minimal ( alert level : green or even sea- foam ) .
Same for commenter Kat 's feared scenario : " Honestly , I 've been saying from the beginning , I 'll just be surprised if we do n't wake up November 5 and Cheney is president . "
Your paranoia is , of course , your own .
So accept , reject , and / or ratchet up your interior angst as you like — you will anyway — but if you want to recalibrate your terror levels , consider the following reality check :
FEAR : From Slog commenter Mac : " A week before the election , Todd Palin is going to run over Osama bin Laden with his snowmobile in the mountainous border between Pakistan and Afghanistan . "
FACT : Sarah Palin did n't have a passport until July of 2007 .
Therefore , the likelihood that Todd Palin has a passport , knows where the Pakistan - Afghanistan border is , and is on his way there right now is extremely low .
( Although it 's true that the likelihood of him being able to run a man over with a snowmobile is quite high . )
THREAT LEVEL : Subgreen .
IN CASE OF EMERGENCY : Repeat this mantra : " My life has become a made - for - TV movie , which at least means it should end shortly . "
* * *
FEAR : Take it away , Slog commenter Anonymous : " There 's a rumor I heard from my parents that one of Hillary [ Clinton ] 's people is suing , trying to prove that Obama was born in Kenya ( that he 's not a natural - born citizen ) , that he gave up his U.S. citizenship when he lived in Indonesia , and never got it back . "
FACT : True , the Constitution says one must be a " natural - born " U.S. citizen to be president .
True , too , according to credible news reports , that a die - hard Hillary Clinton supporter named Philip J. Berg has filed suit in federal court in Pennsylvania alleging that Barack Obama is not a natural - born U.S. citizen and is , in fact , a citizen of Indonesia .
But the Obama campaign long ago provided copies of his birth certificate to the media , and images of said certificate are readily available online ( not accompanied by images of the actual natural birth , but it's the paperwork that counts ) .
Obama was born in Hawaii on August 4 , 1961 , at 7:24 p.m .
And guess who was n't born in the USA ?
John McCain .
He was born in the Panama Canal Zone .
( But on a U.S. military base , which was , technically , U.S. territory . )
THREAT LEVEL : Green .
Do n't worry your pretty little head about this one .
IN CASE OF EMERGENCY : If Obama actually is kicked out of the presidential race and deported by the INS — well , there 's no way Hillary was born in Indonesia .
* * *
FEAR : From Slog commenter Daisy : " Bush has already given himself the power to stop the election .
In May 2007 , Bush issued National Security and Homeland Security Presidential Directive NSPD 51 / HSPD 20 .
This directive suspends constitutional government and instates martial law in the case of a ' catastrophic emergency ' ... "
FACT : Yes , the directive was issued — for the stated purpose of dealing with terrorist attacks and such , not for the stated purpose of canceling inconvenient elections .
THREAT LEVEL : Blue .
For martial law to work , the public and the military has to , en masse , accept the situation .
It would be a very ballsy outgoing Republican president who would roll the dice on trying to declare martial law just because a fellow Republican was defeated in the presidential race ( and do this in the absence of a real terrorist attack ) .
We are n't in Burma .
Calm down .
IN CASE OF EMERGENCY :
This is one of those elegantly designed fears that relies on a presumed motivation that can't be disproved .
Really , no one except George W. Bush knows whether he 's eagerly awaiting the chance to abuse the above - mentioned directive on Election Day .
If you think you know his motivations and plans , and you 're truly terrified , move to Canada , seek therapy , or hang around for a couple weeks and see if your ESP is really as powerful as you believe .
* * *
FEAR : Often rooted in a familiarity with the work of voting rights activist Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and / or investigative journalist Greg Palast , and even more often rooted in the duo's report in the current issue of Rolling Stone , this fear posits the following : A massive Republican plan to erect barriers to Democratic registration , purge Democratic voters from voting rolls in swing states , and challenge legitimate Democratic voters at polling places around the country will result in a loss of Democratic votes large enough to swing the election to John McCain .
FACT : Elections can be won this way , and some people will do anything to win .
But , as Kennedy and Palast note in their Rolling Stone report , this type of chicanery only succeeds in a relatively tight election .
THREAT LEVEL : Yellow .
This election may not be tight .
Thus , it may turn out that even if the Kennedy / Palast fears are realized it wo n't matter .
McCain will still lose to the Obama tsunami .
And , as Dahlia Lithwick has noted on Slate.com , fears about this type of election - stealing are often overblown .
" For the most part , modern polling - place election - stealing has just not been pervasive or systematic , " she writes .
She also uses the word " boogeyman . "
IN CASE OF EMERGENCY :
As the PSAs in the New York subway say , " If you see something , say something . "
Vigilance !
* * *
FEAR : Nothing is real ; at least , none of these polls are real — NONE OF THEM .
They may say that Obama is ahead of McCain in most of the big , important swing states , but they are being warped by the Bradley effect !
FACT : The only indisputable fact when it comes to the Bradley effect — the phenomenon of voters telling pollsters one thing about a black candidate and then doing quite another thing in the polling booth — is that no one has any idea how it will play out in this election .
As you may have heard , there has never , ever , in the history of United States history been an African American on the presidential ballot .
So , you know , who knows ?
If you wanted to conduct an experiment on how the Bradley effect works on a national level , you would create this election and issue your findings after Election Day .
Stay tuned !
( However , to ease your fears : Considerable evidence indicates that the Bradley effect is a relic of the past , and that the bigger effect on this election may be the so - called reverse Bradley effect , in which white voters in conservative places understate their support for Obama . )
THREAT LEVEL : Yellow .
Could be a problem , could not be a problem .
Nothing to do but call undecided voters and sing " Ebony and Ivory . "
IN CASE OF EMERGENCY : Remember that while rioting may be alluring , proximity to riots is thought by most medical professionals to increase your likelihood of physical injury .
* * *
FEAR : The government will stage a fake terrorist attack — the " Bush nukes San Francisco " scenario , as Slog commenter toasterhedgehog describes it — and the blame will fall on Muslim terrorists .
Meanwhile , Osama bin Laden will release a video praising Barack Obama as his Muslim brother .
And maybe there will be some martial law involved , too .
FACT : If you believe this is likely , then it 's doubtful anyone can argue with you .
So let 's assume — and this is not saying it 's a valid assumption — but let 's assume , just for the hell of it , that this does , in fact , happen .
Then the alert level would be ...
THREAT LEVEL : Orange .
Prepare to depart country .
IN CASE OF EMERGENCY : Slap self to make sure it is n't a nightmare , and then slap self again for not having fled country sooner .
* * *
FEAR : This report , from West Virginia 's Charleston Gazette and published October 18 , ends up becoming what happens everywhere , to everyone , on Election Day : " Virginia Matheney and Calvin Thomas said touch - screen machines in the county clerk 's office in Ripley kept switching their votes from Democratic to Republican candidates .
' When I touched the screen for Barack Obama , the check mark moved from his box to the box indicating a vote for John McCain , ' said Matheney , who lives in Kenna . "
FACT : This happens sometimes with touch - screen voting machines , but election officials say it 's less statistically significant to the outcome of any election than human error .
THREAT LEVEL : Red .
If this happens to you , and everyone around you , and a bunch of zombie - eyed poll workers in Halliburton Windbreakers tell you there 's nothing to be done , never fear , etc. , then yes , something is very , very wrong .
IN CASE OF EMERGENCY : Freak the fuck out .
Increasing the production of naturally occurring proteins that contain selenium in human blood cells slows down multiplication of the AIDS virus , according to biochemists .
" We have found that increasing the expression of proteins that contain selenium negatively affects the replication of HIV , " said K. Sandeep Prabhu , Penn State assistant professor of immunology and molecular toxicology .
" Our results suggest a reduction in viral replication by at least 10 - fold . "
Selenium is a micronutrient that the body needs to maintain normal metabolism .
Unlike other nutrients , which bind to certain proteins and modulate the protein 's activity , selenium gets incorporated into proteins in the form of an amino acid called selenocysteine .
These proteins – selenoproteins – are especially important in reducing the stress caused by an infection , thereby slowing its spread .
Upon infecting a person , the virus quickly degrades selenoproteins so that it can replicate efficiently .
It is unclear just how the virus is able to silence these proteins but Prabhu and his colleagues believe that stress inflicted on cells by the rapidly dividing virus , which produces a key protein known as Tat , is the likely culprit .
Tat is one of about 14 odd proteins produced by HIV during the first stage of infection .
The job of these proteins is to trigger the expression of all the other genes that the virus needs to sustain itself .
In addition , Tat also plays a key role in helping the virus replicate .
One of the proteins that targets
Tat is a selenoprotein known as TR1 .
" Since HIV targets the selenoproteins , we thought that the logical way to deal with the virus is to increase the expression of such proteins in the body , " explained Prabhu , whose team 's findings are outlined this week ( Nov. 28 ) in the Journal of Biological Chemistry .
Researchers first isolated blood cells from healthy human volunteers who did not have HIV , and infected those cells with the virus .
Next , they added tiny amounts of a selenium compound – sodium selenite – into the cell culture to see the effect on viral replication .
Results from the tests indicate that the addition of selenium inhibits the replication of HIV at least 10 - fold , compared to cell cultures in which no selenium is added .
When the researchers selectively reduced production of the selenium containing TR1 protein , they observed a 3.5 - fold increase in viral replication .
" This confirms that while increasing the expression of TR1 has a negative impact on the replication of HIV , reducing it helps the virus replicate more efficiently , " explained Prabhu .
He believes that TR1 works by upsetting the chemical structure of Tat , which in turn reduces the virus ' ability to replicate .
" Once we fully understand the function of these selenium proteins , it will give us a handle to come up with more effective drugs , " said Prabhu , whose work is partly funded by the National Institutes of Health .
Source : Penn State
Can�t See the Forest for the Trees
Researchers argue that it�s time to see beyond the �myth of the pristine forest� �to gain a truer understanding of humankind�s interactions with the natural landscape .
By Richard Mertens
Photography by Dan Dry
When Susanna Hecht went to El Salvador in 1999 to help the government with long - range environmental planning , officials at the Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources told her there were no forests left in the country .
To Hecht , AB ’ 72 , a professor of urban planning at UCLA and an expert on tropical development , the claim came as no surprise .
El Salvador was notorious for population growth and ecological degradation .
The most crowded country in Latin America , during the 1960s and ’ 70s it had suffered severe deforestation with the expansion of livestock and sugar - cane farming .
In 1999 , the same year Hecht arrived , the tropical ecologist John Terborgh declared that in El Salvador , “ nature has been extinguished . ”
But as she drove around the country , Hecht noticed plenty of trees .
Some were remnants of old forests , but she also saw hedgerows , backyard orchards , coffee groves , trees growing along rivers and streams , cashew and palm plantations , saplings sprouting in abandoned fields , and heavily wooded grassland .
Almost every village abounded with trees — “ like a big jungle forest , ” she said .
Rather than no trees , she saw them everywhere .
Nature was far from extinguished ; it was thriving .
Hecht called these woodlands El Salvador ’s “ secret forests . ”
In a country only recently deforested , trees were coming back .
And El Salvador was not alone .
For many reasons , trees were resurgent throughout Latin America , including Honduras , Puerto Rico , Ecuador , and in parts of the Amazon .
But because scientists and policy - makers were preoccupied with tropical deforestation , Hecht said , they had been slow to take notice .
In another sense , she said , they did n’t see El Salvador ’s forests because of an old bias toward so - called “ pristine ” forests — primitive and untouched — and against “ anthropogenic ” forests , those created by humans or shaped by human activities like burning , grazing , farming , and logging .
It was these anthropogenic landscapes , which Hecht called “ peasant ” or “ working ” forests , that were reclaiming El Salvador .
They were a secret in plain view .
But whether you saw them depended on how you counted .
“ A great deal of it looked like forest , ” Hecht recalled .
“ If you start saying anthropogenic forests are OK , the place goes from having no forest to tons of forest . ”
Many experts believe it ’s time to take a closer look , and not just in El Salvador .
Despite assumptions that globalization is destroying forests , these researchers argue that in many parts of the world globalization and the policies that go along with it are in fact helping to create them .
Migration from rural areas to cities or other countries , new markets for forest commodities , and even war are helping in some places to bring trees back .
In other places the demand for diverse and far - flung products like rubber , tea , and açaí fruit , for example , is transforming existing forests and the lives that depend on them , often in unexpected ways .
Perhaps most surprisingly , archaeologists and ecologists have discovered growing evidence that many forests once considered pristine , including much of the Amazon , have long been marked by human activity .
Resurgent forests , changing forests , forests bearing the marks of ancient inhabitants : findings like these have made researchers reexamine how human activity has shaped forests in the past and is shaping them today .
They have also forced researchers to revisit ideas that have long colored Western thinking , casting fresh doubt on what researchers call the “ myth of the pristine ” and suggesting that untouched forests may be more an invention of the Western mind than something found in the real world .
Research also has challenged the assumption that human activity destroys biodiversity ; in some circumstances , researchers say , it can increase biodiversity .
Thus , rethinking forests carries powerful implications for conservation policy — it may require , for example , a greater appreciation for working forests .
And rethinking forests leads to fundamental questions about the vexed relationship between nature and culture .
“ Do human activities improve nature or diminish it ? ” asked Roderick Neumann , a geographer at Florida International University .
“ What is the relative weight of natural and social forces in shaping the patterns of flora and fauna that we observe ? ”
Such questions , said Neumann , remain unresolved .
Neumann and Hecht were among a group of geographers , anthropologists , ecologists , and others who gathered at the University this May for a conference titled “ The Social Life of Forests . ”
The conference , the first organized by Chicago ’s Program on the Global Environment , drew attention to examples of forest resurgence around the world and raised questions about what these examples , and others from far deeper in the past , reveal about how forests change .
A more basic conference goal was simply to insert forests back into history and assert that they have social lives after all — that almost all have been affected in some way by human deeds and imaginations .
“ Forests , ” Hecht argued , “ are as much historical and social entities as they are biotic ones . ”
Hecht traces some of the confusion over El Salvador ’s secret forests back to Thomas Malthus , the English political economist who in 1798 predicted that population growth would eventually outstrip the earth ’s productive capacity , resulting in environmental destruction and starvation .
His thinking helped inspire Darwin ; it also lurks behind the idea that humans and human thriving are inevitably harmful to nature .
El Salvador once seemed a good example of such logic .
Observers referred to the country as a “ Malthusian nightmare . ”
This simplistic thinking , Hecht said , ignored key social and political factors , including the land conflicts that in 1980 led to civil war .
When the war ended in 1991 , El Salvador ’s peasantry quickly began to defy Malthus .
The war broke up large holdings , reduced forest clearing , and prompted many Salvadorians to flee the country .
This out - migration was decisive .
While it did n’t lower rural populations significantly , it did create an important source of new income for Salvadorian families in the form of remittances , or money sent home by emigrants working abroad .
At the same time , free - trade policies championed in Washington cut global prices for agricultural commodities .
Peasants found it cheaper to buy grain than grow it .
So they used their land for other purposes than annual cropping , allowing the forest to grow back .
Examples of reforestation go well beyond Latin America .
Researchers studying the African Sahel , the band of semi-arid tropical savanna just south of the Sahara Desert , say that over the past two decades peasant farmers in Niger have brought about a regreening of their country .
Like a number of nations , Niger ’s central government shifted authority over natural resources to local communities , giving farmers rights to their own trees .
The newly empowered peasants resolved to “ fight the Sahara ” — the dust and sandstorms that sweep off the desert .
They did so by carefully tending and protecting trees that sprang up naturally — by 2007 more than 7.4 million acres had been newly tree - covered .
Many consequences followed , said Chris Reij of the Center for International Cooperation at VU University Amsterdam .
More trees made farming systems more productive .
Families had more to eat .
Women spent less time gathering firewood .
The trees reduced the amount of windblown sand and dust and helped the land retain water , increasing resistance to drought .
And with more fodder available from more trees , farmers and herders had less reason to quarrel .
Niger ’s example , Reij argued , has far - reaching implications .
It suggests that forestry agencies in other countries could promote reforestation by giving local communities control .
“ The foresters have the idea that they have to protect trees from farmers , ” he said .
“ Our own view is that forests have to be protected from foresters . ”
And yet the regreening of the Sahel has attracted little notice , Reij said .
He and other critics of contemporary conservation efforts say that conservation groups and many scientists have neglected forested landscapes where people live and work because they are more interested in large parks and preserves .
Kathleen Morrison , an anthropologist who directs the University ’s Center for International Studies and was a conference organizer , studies dry forests in southern India .
She said that such forests , with drought seasons that last several months , once covered more than half the world ’s tropics and subtropics but receive far less study than tropical rainforests , “ perhaps in part because of their entanglements with human histories . ”
Her own research attempts to reconstruct that entanglement over many millennia , as forests in southern India waxed and waned in response to the rise and fall of cities and the country ’s shifting culinary habits .
Trees are thriving in the Nigerian Sahel because of changing government policy and the decisions of small communities .
In other places , like El Salvador , global economic forces are also shaping local forests .
Over the past decade a growing U.S. enthusiasm for the health benefits of açaí fruit in juices and smoothies has inspired residents of the lower Amazon to plant more açaí palms .
The appeal of “ green ” products with a distinctive cultural heritage is helping Chinese minorities once considered backward for clinging to their tradition of growing tea plants under the forest canopy .
Today Peet ’s Coffee and Tea markets such tea as “ Ancient Trees Organic Pu-erh ” and sells it for $ 5 an ounce , explaining that it has been picked by local inhabitants “ for many generations ” from “ semi - wild tea plants , many of them centuries old and as tall as trees . ”
Not all of these changes are , of course , for the good .
Across the mountains of Laos , Thailand , and China , state policy and a growing demand for rubber are turning a mixed landscape of tropical forest , rice paddies , and swidden agriculture into what Jefferson Fox of the East - West Center described as “ an unbroken carpet ” of rubber - tree plantations .
Still , “ working ” landscapes have become major areas of reforestation the world over , Hecht said .
Often dismissed as pyromaniacs and forest clearers , peasants are now seen as creators .
Understanding the social dynamics that initiate and sustain the new landscapes is critical for conservation : “ Looking at these social relations gives us much more of an idea of how we can support processes that produce forest and diminish processes that do n’t . ”
To understand how Westerners think about forests , and especially how they misunderstand them , many researchers look to the Amazon .
For several decades now , archaeologists , anthropologists , geographers , and others have been rewriting its forests ’ history .
Or rather , they ’ve been showing that Amazonian forests have histories to begin with .
Scholars say the myth of the pristine has proven particularly tenacious there .
The Amazon of the Western imagination , they say , is a place hardly touched by history or humanity .
For colonists and entrepreneurs of various centuries it was both useful and profitable to see the forests as wilderness and to overlook the people who lived or had lived in them .
The idea of pure and untrammeled nature has also served a more spiritual purpose , preserving the image of an unfallen world , untainted by war , industrialism , and other afflictions of civilization .
To some an empty land ripe for exploitation , to others a lost Eden , the Amazon has seemed a forest out of time , inhabited , if at all , by Stone Age tribes living in harmony with nature , greeting helicopters with volleys of poison - tipped arrows .
Michael Heckenberger understands the myth ’s attraction .
An anthropologist from the University of Florida , he has studied indigenous people who live in the forests of the upper Xingu River , in southern Brazil .
Here , in what was once among the least accessible regions of the Amazon , a large reserve has been set aside for the use of native tribes .
In recent years , mile - wide soybean fields have been encroaching upon the forest .
Entering the reserve from the kingdom of soybeans could not be more startling .
“ It ’s like driving through the gates of Jurassic Park , ” Heckenberger said .
“ You feel like you ’re going back into time into some primordial landscape . ”
A 2007 National Geographic article , “ Last of the Amazon , ” records a similar reaction .
Recounting a trip to the upper Xingu , writer Scott Wallace describes his visit to “ the very core of an ancient primeval forest ” and “ the green cathedral that towered above us . ”
Heckenberger and others call such impressions misleading .
The forests are not nearly as ancient or primeval as they seem .
In fact , before Europeans arrived at the New World ’s doorstep , bringing disease and destruction , the Amazon was well settled : “ There ai n’t no part of it , ” he said with folksy emphasis , “ that was n’t touched by human hands in one form or another . ”
Heckenberger began studying the people of the upper Xingu almost two decades ago .
He first visited the region in 1993 , when he spent a year living in a Kuikuro village .
( He was eventually adopted into the tribe . )
As an anthropologist he wanted to experience life in a non-Western culture .
He also wanted to investigate the extent of the demographic collapse that struck the Amazon after 1492 .
Historical records and archaeological evidence had demonstrated massive depopulation along the river ’s major tributaries .
He hoped to determine if the same thing had happened in more remote parts of the basin .
What he found in the forest were the remains of a much larger and more complex society than he had expected .
With the help of the Kuikuro people , a remnant of those pre-Columbians , he has mapped the outlines of a “ hyper- self - organized society ” that inhabited the upper Xingu as far back as 800 ad .
These tribes lived mainly by fishing and growing manioc , a staple in the tropics whose starchy root is boiled , fried , and pounded into the flour known as tapioca .
They built walled settlements , fish weirs , canals , bridges , raised causeways , and an elaborate system of paths across the landscape .
Heckenberger and his colleagues have found 19 different settlements , organized in two clusters , in a region the size of Belgium .
These settlements , he argues , were not isolated communities but rather components of regional polities that rivaled the cities of ancient Greece in extent , population , and political and social organization .
And their inhabitants carefully engineered and tended the countryside around them , creating a mosaic of fields , trees , and waterways .
Although smallpox and other diseases probably decimated the population in the years after European contact , their ancestors still used some of the ancient earthworks .
“ Not only is no part of this forest natural , ” Heckenberger said , “ but no part of this forest is not planned , either . ”
Researchers studying other parts of the Amazon have reached similar conclusions .
Far to the northwest , on a flat plain beneath the Andes , Clark Erickson and colleagues have documented even more extensive land use .
In northeastern Bolivia they have mapped ancient , abandoned , raised fields and other earthworks on the savanna that covers much of the Department of the Beni .
They have found an estimated 1,000 settlement mounds , along with causeways , canals , forest islands , fish weirs , reservoirs , and ditches — a whole regional hydrologic system , Erickson said .
They also have found mounds up to 80 kilometers away , “ in what everyone assumed was pristine forest that has never been touched . ”
Erickson , an anthropologist at the University of Pennsylvania , said the ancient inhabitants of the Beni , as in much of the Amazon , were canoe - faring people who could travel and transport goods over long distances using canals and rivers as their highways .
They built the earthworks as far back as 3,000 years ago , using them on and off until just before Columbus ’s arrival .
Such findings have transformed how scholars read the history of the Amazon .
In the middle of the last century , Erickson said , they saw the past as “ relatively flat and shallow , ” with little cultural variation .
That view began to change in the 1970s .
Archaeologists confirmed the reports of early European travelers that large populations once lived in the Amazonian bottomland and along its tributaries .
The discovery of “ dark earths ” — plots of highly fertile soil — attested not only to long periods of intensive cultivation in the region but also to the skill and ingenuity with which early inhabitants improved the soil .
Archaeological and historical evidence now show that the humans who shaped the land were not the “ one - size fits all Amazonian Indian ” of the popular imagination , Heckenberger said .
“ There were indeed small - scale groups , probably very similar to some of the ones we know today .
There were also some very large groups that covered very large regions and that were integrated across large regions .
Combined , you had a network of societies across the Amazon . ”
Old notions about tropical forests die hard , however — and not just in the popular mind .
Even today , researchers complain , academic specialization hinders a truer understanding of the relationship between forests and people , as ecologists , archaeologists , and other experts often communicate poorly across disciplinary boundaries .
Robin Chazdon , a University of Connecticut ecologist who studies how humans influenced “ successional pathways ” in Costa Rica ’s lowland forests , admitted that it has taken time for her discipline to accept the view that human societies have had a large role in shaping forests .
“ There is slowly a revolution happening in the conservation world , ” she said .
But while many ecologists and conservationists are now “ very cognizant of large - scale human impacts in tropical forests , ” when she cites such effects in her papers , “ I get reviews back saying [ not all forests ] have been occupied by humans .
I dance around that .
So there is resistance to the idea . ”
One way to see the contradictions that still cloud Western thinking about forests , Roderick Neumann suggested , is to contrast conservation philosophy and practice in Europe and Africa .
Neumann began his career studying protected areas in Tanzania .
Both Selous Game Preserve ( opened in 1905 ) and Arusha National Park ( opened in 1960 ) , he argued , are typical examples of “ fortress conservation ” in Africa .
In each case , preserving nature has meant excluding humans .
Under the influence of 19th - and early 20th - century German forestry , he said , colonial and postcolonial authorities drove the local people , the Meru , out of Arusha National Park , arguing that they were “ mismanaging the forest and were ignorant of its conservation value . ”
Acting by the same principles , Tanzanian authorities later made Selous Game Reserve the second - largest protected area in Africa , home to elephants , lions , and black rhinoceroses , by expelling 40,000 people .
“ Typically these evictions are based on neo-Malthusian concerns of overpopulation and claims of irrational and sustainable resource use , ” Neumann said .
“ And these ideas continue in conservation initiatives today . ”
The European Union turns the logic of African fortress conservation on its head , he said .
Rather than preserving biodiversity by forcing people out of protected areas , its policies work to keep rural people in place .
The EU pays farmers , herders , and others to carry on their traditional uses of the land .
Officials justify these policies by contending that human activity has increased biodiversity in Europe rather than diminished it , while scientists discuss “ coevolution ” between nature and culture , suggesting that it has gone on for many millennia .
According to both policy and science , nature and culture are too closely intermingled to be separated .
“ I ’ve found no such discussion for Africa among foresters and conservationists , ” Neumann said .
“ The continent is the source of all human evolution .
Would not the same process of coevolution hold in Africa as well ?
And if not , why not ? ”
Writing the social life of forests yields stories of enormous complexity , even paradox .
The farther back you look in time , Kathleen Morrison said , the harder it becomes to separate people and forests .
“ When you take a longer - term view of things , what we think of as nature and culture is blurred .
The problem always gets blurry when you add history . ”
Likewise , the whole question of what a forest is becomes difficult to answer , as it was with El Salvador ’s secret forests .
Language itself begins to slip : “ What you mean by forest is not a fixed , unambiguous category . ”
These issues also raise difficult but practical and urgent questions about conservation policy .
Many researchers at the conference took pains to emphasize that recognizing humans ’ long and widespread influence on forests does not justify the ecosystems ’ wholesale destruction .
Rather , Michael Heckenberger said , the pre-Columbian inhabitants of Brazil ’s upper Xingu created diverse landscapes that could offer clues for sustainable development in today ’s Amazon .
“ They were not the ancestors of chain saw–wielding clear cutters .
There is nothing more foreign in the mind of the indigenous people that I work with than barren landscapes .
Their grandfather was a jaguar . ”
Peter Crane , a former director of England ’s Royal Botanic Gardens , Kew , and now a professor of geophysical sciences at Chicago , suggested that people should think of themselves as the gardeners of forests , mimicking the processes of nature .
Other participants saw evidence of extraordinary “ ecological resilience ” in the many accounts of reforestation .
One of the most exciting implications of this research , argued Morrison , is the discovery that “ the dominant story that humans are always bad for forests is n’t always true . ”
“ Forests are coming back , ” she said .
“ The question is why and how .
If we can understand the processes of forestation and deforestation , we ’re in much better shape . …
If the story has n’t always been a story of degradation , then there ’s hope for the future .
It ’s better to face up to the complexities and move ahead in an informed way .
It does n’t mean that anything goes .
But the idea that humans are always destructive is not very valuable . ”
It turns out that forests are not just nature , but culture too .
As an indigenous friend once told Susanna Hecht , “ A forest is one big thing .
It has plants and it has animals — and it has people . ”
Sarah Palin was really good at talking out both sides of her mouth during her interview with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer today .
No sooner had her utterly phony pledge to " aid " the Obama administration going forward come out of her mouth than she said this :
PALIN : Well , I still am concerned about that association with Bill Ayers .
And if anybody still wants to talk about it , I will , because this is an unrepentant domestic terrorist who had campaigned to blow up , to destroy our Pentagon and our U.S. Capitol .
That 's an association that still bothers me .
And I think it 's still fair to talk about it .
However the campaign is over .
That chapter is closed .
Now is the time to move on and to , again , make sure that all of us are doing all that we can to progress this nation .
Keep us secure , get the economy back on the right track , and many of us do have some ideas on how to do that and hopefully we 'll be able to put all of that wisdom and experience to good use together .
BLITZER : So looking back , you do n't regret that tough language during the campaign ?
PALIN : No , and I do not think that it is off - base nor mean - spirited , nor negative campaigning to call someone out on their associations and on their record .
And that 's why I did it .
Funny thing about that :
When Max Blumenthal and I dug up her multiple associations with far - right extremists in Alaska -- people who fomented for Alaska 's secession , indulged in militia - organizing activities , fawned over Bo Gritz , and whose leader was murdered in an explosives deal gone bad -- and when CNN aired that information , here 's what we heard from the McCain campaign :
CNN is furthering a smear with this report , no different than if your network ran a piece questioning Senator Obama 's religion .
No serious news organization has tried to make this connection , and it is unfortunate that CNN would be the first .
It 's kind of hard to tell just exactly how discussing the record of Palin 's conduct in public office , enabling and collaborating with far - right extremists , is somehow similar to the bogus claims that Obama is Muslim , or has anything at all to do with Palin 's religion .
But Palin clearly has a double standard when it comes to bringing up " associations . "
Gordon Brown 's control freak enforcer and his ' cappuccino and soup ' instruction manual for civil servants
Gordon Brown 's new Cabinet enforcer has issued an astonishing 11 - page document to civil servants spelling out exactly how they should treat him .
In a series of detailed instructions that would embarrass the most demanding showbiz diva , Cabinet Office Minister Liam Byrne tells officials precisely what types of coffee he likes , and just when the drink should be served ; exactly how his office should be laid out , with papers arranged just so ; and how his diary must be cleared by Thursday evening so he can return to his constituency home for the weekend .
The document , modestly entitled Working With Liam Byrne , reads like a script from the BBC ’s political sitcom The Thick Of It about the farcical control - freakery of New Labour in power .
Demanding : Cabinet Office Minister Liam Byrne is particular about what he drinks , and when
Mr Byrne ’s list of do ’s and don’ts declares : ‘ Coffee / Lunch .
I ’m addicted to coffee .
I like a cappuccino when I come in , an espresso at 3 pm and soup at 12.30 - 1 pm .
‘ The room should be cleared before I arrive in the morning .
I like the papers set out in the office before I get in .
The white boards should be cleared . ’
‘ If I see things that are not of acceptable quality , I will blame you . ’
On briefings for questions , he orders officials to tell him ‘ not what you think I should know but you expect I will get asked ’ .
Mr Byrne , 38 , even dictates what font size briefing notes should be in ( a rather large 16 point ) , and insists that they should take up no more than one sheet of paper .
He also warns staff : ‘ Never put anything to me unless you understand it and can explain it to me in 60 seconds , ’ and he goes on : ‘ I am often not very clear or my writing is illegible .
If I ’m in the middle of thinking about something , I might ask you to come back – do n’t be put off by this . ’
Byrne , who was last month promoted to the Cabinet , where he is responsible for co-ordinating Government departments , has a near obsession with manipulating the media .
He tells his officials : ‘ We need to produce a grid . . . outlining [ the ] story of the week .
Once something has been slotted into a grid , my expectation is it will be delivered .
Moving something from a grid slot is a very , very big deal . ’
Key messages must be set out in ‘ big speeches ’ and repeated at ‘ every , repeat every , opportunity ’ .
He says he has an ‘ open door ’ policy – but it is hard to know when civil servants could see him .
‘ It ’s your job to keep me to time .
It ’s rude for me to draw meetings to a close .
I like 10 minute then 5 minute warnings .
You need to know what I ’m doing next . ’
The manual is so full of New Labour - speak that parts are incomprehensible .
‘ Money is the root of all progress .
Finance are [ sic ] a vital part of the initiation conversations . ’
Mr Byrne is particular about his work - life balance .
‘ I have a young family and a constituency that I am passionate about . ’
For that reason , he says , he does not take Ministerial red boxes home – and expects to be at his Midlands home by Thursday night .
He describes his week as : ‘ Mondays , arrive London around 3 - 4ish , 8 pm dinner with colleagues .
I tend to try and finish up Thursday night . ’
Speeches are a ‘ huge burden , so we do n’t do lots ’ .
‘ Given the limited time I ’m in the office , there is a huge premium on managing the workflow .
Sunday is a sacrosanct family day . ’
Contacting him out of hours is not easy .
‘ BlackBerry best .
Fax to constituency office / home if not urgent .
Never rely on me looking at text / email . ’
He must not be pestered with endless requests to make speeches or attend conferences .
‘ I prefer to get out there on my own terms rather than respond to invites , ’ he says haughtily .
His ‘ rules for quotes ’ demand a soundbite for every occasion .
‘ The precise words you use are crucial .
Officials use language that is more appropriate for a dinner party than a newspaper .
Insert at least one element from the key message sheet .
‘ If you would n’t use the words to a friend over coffee or in the pub , then DON ’T USE THEM .’
He adds : ‘ Eliminate absolutely , positively all extraneous words , ’ which seems to contradict itself .
However , he does show some interest in maintaining the morale of his staff .
He states : ‘ Team things .
Let ’s try and get dinner and drinks in asap . ’
Tory MP Philip Davies said : ‘ This is not a briefing note for civil servants – it ’s a briefing note for slaves .
Making sure the Minister gets his cappuccino on time and his soup piping hot is apparently more important than how the country is being run . ’
Last night , a spokesman for Mr Byrne said the manual was written in 2006 when he was a Home Office Minister .
‘ He is a highly efficient Minister but has become more flexible since then .
Some days , he has his soup at 1.30 pm . ’
Video : Researchers revisit Stanley Miller ’s famous spark experiments from the 1950s and find some new results .
The Chaitén volcano erupted for the first time in 9000 years in May ( Image : www.inglaner.com/volcan_chaiten.htm)
One of the most famous experiments of all time has just been found to have been even more successful than anyone realised .
The Miller - Urey spark flask experiment could hold the key to the origin of life on Earth .
Jeffrey Bada of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in California and colleagues re-analysed the original 50 - year - old samples left by Stanley Miller of the University of Chicago , in 1953 and 1954 .
His was the first experiment ever to produce amino acids , the building blocks of proteins , from inorganic molecules and a spark of electricity .
Advertisement
Bada ’s team discovered more organic molecules than Miller had been able to detect , and also showed that a secondary experiment – one that Miller carried out but never published – offers the best clue to how life on Earth began some 4 billion years ago .
Old boxes
Miller died in 2007 and Bada , who had been one of his first students , inherited the contents of his office and lab .
A chance conversation made Bada open the boxes earlier this year .
“ We found extracts from each of the experiments .
All of a sudden I realised , here we had the original samples in our hands that we could reinvestigate using modern analytical methods that Stanley did not have at his disposal at the time . ”
( Listen to Bada ’s account of the samples ’ re-discovery in the video clip at right . )
In the classic Miller - Urey experiment , a mixture of gases and water that Miller thought were present on early Earth was heated and zapped with electricity to mimic lightning .
This created five identifiable amino acids .
Yet Miller tested three versions of his spark flask .
One of the two lesser - know setups – the volcanic apparatus – created 22 amino acids that could be positively identified .
Extra steam
The volcanic apparatus is only slightly different to the classic design .
A narrowing in one glass tube increases the flow of steam that passes through the electrical current .
That small variation , however , makes all the difference .
“ The experiment not only produced a richer mix of amino acids but many of the amino acids are ones that have never been detected in a simulated early Earth experiment , ” says Bada .
What ’s more , “ many of these other amino acids have hydroxyl groups attached to them , meaning they would be more reactive and more likely to create totally new molecules , given enough time ” , adds Adam Johnson of Indiana University , who collaborated on the project .
Electric volcanism
One criticism of Miller ’s experiment is that he got the atmosphere of early Earth slightly wrong .
The new discoveries could give it a second life .
The conditions in Miller ’s flasks may not replicate the ones covering the entire surface of Earth , but they could have been found in small regions around the planet .
According to Bada , Miller ’s gases could have been spat out by the many volcanoes that dotted the planet at the time .
All that would then be needed is electricity – and many large volcanic eruptions are accompanied by spectacular lightning .
This was the case , for instance , when the Chaitén volcano in Chile erupted for the first time in 9000 years in May 2008 ( see image , right ) .
“ Instead of Darwin ’s warm little pond being the entire ocean , the warm little pond could have consisted of volcanic island tide pools and lagoons , ” says Bada .
Why would the bit of extra steam in the volcanic apparatus make such a great difference ?
One possible explanation is that the steam pushes newly formed amino acids away from the sparks before they are able to react further and form other compounds .
“ This is an exciting result leading toward greater understanding of how life might have arisen on Earth , ” says Carl Pilcher , director of the NASA Astrobiology Institute .
The findings could also give clues to life on other planets .
The conditions found in the volcanic spark flask could conceivably have once existed on Mars or Titan , and Bada is developing instruments that could detect tiny amounts of amino acids frozen beneath the surface of the Red Planet .
Journal reference : Science ( DOI : 10.1126/science.1161527 )
Evolution – Learn more about the struggle to survive in our comprehensive special report .
Astrobiology – Learn more in our out - of - this - world special report .
In this tutorial , we 'll learn how to tie a simple breast harness .
In Japanese bondage ( or " shibari " ) , this type of harness is called a " shinju . "
A shinju can be applied to just about any woman , though most shinju harnesses do n't work well on men .
Making a Simple Shinju
The style of shinju shown here is very simple , and easy to learn .
More complex harnesses may have several layers of rope that cross the breasts directly , or vertical sections that are designed to press on and stimulate the nipples .
This simple shinju can be used as a starting point for you to explore more complex forms of breast bondage , or can be tied beneath the karada demonstrated earlier .
The shinju shown here can be made in only a few minutes .
Many people prefer relatively short ( 10 ' ) lengths of rope for making a shinju ; the rope I 'm using here is longer than that , though it makes little difference .
As with the karada , I prefer using longer pieces of rope with a shinju because I can then integrate the extra rope into other kinds of ties , such as arm ties .
Just like with a karada , you 'll start your shinju by locating the middle of the rope .
Place your finger on your partner 's spine at about the level of the bottom of her breasts , hold the center of the rope there , and then pass it around your partner 's torso .
When you come all the way around , put the ends of the rope through the loop , then bring one side up over each shoulder , as these pictures show :
When you 've done this , you 'll have a piece of rope going around your partner just below the breasts , and two pieces of rope hanging over her shoulders , as the first part of the picture below illustrates .
Run the two ends of the rope beneath the part of the rope passing under her breasts , then bring them up over her shoulders again , like so :
At this point , you 'll have two pieces of rope hanging down your partner 's back .
Take them both in your hand .
Put your finger on your partner 's spine , at a level just above the top of her breasts , and pull both pieces of rope together around her body above her breasts , like you see in the first picture here .
Loop both pieces of rope through the loop you made with your finger ; it 'll make sense when you do it , I promise .
Now you 're almost finished .
Take the two pieces of rope that are hanging down , and pass them under the lower piece of rope that goes around your partner 's torso .
Then just wrap the ends of the rope around and around , like you did with the karada .
When you 're done , the shinju should look like this from the front :
There are all sorts of things you can do from this point , especially if you 're using a 20 ' or 25 ' length of rope rather than a 10 ' length .
For example , you can use the ends of the rope hanging down your partner 's back to tie her arms behind her back , which will cause your partner to arch her back and display her breasts quite nicely .
Or , if you like , rather than wrapping the ends of the rope around the lower of the two parts going around her torso , wrap the ends of the rope around both the upper and lower parts around her torso .
This causes the upper and lower rope to squeeze together , stimulating the breasts .
You can bring a third wrap around the center of her breasts , directly across the nipples , which will constantly stimulate her nipples , especially whenever she moves .
When you bind your partner 's breasts in a shinju , you can then tie the back of the shinju to a fixed upright object such as a post , which will hold her in place and allow you to caress , stimulate , or even flog her breasts .
( If you flog the breasts of a person bound in this way , be aware that the rope will prevent the breasts from moving the way they would if she was n't bound , so you should take care to do so more gently than you would otherwise . )
The shinju can be used as a foundation , with a karada tied over it .
Or the upper parts of the arms can be bound to the two ropes that pass around the person 's torso , holding the arms at the side .
Experiment , and you 'll find all kinds of variations that start with this basic tie .
BACK TO BONDAGE >>
What you 'll need
Ordinary soft cotton or nylon rope is easy to find ; you can get it at any hardware or home improvement store .
I usually go with rope about .25 " in diameter .
I 've found that 10 ' , 25 ' , and 40 ' lengths are convenient and versatile .
Basic Nylon Rope
25 ' lengths , available in
white or black
Standard , straightforward nylon rope , which is inexpensive , soft , and strong .
25 ' is a good working length for rope , and this rope is available in black or white .
It 's good for basic bondage , and for tying rope harnesses as described in the other sections of this Web site .
Hemp Rope Starter Kit
One 30 ' length and two
10 ' lengths of 6 mm organic
hemp rope , available
in three colors , plus
EMT scissors .
Hemp rope is the gold standard for BDSM play .
Hemp rope is made from an entirely organic fiber .
When properly cared for , it is soft and supple and has a " feel " unlike any other kind of rope , and the sensation of a hemp rope harness is like nothing else .
In the past , hemp rope has been relatively difficult to find when compared with nylon or cotton rope .
However , you can now get hemp rope " starter kits " online at a remarkably reasonable price .
Each kit contains one 30 ' length of hemp rope , two 10 ' lengths , and a pair of bandage scissors , and the rope is available either naturally colored or in blue or red .
Foodfit is no longer in service .
Please visit HealthCentral.com for in - depth health content from Remedy Health Media .
Karthik Rajaram Kills Family and Self in Porter Ranch Murder Suicide
Karthik Rajaram and five family members were found dead from gunshot wounds in their Porter Ranch home in the San Fernando Valley Monday morning in an apparent murder suicide .
The bodies were found by police officers who went to the home after Rajaram 's wife failed to show up at a neighbor 's house to go to work .
Rajaram , 45 , who once worked for PricewaterhouseCoopers and Sony Pictures , had been unemployed for months and had become despondent over financial problems .
Suicide notes found at the home indicate Rajaram felt killing himself and his family was the honorable thing to do , according to LAPD Deputy Chief Michel Moore .
Among the dead are Rajaram 's 69 - year - old mother - in - law , Indra Ramasesham , his 19 - year - old son , Krishna Rajaram , two other sons , ages 12 and 7 and his 39 - year - old wife .
" I think we have all felt for some time now that this is n't quite what the children in this research are saying .
They want us , they want our time and they want to have some family fun . "
Editor 's note :
This is part two of a two - part series on illegal immigration in Middle America .
St. Bridget 's Catholic Church has been spending $ 80,000 a month to help immigrants pay for their daily expenses .
more photos »
POSTVILLE , Iowa ( CNN ) -- The Rev. Lloyd Paul Ouderkirk sits beneath a cross of Jesus , the sun shining through the stained - glass windows that line his church .
" Nobody can tell me to shut up , " says Ouderkirk , the pastor of St. Bridget 's Catholic Church in the tiny town of Postville , Iowa , the epicenter of the nation 's immigration debate in rural communities .
Ouderkirk is outraged at the way federal agents swooped into town and rounded up nearly 400 illegal immigrants on May 12 in a raid on the nation 's largest kosher meatpacking plant , Agriprocessors .
He 's angry at the bosses of the plant who are accused of mistreating workers , including children , and using a workforce that the government contends was 75 percent illegal immigrants .
Watch " we cried with them " »
And he 's upset that Iowa Gov. Chet Culver and other top state officials have n't set foot in Postville since the raid left the town of 2,400 " bleeding to death . "
The raid was the largest work - force raid in the nation 's history at the time , what one court interpreter said " criminalized the undocumented workers on a grand scale " for the first time .
" I think every elected politician -- no exceptions -- should bow their heads in shame , " Ouderkirk says .
" Upset ?!
Yeah , I 'm upset .
I mean give me a break ...
If the elected politicians could n't do any better than this to come up with a good , just immigration law , they should hang their heads in shame . "
Within the next half hour , about two dozen women from Guatemala and Mexico begin arriving at his church , along with two men .
All were picked up in the raid , but the federal government released them on humanitarian grounds because they are parents of children who are American citizens .
Each wears an ankle bracelet .
They are seeking political asylum or temporary residency within the United States .
See photos around Postville , Iowa »
Unable to work now , they come to St. Bridget 's for financial help .
The church pays their medical bills , food , rent and other daily expenses .
" They walk the streets here monitored wherever they go .
They can't leave , they can't work , they all have children , " Ouderkirk says .
" So effectively , they are prisoners in our town and in this parish . "
Ouderkirk is n't the only one complaining .
Mayor Bob Penrod said his town has been turned " topsy turvy " since the raid .
He too wondered why he has n't heard from the governor .
Watch a " military raid " on this town »
" Basically all we wanted was some advice on how to deal with some of the situations that keep arising , " Penrod says .
Gov.
Culver 's office says his administration played a " leading role " in an investigation of the meatpacking plant that led to more than 9,000 charges of child labor violations against its bosses and managers .
" Gov. Culver has been a vocal critic of Agriprocessors , " his office said in a written statement .
It added that while the governor may not have visited , he has worked with state agencies to " address the needs of the families in Postville . "
Agriprocessors declined comment for this story .
In a statement after the raid , the company said it " cooperated with the government in the enforcement action .
We intend to continue to cooperate with the government in its investigation .
...
We extend our heartfelt sympathies to the families whose lives were disrupted and wish them the best . "
The U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement stands by the raid in Postville .
" Illegal aliens often turn to criminal activity , including document fraud , Social Security fraud or identify theft , in order to get jobs , " ICE spokesman Tim Counts said in a written statement .
" The demand for fraudulent documents and identities created by them creates thriving criminal enterprises that supply them . "
Ouderkirk , who came out of retirement after the raid , says it 's costing his church $ 80,000 a month , and the church only has enough money to keep paying through the end of the year .
" It 's pathetic when you have what was labeled by the man who directed the raid here as a 'very successful raid . '
How successful is this when it does this to the children and breaks up families ? "
Ouderkirk says .
Rocelia Hernandez , a mother of four , came from Mexico seven years ago and worked at the kosher plant for three years .
Displaying her ankle bracelet , she admits she entered the country illegally , but says she came to improve her children 's lives .
" Since I arrived here , I have n't done anything but work because I wanted to have a house and have better things in the future for my children , " Hernandez says .
She says she was given a " Social Security number that they invented for me . "
Asked who made it , Hernandez says , " I do n't know .
I never knew . "
Hernandez says she 's confused about why the government cracked down on her .
The United States , she says , is a generous country that provides aid to countries to help impoverished people around the world .
" If the Americans have such a big heart or the government has such a big heart for other people , why do n't they protect those of us who are already here ?
Why do they kick us out ? " she says .
" I want my son to learn the language and stay here and have a better life , " Hernandez says of her 5 - year - old American - born son .
Ouderkirk puts it more succinctly .
" This is no way as a democracy to treat people .
I do n't care if they are legal or illegal .
You do n't tear families apart like this , " Ouderkirk says .
" The women and children we 're taking care of right now are no more criminal than people driving down the street breaking the speed limit . "
See where Postville is located »
The federal government disagrees .
Of the 389 captured that day in May , nearly 300 of them were charged with felony counts of aggravated identity theft and fraudulent use of Social Security numbers .
Those slaughterhouse workers were tried and convicted in less than two days on a cattle fairground where Iowans typically come to cheer cowboys who lasso raging bulls .
Most were sentenced to five months in prison .
" The federal court got taken for a ride , " says Erik Camayd - Freixas , a federal certified interpreter who was there .
" There was no presumption of innocence . "
A court interpreter is supposed to be an impartial representative of the government .
Camayd - Freixas has worked as an interpreter for 23 years , but says what happened in Postville touched a nerve and forced him to speak out .
" The truth is that nothing could have prepared me for the prospect of helping our government put hundreds of innocent people in jail , " he said in a written personal account .
Camayd - Freixas says those arrested pleaded guilty to the charges often not knowing what they were pleading to .
A person charged with identity theft has to knowingly take the " identification of another person with the intent to commit , or to aid or abet , any unlawful activity that constitutes a violation of federal law , " according to federal identity theft law .
ICE 's affidavit is vague on that point , describing workers going to a third - party source for documents .
Most of the Agriprocessor workers , Camayd - Freixas says , had no idea they were using somebody else 's identity because they " took whatever number was given to them . "
Camayd - Freixas says he understands the workers were in America illegally , but he questions the legality of trying them on felony offenses .
" These are common workers and they are parading them as criminals .
There 's something wrong here , " he says .
" I was there and I saw it . "
He says the guilty pleas could have a staggering effect on separate , extremely serious state investigations of Agriprocessors .
The state of Iowa filed 9,300 misdemeanor charges against owners and managers at Agriprocessors accusing them of child labor law violations .
The state needs the immigrants -- the same ones the federal government wants deported -- to testify in any potential trial against their bosses .
" The immigrants have no credibility because they plead guilty , " Camayd - Freixas says .
" The whole thing is just ill conceived . "
Camayd - Freixas , acting as an academic consultant for the Guatemalan consul general , recently visited with 94 of the Postville workers being held at two facilities in Miami , Florida .
Their sentences ended last weekend and they will likely get deported beginning this week .
He says 16 have been recalled for the Iowa investigations .
" They want to be deported back to Guatemala as soon as possible , " Camayd - Freixas says .
" Every week they do n't work is another week their children go hungry . "
Back in Postville , Ouderkirk says he 'll keep speaking his mind .
He invites vocal opponents of illegal immigration to come to his church and " walk in the shoes " of the immigrants he 's helping .
He says he 's " gotten hate letters like you would n't believe . "
" If people have a right to spout off like that , then I have a right to speak in defense of these poor people , " he says .
" This is a free country .
I have a right to speak what I believe in , and I have a right to speak up for poor people whose voice is being denied . "
All About Immigration Policy • Iowa
Seattle Indymedia Center
September 13 , 2008
Homeland security has setup up 3 internal checkpoints on the Olympic Peninsula .
These checkpoints are in addition to checkpoints at Washington Ferry docks and highway border crossings .
According to the U.S. Border Patrol , it has a jurisdiction of about 100 miles from the border .
This puts most of Washington state in an area where border checkpoints are authorized , including Seattle .
In August and again in the beginning of September , the Department of Homeland Security has set up suspicion - less checkpoints on the Washington peninsula .
The checkpoints are in the town of Forks , at the west side of the Hood Canal bridge going east bound , and at the third near Discovery Bay on US 101 .
Forks is a timber town of 3,200 people that is 56 miles from the nearest ferry terminal connecting Washington to Canada .
At the road checkpoints there and elsewhere , the border patrol ask drivers different types of questions to gauge their status in the U.S. , including questions about citizenship .
Please review this video to understand how to deal with this illegal check points :
You do n’t have to answer Border Patrol ’s questions .
Ask if you are being detained .
At the end of August , about 60 people demonstrated against the Forks Border Patrol checkpoint .
Edgar Ayala , a Forks High School athlete who graduated with honors in June , was arrested on August 20th at the Border Patrol checkpoint and deported to Mexico .
Tanya
Ward , one of the organizers of the protest , is a member of the Hoh tribe and told a reporter from the Penninsula Daily News that she felt that immigrants are treated with the same unfairness shown to Native Americans .
She said , " I do n’t think it ’s right for them to be taken out of their homes when their children are here and they ’re not doing anything wrong . "
If you are interested in protesting these illegal road blocks please contact me : ceakins at gmail dot com
I live in the Peninsula , in Kitsap county .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
I cannot interpret it any other way .
Throughout the British press Obama is declared the winner of last night ’s debate .
Given the fact , that McCain would have needed a decisive , overwhelming victory , this equals with James Carville ’s assessment :
Obama won the debate .
Period .
It was n’t a tie .
He clearly won the debate .
Call the dogs in , wet the fire , the hunt ’s over .
This is not saying the Obama campaign can relax their efforts , from what I ’ve seen of them they surely wo n’t , but it should give them the leeway to stay on the issues and not stoop too much to the smear tactics employed by the McCain / Palin people .
Look at what the newspapers in Britain have to say below the fold :
The Times :
John McCain was running out of time to halt Barack Obama ’s gaining momentum today after their second presidential debate ended without a “ game changing ” moment for the Republican who is now fighting an increasingly uphill battle to persuade voters that he can fix America ’s economic crisis .
( read more )
And the most distinguished William Rees - Mogg goes further when he makes the following comparison :
The Democratic candidates were Franklin Roosevelt in 1932 and Barack Obama in 2008 .
Neither man had qualified as an economist , both had trained as lawyers , both went to Harvard .
In 1904 Roosevelt stayed on an extra year to edit the Harvard Crimson ; Obama became the editor of The Harvard Law Review .
Both were , or are , gifted orators , relying as politicians on an ability to communicate to the public , and move them .
The Independent :
John McCain is rapidly losing ground to Barack Obama in the opinion polls , a situation mare more perilous by the dire economic situation .
Senator Obama was judged to have come out of the debate a winner on points and this was a big disappointment for the McCain campaign which needed a big win to turn tide of voter sentiment around in the last month of the race ( read more )
The Telegraph :
A calm and unruffled Senator Obama , who leads by about five percentage points in national polls and is ahead in virtually all the battleground states , kept Mr McCain at arm ’s length during a stilted debate in which 11 undecided voters asked the questions .
( read more )
Toby Harnden finds we should relax , because “ Smears are routine part of presidential elections ”
The Guardian
John McCain is heading to near - certain defeat in the presidential election because American voters no longer trust Republicans on the economy , a strategist for the party warned yesterday .
Steve Lombardo , who has worked on Republican campaigns since 1992 and advised McCain ’s opponent , Mitt Romney , in the primaries , said it would take a major external event , such as a terrorist attack or a crippling error by Barack Obama , for McCain to make a comeback .
( read more )
Lola Adesioye says :
However , McCain ’s physical closeness was at odds with a disconnect revealed not only by his jokes about needing a hair transplant ( which was met with silence ) or the obvious disdain directed towards Obama – who he at one point addressed as “ that one ” – but also by his statement that members of the audience may never have heard of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac before last week – highly unlikely considering that they are two of America ’s largest mortgage providers .
( read more )
The Economist
Overall , the night did not provide good news for the Republican .
He trails in national polls and , worse , is clearly behind in crucial states such as Florida , Virginia , New Hampshire and Ohio .
He needed to change the race and failed to do so .
His early personal digs in the debate played poorly in the town - hall format , and he may have realised it .
Once he settled down , the exchange of well - worn positions — especially as Mr Obama is more trusted on the economy — could do nothing for him .
CNN ’s poll showed Mr Obama winning the debate by 54 % to 30 % , and comfortably ahead when respondents were asked how much they liked each candidate and how they rated each man ’s leadership qualities .
A poll by CBS also had Mr Obama winning , by 39 % to 27 % . ( read more )
Sarah Palin will not love this assessment , when she next reads The Economist .
You betcha !
: : : : : : : : : :
Insect shortage leaves sparrows starving
Last modified : 20 November 2008
One of Britain 's best - known birds may be declining because its chicks have too little to eat .
Too few insects in summer means young house sparrows in towns and cities are starving in their nests especially when parent birds are trying to raise important second and third broods .
Increased development , the popularity of ornamental plants like Leylandii , the removal of trees and the conversion of front gardens for parking may explain the loss of insects in urban areas , new research suggests .
The study , by scientists from the RSPB , De Montfort University and Natural England , is the first to investigate the 20 - year decline of house sparrows in suburbia .
' Where there were few insects , young house sparrows were likely to die '
Lead author , the RSPB's Dr Will Peach , said : ' Each pair of house sparrows must rear at least five chicks every year to stop their numbers falling .
But in our study , too many chicks were starving in their nests .
' Others were fledging but were too weak to live for much longer than that .
If the birds nested in areas rich in insects , they did much better .
Where there were few insects , young house sparrows were likely to die .
Young house sparrows need insects rather than seeds , peanuts or bread to survive . '
House sparrows have declined in Britain by 68 per cent since 1977 .
Numbers started falling in towns and cities in the mid-1980s and the species has now vanished from central London .
House sparrows are also disappearing from Bristol , Edinburgh and Dublin , and Hamburg , Prague and Moscow but curiously , they are faring better in Paris and Berlin .
The new research , published this month in the journal Animal Conservation , studied house sparrows in Leicester and surrounding villages .
The birds declined by 28 per cent during the three - year study .
Most chicks failing to survive died within four days of hatching .
' Mysterious and complex '
Co-author of the study , Dr Kate Vincent , then of De Montfort University in Leicester , said : ' This is one of the most mysterious and complex declines of a species in recent years .
The study highlights that sparrow chicks are hatching but they are n't surviving .
' This is partly down to the loss of green spaces within British cities through development on green space , tree removal and the conversion of front gardens for parking .
The loss of deciduous greenery within urban areas may have made life much more difficult for birds like house sparrows that need large numbers of insects to feed their young . '
Phil Grice , Senior Ornithologist at Natural England , said : ' This study highlights the importance of using native varieties of plants in our urban green spaces which , in turn , support large numbers of insects that are important in the diet of house sparrows and a range of other birds that we love to see in our gardens ' .
Make Homes for Wildlife
The RSPB has launched a new scheme , Homes for Wildlife , to give free , tailored advice on wildlife - friendly gardening .
Options include patches of wildflowers or long grass in summer , native shrubs and a small pond , all of which would harbour many insects .
Dr Peach said : ' Peanuts and seeds are great for birds for most of the year but sparrows need insects in summer , and lots of them , to feed their hungry young .
' Honeysuckle , wild roses , hawthorn or fruit trees are perfect for insects and therefore house sparrows .
The trend towards paving of front gardens and laying decking in the back , and the popularity of ornamental plants from other parts of the world , has made many gardens no - go areas for once common British birds .
Many of the things we can do to help just mean being lazy , doing nothing and allowing the garden to be a little bit scruffy . '
How you can help
Tell us about your garden and we ’ll provide you with tailored wildlife - gardening advice !
Take part in Homes for Wildlife
[ Trigger warning . ]
When MRA - types can be bothered to acknowledge rape as a problem at all , they inevitably claim false accusations of rape as a comparable problem , one that happens at least as often , and one that is — unlike rape , they claim — ignored and belittled .
For the record , that is not true .
But I thought I 'd look through that MRA mirror and see what would happen if false rape accusations were really " taken as seriously " as rape .
Scientists are a step closer to creating ' elixir of life '
The secrets of eternal youth are being unlocked by scientists .
Experiments show that an enzyme called telomerase could be the key ingredient in an ' elixir of life ' .
Mice engineered to have extra-high levels of telomerase were bred with cancer - resistant creature with astonishing results .
Elixir of life ?
Scientists believe they could slow the process of ageing using the enzyme telomerasety
The pups , bred by Spain 's National Cancer Institute , lived up to 50 per cent longer the normal .
They also had less fat , had better co-ordination and were better at processing sugar , this week 's New Scientist reports .
Researcher Maria Blasco said : ' You can delay the ageing of mice and increase their lifespan . '
She said she was optimistic the approach could one day be used to allow people to live longer , because the enzyme was capable of turning ' a normal , mortal cell into an immortal cell ' .
Her optimism is supported by US experiments which found that boosting telomerase levels in white blood cells makes them better at fighting disease .
Telomerase is extracted from the Astragalus plant , often used in Chinese medicines with no known adverse effects .
It protects tiny bundles of DNA at the end of our chromosomes that get shorter and shorter as our cells divide .
Eventually , they get so short that the cells die .
Keeping levels of telomerase high could keep ageing at bay .
However , some safety concerns remain , because cancer cells produce telomerase at higher than normal rates .
' With anything that boosts telomerase , you may have unwanted cell growth like in cancers , ' immunologist Arne Akbar from University College , London said .
But Dr Blasco said cancer drugs could be used to offset the negative affects .
New Scientist added : ' While an elixir of life in people remains a long way off , the prospect of boosting telomerase to fight disease , including age - related diseases , may be much closer . '
For more information visit www.newscientist.com
Adrian Douglas
Goldseek
Ocorber 12 , 2008
Imagine a country such as Venezuela announced that it was bailing out an investment bank , then just days later said it was nationalizing its mortgage industry , and then just days later that it was bailing out its biggest insurance company , and then just days later its government pledged 700 B $ to inject into its failing banks , and then just days later its stock market fell 20 % .
Would you feel comfortable having your money invested in such a country , in its stock market , in its bond market or in its currency ?
I hope you answered “ No ” or “ Hell , No ! ” to the above question !
So why should you feel any different about the situation if the country is called “ America ” ?
I am going to show you that the US Bond market is on the brink of collapse and with it will come the collapse of the currency , just as you would expect to be the outcome of such ridiculously inflationary policies in any other country .
Figure 1 US 10 Year Note Price and MFA
In figure 1 the 10 Year US Treasury Note price is shown in black .
The Market Force Analysis ( MFA ) is shown in red .
From 2000 - 2003 the MFA was rising and in a bull trend identified by the trend channel labeled “ 1 ” .
The bond price was generally rising ( falling yields ) .
In late 2003 the MFA exited the channel and entered into a declining trend labeled “ 2 ” .
The bond price as a consequence was falling ( rising yields ) .
In early 2007 the MFA fell rapidly and exited the lower side of the channel .
This seemed to be signaling an imminent rapid decline of the bond price .
But then in mid-2007 the first news broke of sub - prime mortgage problems .
There was a sudden rush to “ prime ” and safe debt in the form of Government Treasury debt .
The MFA did a reversal and entered into a new rising trend labeled “ 3 ” and the 10Y note commenced a strong bear market rally .
In early 2008 the MFA exited this trend and has been tracking sidewards suggesting a topping process .
Ominously the bond price has made a pronounced double top and is looking ripe for a collapse .
As the stock market had its worst week in history the financial press reported on short term treasuries rallying as the initial reaction of investors was to rush into “ safe haven ” treasuries .
The 10 year note tells a different story .
It initially rallied on Monday October 6 to 118 but by the end of the worst week in stock market history it had fallen to 113.5 .
Hardly indicative of a safe haven play !
All the bailouts and “ recapitalization ” plans of the Treasury and the FED are highly inflationary and require issuing massive amounts of Treasury debt .
The bond vigilantes are waking up .
They are going to dump bonds like they have gone out of style .
Bond prices will drop like a stone ( as indicated by the black arrow in figure 1 ) , general equities will drop more and the dollar will nose dive .
This highly inflationary scenario will make money rush into the tiny precious metals market and explode their prices due to paltry supply .
The lack of supply of the metals will mean that money will have to spill into anything silver or gold such as the mining equities .
Money will also flow back into commodities because the money leaving the bond market and the equities markets will be just too large to be accommodated anywhere else .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
On Friday October 10 as the stock market selling intensified and 10 Year note prices were falling CNBC Rick Santelli was saying this was a sign the credit market freeze was easing !
This was as the LIBOR - TED spread reached an all time high !
What is more likely is that bond holders were waking up to the certain hyperinflation coming as a consequence of the largesse of the government ’s massive rescue plans .
Many analysts are incorrectly talking of deflation .
Falling stock markets or falling housing markets do not contract the money supply .
The government ’s bailouts and “ liquidity ” injections on the other hand increase it .
John Williams shows at shadowstats.com that the money supply is expanding at 14 % and when the government guarantees all bank deposits and probably all interbank lending I can’t imagine what it will be !
Imagine that instead of living through this nightmare yourself you were watching this complete financial drama unfolding in Venezuela .
Who in his right mind would predict that Venezuela would experience massive deflation as a result of creating massive amounts of money and credit out of thin air ?
So why is it different for America ?
The laws of economics are not country specific .
Because the Cartel hit gold and silver in the middle of the night on Thursday October 9 many started invoking deflation theories .
This is nonsensical and the bond market is about to confirm it !
We have seen the mega - shorts on TOCOM reduce their shorts in gold and silver to next to zero .
They know what is going to happen to the prices of precious metals !
Many investors are starting to think that after this stock market rout and with a G7 package things will begin to improve .
That is not the way things work !
20 years of excesses with even more monetary excesses about to be heaped upon us as a “ rescue package ” do not get unwound in 5 days .
This is just the beginning .
The bond market is the biggest market in the world ( if we ignore the ridiculous , unregulated casino peddling OTC derivatives ! ) .
When the bond market heads south the money that has to find a safe haven somewhere else is in the trillions .
Just a small percentage of this capital will blow the precious metals to unimaginable levels .
The authorities keep saying that they will “ use all tools available to them ” .
They only have one …it ’s an electronic version of the printing press .
They will spin it in many different ways using jargon like “ increased liquidity ” and “ injection of capital ” and “ buying equity stakes ” and “ buying toxic debt ” but it all translates to “ create more money out of thin air ” .
Gold and silver and the mining equities will be the place to be and soon thereafter commodities in general .
Clarity will come when the metals reach new highs and at that point a child of six will be able to say where to invest .
Of course , that is the greatest incentive for the Gold cartel to prevent new highs being achieved !
But new highs are already being achieved in the retail market and on e-bay .
The silly manipulation on the COMEX will soon end .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The new cartoon “ Batman : The Brave and the Bold ” is beginning to look like awesome !
Check out this teaser trailer below .
The music has me totally groovin’ !
If you ca n’t see the embedded video , click here .
How cool does that look ?!?!
I know many of us believed this cartoon would be for little kids ( like the “ Super Friends ” action figure line ) , but I gotta say after seeing this trailer it looks pretty interesting .
For most of us geeks , nothing will ever compare to “ Batman : The Animated Series ” .
However , I think this show has a chance of being great with a different kind of Batman .
At first glance , it looks like this cartoon will embrace the kookiness of the 1960 ’s TV Batman , and meld it with modern action and fun superheroics .
How can it not be awesome with fantastic guest stars like Green Arrow ( Van dyke - less ) , Blue Beetle ( the new BB ) , Plastic Man , the Atom , Red Tornado , and Aquaman ?
I ’m willing to give this new cartoon a chance to win over my heart .
And if the music in this trailer is indicative of the music in the series , then it had me at “ Hello ” .
My thanks to EDP over at “ I do n’t read my blog either ” for posting this video and making me realize how cool this series could be .
Django 1.0.1 released !
Following the previously - announced schedule , today the Django team has released Django 1.0.1 .
This is a bugfix - only release containing fixes and improvements to the Django 1.0 codebase , and is a recommended upgrade for anyone using or targeting Django 1.0 .
For full details , check out the 1.0.1 release notes , and to grab a copy of Django 1.0.1 , visit the downloads page .
For the security - conscious , a file containing checksums of the 1.0.1 package , signed with the release manager 's key , is available .
And with Thanksgiving coming up in the US , your friendly local release manager would like to pause for a moment and express thanks , on behalf of myself and the Django development team , for all the work put in by all the members of our community to help keep the releases coming , the tickets triaged and the bugs fixed .
We would n't be able to do it without all of you , so give yourselves a big pat on the back and see if you can't sneak an extra slice of pie come Thanksgiving dinner .
We 'll see you again in a few months , for either Django 1.0.2 or Django 1.1 .
Happy holidays !
How was it allowed to happen ?
How did politics in the US come to be dominated by people who make a virtue out of ignorance ?
Was it charity that has permitted mankind 's closest living relative to spend two terms as president ?
How did Sarah Palin , Dan Quayle and other such gibbering numbskulls get to where they are ?
How could Republican rallies in 2008 be drowned out by screaming ignoramuses insisting that Barack Obama was a Muslim and a terrorist ?
Like most people on my side of the Atlantic , I have for many years been mystified by American politics .
The US has the world 's best universities and attracts the world 's finest minds .
It dominates discoveries in science and medicine .
Its wealth and power depend on the application of knowledge .
Yet , uniquely among the developed nations ( with the possible exception of Australia ) , learning is a grave political disadvantage .
There have been exceptions over the past century - Franklin Roosevelt , JF Kennedy and Bill Clinton tempered their intellectualism with the common touch and survived - but Adlai Stevenson , Al Gore and John Kerry were successfully tarred by their opponents as members of a cerebral elite ( as if this were not a qualification for the presidency ) .
Perhaps the defining moment in the collapse of intelligent politics was Ronald Reagan 's response to Jimmy Carter during the 1980 presidential debate .
Carter - stumbling a little , using long words - carefully enumerated the benefits of national health insurance .
Reagan smiled and said : " There you go again . "
His own health programme would have appalled most Americans , had he explained it as carefully as Carter had done , but he had found a formula for avoiding tough political issues and making his opponents look like wonks .
It was n't always like this .
The founding fathers of the republic - Benjamin Franklin , Thomas Jefferson , James Madison , John Adams , Alexander Hamilton and others - were among the greatest thinkers of their age .
They felt no need to make a secret of it .
How did the project they launched degenerate into George W Bush and Sarah Palin ?
On one level , this is easy to answer .
Ignorant politicians are elected by ignorant people .
US education , like the US health system , is notorious for its failures .
In the most powerful nation on earth , one adult in five believes the sun revolves round the earth ; only 26 % accept that evolution takes place by means of natural selection ; two - thirds of young adults are unable to find Iraq on a map ; two - thirds of US voters cannot name the three branches of government ; the maths skills of 15 - year - olds in the US are ranked 24th out of the 29 countries of the OECD .
But this merely extends the mystery : how did so many US citizens become so stupid , and so suspicious of intelligence ?
Susan Jacoby 's book The Age of American Unreason provides the fullest explanation I have read so far .
She shows that the degradation of US politics results from a series of interlocking tragedies .
One theme is both familiar and clear : religion - in particular fundamentalist religion - makes you stupid .
The US is the only rich country in which Christian fundamentalism is vast and growing .
Jacoby shows that there was once a certain logic to its anti-rationalism .
During the first few decades after the publication of The Origin of Species , for instance , Americans had good reason to reject the theory of natural selection and to treat public intellectuals with suspicion .
From the beginning , Darwin 's theory was mixed up in the US with the brutal philosophy - now known as social Darwinism - of the British writer Herbert Spencer .
Spencer 's doctrine , promoted in the popular press with the help of funding from Andrew Carnegie , John D Rockefeller and Thomas Edison , suggested that millionaires stood at the top of a scala natura established by evolution .
By preventing unfit people being weeded out , government intervention weakened the nation .
Gross economic inequalities were both justifiable and necessary .
Darwinism , in other words , became indistinguishable from the most bestial form of laissez - faire economics .
Many Christians responded with revulsion .
It is profoundly ironic that the doctrine rejected a century ago by such prominent fundamentalists as William Jennings Bryan is now central to the economic thinking of the Christian right .
Modern fundamentalists reject the science of Darwinian evolution and accept the pseudoscience of social Darwinism .
But there were other , more powerful , reasons for the intellectual isolation of the fundamentalists .
The US is peculiar in devolving the control of education to local authorities .
Teaching in the southern states was dominated by the views of an ignorant aristocracy of planters , and a great educational gulf opened up .
" In the south " , Jacoby writes , " what can only be described as an intellectual blockade was imposed in order to keep out any ideas that might threaten the social order . "
The Southern Baptist Convention , now the biggest Protestant denomination in the US , was to slavery and segregation what the Dutch Reformed Church was to apartheid in South Africa .
It has done more than any other force to keep the south stupid .
In the 1960s it tried to stave off desegregation by establishing a system of private Christian schools and universities .
A student can now progress from kindergarten to a higher degree without any exposure to secular teaching .
Southern Baptist beliefs pass intact through the public school system as well .
A survey by researchers at the University of Texas in 1998 found that one in four of the state 's state school biology teachers believed humans and dinosaurs lived on earth at the same time .
This tragedy has been assisted by the American fetishisation of self - education .
Though he greatly regretted his lack of formal teaching , Abraham Lincoln 's career is repeatedly cited as evidence that good education , provided by the state , is unnecessary : all that is required to succeed is determination and rugged individualism .
This might have served people well when genuine self - education movements , like the one built around the Little Blue Books in the first half of the 20th century , were in vogue .
In the age of infotainment , it is a recipe for confusion .
Besides fundamentalist religion , perhaps the most potent reason intellectuals struggle in elections is that intellectualism has been equated with subversion .
The brief flirtation of some thinkers with communism a long time ago has been used to create an impression in the public mind that all intellectuals are communists .
Almost every day men such as Rush Limbaugh and Bill O'Reilly rage against the " liberal elites " destroying America .
The spectre of pointy - headed alien subversives was crucial to the election of Reagan and Bush .
A genuine intellectual elite - like the neocons ( some of them former communists ) surrounding Bush - has managed to pitch the political conflict as a battle between ordinary Americans and an over - educated pinko establishment .
Any attempt to challenge the ideas of the rightwing elite has been successfully branded as elitism .
Obama has a lot to offer the US , but none of this will stop if he wins .
Until the great failures of the US education system are reversed or religious fundamentalism withers , there will be political opportunities for people , like Bush and Palin , who flaunt their ignorance .
monbiot.com
• This article was amended on Tuesday November 4 2008 .
The Southern Baptist Convention is not the biggest denomination in the US .
We meant to describe it as the biggest Protestant denomination .
This has been corrected .
Failure Discovered During Pre-Election Testing on Systems Used Widely Throughout U.S. ; Company Failed to Perform Maintenance
Letter Sent from County to Federal Officials Last Week ; Has EAC Notified Other Jurisdictions as Per Their Federal Mandate ?...
John Gideon Byon
11/3/2008 , 3:05 pm PT
Guest Blogged by John Gideon of VotersUnite.org
The U.S. Election Assistance Commission ( EAC ) received this letter [ PDF ] well over a week ago from Oakland County , MI , concerning ES&S precinct - based optical - scan systems that " yielded different results each time " the " same ballots were run through the same machines " ...
The issue is this - four of our communities or eight percent - reported inconsistent vote totals during their logic and accuracy testing with the ES&S machines .
The same ballots , run through the same machines , yielded different results each time .
...
ES&S determined that the primary issue was dust and debris build - up on the sensors inside the M - 100 .
...
Unfortunately , they [ local clerks ] are prohibited from performing any maintenance / cleaning on the machines as it voids the warranties .
ES&S has not performed any preventative maintenance under the state contract , since the machines were delivered three years ago .
This problem , discovered during pre-election " Logic & Accuracy " testing of the systems , would hardly be the first time that ES&S has failed to deliver on maintenance contracts , adversely affecting voters and election results in the bargain .
We saw many similar problems during the 2006 primary election cycle .
These precinct - based scanners are used throughout the nation , as ES&S is the nation 's largest distributor of voting systems in the U.S .
The EAC received this letter a week ago , and we 're trying to learn when it was finally posted to their website .
But , more importantly , as they have a mandate via the Help America Vote Act ( HAVA ) of 2002 to serve as a " clearinghouse " for such voting system problems , has the EAC sent a warning about this issue to any other jurisdictions where the same equipment or company is used ?
OSLO ( Reuters ) - Providing clean water and toilets in developing nations is the quickest way to eradicate poverty and improve health worldwide , a study by the U.N. University said on Sunday .
Installing drinking water and sanitation would pay for itself by saving cash spent on treating diseases , would raise productivity lost to illness and create jobs , it said .
More than 900 million people of about 6.7 billion on the planet lack access to safe drinking water and 2.5 billion live without proper sanitation , it said .
Rising populations and climate change could aggravate stress on water supplies .
“ Simply installing toilets where needed throughout the world and ensuring safe water supplies would do more to end crippling poverty and improve world health than any other measure , ” the University said in a statement .
Founded in 1973 , the U.N. University conducts research into global problems that are of concern to the United Nations and its agencies .
In 2002 , the total number of deaths attributed to poor water , sanitation and hygiene was over 3.5 million , it said .
About 94 percent of cases of diarrhea , which kills more than 1.4 million children a year , are preventable .
Simply building latrines in rural areas can help .
“ There are a lot of community - based solutions that can create jobs , ” said Zafar Adeel , head of the U.N. University ’s Canadian - based International Network on Water , Environment and Health which wrote the study .
Estimates of the extra annual investments needed in water and sanitation ranged from about $ 12 to $ 25 billion , he told Reuters .
He said $ 12 billion was comparable to amounts spent on pet food in North America .
And returns in terms of better health and productivity would be perhaps nine times the investments .
Adeel predicted that the global financial crunch could dry up aid budgets , at least for a couple of years .
Halving the proportion of people living in the most extreme poverty by 2015 is the top goal of governments under the Millennium Development Goals .
Governments also have targets to improve water supplies and sanitation .
-- For Reuters latest environment blogs click on : blogs.reuters.com/environment/
Part two of the Zero Coordinate and EccentricProduction Web documentary series on blogging and political media is now posted .
Have a look .
Cannabis ' could stop dementia in its tracks '
Cannabis may help keep Alzheimer 's disease at bay .
In experiments , a marijuana - based medicine triggered the formation of new brain cells and cut inflammation linked to dementia .
The researchers say that using the information to create a pill suitable for people could help prevent or delay the onset of Alzheimer's .
A medicine based on cannabis ( right ) could help to delay the onset of Alzheimer 's
The incurable disease affects 400,000 Britons , with around 500 new cases diagnosed every day as people live longer .
For some sufferers , drugs can delay the progress of devastating symptoms such as memory loss and the erosion of ability to do everyday things such as washing .
However , there they do not work for everyone and , with the number of patients forecast to double in a generation , there is a desperate need for new treatments .
The US researchers studied the properties of a man-made drug based on THC , the chemical behind the ' high ' of cannabis .
When elderly rats were given the drug for three weeks , it improved their memory , making it easier for them to find their way round a water maze , the Society for Neuroscience 's annual conference heard yesterday ( WEDS ) .
Researcher Dr Yannick Marchalant said ; ' Old rats are not very good at that task .
When we gave them the drug , it made them a little better at that task . '
Other experiments showed that the drug acts on parts of the brain involved in memory , appetite , pain and mood .
The Ohio State University experiments also showed that the drug cut inflammation in the brain and may trigger the production of new neurons or brain cells .
Researcher Professor Gary Wenk said : ' When we 're young , we produce neurons and our memory works fine .
' When we age , the process slows down , so we have a decrease in new cell formation through normal ageing .
' You need these cells to come back and help form new memories and we found that this THC - like agent can influence the creation of these cells . '
Although the drug used was not suitable for use in people , the results could aid the creation of new medicines for Alzheimer's .
It is likely such a drug would be taken to prevent the disease , rather than treat it .
Asked if those with a family history of Alzheimer 's should smoke cannabis to prevent them developing the disease , Dr Wenk said : ' We 're not saying that but it might actually work .
' What we are saying its that it appears that a safe , legal substance that mimics the important properties of marijuana can work on the brain to prevent memory impairments in ageing .
So that 's really hopeful . '
Dr Marchalant added : ' We hope a compound can be found that can target both inflammation and neurogenesis , which would be the most efficient way to produce the best effects . '
The medicinal properties of cannabis have already been harnessed to treat multiple sclerosis .
Sativex , a cannabis - based drug , has been shown to ease the symptoms of multiple sclerosis , including pain , spasms , shaking , depression and anxiety .
The Alzheimer 's Society cautioned against using cannabis itself to stave off dementia .
Professor Clive Ballard , the charity 's director of research , said : ' There are encouraging findings from studies with animals suggesting that some cannabis derivatives may help protect nerve cells in the brain .
' We therefore look forward to robust clinical trials into potential benefits of non-psychoactive components of cannabis .
' It is important for people to note that these treatments are not same as recreational cannabis use which can be potentially harmful . '
Justin Timberlake 's Latest Legal Woes
Singeris being sued by a busboy at his Manhattan barbecue restaurant , Southern Comfort .
Not wanting to mess around , employeehas taken his matter straight to federal court .
Ramales claims that he and other employees did not get their " share " of a gratuity charge that the establishment levies when parties of six or more dine at the establishment .
He also contends that he worked over 40 hours per week and was never paid overtime .
Chris Russell , manager of the BBQ joint , said that this case is " baseless . "
He countered the allegations by saying that not only did the workers get all the tips that were coming to them but that they were paid over and above what other busboys make .
Photo : WENN
Open Doors wants to provide shelters where former Muslims can find safety and spiritual support , said the founder of the organization Anne van der Bijl , known internationally as ‘ Brother Andrew ’ .
" These homes will also provide Bible studies and medical aid , " he added .
Van der Bijl spoke to reporters while launching the Dutch language edition of his book ‘ Secret Believers ’ .
There have also been reports of growing persecution of former Muslims in the Netherlands , with some being forced to move to different cities after death threats from Muslims , Dutch television reported earlier this week .
It was not yet clear when , and if , Open Doors would launch shelters in the Netherlands .
Van der Bijl , 80 , said the latest efforts are part of his organization ’s " special campaign " for ex-Muslims in Islamic countries .
LOSING JOBS
He said Open Doors will also support former Muslims who lost their jobs because of their decision to abandon Islam .
" We will help them finding a new job or provide education so they will be able to change working places , " Van der Bijl explained .
In addition , Open Doors plans to make available lawyers to support persecuted Christians facing court cases , BosNewsLife learned .
The group said many former Muslims are prosecuted by authorities because of their decision to abandon Islam , " despite international treaties on human rights . "
The initiatives are accompanied by prayers .
Open Doors said it will send supporters weekly e-mails urging prayers " three times a day " for a specific believer .
MORE SUFFERING
Van der Bijl said Christians in Muslim nations " suffer even more " than believers in most Communist countries , except in states such as North Korea .
" Under Communism Christians were able to worship in secret .
When they were caught , they could face prison .
In Islamic countries they face the death penalty . "
However Van der Bijl also urges prayers for Muslims .
He also told reporters recently that Christians should pray for Osama Bin Laden , the founder of the al - Qaida terror network , which claimed responsibility for the September 11 attacks in the United States .
" We have to pray for Osama Bin Laden .
Almost everyone says that they wo n’t .
But perhaps that is why he ’s what he is .
We do n’t pray for him , " he said .
" The Bible says that we should pray for our enemies — not that Bin Laden is our enemy — and love those who persecute us . "
The Dutchman came to prominence since the 1950s for smuggling Bibles into the then - communist Soviet Union and its satellite states , with his iconic Volkswagen Beetle car .
He later launched Open Doors , now a global organization .
His first book , ‘ God ’s Smuggler ’ , became an international bestseller with more than 10 million copies sold in English alone .
" Tell me one place where Christians ca n’t go , and I will go there , " he has said .
( With additional reporting by BosNewsLife ’s Stefan J. Bos ) .
The Story of Lot's Daughters
Genesis 19:30 - 38
When her family was at a restaurant one night , Beth heard two young girls at the next table talking .
One girl was saying that a young man had taken her to a party and , after convincing her to drink a huge big bunch of " booze , " put his penis in her .
Now the woman had a baby growing in her tummy .
That made Beth think of a question .
Later , when they were away from others who might be embarrassed , Beth asked her mother a question .
" Mother , " she asked , " is n't it wrong to get someone drunk so that you can have sex with them ? "
Beth 's mother was surprised by the question , but when Beth explained what she had overheard in the restaurant , her mother understood .
To answer the question , her mother told a story , and this is the story she told :
One day , Lot and his two daughters moved out of Zoar to live in the mountains , because he was afraid to live in town .
One night , the older daughter said to the younger one , " Our father is old and there are no men around to put their penises in us .
Let 's get our father drunk so that we can get him to put his penis in us and make babies grow in our tummies . "
So they got their father to drink wine until he was drunk .
Then the older daughter went into their father 's cave and had sex with him , although he did n't notice .
" He did n't notice ? " Beth asked , surprised .
" Lot was very drunk , Dear One , " said her mother .
On the next night , the older said to the youngest , " I got our father to put his penis in me last night .
Tonight , it 's your turn to get him drunk . "
So they made their father drink wine and get drunk again .
When they were done , the younger daughter went into their father 's cave and had sex with him .
Lot did n't notice that the second daughter had had sex with him either .
Babies started to grow in both of the daughters ' tummies .
The first daughter made a son named Moab , and the second daughter made a son named Benammi .
Both of the sons grew up to become great men .
" To God , " Beth 's mother told her , " children are the most important thing .
It does n't matter how a baby starts growing in a woman 's tummy .
Having sex when one of the people is drunk is much better than never having a baby grow in a woman at all . "
Beth thought about this for a moment .
Then she smiled and hugged her mother .
All her questions had been answered .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Verizon Wireless ( s VZ ) today admitted that some of its employees had been looking into President - elect Barack Obama ’s cell phone billing records .
In a release , the company said :
“ This week we learned that a number of Verizon Wireless employees have , without authorization , accessed and viewed President - Elect Barack Obama ’s personal cell phone account .
The account has been inactive for several months .
The device on the account was a simple voice flip - phone , not a BlackBerry or other smartphone designed for e-mail or other data services .
“ All employees who have accessed the account — whether authorized or not — have been put on immediate leave , with pay .
As the circumstances of each individual employee ’s access to the account are determined , the company will take appropriate actions .
Employees with legitimate business needs for access will be returned to their positions , while employees who have accessed the account improperly and without legitimate business justification will face appropriate disciplinary action .
“ We apologize to President - elect Obama and will work to keep the trust our customers place in us every day . ”
This is a good enough reason for all of us to question the privacy policies of our phone companies , which have time and again shown that they are ready to play loose - and - easy with their customer ’s privacy .
Of course , they are known to use underhanded tactics to position themselves as the good guys , though they are anything but .
[ digg=http://digg.com/tech_news/President_Elect_Obama_s_Phone_Records_Breached_By_Verizon]
In my opinion , this breach — regardless of what your political leanings — is not a good thing .
If President - elect Obama ’s records are not safe , who is to say a disgruntled employee wo n’t mess with those of private citizens with whom they have an axe to grind .
What do you think Verizon ’s punishment should be ?
Antanas Mockus had just resigned from the top job of Colombian National University .
A mathematician and philosopher , Mockus looked around for another big challenge and found it : to be in charge of , as he describes it , “ a 6.5 million person classroom . ”
Mockus , who had no political experience , ran for mayor of Bogotá ; he was successful mainly because people in Colombia ’s capital city saw him as an honest guy .
With an educator ’s inventiveness , Mockus turned Bogotá into a social experiment just as the city was choked with violence , lawless traffic , corruption , and gangs of street children who mugged and stole .
It was a city perceived by some to be on the verge of chaos .
People were desperate for a change , for a moral leader of some sort .
The eccentric Mockus , who communicates through symbols , humor , and metaphors , filled the role .
When many hated the disordered and disorderly city of Bogotá , he wore a Superman costume and acted as a superhero called “ Supercitizen . ”
People laughed at Mockus ’ antics , but the laughter began to break the ice of their extreme skepticism .
Mockus , who finished his second term as mayor this past January , recently came to Harvard for two weeks as a visiting fellow at the Kennedy School ’s Institute of Politics to share lessons about civic engagement with students and faculty .
“ We found Mayor Mockus ’ presentation intensely interesting , ” said Adams Professor Jane Mansbidge of the Kennedy School , who invited Mockus to speak in her “ Democracy From Theory to Practice ” class .
“ Our reading had focused on the standard material incentive - based systems for reducing corruption .
He focused on changing hearts and minds – not through preaching but through artistically creative strategies that employed the power of individual and community disapproval .
He also spoke openly , with a lovely partial self - mockery , of his own failings , not suggesting that he was more moral than anyone else .
His presentation made it clear that the most effective campaigns combine material incentives with normative change and participatory stakeholding .
He is a most engaging , almost pixieish math professor , not a stuffy ‘ mayor ’ at all .
The students were enchanted , as was I . ”
A theatrical teacher
The slim , bearded , 51 - year - old former mayor explained himself thus : “ What really moves me to do things that other people consider original is my passion to teach . ”
He has long been known for theatrical displays to gain people ’s attention and , then , to make them think .
Mockus , the only son of a Lithuanian artist , burst onto the Colombian political scene in 1993 when , faced with a rowdy auditorium of the school of arts ’ students , he dropped his pants and mooned them to gain quiet .
The gesture , he said at the time , should be understood “ as a part of the resources which an artist can use . ”
He resigned as rector , the top job of Colombian National University , and soon decided to run for mayor .
The fact that he was seen as an unusual leader gave the new mayor the opportunity to try extraordinary things , such as hiring 420 mimes to control traffic in Bogotá ’s chaotic and dangerous streets .
He launched a “ Night for Women ” and asked the city ’s men to stay home in the evening and care for the children ; 700,000 women went out on the first of three nights that Mockus dedicated to them .
When there was a water shortage , Mockus appeared on TV programs taking a shower and turning off the water as he soaped , asking his fellow citizens to do the same .
In just two months people were using 14 percent less water , a savings that increased when people realized how much money they were also saving because of economic incentives approved by Mockus ; water use is now 40 percent less than before the shortage .
“ The distribution of knowledge is the key contemporary task , ” Mockus said .
“ Knowledge empowers people .
If people know the rules , and are sensitized by art , humor , and creativity , they are much more likely to accept change . ”
Mockus taught vivid lessons with these tools .
One time , he asked citizens to put their power to use with 350,000 “ thumbs - up ” and “ thumbs - down ” cards that his office distributed to the populace .
The cards were meant to approve or disapprove of other citizens ’ behavior ; it was a device that many people actively – and peacefully – used in the streets .
He also asked people to pay 10 percent extra in voluntary taxes .
To the surprise of many , 63,000 people voluntarily paid the extra taxes .
A dramatic indicator of the shift in the attitude of “ Bogotanos ” during Mockus ’ tenure is that , in 2002 , the city collected more than three times the revenues it had garnered in 1990 .
Another Mockus inspiration was to ask people to call his office if they found a kind and honest taxi driver ; 150 people called and the mayor organized a meeting with all those good taxi drivers , who advised him about how to improve the behavior of mean taxi drivers .
The good taxi drivers were named “ Knights of the Zebra , ” a club supported by the mayor ’s office .
Yet Mockus does n’t like to be called a leader .
“ There is a tendency to be dependent on individual leaders , ” he said .
“ To me , it is important to develop collective leadership .
I do n’t like to get credit for all that we achieved .
Millions of people contributed to the results that we achieved … I like more egalitarian relationships .
I especially like to orient people to learn . ”
Taking a moral stand
Still , there were times when Mockus felt he needed to impose his will , such as when he launched the “ Carrot Law , ” demanding that every bar and entertainment place close at 1 a.m. with the goal of diminishing drinking and violence .
Most important to Mockus was his campaign about the importance and sacredness of life .
“ In a society where human life has lost value , ” he said , “ there cannot be another priority than re-establishing respect for life as the main right and duty of citizens . ”
Mockus sees the reduction of homicides from 80 per 100,000 inhabitants in 1993 to 22 per 100,000 inhabitants in 2003 as a major achievement , noting also that traffic fatalities dropped by more than half in the same time period , from an average of 1,300 per year to about 600 .
Contributing to this success was the mayor ’s inspired decision to paint stars on the spots where pedestrians ( 1,500 of them ) had been killed in traffic accidents .
“ Saving a single life justifies the effort , ” Mockus said .
The former mayor had to address many fronts simultaneously .
In his struggle against corruption , he closed down the transit police because many of those 2,000 members were notoriously bribable .
Mockus was a constant presence in the media , promoting his civic campaigns .
“ My messages about the importance of protecting children from being burned with fireworks , protecting children from domestic violence , and the sacredness of life reached many , including the children , ” he said .
Once the mother of a 3 - year - old girl called his office to say that meeting Mockus was her daughter ’s only birthday wish .
But the meeting also revealed , said Mockus , that Colombian society has a long way to go .
During the visit , the mother told him : “ When I am going to hit her , she runs to the telephone and says that she is going to call Mockus .
She does n’t even know how to dial a number , but obviously she thinks that you would protect her . ”
Mockus , who has two daughters himself , was shocked at the woman ’s nonchalance about striking her daughter .
Women ’s night and mimes
There is almost always a civics lesson behind Mockus ’ antics .
Florence Thomas , a feminist and a professor at Colombian National University , pointed out to Mockus that in Bogotá women were afraid to go out at night .
“ At that time , we were also looking for what would be the best image of a safe city , and I realized that if you see streets with many women you feel safer , ” Mockus explained .
So he asked men to stay home and suggested that both sexes should take advantage of the “ Night for Women ” to reflect on women ’s role in society .
About 700,000 women went out , flocking to free , open - air concerts .
They flooded into bars that offered women - only drink specials and strolled down a central boulevard that had been converted into a pedestrian zone .
To avoid legal challenges , the mayor stated that the men ’s curfew was strictly voluntary .
Men who simply could n’t bear to stay indoors during the six - hour restriction were asked to carry self - styled “ safe conduct ” passes .
About 200,000 men went out that night , some of them angrily calling Mockus a “ clown ” in TV interviews .
But most men graciously embraced Mockus ’ campaign .
In the lower - middle - class neighborhood of San Cristobal , women marched through the streets to celebrate their night .
When they saw a man staying at home , carrying a baby , or taking care of children , the women stopped and applauded .
That night the police commander was a woman , and 1,500 women police were in charge of Bogotá ’s security .
Another innovative idea was to use mimes to improve both traffic and citizens ’ behavior .
Initially 20 professional mimes shadowed pedestrians who did n’t follow crossing rules :
A pedestrian running across the road would be tracked by a mime who mocked his every move .
Mimes also poked fun at reckless drivers .
The program was so popular that another 400 people were trained as mimes .
“ It was a pacifist counterweight , ” Mockus said .
“ With neither words nor weapons , the mimes were doubly unarmed .
My goal was to show the importance of cultural regulations . ”
A bigger classroom ?
Mockus noted that his administrations were enlightened by academic concepts , including the work of Nobel Prize - winning economist Douglass North , who has investigated the tension between formal and informal rules and how economic development is restrained when those rules clash ; and Jürgen Habermas ’ work on how dialogue creates social capital .
Mockus also mentions Socrates , who said that if people understood well , they probably would not act in the wrong way .
Luis Eduardo Garzón , the new mayor of Bogotá , is the first leftist who has been in charge of the second - most important political position in Colombia .
Said Mockus , “ His election expresses a consensus around the importance of addressing social issues .
Garzón has the challenge of opening space to new political forces in a country that has been dominated by a ‘ bipartidismo bobo ’ ( dumb two - party system ) . ”
Mockus – a sterling exemplar of the current vogue in Latin America for “ anti-politicians ” – says that transforming Bogotá ’s people and their sense of civic culture was the key to solving many of the city ’s problems .
He is looking forward to returning to the classroom at Colombian National University after a sabbatical year .
But Mockus is also considering the possibility of launching a presidential campaign – and perhaps being in charge of a 42 million student classroom .
María Cristina Caballero , a native of Bogotá , is a fellow at Harvard University ’s Center for Public Leadership at the John F. Kennedy School of Government .
More of Mockus in Bogotá
Here are a few more innovations from Antanas Mockus ’ two mayoral terms :
PRINCETON , NJ -- Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are most interested in seeing Sarah Palin , Mitt Romney , and Mike Huckabee run for the party 's presidential nomination in 2012 .
Those three received the highest scores among the 10 possible candidates evaluated in a recent Gallup Panel survey .
The Nov. 5 - 16 survey asked a nationally representative sample of Gallup panelists who identify themselves as Republicans or are political independents but " lean " to the Republican Party to say whether they " would or would not like to see " each of 10 Republicans " run for president in 2012 . "
Palin , Romney , and Huckabee -- all of whom raised their national profiles during the 2008 campaign -- top the list .
Romney and Huckabee unsuccessfully sought the presidential nomination versus John McCain , and McCain tapped Palin as his vice - presidential running mate .
But not all 2008 GOP national candidates rated as highly in the survey .
Republicans are evenly divided as to whether Rudy Giuliani should make another attempt at the White House .
Giuliani was the early front - runner for the 2008 nomination , but performed poorly in the early primaries and caucuses before dropping out of the race .
The only other person evaluated who received a more positive than negative review is Gen. David Petraeus , head of the United States Central Command .
It is unclear whether Petraeus would enter politics , but his growing acclaim owing to U.S. progress in Iraq could make him somewhat of a " dream " candidate for the GOP , similar to ruminations about Gen.
Dwight Eisenhower in 1952 ( who ran ) and Gen. Colin Powell in 1996 ( who did not ) .
Republicans are also evenly divided on potential candidacies from former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal .
Of the two , Gingrich is much better known , but the young governor was considered a potential McCain running mate and is thought to be a serious contender for national office in the future .
Republicans are decidedly unenthusiastic about possible White House bids from former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , current Florida Gov. Charlie Crist , and South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham .
Bush 's prospects are obviously hurt by the dissatisfaction with his older brother 's White House term and perhaps a lack of enthusiasm for a third member of the Bush family as president .
Crist and Graham were key McCain supporters early in the primaries , and helped him to critical primary wins in their home states .
But the GOP rank - and - file apparently does not want these McCain loyalists to become presidential candidates themselves .
It is unclear whether this has anything to do with their affiliation with McCain , although it should be pointed out that Republicans still regarded McCain quite positively after his election defeat .
Palin Appeals to Conservatives
Members of the 2008 Republican field each sought to establish himself as the " true conservative " candidate in an attempt to appeal to the vast majority of the party 's voters .
For the 2012 campaign , Palin would seem to have a slight edge over the rest of the possible candidates in establishing an early foothold among the party 's base .
Seventy - three percent of Republicans who describe their political views as " conservative " would like to see Palin run in 2012 , significantly more than any other candidate .
Liberal and moderate Republicans , in turn , are somewhat cool to a 2012 Palin bid .
This group tends to favor Romney over any of the other potential candidates .
As the table shows , conservative Republicans are in general more enthusiastic about most of the candidates seeking the White House than are moderate and liberal Republicans .
In fact , of the 10 candidates tested , there are only 2 ( Giuliani and Romney ) for whom moderate and liberal Republicans are significantly more likely to favor than oppose a White House bid .
Survey Methods
Results for this Gallup Panel study are based on telephone interviews with 799 Republicans and Republican - leaning independents , aged 18 and older , conducted Nov. 5 - 16 , 2008 .
The survey was the post-election phase of a pre-/post - election survey of approximately 2,000 Gallup Panel members .
Gallup Panel members are recruited through random selection methods .
The panel is weighted so that it is demographically representative of the U.S. adult population .
For results based on this sample , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±4 percentage points .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
Introduction
When Netscape started the Mozilla browser , it made the conscious decision to support W3C standards .
As a result , Mozilla is not fully backwards - compatible with Netscape Navigator 4.x and Microsoft Internet Explorer legacy code ; for example , Mozilla does not support < layer > as I will discuss later .
Browsers , like Internet Explorer 4 , that were built before the conception of W3C standards inherited many quirks .
In this article , I will describe Mozilla 's quirks mode , which provides strong backwards HTML compatibility with Internet Explorer and other legacy browsers .
I 'll also cover nonstandard technologies , such as XMLHttpRequest and rich text editing , that Mozilla does support because no W3C equivalent existed at the time .
They include :
General cross - browser coding tips
Even though Web standards do exist , different browsers behave differently ( in fact , the same browser may behave differently depending on the platform ) .
Many browsers , such as Internet Explorer , also support pre-W3C APIs and have never added extensive support for the W3C - compliant ones .
Before I go into the differences between Mozilla and Internet Explorer , I 'll cover some basic ways you can make a Web application extensible in order to add new browser support later .
Since different browsers sometimes use different APIs for the same functionality , you can often find multiple if ( ) else ( ) blocks throughout the code to differentiate between the browsers .
The following code shows blocks designated for Internet Explorer :
. . . var elm ; if ( ns4 ) elm = document.layers [ " myID " ] ; else if ( ie4 ) elm = document.all [ " myID " ]
The above code is n't extensible , so if you want it to support a new browser , you must update these blocks throughout the Web application .
The easiest way to eliminate the need to recode for a new browser is to abstract out functionality .
Rather than multiple if ( ) else ( ) blocks , you increase efficiency by taking common tasks and abstracting them out into their own functions .
Not only does this make the code easier to read , it simplifies adding support for new clients :
var elm = getElmById ( " myID " ) ; function getElmById ( aID ) { var element = null ; if ( isMozilla || isIE5 ) element = document.getElementById( aID ) ; else if ( isNetscape4 ) element = document.layers [ aID ] ; else if ( isIE4 ) element = document.all [ aID ] ; return element ; }
The above code still has the issue of browser sniffing , or detecting which browser the user is using .
Browser sniffing is usually done through the useragent , such as :
Mozilla /5.0 ( X11 ; U ; Linux i686 ; en-US ; rv:1.5 ) Gecko/20031016
While using the useragent to sniff the browser provides detailed information on the browser in use , code that handles useragents often can make mistakes when new browser versions arrive , thus requiring code changes .
It is much better and more reliable to sniff by browser capability or object feature support .
You can usually do this by testing the required functionality in JavaScript .
For example , rather than :
if ( isMozilla || isIE5 )
You would use :
if ( document.getElementById )
This would allow other browsers that support that W3C standard method , such as Opera or Safari , to work without any changes .
Useragent sniffing makes sense in very limited cases where you really do want to know the exact browser in use , such as when you need to work around a bug in a specific version of a specific browser .
For all other purposes you should check for the feature you need rather than the browsers you think will support that feature .
JavaScript also allows inline conditional statements , which can help with code readability :
var foo = ( condition ) ?
conditionIsTrue : conditionIsFalse ;
For example , to retrieve an element , you would use :
function getElement ( aID ) { return ( document.getElementById ) ? document.getElementById(aID ) : document.all[ aID ] ) ; }
Differences between Mozilla and Internet Explorer
First , I 'll discuss the differences in the way HTML behaves between Mozilla and Internet Explorer .
Tooltips
Legacy browsers introduced tooltips into HTML by showing them on links and using the value of the alt attribute as a tooltip 's content .
The latest W3C HTML specification created the title attribute , which is meant to contain a detailed description of the link .
Modern browsers will use the title attribute to display tooltips , and Mozilla only supports showing tooltips for that attribute and not the alt attribute .
Entities
HTML markup can contain several entities , which the W3C web standards body has defined .
You can reference entities through their numerical or character reference .
For example , you can reference the non-breaking space character with or with its equivalent character reference .
Some older browsers , such as Internet Explorer , had such quirks as allowing you to use entities by replacing the ; ( semi- colon ) character at the end with regular text content :
Foo Foo
Internet Explorer will render the above as white spaces , even though that is against the W3C specification .
The browser will not parse a if it is directly followed by more characters , for example :
12345
This code does not work in Mozilla , since it goes against the W3C web standards .
Always use the correct form ( ) to avoid browser discrepancies .
DOM differences
The Document Object Model ( DOM ) is the tree structure that contains the document elements .
You can manipulate it through JavaScript APIs , which the W3C has standardized .
However , prior to W3C standardization , Netscape 4 and Internet Explorer 4 implemented the APIs similarly .
Mozilla only implements legacy APIs if they are unachievable with W3C web standards .
Accessing elements
To retrieve an element reference using the cross - browser approach , you use document.getElementById( aID ) , which works in Internet Explorer 5.0+ , Mozilla - based browsers , other W3C - compliant browsers and is part of the DOM Level 1 specification .
Mozilla does not support accessing an element through document .
elementName or even through the element 's name , which Internet Explorer does ( also called global namespace polluting ) .
Mozilla also does not support the Netscape 4 document .
layers method and Internet Explorer 's document.all .
While document.getElementById lets you retrieve one element , you can also use document .
layers and document . all to obtain a list of all document elements with a certain tag name , such as all < div > elements .
The W3C DOM Level 1 method gets references to all elements with the same tag name through getElementsByTagName ( ) .
The method returns an array in JavaScript , and can be called on the document element or other nodes to search only their subtree .
To get an array of all elements in the DOM tree , you can use getElementsByTagName ( " * " ) .
The DOM Level 1 methods , as shown in Table 1 , are commonly used to move an element to a certain position and toggle its visibility ( menus , animations ) .
Netscape 4 used the < layer > tag , which Mozilla does not support , as an HTML element that can be positioned anywhere .
In Mozilla , you can position any element using the < div > tag , which Internet Explorer uses as well and which you 'll find in the HTML specification .
Table 1 . Methods used to access elements Method Description document.getElementById(
a Id )
Returns a reference to the element with the specified ID .
document.getElementsByTagName( aTagName )
Returns an array of elements with the specified name in the document .
Traverse the DOM
Mozilla supports the W3C DOM APIs for traversing the DOM tree through JavaScript ( see Table 2 ) .
The APIs exist for each node in the document and allow walking the tree in any direction .
Internet Explorer supports these APIs as well , but it also supports its legacy APIs for walking a DOM tree , such as the children property .
Table 2 .
Methods used to traverse the DOM Property / Method Description childNodes Returns an array of all child nodes of the element .
firstChild Returns the first child node of the element .
getAttribute ( aAttributeName )
Returns the value for the specified attribute .
hasAttribute ( aAttributeName )
Returns a boolean stating if the current node has an attribute defined with the specified name .
has ChildNodes ()
Returns a boolean stating whether the current node has any child nodes .
lastChild Returns the last child node of the element .
nextSibling Returns the node immediately following the current one .
nodeName Returns the name of the current node as a string .
nodeType Returns the type of the current node .
Value Description 1 Element Node 2 Attribute Node 3 Text Node 4 CDATA Section Node 5 Entity Reference Node 6 Entity Node 7 Processing Instruction Node 8 Comment Node 9 Document Node 10 Document Type Node 11 Document Fragment Node 12 Notation Node nodeValue
Returns the value of the current node .
For nodes that contain text , such as text and comment nodes , it will return their string value .
For attribute nodes , the attribute value is returned .
For all other nodes , null is returned .
ownerDocument Returns the document object containing the current node .
parentNode Returns the parent node of the current node .
previousSibling Returns the node immediately preceding the current one .
removeAttribute ( aName )
Removes the specified attribute from the current node .
setAttribute ( aName , aValue )
Sets the value of the specified attribute with the specified value .
Internet Explorer has a nonstandard quirk , where many of these APIs will skip white space text nodes that are generated , for example , by new line characters .
Mozilla will not skip these , so sometimes you need to distinguish these nodes .
Every node has a nodeType property specifying the node type .
For example , an element node has type 1 , while a text node has type 3 and a comment node is type 8 .
The best way to only process element nodes is to iterate over all child nodes and only process those with a nodeType of 1 :
HTML : < div id = " foo " > < span> Test</ span > </div >
JavaScript : var myDiv = document.getElementById( " foo " ) ; var myChildren = myDiv.childNodes ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < myChildren.length ; i++) { if ( myChildren[i].nodeType == 1 ) { // element node } ; } ;
Generate and manipulate content
Mozilla supports the legacy methods for adding content into the DOM dynamically , such as document .
write , document.open and document .close .
Mozilla also supports Internet Explorer 's innerHTML method , which it can call on almost any node .
It does not , however , support outerHTML ( which adds markup around an element , and has no standard equivalent ) and innerText ( which sets the text value of the node , and which you can achieve in Mozilla by using textContent ) .
Internet Explorer has several content manipulation methods that are nonstandard and unsupported in Mozilla , including retrieving the value , inserting text and inserting elements adjacent to a node , such as getAdjacentElement and insertAdjacentHTML .
Table 3 shows how the W3C standard and Mozilla manipulate content , all of which are methods of any DOM node .
Table 3 . Methods Mozilla uses to manipulate content Method Description appendChild ( a Node )
Creates a new child node .
Returns a reference to the new child node .
cloneNode ( a Deep )
Makes a copy of the node it is called on and returns the copy .
If aDeep is true , it copies over the node 's entire subtree .
createElement ( aTagName )
Creates and returns a new and parentless DOM node of the type specified by aTagName .
createTextNode ( a TextValue )
Creates and returns a new and parentless DOM textnode with the data value specified by a TextValue. insertBefore ( aNewNode , aChildNode )
Inserts aNewNode before aChildNode , which must be a child of the current node .
removeChild ( a ChildNode ) Removes aChildNode and returns a reference to it .
replaceChild ( aNewNode , aChildNode )
Replaces aChildNode with aNewNode and returns a reference to the removed node .
Document fragments
For performance reasons , you can create documents in memory , rather than working on the existing document 's DOM .
DOM Level 1
Core introduced document fragments , which are lightweight documents that contain a subset of a normal document 's interfaces .
For example , getElementBy
Id does not exist , but appendChild does .
You can also easily add document fragments to existing documents .
Mozilla creates document fragments through document.createDocumentFragment( ) , which returns an empty document fragment .
Internet Explorer 's implementation of document fragments , however , does not comply with the W3C web standards and simply returns a regular document .
JavaScript differences
Most differences between Mozilla and Internet Explorer are usually blamed on JavaScript .
However , the issues usually lie in the APIs that a browser exposes to JavaScript , such as the DOM hooks .
The two browsers possess few core JavaScript differences ; issues encountered are often timing related .
The only Date difference is the get Year method .
As per the ECMAScript specification ( which is the specification JavaScript follows ) , running new Date ( ) .getYear ( ) in 2004 will return " 104 " .
Per the ECMAScript specification , get Year returns the year minus 1900 , originally meant to return " 98 " for 1998 .
getYear was deprecated in ECMAScript Version 3 and replaced with getFullYear ( ) .
Internet Explorer uses an obsolete behavior for getYear ( ) , similar to Netscape 4 and earlier , returning the year minus 1900 for years 1900 - 1999 , and the full year for any other year .
( i.e. for 1999 , getYear ( ) returns 99 , for 2000 , it returns 2000 ) .
JavaScript execution differences
Different browsers execute JavaScript differently .
For example , the following code assumes that the div node already exists in the DOM by the time the script block executes :
... < div id =" foo " > Loading ...</div > < script > document.getElementById(" foo " ) .innerHTML
= " Done . " ; </ script >
However , this is not guaranteed .
To be sure that all elements exist , you should use the onload event handler on the < body > tag :
< body onload = " doFinish ( ) ; " > < div id =" foo " > Loading ...</div> < script > function doFinish ( ) { var element = document.getElementById( " foo " ) ; element.innerHTML
= " Done . " ; } </script > ...
Such timing - related issues are also hardware - related -- slower systems can reveal bugs that faster systems hide .
One concrete example is window.open , which opens a new window :
< script > function doOpenWindow ( ) { var myWindow = window.open ( " about : blank " ) ; myWindow.location.href = " http://www.ibm.com " ; } </script >
The problem with the code is that window.open is asynchronous -- it does not block the JavaScript execution until the window has finished loading .
Therefore , you may execute the line after the window.open line before the new window has finished .
You can deal with this by having an onload handler in the new window and then call back into the opener window ( using window.opener ) .
Differences in JavaScript - generating HTML
JavaScript can , through document .
write , generate HTML on the fly from a string .
The main issue here is when JavaScript , embedded inside an HTML document ( thus , inside an < script > tag ) , generates HTML that contains a < script > tag .
If the document is in strict rendering mode , it will parse the < / script > inside the string as the closing tag for the enclosing < script > .
The following code illustrates this best :
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional //EN " " http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd " > ... < script > document.write ( " < script type='text/javascript '> alert ( ' Hello' ) ;</ script > " ) </ script >
Since the page is in strict mode , Mozilla 's parser will see the first < script > and parse until it finds a closing tag for it , which would be the first </ script > .
This is because the parser has no knowledge about JavaScript ( or any other language ) when in strict mode .
In quirks mode , the parser is aware of JavaScript when parsing ( which slows it down ) .
Internet Explorer is always in quirks mode , as it does not support true XHTML .
To make this work in strict mode in Mozilla , separate the string into two parts :
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional //EN " " http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd " > ... < script > document.write ( " < script type='text\/javascript'> alert (' Hello' ) ; </ " + " script > " ) </ script >
Debug JavaScript
Mozilla provides several ways to debug JavaScript - related issues found in applications created for Internet Explorer .
The first tool is the built - in JavaScript console , shown in Figure 1 , where errors and warnings are logged .
You can access it in Mozilla by going to Tools -> Web Development -> JavaScript Console or in Firefox ( the standalone browser product from Mozilla ) at Tools -> JavaScript Console .
Figure 1 . JavaScript console
The JavaScript console can show the full log list or just errors , warnings , and messages .
The error message in Figure 1 says that at aol.com , line 95 tries to access an undefined variable called is_ns70 .
Clicking on the link will open Mozilla 's internal view source window with the offending line highlighted .
The console also allows you to evaluate JavaScript .
To evaluate the entered JavaScript syntax , type in 1+1 into the input field and press Evaluate , as Figure 2 shows .
Figure 2 . JavaScript console evaluating
Mozilla 's JavaScript engine has built - in support for debugging , and thus can provide powerful tools for JavaScript developers .
Venkman , shown in Figure 3 , is a powerful , cross- platform JavaScript debugger that integrates with Mozilla .
It is usually bundled with Mozilla releases ; you can find it at Tools -> Web Development -> JavaScript Debugger .
For Firefox , the debugger is n't bundled ; instead , you can download and install it from the Venkman Project Page .
You can also find tutorials at the development page , located at the Venkman Development Page .
Figure 3 . Mozilla 's JavaScript debugger
The JavaScript debugger can debug JavaScript running in the Mozilla browser window .
It supports such standard debugging features as breakpoint management , call stack inspection , and variable / object inspection .
All features are accessible through the user interface or through the debugger 's interactive console .
With the console , you can execute arbitrary JavaScript in the same scope as the JavaScript currently being debugged .
CSS differences
Mozilla - based products have the strongest support for Cascading Style Sheets ( CSS ) , including most of CSS1 , CSS2.1 and parts of CSS3 , compared to Internet Explorer as well as all other browsers .
For most issues mentioned below , Mozilla will add an error or warning entry into the JavaScript console .
Check the JavaScript console if you encounter CSS - related issues .
Mimetypes ( when CSS files are not applied )
The most common CSS - related issue is that CSS definitions inside referenced CSS files are not applied .
This is usually due to the server sending the wrong mimetype for the CSS file .
The CSS specification states that CSS files should be served with the text / css mimetype .
Mozilla will respect this and only load CSS files with that mimetype if the Web page is in strict standards mode .
Internet Explorer will always load the CSS file , no matter with which mimetype it is served .
Web pages are considered in strict standards mode when they start with a strict doctype .
To solve this problem , you can make the server send the right mimetype or remove the doctype .
I 'll discuss more about doctypes in the next section .
CSS and units
Many Web applications do not use units with their CSS , especially when you use JavaScript to set the CSS .
Mozilla tolerates this , as long as the page is not rendered in strict mode .
Since Internet Explorer does not support true XHTML , it does not care if no units are specified .
If the page is in strict standards mode , and no units are used , then Mozilla ignores the style :
< DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01//EN " " http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/strict.dtd " > < html > < head > < meta http-equiv= " Content - Type " content = " text / html ; charset=iso -8859-1 " > < title > CSS and units example </ title > </ head > < body > // works in strict mode < div style = " width : 40 px ; border : 1 px solid black ; " >
Text </div > // will fail in strict mode < div style = " width : 40 ; border : 1 px solid black ; " >
Text </div > </ body > </html >
Since the above example has a strict doctype , the page is rendered in strict standards mode .
The first div will have a width of 40 px , since it uses units , but the second div wo n't get a width , and thus will default to 100 % width .
The same would apply if the width were set through JavaScript .
JavaScript and CSS
Since Mozilla supports the CSS standards , it also supports the CSS DOM standard for setting CSS through JavaScript .
You can access , remove , and change an element 's CSS rules through the element 's style member :
< div id =" myDiv " style= " border : _fckstyle= " border : 1 px solid black ; " >
Text </div > < script > var myElm = document.getElementById(" myDiv " ) ; myElm.style .width = " 40 px " ; </ script >
You can reach every CSS attribute that way .
Again , if the Web page is in strict mode , you must set a unit or else Mozilla will ignore the command .
When you query a value , say through . style .
width , in Mozilla and Internet Explorer , the returned value will contain the unit , meaning a string is returned .
You can convert the string into a number through parseFloat ( " 40 px " ) .
CSS overflow differences
CSS added the notion of overflow , which allows you to define how to handle overflow ; for example , when the contents of a div with a specified height are taller than that height .
The CSS standard defines that if no overflow behavior is set in this case , the div contents will overflow .
However , Internet Explorer does not comply with this and will expand the div beyond its set height in order to hold the contents .
Below is an example that shows this difference :
< div style = " height : _fckstyle = " height : 100 px ; border : 1 px solid black ; " > < div style = " height : 150 px ; border : 1 px solid red ; margin : 10 px ; " > a </div > </div >
As you can see in Figure 4 , Mozilla acts like the W3C standard specifies .
The W3C standard says that , in this case , the inner div overflows to the bottom since the inner content is taller than its parent .
If you prefer the Internet Explorer behavior , simply do not specify a height on the outer element .
Figure 4 . DIV overflow
hover differences
The nonstandard CSS hover behavior in Internet Explorer occurs on quite a few web sites .
It usually manifests itself by changing text style when hovered over in Mozilla , but not in Internet Explorer .
This is because the a :hover CSS selector in Internet Explorer matches < a href= " " >...</ a> but not < a name= " " >...</a> , which sets anchors in HTML .
The text changes occur because authors encapsulate the areas with the anchor - setting markup :
CSS : a:hover {color : green;}
HTML : < a href= " foo.com " >
This text should turn green when you hover over it .</a> < a name = " anchor - name " >
This text should change color when hovered over , but does n't in Internet Explorer .
</a>
Mozilla follows the CSS specification correctly and will change the color to green in this example .
You can use two ways to make Mozilla behave like Internet Explorer and not change the color of the text when hovered over :
First , you can change the CSS rule to be a : link : hover {color : green;} , which will only change the color if the element is a link ( has an href attribute ) .
, which will only change the color if the element is a link ( has an attribute ) .
Alternatively , you can change the markup and close the opened < a /> before the start of the text -- the anchor will continue to work this way .
Quirks versus standards mode
Older legacy browsers , such as Internet Explorer 4 , rendered with so - called quirks under certain conditions .
While Mozilla aims to be a standards - compliant browser , it has three modes that support older Web pages created with these quirky behaviors .
The page 's content and delivery determine which mode Mozilla will use .
Mozilla will indicate the rendering mode in View -> Page Info ( or Ctrl +I ) ; Firefox will list the rendering mode in Tools -> Page Info .
The mode in which a page is located depends on its doctype .
Doctypes ( short for document type declarations ) look like this :
<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional //EN " " http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd " >
The section in blue is called the public identifier , the green part is the system identifier , which is a URI .
Standards mode
Standards mode is the strictest rendering mode -- it will render pages per the W3C HTML and CSS specifications and will not support any quirks .
Mozilla uses it for the following conditions :
If a page is sent with a text / xml mimetype or any other XML or XHTML mimetype
mimetype or any other XML or XHTML mimetype For any " DOCTYPE HTML SYSTEM " doctype ( for example , <! DOCTYPE HTML SYSTEM " http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/strict.dtd " > ) , except for the IBM doctype
) , except for the IBM doctype
For unknown doctypes or doctypes without DTDs
Almost standards mode
Mozilla introduced almost standards mode for one reason : a section in the CSS 2 specification breaks designs based on a precise layout of small images in table cells .
Instead of forming one image to the user , each small image ends up with a gap next to it .
The old IBM homepage shown in Figure 5 offers an example .
Figure 5 . Image gap
Almost standards mode behaves almost exactly as standards mode , except when it comes to an image gap issue .
The issue occurs often on standards - compliant pages and causes them to display incorrectly .
Mozilla uses almost standards mode for the following conditions :
For any " loose " doctype ( for example , <! DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional //EN " > , <!
DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional //EN " " http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd " > )
, )
For the IBM doctype ( <! DOCTYPE html SYSTEM " http://www.ibm.com/data/dtd/v11/ibmxhtml1-transitional.dtd " > )
You can read more about the image gap issue .
Quirks mode
Currently , the Web is full of invalid HTML markup , as well as markup that only functions due to bugs in browsers .
The old Netscape browsers , when they were the market leaders , had bugs .
When Internet Explorer arrived , it mimicked those bugs in order to work with the content at that time .
As newer browsers came to market , most of these original bugs , usually called quirks , were kept for backwards compatibility .
Mozilla supports many of these in its quirks rendering mode .
Note that due to these quirks , pages will render slower than if they were fully standards - compliant .
Most Web pages are rendered under this mode .
Mozilla uses quirks mode for the following conditions :
When no doctype is specified
For doctypes without a system identifier ( for example , <!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional //EN " > )
For further reading , check out : Mozilla Quirks Mode Behavior and Mozilla 's DOCTYPE sniffing .
Event differences
Mozilla and Internet Explorer are almost completely different in the area of events .
The Mozilla event model follows the W3C and Netscape model .
In Internet Explorer , if a function is called from an event , it can access the event object through window. event .
Mozilla passes an event object to event handlers .
They must specifically pass the object on to the function called through an argument .
A cross -browser event handling example follows ( note that it means you can't define a global variable named event in your code ) :
< div onclick =" handleEvent( event ) ; " > Click me !</div> < script > function handleEvent ( aEvent ) { var myEvent = window.event ?
window.event : aEvent ; } </script >
The properties and functions that the event object exposes are also often named differently in Mozilla and Internet Explorer , as Table 4 shows .
Table 4 . Event properties differences between Mozilla and Internet Explorer Internet Explorer Name Mozilla Name Description altKey altKey Boolean property that returns whether the alt key was pressed during the event .
cancelBubble stopPropagation ( )
Used to stop the event from bubbling farther up the tree .
clientX clientX
The X coordinate of the event , in relation to the element viewport .
clientY clientY
The Y coordinate of the event , in relation to the element viewport .
ctrlKey ctrlKey Boolean property that returns whether the Ctrl key was pressed during the event .
fromElement relatedTarget
For mouse events , this is the element from which the mouse moved away .
keyCode keyCode
For keyboard events , this is a number representing the key that was pressed .
It is 0 for mouse events .
For keypress events ( not keydown / keyup ) of keys that produce output , the Mozilla equivalent is charCode , not keyCode. returnValue preventDefault ( )
Used to prevent the event 's default action from occurring .
screenX screenX
The X coordinate of the event , in relation to the screen .
screenY screenY
The Y coordinate of the event , in relation to the screen .
shiftKey shiftKey Boolean property that returns whether the Shift key was pressed during the event .
srcElement target
The element to which the event was originally dispatched .
toElement currentTarget
For mouse events , this is the element to which the mouse moved .
type type Returns the name of the event .
Attach event handlers
Mozilla supports two ways to attach events through JavaScript .
The first , supported by all browsers , sets event properties directly on objects .
To set a click event handler , a function reference is passed to the object 's onclick property :
< div id =" myDiv " > Click me !</div> < script > function handleEvent ( aEvent ) { // if aEvent is null , means the Internet Explorer event model , // so get window.event .
var myEvent = aEvent ?
a Event : window.event ; } function onPageLoad ( ) { document.getElementById(" myDiv" ) .onclick = handleEvent ; } </script >
Mozilla fully supports the W3C standard way of attaching listeners to DOM nodes .
You use the addEventListener ( ) and removeEventListener ( ) methods , and have the benefit of being able to set multiple listeners for the same event type .
Both methods require three parameters : the event type , a function reference , and a boolean denoting whether the listener should catch events in their capture phase .
If the boolean is set to false , it will only catch bubbling events .
W3C events have three phases : capturing , at target , and bubbling .
Every event object has an eventPhase attribute indicating the phase numerically ( 0 indexed ) .
Every time you trigger an event , the event starts at the DOM 's outermost element , the element at the top of the DOM tree .
It then walks the DOM using the most direct route toward the target , which is the capturing phase .
When the event reaches the target , the event is in the target phase .
After arriving at the target , it walks up the DOM tree back to the outermost node ; this is bubbling .
Internet Explorer 's event model only has the bubbling phase ; therefore , setting the third parameter to false results in Internet Explorer - like behavior :
< div id =" myDiv " > Click me !</div> < script > function handleEvent ( aEvent ) { // if aEvent is null , it is the Internet Explorer event model , // so get window.event .
var myEvent = aEvent ?
a Event : window.event ; } function onPageLoad ( ) { var element = document.getElementById(" myDiv " ) ; element.addEventListener( " click " , handleEvent , false ) ; } </script >
One advantage of addEventListener ( ) and removeEventListener ( ) over setting properties is that you can have multiple event listeners for the same event , each calling another function .
Thus , to remove an event listener requires all three parameters be the same as the ones you use when adding the listener .
Mozilla does not support Internet Explorer 's method of converting < script > tags into event handlers , which extends < script > with for and event attributes ( see Table 5 ) .
It also does not support the attachEvent and detachEvent methods .
Instead , you should use the addEventListener and removeEventListener methods .
Internet Explorer does not support the W3C events specification .
However , IE can be remediated to support addEventListener and removeEventListener .
Table 5 . Event method differences between Mozilla and Internet Explorer Internet Explorer Method Mozilla Method Description attachEvent ( aEventType , a FunctionReference ) addEventListener ( aEventType , aFunctionReference , aUseCapture )
Adds an event listener to a DOM element .
detachEvent( aEventType , a FunctionReference ) removeEventListener ( aEventType , aFunctionReference , aUseCapture ) Removes an event listener to a DOM element .
Rich text editing
While Mozilla prides itself with being the most W3C web standards compliant browser , it does support nonstandard functionality , such as innerHTML and rich text editing , if no W3C equivalent exists .
Mozilla 1.3 introduced an implementation of Internet Explorer 's designMode feature , which turns an HTML document into a rich text editor field .
Once turned into the editor , commands can run on the document through the execCommand command .
Mozilla also supports Internet Explorer 's contentEditable attribute for making any widget editable .
Alternatively , you could use an iframe to add a rich text editor .
Rich text differences
Mozilla supports the W3C standard of accessing iframe 's document object through IFrameElmRef.contentDocument , while Internet Explorer requires you to access it through document .
frames [ " IframeName " ] and then access the resulting document :
< script > function getIFrameDocument ( aID ) { var rv = null ; // if contentDocument exists , W3C compliant ( Mozilla ) if ( document.getElementById(aID).contentDocument ) { rv = document.getElementById(aID).contentDocument ; } else { // IE rv = document .
frames [ aID ].document ; } return rv ; } </ script >
Another difference between Mozilla and Internet Explorer is the HTML that the rich text editor creates .
Mozilla defaults to using CSS for the generated markup .
However , Mozilla allows you to toggle between HTML and CSS mode using the useCSS execCommand and toggling it between true and false .
Internet Explorer always uses HTML markup .
Mozilla ( CSS ) : < span style = " color : blue ; " > Big Blue < / span > Mozilla ( HTML ) : < font color = " blue " >
Big Blue</ font > Internet Explorer : < FONT color= " blue " >
Big Blue</ FONT >
Below is a list of commands that execCommand in Mozilla supports :
Table 6 . Rich text editing commands Command Name Description Argument bold Toggles the selection 's bold attribute .
--- createlink Generates an HTML link from the selected text .
The URL to use for the link delete Deletes the selection .
--- fontname Changes the font used in the selected text .
The font name to use ( Arial , for example ) fontsize Changes the font size used in the selected text .
The font size to use fontcolor Changes the font color used in the selected text .
The color to use indent Indents the block where the caret is .
--- inserthorizontalrule Inserts an < hr > element at the cursor 's position .
--- insertimage Inserts an image at the cursor 's position .
URL of the image to use insertorderedlist Inserts an ordered list ( < ol > ) element at the cursor 's position .
--- insertunorderedlist Inserts an unordered list ( < ul > ) element at the cursor 's position .
--- italic
Toggles the selection 's italicize attribute .
--- justifycenter Centers the content at the current line .
--- justifyleft Justifies the content at the current line to the left .
--- justifyright Justifies the content at the current line to the right .
--- outdent Outdents the block where the caret is .
--- redo Redoes the previous undo command .
--- removeformat Removes all formatting from the selection .
--- selectall Selects everything in the rich text editor .
--- strikethrough Toggles the strikethrough of the selected text .
--- subscript Converts the current selection into subscript .
--- superscript Converts the current selection into superscript .
--- underline Toggles the underline of the selected text .
--- undo
Undoes the last executed command .
--- unlink Removes all link information from the selection .
--- useCSS
Toggles the usage of CSS in the generated markup .
Boolean value
For more information , visit Rich - Text Editing in Mozilla .
XML differences
Mozilla has strong support for XML and XML - related technologies , such as XSLT and Web services .
It also supports some non-standard Internet Explorer extensions , such as XMLHttpRequest .
How to handle XML
As with standard HTML , Mozilla supports the W3C XML DOM specification , which allows you to manipulate almost any aspect of an XML document .
Differences between Internet Explorer 's XML DOM and Mozilla are usually caused by Internet Explorer 's nonstandard behaviors .
Probably the most common difference is how they handle white space text nodes .
Often when XML generates , it contains white spaces between XML nodes .
Internet Explorer , when using Node.childNodes , will not contain these white space nodes .
In Mozilla , those nodes will be in the array .
XML : <?xml version = " 1.0 " ?>
< myXMLdoc xmlns:myns= " http://myfoo.com " >
< myns:foo> bar</myns:foo > </myXMLdoc >
JavaScript : var myXMLDoc = getXMLDocument().documentElement ; alert( myXMLDoc.childNodes.length ) ;
The first line of JavaScript loads the XML document and accesses the root element ( myXMLDoc ) by retrieving the documentElement .
The second line simply alerts the number of child nodes .
Per the W3C specification , the white spaces and new lines merge into one text node if they follow each other .
For Mozilla , the myXMLdoc node has three children : a text node containing a new line and two spaces ; the myns : foo node ; and another text node with a new line .
Internet Explorer , however , does not abide by this and will return " 1 " for the above code , namely only the myns : foo node .
Therefore , to walk the child nodes and disregard text nodes , you must distinguish such nodes .
As mentioned earlier , every node has a nodeType property representing the node type .
For example , an element node has type 1 , while a document node has type 9 .
To disregard text nodes , you must check for types 3 ( text node ) and 8 ( comment node ) .
XML : <?xml version = " 1.0 " ?>
< myXMLdoc xmlns:myns= " http://myfoo.com " >
< myns:foo> bar</myns:foo > </myXMLdoc >
JavaScript : var myXMLDoc = getXMLDocument().documentElement ; var myChildren = myXMLDoc.childNodes ; for ( var run = 0 ; run < myChildren.length ; run ++ ) { if ( ( myChildren[run].nodeType != 3 ) && myChildren[run].nodeType != 8 ) ) { // not a text or comment node } ; } ;
See Whitespace in the DOM for more detailed discussion and a possible solution .
XML data islands
Internet Explorer has a nonstandard feature called XML data islands , which allow you to embed XML inside an HTML document using the nonstandard HTML tag < xml > .
Mozilla does not support XML data islands and handles them as unknown HTML tags .
You can achieve the same functionality using XHTML ; however , because Internet Explorer 's support for XHTML is weak , this is usually not an option .
IE XML data island :
< xml id =" xmldataisland " > < foo > bar </ foo > </xml >
One cross - browser solution is to use DOM parsers , which parse a string that contains a serialized XML document and generates the document for the parsed XML .
Mozilla uses the DOMParser object , which takes the serialized string and creates an XML document out of it .
In Internet Explorer , you can achieve the same functionality using ActiveX .
The object created using new ActiveXObject ( " Microsoft.XMLDOM " ) has a loadXML method that can take in a string and generate a document from it .
The following code shows you how :
var xmlString = " < xml id=\" xmldataisland \ " >< foo > bar</foo></xml > " ; var myDocument ; if ( window. DOMParser ) { //
This browser appears to support DOMParser var parser = new DOMParser ( ) ; myDocument = parser.parseFromString(xmlString , " text /xml " ) ; } else if ( window.ActiveXObject ) { //
Internet Explorer , create a new XML document using ActiveX // and use loadXML as a DOM parser .
myDocument = new ActiveXObject ( " Microsoft.XMLDOM " ) ; myDocument.async = false ; myDocument.loadXML( xmlString ) ; } else { //
Not supported .
}
See Using XML Data Islands in Mozilla for an alternative approach .
XMLHttpRequest
Internet Explorer allows you to send and retrieve XML files using MSXML's XMLHTTP class , which is instantiated through ActiveX using new ActiveXObject ( " Msxml2.XMLHTTP " ) or new ActiveXObject ( " Microsoft.XMLHTTP " ) .
Since there is no standard method of doing this , Mozilla provides the same functionality in the global JavaScript XMLHttpRequest object .
Since version 7 IE also supports the " native " XMLHttpRequest object .
After instantiating the object using new XMLHttpRequest ( ) , you can use the open method to specify what type of request ( GET or POST ) you use , which file you load , and if it is asynchronous or not .
If the call is asynchronous , then give the onload member a function reference , which is called once the request has completed .
Synchronous request :
var myXMLHTTPRequest = new XMLHttpRequest ( ) ; myXMLHTTPRequest.open ( " GET " , " data.xml " , false ) ; myXMLHTTPRequest.send ( null ) ; var myXMLDocument = myXMLHTTPRequest.responseXML
;
Asynchronous request :
var myXMLHTTPRequest ; function xmlLoaded ( ) { var myXMLDocument = myXMLHTTPRequest.responseXML ; } function loadXML ( ) { myXMLHTTPRequest = new XMLHttpRequest ( ) ; myXMLHTTPRequest.open ( " GET " , " data.xml " , true ) ; myXMLHTTPRequest.onload = xmlLoaded ; myXMLHTTPRequest.send ( null ) ; }
Table 7 features a list of available methods and properties for Mozilla 's XMLHttpRequest .
Table 7 . XMLHttpRequest methods and properties Name Description void abort ( )
Stops the request if it is still running .
string getAllResponseHeaders ()
Returns all response headers as one string .
string getResponseHeader ( string headerName )
Returns the value of the specified header .
functionRef onerror
If set , the references function will be called whenever an error occurs during the request .
functionRef onload
If set , the references function will be called when the request completes successfully and the response has been received .
Use when an asynchronous request is used .
void open ( string HTTP_Method , string URL )
void open ( string HTTP_Method , string URL , boolean async , string userName , string password )
Initializes the request for the specified URL , using either GET or POST as the HTTP method .
To send the request , call the send ( ) method after initialization .
If async is false , the request is synchronous , else it defaults to asynchronous .
Optionally , you can specify a username and password for the given URL needed .
int readyState State of the request .
Possible values : Value Description 0 UNINITIALIZED - open ( ) has not been called yet .
1 LOADING - send ( ) has not been called yet .
2 LOADED - send ( ) has been called , headers and status are available .
3 INTERACTIVE - Downloading , responseText holds the partial data .
4 COMPLETED - Finished with all operations .
string responseText String containing the response .
DOMDocument responseXML DOM
Document containing the response .
void send ( variant body ) Initiates the request .
If body is defined , it is sent as the body of the POST request .
body can be an XML document or a string serialized XML document .
void setRequestHeader ( string headerName , string headerValue ) Sets an HTTP request header for use in the HTTP request .
Has to be called after open ( ) is called .
string status
The status code of the HTTP response .
XSLT differences
Mozilla supports XSL Transformations ( XSLT ) 1.0 .
It also allows JavaScript to perform XSLT transformations and allows running XPath on a document .
Mozilla requires that you send the XML and XSLT files with an XML mimetype ( text / xml or application / xml ) .
This is the most common reason why XSLT wo n't run in Mozilla but will in Internet Explorer .
Mozilla is strict in that way .
Internet Explorer 5.0 and 5.5 supported XSLT 's working draft , which is substantially different than the final 1.0 recommendation .
The easiest way to distinguish what version an XSLT file was written against is to look at the namespace .
The namespace for the 1.0 recommendation is http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform , while the working draft 's namespace is http://www.w3.org/TR/WD-xsl .
Internet Explorer 6 supports the working draft for backwards compatibility , but Mozilla does not support the working draft , only the final recommendation .
If XSLT requires you to distinguish the browser , you can query the " xsl:vendor " system property .
Mozilla 's XSLT engine will report itself as " Transformiix " and Internet Explorer will return " Microsoft " .
< xsl:if test=" system-property ('xsl:vendor ' ) = ' Transformiix ' " >
<!--
Mozilla specific markup --> </xsl:if > < xsl:if test="system-property ('xsl:vendor ' ) = ' Microsoft ' " >
<!--
Internet Explorer specific markup --> </xsl:if >
Mozilla also provides JavaScript interfaces for XSLT , allowing a Web site to complete XSLT transformations in memory .
You can do this using the global XSLTProcessor JavaScript object .
XSLTProcessor requires you to load the XML and XSLT files , because it needs their DOM documents .
The XSLT document , imported by the XSLTProcessor , allows you to manipulate XSLT parameters .
XSLTProcessor can generate a standalone document using transformToDocument ( ) , or it can create a document fragment using transformToFragment ( ) , which you can easily append into another DOM document .
Below is an example :
var xslStylesheet ; var xsltProcessor = new XSLTProcessor ( ) ; // load the xslt file , example1.xsl var myXMLHTTPRequest = new XMLHttpRequest ( ) ; myXMLHTTPRequest.open ( " GET " , " example1.xsl " , false ) ; myXMLHTTPRequest.send ( null ) ; // get the XML document and import it xslStylesheet = myXMLHTTPRequest.responseXML ; xsltProcessor.importStylesheet(xslStylesheet ) ; // load the xml file , example1.xml myXMLHTTPRequest = new XMLHttpRequest ( ) ; myXMLHTTPRequest.open ( " GET " , " example1.xml " , false ) ; myXMLHTTPRequest.send ( null ) ; var xmlSource = myXMLHTTPRequest.responseXML
; var resultDocument = xsltProcessor.transformToDocument(xmlSource ) ;
After creating an XSLTProcessor , you load the XSLT file using XMLHttpRequest .
The XMLHttpRequest 's responseXML member contains the XML document of the XSLT file , which is passed to importStylesheet .
You then use the XMLHttpRequest again to load the source XML document that must be transformed ; that document is then passed to the transformToDocument method of XSLTProcessor .
Table 8 features a list of XSLTProcessor methods .
Table 8 . XSLTProcessor methods Method Description void importStylesheet ( Node styleSheet ) Imports the XSLT stylesheet .
The styleSheet argument is the root node of an XSLT stylesheet 's DOM document .
Document Fragment transformToFragment ( Node source , Document owner )
Transforms the Node source by applying the stylesheet imported using the importStylesheet method and generates a DocumentFragment .
owner specifies what DOM document the Document Fragment should belong to , making it appendable to that DOM document .
Document transformToDocument ( Node source )
Transforms the Node source by applying the stylesheet imported using the importStylesheet method and returns a standalone DOM document .
void setParameter ( String namespaceURI , String localName , Variant value )
Sets a parameter in the imported XSLT stylesheet .
Variant getParameter ( String namespaceURI , String localName )
Gets the value of a parameter in the imported XSLT stylesheet .
void removeParameter ( String namespaceURI , String localName )
Removes all set parameters from the imported XSLT stylesheet and makes them default to the XSLT - defined defaults .
void clearParameters ( )
Removes all set parameters and sets them to defaults specified in the XSLT stylesheet .
void reset ()
Removes all parameters and stylesheets .
Scientists Develop Oil Spill and Pollution Spotting Bacteria
October 1st , 2008 by Andrew Williams
A team of researchers have developed a color - coded bacteria that will make it much easier to detect oil - spills and other forms of environmental pollution .
During a recent sea expedition the team successfully used the bacteria , which contains a protein that glows blue when viewed though a simple light - detecting device , to detect oil .
The bacteria is less environmentally damaging than the chemical detection agents currently used , as well as being cheaper to produce and easier to use .
According to project leader Professor Jan Van der Meer of the University of Lausanne , Switzerland , “ Because bacteria have simple single - celled bodies , it is relatively easy to equip them with a sensor and a brightly colored reporter protein which shows up under a microscope , alerting us to different substances leaking into the soil or seawater . ”
The same methods could also be used in hospitals , or to analyse food samples .
Using the technique , it should also be possible to develop more compex miniature sensors containing several different types of bacteria that respond to different chemicals .
According to Van der Meer , “ You could imagine stand - alone systems such as buoys , in which bacteria sensors screen the presence of polluting compounds continuously . ”
Image credit – marinephotobank via flickr.com on a Creative Commons license
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
I predicted years ago that what would eventually do Microsoft in was white - box PC makers defecting because they needed to claw back profit margin as the Windows license became the largest single item in their bills of material .
And here ’s the confirmation I ’ve been awaiting : Microsoft Missing Netbook Growth as Linux Wins Sales .
The boring biz - journalism headline is guarding some startling facts .
Nov. 6 ( Bloomberg ) —
Small laptops are becoming a big problem for
Microsoft Corp. ’s Windows business . [ … ]
Acer Inc. and Asustek
Computer Inc. , which together account for 90 percent of the netbook
market , are using the rival Linux software on about 30 percent of
their low - cost notebooks .
30 % is significant share , well above the single - digit range that desktop Linux has been stuck in for the last decade and larger than ISVs can afford to ignore .
And it ’s hitting Microsoft ’s bottom line :
The devices , which usually cost less than $ 500 , are the
fastest - growing segment of the personal - computer industry — a trend
that ’s eating into Microsoft ’s revenue .
Windows sales fell short of
forecasts last quarter and the company cut growth projections for the
year , citing the lower revenue it gets from netbooks .
The phrase “ sales fell short of forecasts ” is deadlier than it sounds .
The profitability of Microsoft ’a businesses is consistently poor outside of the core OS and office products ; their ability to sustain a broad product strategy and frequent acquisitions against investor pressure has been dependent on their ability to deliver figures indicating smooth sales and revenue growth in the core business .
If investors stop trusting that guidance , Microsoft ’s room to maneuver ( for example , by moving further into software - as - a - service businesses ) will be sharply limited .
Later in the article we learn that Microsoft has cut its forecasts of Windows growth for the rest of 2008 to 2 % from 9 % , effectively flat .
Investors had already been taking a warning :
The stock has declined 41 percent this year .
Microsoft has fought back against the tide of netbooks by talking netbook manufacturers into making XP available on products initially designed to run Linux .
But it has fallen far short of its obvious goal , which is to drive Linux netbooks off the market entirely .
This in turn suggests that waving the big stick did n’t work and Microsoft had to settle for dangling carrots , probably buying share with
discounts .
Linux , equipped in 30 percent to 40 percent of Eee PCs sold , will
probably sustain a market share of about 30 percent , said Samson Hu , a
general manager at Asustek .
The company estimates it will ship at
least 5 million Eee PCs in 2008 after selling about 4 million since
the product ’s debut . [… ]
Acer , which is aiming to sell 5 million to 6
million AspireOne laptops this year , estimates that Linux - equipped
models account for about 20 percent of its shipments ,
That will be at least four million netbooks running Linux by year ’s end .
The truly deadly news , however , is at the end of the article :
Equipping Linux on a computer costs about $ 5 , compared with $ 40 to $ 50
for XP and about $ 100 for Vista , according to estimates by Jenny Lai ,
a Taipei - based analyst at CLSA Ltd . [… ]
“ The engineers designing
computers understand that if they want to cut costs , the only way to
do so is to get rid of Microsoft , ” IDC ’s Chang said .
When even financial analysts are figuring this out , you can bet Microsoft is already in deep trouble .
Among other things , it is effectively certain that the netbook makers have already used the threat of Linux to bargain Microsoft down to price parity with Linux , though each one doubtless has a signed - in blood agreement not to discuss it in public and the price drop may be disguised as bulk discounts or rebates for marketing support .
The initial threat to Redmond ’s monopoly from Linux - only products put Microsoft ’s nuts in a vise ; there is no way the netbook makers , operating on the tight margins they do , would miss the opportunity to extract equally favorable terms of business .
This means that Microsoft ’s per-sale revenue on netbook XP licenses has probably dropped by at least a factor of 10 relative to what it makes on PCs .
That ’s a hell of a margin hit , and as netbooks displace a larger slice of traditional PC sales it ’s going to get worse .
And we can count on that happening ; what we ’re seeing here is a classic disruption - from - below of the PC market , just as PCs disrupted workstations and minis in the early 1990s .
There ’s another problem .
Vista is so dead that Microsoft is already touting its successor “ Windows 7 ” .
Not end - of - lifing XP on schedule means they ’ll actually have to support three different operating systems for at least the years until Windows 7 ships , and some time afterward .
Even Microsoft is going to feel the strain , and ISVs are likely to play safe by writing to the minimum ( XP ) specification .
Netbooks also put Microsoft in a strategic bind about its future product direction .
For System 7 to be lean enough to run on netbooks , it will have to give up backward compatibility with Vista and many of Vista ’s features .
That means that at the same time Microsoft ’s profit margins are being hammered , it will lose a significant portion of its application base .
Fundamentally , what ’s going on here is that Microsoft , long used to effective monopoly and to the profit margins and strategic maneuvering room monopoly brings , is losing all three of those .
Microsoft is no longer a price - maker ; the hardware manufacturers hold the whip hand now , and all they have to do to beat Redmond into making ever less money per sale is to push Linux harder .
Until relatively recently , Microsoft had good prospects for buying itself maneuvering room simply due to cash hoard in the neighborhood of 60 gigabucks ; Bill Gates used to boast that he could run Microsoft for five years of zero revenue with the money in his piggybank .
But that ’s gone , now ; they spent it on acquisitions and stock buybacks .
Which still have n’t kept the stock from dropping 41 % in 2008 .
So they ’re running out of options .
There are only two ways for this game to end .
One is with the visible collapse of Microsoft ’s monopoly in new systems , but allowing it to retain price levels on a niche market of PCs running legacy applications .
The other is with Microsoft bargaining its own margins away to retain netbook market share and collapsing when its reduced run rate can no longer sustain new - product development .
Tasers have been fired more than 1,000 times since 2004 Up to 30,000 police officers across all forces in England and Wales are to be trained to use Taser stun guns .
Currently , only specialist firearms officers carry the weapon , which can temporarily disable a suspect .
Now the government has announced plans to buy 10,000 more Tasers and extend their use to all frontline officers .
Home Secretary Jacqui Smith said police needed tools to protect themselves and the public .
Amnesty International is warning against using Tasers routinely .
The Home Office plans to spend £ 8 m on 10,000 new Tasers .
' Dangerous people '
Ms Smith said : " I am proud that we have one of the few police services around the world that do not regularly carry firearms and I want to keep it that way .
" But every day the police put themselves in danger to protect us , the public .
" They deserve our support , so I want to give the police the tools they tell me they need to confront dangerous people .
" That is why I am giving the police 10,000 Tasers to ensure that officers across the country benefit from this form of defence . "
Just how many officers will end up using the Taser guns is being disputed .
The Home Office says that a maximum 30,000 officers will be able to use the weapons , assuming there are three shifts per police working day .
But the Association of Chief Police Officers ( Acpo ) , described these figures as " misleading " .
Acpo insists only around 5,000 additional officers would be using Tasers .
Electric shock Experts say Tasers are a less dangerous alternative to conventional firearms .
Two barbed darts trailing wires are fired from a special gun , which then delivers a powerful electric shock , temporarily incapacitating the suspect .
' I 've been Tasered 200 times '
Sharp shock to deal with violence
Officers in England and Wales have fired the 50,000 - volt stun guns more than 1,000 times since 2004 .
According to BBC home affairs correspondent Danny Shaw , there are 2,000 Tasers currently available for police in England and Wales .
About 6,500 firearms officers can use them , plus police response officers in the ten pilot forces .
The announcement to extend their use follows a year - long pilot scheme which saw Tasers issued to frontline officers in 10 police forces .
The Independent Police Complaints Commission said the pilot had not led to a big rise in complaints by the public .
But it has called better guidance and training for police when Tasers were used in ' drive - stun ' mode ( directly against the body ) , because this generated the most complaints .
The Home Office says that before the new Tasers are issued , all officers who use them will need to attend an 18 - hour training course , spread over two to three days .
They will also be required to attend an annual " refresher " course to keep them up to date with developments .
Alan Campbell , Home Office minister responsible for crime reduction , told BBC Radio 4's Today programme the government had taken independent medical advice and that Tasers were " low risk " .
He said : " They 're used under very strict circumstances and there are very clear guidelines .
" Last year they were only used on 93 occasions out of the more than 600 that they were deployed .
We do n't expect them to be used as a weapon of choice routinely .
" I am sure one of the intentions is to make sure we do n't need to use guns as often . "
The Home Office is funding the Tasers , but the cost of training officers to use them will be paid by individual police forces .
The decision to extend their use has been welcomed by Acpo and by the Police Federation of England and Wales , which represents rank - and - file officers .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Acpo's spokesman , and the assistant chief constable of Northamptonshire Police , Derek Talbot , said trials showed in the majority of cases Tasers helped police resolve incidents without resorting to a weapon .
Paul McKeever , chairman of the Police Federation of England and Wales , which represents rank - and - file officers , said the move recognised the " vital role " the weapons played in the fight against crime .
He said Tasers were an " effective and " less lethal alternative " to firearms .
But Oliver Sprague , of Amnesty International UK , told the BBC's Today programme the organisation 's research indicated more than 320 people had died in the US since 2001 after they were " Tasered " .
Ministers say they " do not recognise " Amnesty 's fatality figures .
Mr Sprague said Amnesty was especially concerned about the welfare of vulnerable people who had " emotional " problems or were under the influence of drugs .
Registered training
He said : " Amnesty is not opposed to the use of Tasers but they should be limited . "
Describing the plans to extend the use of Tasers as " extreme " , he said : " No matter how intensive the training is , the officers will only have had two days ' worth . "
He called on the home secretary to review her decision and restrict the use of Tasers to a small number of fully - trained officers .
HAVE YOUR SAY I 'd rather the police were armed with taser stun guns than actual guns and ammunition Jeff Mason , UK Lib Dem MP Lembit Opik told Radio 5 live he did not believe the weapons should be made available to ordinary officers .
" We 're talking about increasing the firepower of the police in a way that I think brutalises the entire service , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please do n't turn away , thinking you can not do anything to help .
You have your voice , and it 's your greatest strength .
Please share with family and friends .
We have no time to waste .
Raise your voice now .
Realize how powerful your voice can be .
Please watch the campaign video .
Perhaps the video will convince you to raise your voice .
You can also see the online photo journal " Through Their Eyes " Our goal is to get at least 16 others to sign the petition each .
Social bookmark it below to get the campaign further ( stumble , reddit , digg , myspace , facebook , twitter , etc )
The technique can only be used to find fingerprints on metal surfaces Criminals with an appetite for fast food could be tracked down more easily with a new fingerprinting technique that utilises the salt in their sweat .
Police can now detect corrosion left on metal by finger - tip sweat - the saltier the diet , the more the metal corrodes .
The technique works better than traditional fingerprinting which relies on residue that can be wiped away .
Northamptonshire Police 's Dr John Bond , who developed the method , said it had so far been used in four active cases .
He said : " On the basis that processed foods tend to be high in salt as a preservative , the body needs to excrete excess salt which comes out as sweat through the pores in our fingers .
" So the sweaty fingerprint impression you leave when you touch a surface will be high in salt if you eat a lot of processed foods - the higher the salt , the better the corrosion of the metal . "
High temperatures Dr Bond , who is also a researcher at the University of Leicester , said the technique could only be used to find prints left on metal surfaces .
But he said the new method could find prints where traditional fingerprinting drew a blank because finger - tip residue had been wiped away or obliterated by high temperatures .
He also said the corrosive mark started by the salt could even be enhanced by high temperatures which exacerbate corrosion in metal .
We would describe the study of sweat as a process of intelligent fingerprinting
Dr John Bond
Northamptonshire Police
In all four cases where the method has so far been put to use , the prints have been on metal that has experienced high temperatures , such as shell casings expelled from guns after a bullet had been fired .
In one of the cases , Dr Bond said , an investigation into a 1999 double murder in the US state of Georgia had been re-opened because of evidence garnered by the method .
Dr Bond said the technique might also be useful in terrorism investigations to detect prints left on metal debris left behind after bomb blasts .
Other techniques
The research into sweat had also thrown up other possible forensic techniques , he added .
Just as the salt component in people 's sweat varies greatly , Dr Bond suggests that other elements found in sweat may also vary in accordance with other factors such as ethnicity , gender , age or where you live .
He said this aspect of his research was at a highly conjectural stage , but that it might lead to ways of tracking down criminals through the traces of sweat they left behind .
He added : " We would describe the study of sweat as a process of intelligent fingerprinting - using the fingerprint to tell us more about the individual rather than a simple identification . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
This morning ’s TIC data release tell us two things :
One , the dollar can rally without any obvious supporting inflows .
Net TIC flows in August ( line 30 ) were essentially zero ( - $ 0.4 b ) .
Foreigners ( apparently led by official investors , but the data here is deceptive ) were net sellers of US long - term assets , selling about $ 9 b .
Americans sold $ 23 b of their foreign assets -- providing the US with a bit of financing .
But things like amortization payments on the outstanding stock of Agency bonds ( line 20 ) cut into the inflow from the sale of US assets abroad .
Net long - term flows were essentially zero .
And so were net short - term flows .
Do n’t ask me to explain how the US has sustained a $ 120 b trade deficit in July and August on the back of a $ 34 b net outflow of funds over those two months in the TIC data .
Something does n’t quite compute .
Follow the Money Brad Setser tracks cross - border flows , with a bit of macroeconomics thrown in .
1 - 3 times weekly .
View all newsletters >
Two , the argument that official investors are a stabilizing presence in the market needs to be marked to market -- or at least marked to the observed flow .
And the observed flow suggests an enormous flight by official investors out of bonds with any hint of credit risk and into Treasuries .
That has n’t been stabilizing .
It has added to the stress in the credit and inter - bank markets -- and ultimately contributed to the broad financial environment that forced the Treasury to step in and guarantee the Agencies and now most bank debt .
The evidence here is overwhelming .
The TIC data release indicates that official institutions sold $ 13 b of long - term Agencies , reduced their holdings of short - term Agencies by about $ 9 b and sold another $ 2b of corporate bonds and equities while buying $ 5b of long - term Treasuries and $ 12b of short - term Treasuries .
That though likely understates the swing , as most " private " purchases of long - term Treasuries and Agencies have recently been from the official sector ( see the pattern of revisions that followed the June 2007 survey -- which found that official buyers accounted for nearly all foreign purchases of Treasuries and Agencies ) .
Overall , foreign investors -- including official investors -- bought $ 35 b of long - term Treasuries ( and $ 55 b of short - term Treasuries ) while reducing their holdings of long - term Agencies by $ 30 b and their total holdings of Agencies by close to $ 40 b ( the fall in short - term Agencies is on line 39 of this data release ) .
Stabilizing that was not .
The country detail tells a similar story .
China bought $ 18.3 b of long - term Treasuries and $ 4b of short - term Treasuries while reducing its holdings of long - term Agencies by $ 7.1 b and its holdings of short - term Agencies by $ 3.3 b .
Think $ 22.3 b to Treasuries ( and another $ 5.7 b into bank deposits ) and at least $ 10 b out of Agencies .
China also sold " corporate bonds " in August .
In the past it has been a significant buyer .
Watch this going forward .
I suspect ( but do n’t know ) that Chinese state banks and SAFE may have significant holdings of the paper issued by large US financial institutions .
China certainly has been buying some kind of US corporate debt recently -- and given that the state banks have been running down their foreign portfolio investments , by best guess is that it has come from SAFE .
The " Asian oil exporters " ( think the Gulf ) acted similarly .
They added $ 1.4 b to their long - term Treasury holdings , while cutting their holdings of long - term Agencies by $ 3 b .
Above all though , they piled into cash -- their total short - term claims increased by $ 11.7 b ( call it $ 12 b ) .
This data support Landon Thomas ’ excellent reporting on the buildup of the cash reserves of various Gulf sovereign funds .
Russia was selling everything as its reserves fell , but it clearly was selling its Agency holdings faster than its Treasury holdings .
It cut its holdings of short - term Agency paper by something like $ 8.6 b ( using other short - term custodial holdings as a proxy for Agencies )
The most recent TIC press release is interesting for another reason .
The data on total flows in the 12 months through August 2008 and be compared to total flows in the 12 months through August 2007 ( or even better , July 2007 ) to provide a fairly clean pre-crisis and post - crisis comparison .
Here as well two stories emerge :
a) Total demand foreign demand for US assets fell after the August crisis
Net flows in the TIC data went from $ 879 b in the 12 months to July 2007 to $ 314b in the 12 months to August 2008 ( line 30 ) .
Private flows ( a number that includes a lot of official flows , notable " private " purchases of Treasuries and Agencies by private banks that are then sold to central banks during London trading ) tell from from $ 665 b to $ 18 b .
Official flows -- which the TIC data understates -- rose from $ 214b to $ 296 b .
The swing in long - term flows is a bit less pronounced but still substantial -- total long - term flows fell from $ 1252 b in the 12 months to July 2007 to $ 798 b in the 12ms to August 2008 .
b) Demand shifted away from Agencies and Corporate bonds toward Treasuries .
This is where the long - term flows tell a dramatic story .
Let ’s focus on total foreign purchases rather than the private / official split , which is known to be off .
Just remember that almost all Treasury and Agency purchases have come from the official sector .
In the 12 months to July 2007 , foreign investors bought $ 217 b of long - term treasuries ( and sold $ 10 b of short - term Treasuries ) while buying $ 284b of Agency bonds , $ 540 b of corporate bonds and $ 210 b of US equities .
In the 12 months to August 2008 , foreign investors bought $ 389 b of long - term treasuries and another $ 134b of short - term Treasuries , bringing their total purchases of Treasuries to $ 523 b ( that is how the fiscal deficit was financed ... ) .
Purchases of Agencies fell to $ 121 billion , purchases of corporate bonds fell to $ 193 b ( with almost $ 60 b coming from official buyers , mostly in Asia ) and purchases of equities -- counting the $ 35 b or so of bank equity bought by sovereign funds -- fell to $ 97 billion .
The story is simple , at least in my view .
Most foreign demand for US assets over this period came from central banks .
And they increasingly only wanted to buy Treasuries .
UPDATE : Here is a graph of foreign holdings of long - term Agencies .
Notice the recent fall .
The TIC data can be found here .
This report draws on both the short - term stock data and the long - term flow data .
In the run-up to the US presidential election , the online magazine Slate ran a series of dictionary definitions of " Obamaisms " .
One ran thus : " Barocrates ( buh - ROH - cruh - teez ) n .
An obscure Greek philosopher who pioneered a method of teaching in which sensitive topics are first posed as questions then evaded . "
There were other digs at Barack Obama that alluded to ancient Greece and Rome .
When he accepted the Democratic party nomination , he did so before a stagey backdrop of doric columns .
Republicans said this betrayed delusions of grandeur : this was a temple out of which Obama would emerge like a self - styled Greek god .
( Steve Bell also discerned a Romanness in the image , and drew Obama for this paper as a toga - ed emperor . )
In fact , the resonance of those pillars was much more complicated than the Republicans would have it .
They recalled the White House , which itself summoned up visual echoes of the Roman republic , on whose constitution that of the US is based .
They recalled the Lincoln Memorial , before which Martin Luther King delivered his " I have a dream " speech .
They recalled the building on which the Lincoln Memorial is based - the Parthenon .
By drawing us symbolically to Athens , we were located at the very birthplace of democracy .
Here 's the thing : to understand the next four years of American politics , you are going to need to understand something of the politics of ancient Greece and Rome .
There have been many controversial aspects to this presidential election , but one thing is uncontroversial : that Obama 's skill as an orator has been one of the most important factors - perhaps the most important factor - in his victory .
The sheer numbers of people who have heard him speak live set him apart from his rivals - and , indeed , recall the politics of ancient Athens , where the public speech given to ordinary voters was the motor of politics , and where the art of rhetoric matured alongside democracy .
Obama has bucked the trend of recent presidents - not excluding Bill Clinton - for dumbing down speeches .
Elvin T Lim's book The Anti-Intellectual Presidency : The Decline of Presidential Rhetoric from George Washington to George W Bush , submits presidential oratory to statistical analysis .
He concludes that 100 years ago speeches were pitched at college reading level .
Now they are at 8th grade .
Obama 's speeches , by contrast , flatter their audience .
His best speeches are adroit literary creations , rich , like those doric columns , with allusion , his turn of phrase consciously evoking lines by Lincoln and King , by Woody Guthrie and Sam Cooke .
Though he has speechwriters , he does much of the work himself .
( Jon Favreau , the 27 - year - old who heads Obama 's speechwriting team , has said that his job is like being " Ted Williams 's batting coach . " )
James
Wood , professor of the practice of literary criticism at Harvard , has already performed a close - reading exercise on the victory speech for the New Yorker .
Can you imagine the same being done of a George Bush speech ?
More than once , the adjective that has been deployed to describe Obama 's oratorical skill is " Ciceronian " .
Cicero , the outstanding Roman politician of the late republic , was certainly the greatest orator of his time , and one of the greatest in history .
A fierce defender of the republican constitution , his criticism of Mark Antony got him murdered in 43BC .
During the Roman republic ( and in ancient Athens ) politics was oratory .
In Athens , questions such as whether or not to declare war on an enemy state were decided by the entire electorate ( or however many bothered to turn up ) in open debate .
Oratory was the supreme political skill , on whose mastery power depended .
Unsurprisingly , then , oratory was highly organised and rigorously analysed .
The Greeks and Romans , in short , knew all the rhetorical tricks , and they put a name to most of them .
It turns out that Obama knows them , too .
One of the best known of Cicero 's techniques is his use of series of three to emphasise points : the tricolon .
( The most enduring example of a Latin tricolon is not Cicero's , but Caesar 's " Veni , vidi , vici " - I came , I saw , I conquered . )
Obama uses tricola freely .
Here 's an example : " Tonight , we gather to affirm the greatness of our nation , not because of the height of our skyscrapers , or the power of our military , or the size of our economy ... "
In this passage , from the 2004 Democratic convention speech , Obama is also using the technique of " praeteritio " - drawing attention to a subject by not discussing it .
( He is discounting the height of America 's skyscrapers etc , but in so doing reminds us of their importance . )
One of my favourites among Obama 's tricks was his use of the phrase " a young preacher from Georgia " , when accepting the Democratic nomination this August ; he did not name Martin Luther King .
The term for the technique is " antonomasia " .
One example from Cicero is the way he refers to Phoenix , Achilles ' mentor in the Iliad , as " senior magister " - " the aged teacher " .
In both cases , it sets up an intimacy between speaker and audience , the flattering idea that we all know what we are talking about without need for further exposition .
It humanises the character - King was just an ordinary young man , once .
Referring to Georgia by name localises the reference - Obama likes to use the specifics to American place to ground the winged sweep of his rhetoric - just as in his November 4 speech : " Our campaign ... began in the backyards of Des Moines and the living rooms of Concord and the front porches of Charleston " , which , of course , is also another tricolon .
Obama 's favourite tricks of the trade , it appears , are the related anaphora and epiphora .
Anaphora is the repetition of a phrase at the start of a sentence .
Again , from November 4 : " It 's the answer told by lines that stretched around schools ...
It 's the answer spoken by young and old ...
It 's the answer ... "
Epiphora does the same , but at the end of a sentence .
From the same speech ( yet another tricolon ) : " She lives to see them stand out and speak up and reach for the ballot .
Yes we can . "
The phrase " Yes we can " completes the next five paragraphs .
That " Yes we can " refrain might more readily summon up the call - and - response preaching of the American church than classical rhetoric .
And , of course , Obama has been influenced by his time in the congregations of powerfully effective preachers .
But James Davidson , reader in ancient history at the University of Warwick , points out that preaching itself originates in ancient Greece .
" The tradition of classical oratory was central to the early church , when rhetoric was one of the most important parts of education .
Through sermons , the church captured the rhetorical tradition of the ancients .
America has preserved that , particularly in the black church . "
It is not just in the intricacies of speechifying that Obama recalls Cicero .
Like Cicero , Obama is a lawyer .
Like Cicero , Obama is a writer of enormous accomplishment - Dreams From My Father , Obama 's first book , will surely enter the American literary canon .
Like Cicero , Obama is a " novus homo " - the Latin phrase means " new man " in the sense of self - made .
Like Cicero , Obama entered politics without family backing ( compare Clinton ) or a military record ( compare John McCain ) .
Roman tradition dictated you had both .
The compensatory talent Obama shares with Cicero , says Catherine Steel , professor of classics at the University of Glasgow , is a skill at " setting up a genealogy of forebears - not biological forebears but intellectual forebears .
For Cicero it was Licinius Crassus , Scipio Aemilianus and Cato the Elder .
For Obama it is Lincoln , Roosevelt and King . "
Steel also points out how Obama 's oratory conforms to the tripartite ideal laid down by Aristotle , who stated that good rhetoric should consist of pathos , logos and ethos - emotion , argument and character .
It is in the projection of ethos that Obama particularly excels .
Take this resounding passage : " I am the son of a black man from Kenya and a white woman from Kansas .
I was raised with the help of a white grandfather who survived a Depression to serve in Patton 's army during World War II and a white grandmother who worked on a bomber assembly line at Fort Leavenworth while he was overseas .
I 've gone to some of the best schools in America and lived in one of the world 's poorest nations . "
He manages to convey the sense that not only can he revive the American dream , but that he personally embodies - actually , in some sense , is - the American dream .
In English , when we use the word " rhetoric " , it is generally preceded by the word " empty " .
Rhetoric has a bad reputation .
McCain warned lest an electorate be " deceived by an eloquent but empty call for change " .
Waspishly , Clinton noted , " You campaign in poetry , you govern in prose . "
The Athenians , too , knew the dangers of a populace 's being swept along by a persuasive but unscrupulous demagogue ( and they invented the word ) .
And it was the Roman politician Cato - though it could have been McCain - who said " Rem tene , verba sequentur " .
If you hold on to the facts , the words will follow .
Cicero was well aware of the problem .
In his book On The Orator , he argues that real eloquence can be acquired only if the speaker has attained the highest state of knowledge - " otherwise what he says is just an empty and ridiculous swirl of verbiage " .
The true orator is one whose practice of citizenship embodies a civic ideal - whose rhetoric , far from empty , is the deliberate , rational , careful organiser of ideas and argument that propels the state forward safely and wisely .
This is clearly what Obama , too , is aiming to embody : his project is to unite rhetoric , thought and action in a new politics that eschews narrow bipartisanship .
Can Obama 's words translate into deeds ?
The presidency of George Bush provided plenty of evidence that a man who has problems with his prepositions may also struggle to govern well .
We can only hope that Obama 's presidency proves that opposite .
• Charlotte Higgins is the author of It 's All Greek To Me : From Homer to the Hippocratic Oath , How Ancient Greece Has Shaped Our World ( Short Books ) .
Think you know what you ’re doing every time you engage in social media ?
Neither do I , and neither do the social media gurus I spoke to about their biggest social networking blunders .
In an effort to learn from others ’ mistakes , here ’s a list of some all star errors in judgment from some social media all stars .
I ’ll lead off the order by admitting an error of my own .
Respond to all negative comments – When I , David Spark , started being seen publically in print , TV , radio , and online I read everyone ’s comments , but focused more intently on the negative ones .
I wasted a lot of time putting far too much effort into defending myself to these anonymous naysayers than they put into attacking me .
I soon understood that some geeks simply can’t help themselves being negative .
They ’ve got an obnoxious strand of DNA and must constantly try to prove themselves smarter than you .
Participate in flame wars to increase traffic – Similarly , Dana Gardner , blogger for ZDNet , admits he would engage in online arguments just to watch his Web traffic shoot up .
But over time Gardner realized that flame wars do n’t attract the right kind of audience .
“ Going to the lowest emotional common denominator to me is an ineffective way of reaching that audience .
I ’d rather come up with valuable insightful fresh innovative content than appeal to angry white men sitting around computers that do n’t have anything else to do , ” Gardner said .
Hire a voice talent for $ 2,000 to read a podcast for you – Paul Dunay , Global Director of Integrated Marketing at BearingPoint and prominent blogger , made a massive blunder when he decided to get into podcasting .
His first show was actually a whitepaper read by a voice talent for $ 2,000 .
The resulting podcast sounded like a book on tape and he and his colleagues were horrified .
That episode was never published , but the voice talent did get paid .
Send a specially selected mass mailing to your friends – Susan Bratton , co-founder and CEO of Personal Life Media , is still having a problem trying to scale individual relationships with social media .
Even when she pares down her mailing list of 8,000 to a personally selected mailing of 250 , she still gets nasty messages telling her to “ take me off this list . ”
Assume that social media does n’t exist until you arrive – Social media strategist Chris Brogan and founder of PodCamp reached out to the New England podcasters ' bulletin board and said he was going to invite all the social media rock stars to come to Boston for Podcamp .
Nobody responded to what he thought was a generous offer until he saw a response on the board that said , “ There are a lot of rock stars in Boston and it ’s kind of offensive you got to import them from other places . ”
Brogan learned from his mistake .
Wherever you go on the Web realize there ’s been a history .
Do n’t assume you know everything and discredit what ’s been done before you arrived , Brogan said .
Post a comment on your own Facebook profile wall – David Meerman Scott , author of The New Rules of Marketing and PR and the upcoming book World Wide Rave , needed his teenage daughter to point out his massive social networking faux pas .
After setting up his Facebook profile , he showed it to his daughter to which she responded , “ You ’re not supposed to write on your own wall .
You ’re such a dork , dad . ”
Do n’t engage with people who only want to push their own initiative – Ego and personal agendas often take over many online communications , and Ross Mayfield , founder of SocialText , used to ignore these self promoters .
He does n’t anymore realizing that these self promoters are looking to create an association with you and your business .
“ You really want to engage with every conversation that relates with your brand , ” Mayfield advised , “ Even if you do n’t want to necessarily draw attention to the existence of a competitor . ”
Over -architect a site with features and content without talking to your customers – Deb Schultz , social media strategist for P&G , fell into the trap of making too many assumptions about what an audience wanted and just started developing a site loaded with features and functionality .
It ’s what happens when you work at a big company and you do n’t see outside of the four walls of the organization .
Schultz admitted she should have spent more time talking with customers instead of adding more content to the site .
Be overly careful about everything you say online – Futurist Thornton May claims he still falls into the trap of self - editorializing when writing online .
Even though May understands that what makes social media valuable is that it ’s authentic , real , and unfinished , he still is extremely careful about what he says and that takes the edge off his online persona .
He blames his age and says people of his generation are not familiar nor necessarily comfortable engaging in online discussions .
Do n’t come to your own defense when people bad mouth you online –
It ’s often a good idea to have others defend you in a public debate .
But Peter Hirshberg chairman of Technorati and co-founder of The Conversation Group got into a situation where his silence in a debate about a product release was just seen as rather peculiar and it backfired on him .
Accept friend requests from people you barely know – Robin Wolaner , founder of the 40 + social networking site TBD.com , made the mistake of accepting friend requests from people she barely knew .
These non-friends on her network happened to be very prolific posters and she could n’t turn down their noise .
Many social networks do n’t offer a setting that allows you to only get information from your close friends and not from people you barely know .
The only thing she could do was de-friend them , and as a result some were insulted .
Stalk women on Facebook – Stewart Alsop , partner of Alsop Louie Partners , claims this is not a mistake and he ’s extremely proud of it .
Of his 1200 + friends on Facebook , Alsop claims he has about 400 attractive women as Facebook friends .
In his mid-50s , Alsop reaches out to young attractive women and asks if he can be their friend .
Many say yes .
Alsop says he ’s an old guy and it makes him feel as if he ’s got something going on .
There ’s no downside for Alsop .
Some may think it ’s weird , but it does n’t change anything for him .
You have n’t done everything right online , have you ?
Want to fess up to a massive blunder in social media ?
David Spark is a veteran tech journalist and the founder of Spark Media Solutions , a custom editorial production company .
Read more of Spark at his blog Spark Minute and to read and hear interviews with many of the aforementioned people , subscribe to Spark ’s “ Be the Voice ” blog and podcast .
Get Your Business Website Setup
In Less Than 5 Minutes !
Five - year - old Utitofong can never go home .
She has a loving family and has committed no crime , but her neighbours want her dead .
Like thousands of children in the Niger delta of west Africa , she has fallen victim to an outbreak of virulent superstition that sees innocent young people condemned as witches .
They can be driven from their villages , tortured or killed .
When her father died , Utitofong was blamed for having caused his death by witchcraft .
Her mother spent more than four months ' wages on exorcisms , fearing that her daughter would be killed by hostile villagers .
But when the money ran out and a pastor proclaimed her a lost cause , Utitofong had to leave home for ever .
There have been Christians in Nigeria since the 19th century .
While the majority hold moderate beliefs , an extreme minority has harnessed existing superstitions about black magic and turned them into a lucrative trade .
Up to 15,000 children in Nigeria 's Akwa Ibom and Cross River states alone have been branded witches by rogue pastors , who charge large sums to " exorcise " them .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Sam Itauma runs the Child Rights and Rehabilitation Network ( CRARN ) , a makeshift shelter and school in Eket for 150 children who have been deemed to be possessed .
The children bear the horrific scars of witch - branding : acid burns , machete wounds and severe malnutrition .
A man from Ibaka in Akwa Ibom , who calls himself " the Bishop " , has made a fortune conducting " exorcisms " of children , claiming that they are possessed by the devil and eat human flesh .
He told an investigation by Channel 4's Dispatches that he had killed " up to 110 people " who were identified as witches .
Gary Foxcroft , a Briton who is director of Stepping Stones Nigeria , a charity that works with children abandoned because of their supposed " possession " , describes the situation as " an absolute scandal " .
The distribution of a video claiming to explain how to " diagnose " those possessed is blamed .
The film , End of the Wicked , is distributed widely across the Niger delta by the Liberty Gospel Church , a powerful evangelical sect with some 150 branches in the region .
Its graphic images of apparently possessed children eating a human carcass , and being inducted into covens , have fuelled an epidemic of paranoia .
But more damaging than this are the film 's directions on how to spot a child witch .
It tells viewers that an infant under the age of two may be possessed if they scream in the night , experience ill health or get a fever .
Dispatches : Saving Africa's Child Witches , Channel 4 , Wednesday 9pm
If you are looking for a life of crime , here 's a Hollywood guide on what not to do :
According to the movies , those who choose a career in organized crime are genuine mental enigmas so puzzling they make John Nash look like Kevin Federline .
These people have made a career out of evading law enforcement and bypassing high - level security systems , yet when it comes down to making some common sense decisions , they are utter morons .
6 Discussing Your Crime in a Diner
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
As Seen In :
Pulp Fiction , Thief , Heat , American Gangster , Goodfellas
In Hollywood productions , criminals do not mess around .
If they 're willing to steal , they 're usually also willing to murder , torture , and blow up anything that can possibly be blown up ( and probably some things that quite honestly can't be blown up ) .
Most of civilized society , however , tends to frown upon such behavior , and as such it 's really not prudent to discuss those plans in public .
Doing so may lead to death at the hands of a wisecracking , world - weary cop .
So , when one is planning heists , murders , and mind - blowingly awesome explosions , it might be smart to do so in a secure , isolated location where other people are unlikely to be found .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Just a suggestion .
What you would not do is hold your conferences in , say , a diner , with a couple dozen potential eavesdroppers in the vicinity .
It is n't like they do n't have a choice in the matter .
Most movie criminals have access to everything from military grade machine guns and vault - cutting lasers to Joe freakin ' Pesci .
We 're expected to believe that they can't find a private room somewhere to act as a hide - out ?
Why can't they just meet in the same old " Desolate Woods on the Outskirts of the City " where they are always dumping bodies ?
Surely the corpse of Billy Bats is unlikely to snitch on them .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
This sort of thing happens so often that we 're surprised anyone living in the Crime Thriller universe still eats out , for fear they 'll get caught in a crossfire at some point .
Worst Offender :
We could have gone with Heat , where Robert Deniro nearly murders a man in the crowded parking lot of a diner ( foiled only because the guy pretty much vanishes into thin air like David freaking Copperfield ) or American Gangster , where Denzel Washington 's character actually gets up , walks down the sidewalk , and blows a dude 's head off before walking calmly back into the diner to finish his meal .
But no , the prize has to go to Pulp Fiction , where a couple of robbers discuss robbing while sitting a diner , before robbing the same diner .
At which point the robbery is thwarted because a couple of hitmen happened to be a few tables over , openly discussing the business of being hitmen .
The American housing market , where the global economic crisis began , is far from hitting bottom .
Home prices across much of the country are likely to fall through late 2009 , economists say , and in some markets the trend could last even longer depending on the severity of the anticipated recession .
In hard - hit areas like California , Florida and Arizona , the grim calculus is the same : More and more homes are going up for sale , but fewer and fewer people are willing or able to buy them .
Adding to the worries nationwide are rising unemployment , falling wages and escalating mortgage rates  all of which will reduce the already diminished pool of would - be buyers .
“ The No. 1 thing that drives housing values is incomes , ” said Todd Sinai , an associate professor of real estate at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania .
“ When incomes fall , demand for housing falls . ”
JK Rowling has sold more than 400 million copies of her books worldwide
JK Rowling is the world 's highest - earning author , making more than £ 5 every second over the past year , US business magazine Forbes has announced .
The Harry Potter writer , who made a total of $ 300 m ( £ 170 m ) last year , wrote the first of her best - selling books about the boy wizard in 1997 .
Her income was six times more than literature 's next - biggest earner , James Patterson , of Along Came A Spider fame .
The magazine described her work as " a children 's literary sensation " .
Potter franchise
A Forbes spokesman said : " It was wizardry that transformed JK Rowling from a destitute single mother on welfare into a best - selling billionaire .
TOP 10 BEST - PAID AUTHORS 1 . JK Rowling - $ 300 m ( £ 170 m ) 2 . James Patterson - $ 50 m ( £ 28 m ) 3 . Stephen King - $ 45 m ( £ 25 m ) 4 . Tom Clancy - $ 35 m ( £ 20 m ) 5 . Danielle Steel - $ 30 m ( £ 17 m ) 6 . John Grisham - $ 25 m ( £ 14 m ) 6 . Dean Koontz - $ 25 m ( £ 14 m ) 8 . Ken Follett - $ 20 m ( £ 11 m ) 9 . Janet Evanovich - $ 17 m ( £ 10 m ) 10 .
Nicholas Sparks - $ 16 m ( £9 m ) Source : Forbes magazine
" Over on the big screen , her Potter franchise has already generated $ 4.5 bn ( £ 2.5 bn ) at the worldwide box office - and she still has three more flicks to come . "
Since the first book , Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone , was published , the series has taken the world by storm .
The books have sold more than 400 million copies and been translated into 67 languages .
The final instalment of the series , Deathly Hallows , has sold 44 million copies since it came out last summer - including 15 million in the first 24 hours , the magazine said .
Elsewhere on the list was horror author Stephen King in third place , followed by Tom Clancy , best known for his 1984 novel The Hunt for Red October .
At number five was Danielle Steel , with John Grisham and Dean Koontz equal in sixth place .
Best - selling author of Pillars of the Earth , Ken Follett , was in eighth place , while Janet Evanovich , the writer behind the Stephanie Plum novels , was at number nine .
US writer Nicholas Sparks rounded off the top 10 .
( 2014/6/3 追記 ) MailCatcher がおすすめです 。
( 2008/11/4追記 ) gem版も作ってみました。
id:muscovyduckさんの( 素晴らしい )記事を参考に、ちょっとだけ手を加えて開発用のSMTPサーバ mocksmtpd.rb を作成しました。メールを外に出さずにHTMLで保存する単純なSMTPサーバです。
これを使うと 、Seleniumでメールのテストが簡単にできるようになります。ユーザ登録時にURLをメールで送信して本人確認とか。間にメールが挟まってもテストがつながります。
使い方
# コンソールで実行 mocksmtpd.rb # デーモンとして実行 mocksmtpd.rb -d # デーモンを停止 mocksmtpd.rb stop
他にオプションはありません。設定を変えたい時はスクリプトの最初の辺りを見てください、、。
HTMLはスクリプトと同じディレクトリに置かれたinboxという名前のディレクトリに保存します。
デーモンとして実行する場合、logという名前のディレクトリが必要です。ログとpidファイルを保存します。
mocksmtpd.rb smtpserver.rb log/ inbox /
25番ポートを開くためにrootで実行するけど、HTMLは一般ユーザで作成したいような場合、euidとegidという変数にuid/gidを設定してください。実効ユーザIDを変更します。たとえばソースの以下のコメントを外すと、mocksmtpd.rbと同じユーザでHTMLを作成します。
あとは、iptablesとかxinetdとかを使って25番ポートをリダイレクトする方法もあるみたいです。よく知りません。(どちらもこないだ人から教わった)
以前書い たApache Jamesの記事もよかったら見てみてください。もう使わないと思うけど。モチベーションとかが書いてあります。
ソース
mocksmtpd.rb
#! /usr/bin/env ruby DIR = File.expand_path(File.dirname(__FILE__ ) ) $ :.unshift ( DIR ) require ' smtpserver ' require ' erb ' require ' nkf ' include ERB :: Util logfile = " #{DIR}/log/mocksmtpd.log " pidfile = " #{DIR}/log/mocksmtpd.pid " inbox = " # {DIR}/inbox " euid , egid , umask = nil , nil , nil # euid = File :: Stat.new(__FILE__).uid # egid = File :: Stat.new(__FILE__).gid # umask = 2 config = { : Port => 25 , : ServerName => ' mocksmtpd ' , : RequestTimeout => 120 , : LineLengthLimit => 1024 , } if ARGV.include ? " - d " daemon = true end if ARGV.
include ?
" stop " pid = File.read ( pidfile ) system " kill - TERM # {pid} " exit end logger = daemon ?
WEBrick ::Log.new( logfile , WEBrick :: BasicLog :: INFO ) : WEBrick :: Log.new start_cb = Proc.new do File.umask ( umask ) unless umask.nil ?
Process.egid = egid unless egid.nil ?
Process.euid = euid unless euid.nil ? if daemon if File.exist ?( pidfile ) pid = File.read ( pidfile ) logger .
warn ( " pid file already exists : # {pid} " ) exit end open ( pidfile , " w " ) do |io| io << Process .
pid end end end stop_cb =
Proc.new do File.delete( pidfile ) if daemon end config [ : ServerType ] = daemon ?
WEBrick :: Daemon : nil config [ : Logger ] = logger config [ : StartCallback ] = start_cb config[ : StopCallback ] = stop_cb eval DATA.read def save_entry ( mail ) open ( mail [ : path ] , " w " ) do |io| io << ERB.new ( ENTRY_ERB , nil , " % - " ) .result ( binding ) end end def save_index ( mail , path ) unless File.exist ?( path ) open ( path , " w " ) do |io| io << INDEX_SRC end end htmlsrc = File.read ( path ) add = ERB.new ( INDEX_ITEM_ERB , nil , " % - " ) .result ( binding ) htmlsrc.sub !(/<!-- ADD -->/ , add ) open ( path , " w " ) do |io| io << htmlsrc end end config [ : DataHook ] = Proc.new do |src , sender , recipients | logger .
info " mail recieved from #{sender} " src = NKF. nkf ( " - wm " , src ) subject = src.match (/ ^Subject:\s*(.+)/i).to_a[1].to_s.strip date = src.match (/ ^Date:\s*(.+)/i).to_a[1].to_s.strip src = ERB :: Util.h( src ) src = src.gsub( %r{https ?://[-_.!~*\'() a-zA -Z0-9;\/?:\@&=+\$ , %# ]+} , '< a href = " \ 0 " >\0</a>') src = src.gsub(/(?:\r
|\r|
) / , " < br />
" ) if date.empty ? date = Time.now else date = Time.parse ( date ) end mail = { : source => src , : sender => sender , : recipients => recipients , : subject => subject , : date => date , } format = " %Y%m% d%H%M%S " fname = date.strftime ( format ) + " .html " while File.exist ?( inbox + " / " + fname ) date += 1 fname = date.strftime( format ) + " .html " end mail [ : file ] = fname mail [ : path ] = inbox + " / " + fname save_entry ( mail ) save_index ( mail , inbox + " /index.html " ) end server = SMTPServer.new ( config ) [: INT , : TERM ] .each do |signal| Signal.trap( signal ) { server .
shutdown } end server .
start __END__ ENTRY_ERB = << ' EOT ' < ?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " UTF - 8 " ?>
<!
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN " " http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd " >
< html xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml " xml:lang= " ja-JP " lang = " ja-JP " > < head > < meta http-equiv= " Content - Type " content = " text / html ; charset=utf - 8 " /> < link rel= " index " href= " ./index.html " /> < title >< %=h mail [ : subject ] %> ( < %= mail [ : date ].to_s %>)</ title > </ head > < body style= " background : #eee " > < h1 id =" subject " >< %=h mail [ : subject ] %></h1 > < div ><p id =" date " style = " font- size:0.8em ; " >< %= mail [ : date ] .to_s %></div> < div id =" source " style= " border : solid 1px # 666 ; background : white ; padding : 2em ; " > < p >< %= mail [ : source ] %></p> </div> </ body > </html > EOT INDEX_SRC = < < ' EOT ' < ?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " UTF - 8 " ?>
<!
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN " " http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd " >
< html xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml " xml:lang= " ja-JP " lang = " ja-JP " > < head > < meta http-equiv= " Content - Type " content = " text / html ; charset=utf - 8 " /> < link rel= " index " href= " ./index.html " /> < title > Inbox < / title > < style type =" text /css " > body { background : #eee ; } table { border : 1px #999 solid ; border - collapse : collapse ; } th , td { border : 1px # 999 solid ; padding : 6 px 12 px ; } th { background : #ccc ; } td { background : white ; } </style > </head > < body > < h1 > Inbox </h1 > < table > < thead > < tr > < th> Date</th > < th > Subject </th > < th > From </th > < th > To</th > </tr> </ thead > < tbody > <!-- ADD --> </tbody > </ table > </ body > </html > EOT INDEX_ITEM_ERB = << ' EOT ' <!-- ADD --> < tr> < td ><%= mail [ : date ].strftime ( " %Y - %m-%d %H :%M :%S " ) %></td> < td > < a href= " < %=h mail [ : file ] %> " >< %=h mail [ : subject ] %></a></td> < td >< %=h mail [ : sender ] %></td> < td><%=h mail [:recipients].to_a.join ( " , " ) %></td> </tr> EOT
smtpserver.rb
require ' webrick ' require ' tempfile ' module GetsSafe def gets_safe ( rs = nil , timeout = @timeout , maxlength = @maxlength ) rs = $/ unless rs f = self.kind_of ?( IO ) ?
self : STDIN @gets_safe_buf = '' unless @gets_safe_buf until @gets_safe_buf.include ?
rs do if maxlength and @gets_safe_buf.length > maxlength then raise Errno: : E2BIG , ' too long ' end if IO.select ( [f ] , nil , nil , timeout ) == nil then raise Errno:: ETIMEDOUT , ' timeout exceeded ' end begin @gets_safe_buf << f.sysread( 4096 ) rescue EOFError , Errno:: ECONNRESET
return @gets_safe_buf.empty ? ? nil : @gets_safe_buf.slice !( 0.. - 1 ) end end p = @gets_safe_buf.index rs if maxlength and p > maxlength then raise Errno: : E2BIG , ' too long ' end return @gets_safe_buf.slice !( 0 , p+rs.length ) end attr_accessor : timeout , : maxlength end class SMTPD class Error < StandardError ; end def initialize ( sock , domain ) @sock = sock @domain = domain @error_interval = 5 class << @sock include GetsSafe end @helo_hook = nil @mail_hook = nil @rcpt_hook = nil @data_hook = nil @data_each_line = nil @rset_hook = nil @noop_hook = nil @quit_hook = nil end attr_writer : helo_hook , : mail_hook , :rcpt_hook , : data_hook , : data_each_line , :rset_hook , : noop_hook , : quit_hook def start @helo_name = nil @sender = nil @recipients = [ ] catch ( : close ) do puts_safe " 220 # {@domain} service ready " while comm = @sock.gets_safe do catch : next_comm do comm.sub !(/\r ?
/ , '' ) comm , arg = comm.split(/\s+/,2 ) break if comm == nil case comm.upcase when ' EHLO ' then comm_helo arg when ' HELO ' then comm_helo arg when ' MAIL ' then comm_mail arg when ' RCPT ' then comm_rcpt arg when ' DATA ' then comm_data arg when ' RSET ' then comm_rset arg when ' NOOP ' then comm_noop arg when ' QUIT ' then comm_quit arg else error ' 502 Error : command not implemented ' end end end end end def line_length_limit= (n ) @sock.
maxlength = n end def input_timeout=(n ) @sock.timeout = n end attr_reader :line_length_limit , :input_timeout attr_accessor : error_interval attr_accessor :use_file , : max_size private def comm_helo ( arg ) if arg == nil or arg.split.size != 1 then error ' 501 Syntax : HELO hostname ' end @helo_hook.call( arg ) if @helo_hook @helo_name = arg reply " 250 # {@domain} " end def comm_mail ( arg ) if @sender != nil then error ' 503 Error : nested MAIL command ' end if arg !~ /^FROM:/i then error ' 501 Syntax : MAIL FROM : < address > ' end sender = parse_addr $ ' if sender == nil then error ' 501 Syntax : MAIL FROM : < address > ' end @mail_hook.call( sender ) if @mail_hook @sender = sender reply ' 250 Ok ' end def comm_rcpt ( arg ) if @sender == nil then error ' 503 Error : need MAIL command ' end if arg !~ /^TO:/ i then error ' 501 Syntax : RCPT TO : < address >' end rcpt = parse_addr $ ' if rcpt == nil then error ' 501 Syntax : RCPT TO : < address > ' end @rcpt_hook.call( rcpt ) if @rcpt_hook @recipients << rcpt reply ' 250 Ok ' end def comm_data( arg ) if @recipients .size == 0 then error ' 503 Error : need RCPT command ' end if arg != nil then error ' 501 Syntax : DATA ' end reply ' 354 End data with < CR >< LF >.< CR >< LF >' if @data_hook tmpf = @use_file ? Tempfile.new ( ' smtpd ' ) : '' end size = 0 loop do l = @sock .
gets_safe if l == nil then raise SMTPD :: Error , ' unexpected EOF ' end if l.chomp == '. ' then break end if l [ 0 ] == ?. then l[ 0,1 ] = '' end size += l.size if @max_size and @max_size < size then error ' 552 Error : message too large ' end @data_each_line.call(l ) if @data_each_line tmpf << l if @data_hook end if @data_hook then if @use_file then tmpf.pos = 0 @data_hook.call( tmpf , @sender , @recipients ) tmpf.close( true ) else @data_hook.call( tmpf , @sender , @recipients ) end end reply ' 250 Ok ' @sender = nil @recipients = [ ] end def comm_rset ( arg ) if arg != nil then error ' 501 Syntax : RSET ' end @rset_hook.call( @sender , @recipients ) if @rset_hook reply ' 250 Ok ' @sender = nil @recipients = [ ] end def comm_noop ( arg ) if arg != nil then error ' 501 Syntax : NOOP ' end @noop_hook.call( @sender , @recipients ) if @noop_hook reply ' 250 Ok ' end def comm_quit ( arg ) if arg != nil then error ' 501 Syntax : QUIT ' end @quit_hook.call( @sender , @recipients ) if @quit_hook reply ' 221 Bye ' throw : close end def parse_addr ( str ) str = str.strip if str == '' then return nil end if str =~ /^<(.*) >$ / then return $ 1.gsub ( /\s+/ , '') end if str =~ /\s/ then return nil end str end def reply ( msg ) puts_safe msg end def error ( msg ) sleep @error_interval if @error_interval puts_safe msg throw : next_comm end def puts_safe ( str ) begin @sock.puts str + " \r
" rescue raise SMTPD :: Error , " cannot send to client : '# {str.gsub (/\s+ / , " " ) } ' : #{$!.to_s} " end end end SMTPDError = SMTPD :: Error class SMTPServer < WEBrick :: GenericServer def run( sock ) server = SMTPD.new ( sock , @config[ : ServerName ] ) server.input_timeout = @config[: RequestTimeout ] server.line_length_limit = @config[ : LineLengthLimit ] server.helo_hook = @config[ : HeloHook ] server.mail_hook = @config[ : MailHook ] server.rcpt_hook = @config[ : RcptHook ] server.data_hook = @config[ : DataHook ] server.data_each_line = @config[:DataEachLine ] server.rset_hook = @config[ : RsetHook ] server.noop_hook = @config[ : NoopHook ] server.quit_hook = @config [ : QuitHook ] server . start end end
WASHINGTON , Nov. 16 ( UPI ) -- Gregory Craig , who directed Bill Clinton 's impeachment defense , has been chosen as White House counsel by U.S. President - elect Barack Obama , sources say .
Craig , a well - known Washington lawyer , also helped Obama prepare for his presidential debates by taking on the role of Republican opponent Sen.
John McCain of Arizona in practice sessions , the Washington publication Politico reported Sunday .
Advertisement
Citing unnamed Democratic Party sources , Politico said Obama 's transition team has settled on Craig for the White House counsel job but were unsure of when an announcement of his appointment would be made .
Craig first met former President Bill Clinton and his wife , Sen. Hillary Clinton , D - N.Y. , at Yale Law School and was recruited for the impeachment defense job by John Podesta , who was then President Clinton 's White House chief of staff and is now a leader of Obama 's transition team , Politico said .
The White House counsel acts as the president 's attorney , giving him legal advice and handling pardons and conflict - of - interest issues .
How to Help with Cleanup
Mr Huckvale had read about the bionic leg available in the US and was saving for one – but had only managed to put away a fraction of the required £ 40,000 .
By DAN RING
dring@repub.com
BOSTON - Voters on Tuesday resoundingly defeated a ballot proposal to eliminate the state income tax , saying it would force radical cuts in government services .
A ballot question to decriminalize the possession of an ounce or less of marijuana passed by a landslide , dealing a defeat to prosecutors , sheriffs and police chiefs who lined up against the measure .
With 70 percent of precincts in the state reporting , voters approved the marijuana proposal by 65 to 35 percent .
Voters also passed by 56 to 44 percent a ballot question that sought to close the state 's two greyhound race tracks and prevent others from opening .
Election Day 2008
By 69 to 31 percent , voters killed Question 1 , which aimed to abolish the 5.3 percent state income tax over two years .
Voters defeated the ballot proposal by a much wider margin than in 2002 , when a similar measure faced no organized opposition and received 45 percent of the vote .
" I feel thrilled that voters defeated this irresponsible question , " said Pamela C. Schwartz , of Northampton , coordinator in Western Massachusetts for the effort to defeat Question 1 .
Carla A. Howell , chairwoman of the Committee for Small Government , which sponsored the tax - cutting ballot proposal , said she was n't surprised by the results given the millions of dollars public employee unions spent in opposition .
ELECTION 2008
Exit polls : Obama wins women , blacks , Hispanics
Obama reaches out to McCain
Interactive map
" We knew it was David versus Goliath , " Howell said .
The Coalition for Our Communities , which led the opposition to Question 1 , spent $ 3.6 million , or 10 times the money of the question 's sponsors , according to campaign reports through Oct. 20 .
Whitney A. Taylor , campaign manager for the Committee for Sensible Marijuana Policy , said approval of Question 2 means police can spend more time and money on serious crimes and that people wo n't get a damaging criminal record for a minor offense .
" I'm very proud of the campaign we ran , " Taylor said .
" We were able to get the truth out .
The voters paid attention to the facts . "
The proposal replaces the criminal penalties for possessing one ounce or less of marijuana with a civil fine of $ 100 , or something akin to receiving a speeding ticket .
Passage of Question 3 calls for ending dog racing on Jan. 1 , 2010 .
Unless state legislators and the governor repeal or amend the ballot law , Raynham Park and Wonderland Greyhound Park in Revere would close .
Christine A. Dorchak , co-chairwoman of the Committee to Protect Dogs , credited 3,000 volunteers around the state who collected signatures to place the question on the ballot .
Voters defeated a similar referendum in 2000 , but this year supporters said they were armed with more data on injuries to dogs at the tracks .
Glenn P. Totten , a spokesman for the Massachusetts Animal Interest Coalition , which opposed Question 3 , said he was disappointed .
He said 1,000 people will lose their jobs if the two dog tracks close .
As they emerged from the polling places in Western Massachusetts , voters said they cast ballots against abolishing the income tax because it would mean sweeping reductions in police , fire , education and health care .
" Services should continue for low - income people , " said Lydia Sanchez , 48 , a supervisor at a community health center in Springfield , who voted to preserve the income tax at the New North Family Care Center in Springfield .
Walter J. Kiel , 60 , of Ludlow , said he also voted " no " on Question 1 .
" It would just be too much of a hit , " Kiel , a self - employed landscaper , said after voting at Ludlow High School .
" It would impact too many people . "
Supporters said they wanted to send a message to Beacon Hill that taxes are too high .
In Palmer , Theresa M. Watkins , 47 , a mother of two , said she voted yes on Question 1 because taxes and other costs of living are already too high .
" People are trying to survive , " said Watkins , after voting at the Converse Middle School .
Money was also behind approval of the other ballot questions .
The Committee for a Sensible Marijuana Policy , bankrolled with $ 400,000 from wealthy businessman George Soros , spent $ 570,000 , almost 20 times more than opponents .
A spokesman for the Coalition for Safe Streets , which opposed Question 2 , cited the spending by proponents of Question 2 as a key reason for its passage .
Police and prosecutors said decriminalizing marijuana sends the wrong message to teenagers and can be a gateway to use of more serious illegal drugs .
Supporters of a ban on dog racing spent $ 670,000 , with much of the money going toward emotional television ads about the plight of the animals .
Supporters said it was a clear case of the need to protect animals .
" Dog racing is cruel and abusive , " said Joanne M. McDiarmid , of Palmer , an English teacher at Pathfinder Regional Vocational - Technical High School in Palmer who has two pet dogs .
" I also love animals . "
There are a lot of reasons why I 'm voting yes on the plan for light rail tomorrow .
I think it 's an important vote for the city , but not an end - all vote .
However , unlike the misleading advertising by those who do n't want the light rail plan , I feel like now is the perfect time for us to be moving forward .
1 ) Alternatives for transportation -- I 'm a strong believer in providing multiple alternatives for people to move about the city .
Light rail is yet another option -- and it will bring new riders into public transit .
2) Democratic Power in Washington -- it is very likely that Barack Obama will be voted in as President tomorrow , along with a couple of dozen other House and Senate seats going to the Democrats , giving them a strong majority in both houses .
With the Democrats being more in favor of energy efficient transportation options , there will be no greater time to get Federal dollars than over the next 2 - 4 years .
3 ) Kansas City Needs this -- not just in the " keeping up with the Jones " kind of way ( although there 's that too ) .
We are badly in need of routes that will move people from the urban core to the jobs in other parts of the metro .
In leiu of adequate bus service -- particularly in our suburbs -- a regional light rail plan would fit the bill nicely .
6 of the 20 top zip cods for jobs in this city lie either directly along the most likely connector rail line that would come in from Johnson County -- with another 3 major job hubs being easily connected with circulator bus routes in those areas .
We must find a way to open up those jobs to the large percentage of urban Kansas Citians that do n't have access to them because they do n't own cars .
While this plan is not a regional rail plan , a truly regional rail plan that includes the Kansas side of the state line is unlikely in the same tax vote .
Kansas City , MO dedicating itself to the starter route ( and the eventual regional route on the Missouri side ) is the best way to put pressure on the Kansas side of the line to develop their commuter rail line .
4 ) Urban development -- rail will move more people more efficiently than buses can ( once the line is up and going ) -- which will ( and has everywhere ) spurred density growth along the rail routes .
The replacement of surface parking lots in exchange for urban development and population density will be great for the city , and will bring a population tax base into the city that can then help the city pay for other services ( like those pesky sewers ) .
5 ) Rising Gas prices - - now that gas prices have fallen below $ 2 a gallon , it is easy to forget that the price of gasoline continues to go up .
( click on the 6 year map to see the trend ) .
The government has allowed prices to drop following the collapse of our credit flow in this country -- and leading into the election -- to improve consumer confidence .
However , it is undeniable that the trend in gasoline prices is up .
And will continue that way for the next 5 - 10 years .
Having this ready to go in 5 - 7 years will be important , vs waiting for the gas price crunch to get us .
6 ) Rising demand for public transit --
With the higher gas prices , more people moving to the urban core , and a greater emphasis on our environment , there is a greater demand now for public transit .
Bus ridership is up to a level not seen in decades .
Amtrak has seen it 's numbers go up 30 % on the year .
There is no reason to believe this trend , which is taking place across the US , will go down any time soon .
Is the plan perfect ?
No .
Not in my mind .
But it 's a good , workable start -- that will give other areas in the metro confidence that we are moving forward as a city and that they will be left behind if they do n't participate .
It 's a good plan .
And the timing is right to move forward .
Let 's get on board .
WASHINGTON --
The number of U.S. workers filing new claims for state unemployment benefits unexpectedly soared past the half - million mark last week for the first time in over seven years .
Meanwhile , the U.S. trade deficit narrowed sharply in September as the wilting economy sent purchases of foreign oil , cars , and other goods made overseas tumbling .
The ...
Welcome to : AutomatedForexMoney.com
Instantly Have Your Very Own Profitable Membership Website ...
That Will Earns You Money Day After Day �
We are proud to have built an AUTOMATIC PROFITS SYSTEM that will pay you the entire 100 % of all your profit !
If you would like to own your own high profit business , or if you are someone who would like to make a lot of money quickly , this may be the most exciting website you will ever read !
You can use our cash generating Membership Website to earn money from all over the world , 24 hours a day 7 days a week .
You keep all 100 % of the profits yourself ...
And to make it even easier , it 's F R E E to join !
Earn ALL 100 % of YOUR MEMBERS PAYMENTS !
Earn ALL 100 % of ALL YOUR PROFIT !!
Payments are made to you Automatically !
Payments go DIRECTLY into your account !
YOU DECIDE how much money you want to earn !
We turn so much CASH it 's MIND BLOWING !
Our members are truly CASHING IN !
You Can Be Up And Running In 5 Minutes !
It 's FREE to Join !
You Can Start Profiting Right Away !
This is the perfect money - making system and is one of the simplest ways to make money that you 'll find !
It is easy to understand , works fast , and offers a huge growth potential !
Discover how you can make money from your computer with no prior experience and without doing any of the hard work !
There is nothing to figure out .
Just sign up and you 're in business .
You will get immediate online access to your own " members only " website that allows you to create a limitless , never ending source of income instantly .
This means Money , Lot�s of Money , You can Create The Biggest Payday Of Your Life ... Everyday ...
EVERY SINGLE MONTH YEAR AFTER YEAR !
Best of All You Keep All 100 % Of The Profits Yourself !
$ $$CLICK : Non-Compound : Silver account /25.1-30.5 %/ daily For 7 days $ $ $
Plan Spent Amount ( $ ) Daily Profit ( % )
Start Plan $ 50 - $ 100 25.10
Pro Plan $ 101 - $ 1,000 27.50
Business Plan $ 1,001 and more 30.50
Calculate your profit >>
$ $$CLICK : Non-Compound : GOLD Account : 156.5 % / after 3 days $ $ $
Plan Spent Amount ( $ ) Profit ( % )
Gold Plan $ 500 and more 156.50
Calculate your profit >>
$ $$ Non-Compound : PLATIUM:360.1 % AFTER 5 DAYS $ $ $
Plan Spent Amount ( $ ) Profit ( % )
VIPMEMBER Plan $ 5,000 and more 360.10
Calculate your profit >>
$ $$ Compound Plan : 15.00 % - 18 % DAILY FOR 10 DAYS $ $ $
Plan Spent Amount ( $ ) Daily Profit ( % )
Compound I $ 200 - $ 1,000 15.00
Compound II $ 1,001 - $ 5,000 16.50
Compound III $ 5,001 and more 18.00
Calculate your profit >>
This post has been edited by Safe Online Investment : Oct 29 2008 , 05:46 PM
The “ birth rate ” for stars is certainly not easy to determine .
Distances in the universe are far too great for astronomers to be able to count all the newly formed celestial bodies with the aid of a telescope so it is fortunate that emerging stars give themselves away by a characteristic signal known as “ H - alpha ” emissions .
The larger the number of stars being formed in a particular region of the firmament , the more H - alpha rays are emitted from that region .
More newborn stars are apparently emerging around the universe than previously assumed , say researchers at Bonn University who published a paper in “ Nature ” explaining that a systematic error in the method of estimation has resulted in a lower number .
“ H- alpha emissions only occur in the vicinity of very heavy stars , ” explains Jan Pflamm - Altenburg of the Argelander Institute of Astronomy at Bonn University .
It has long been accepted that heavy and light stars are always born in a certain ratio to each other .
One “ H - alpha baby ” is thought to be accompanied by 230 lighter stars with a mass too low for them to emit H - alpha rays .
However , new observations make this theory untenable .
On the edges of “ disc galaxies ” ( like the Milky Way ) the H - alpha radiation ceases abruptly .
For a long time astronomers concluded from this finding that no stars are being born in this region .
“ The explanation offered is simply that too little gaseous matter exists for it to collapse into balls and form stars , ” says Jan Pflamm - Altenburg .
“ These theories largely inform our understanding of how galaxies developed from the Big Bang to the present . ”
A satellite mission has recently revealed that stars are in fact being formed beyond the H - alpha perimeter .
These stars are , without exception , so light that no H - alpha radiation is emitted .
Consequently , the numerical ratio of 230 light stars to one heavy star does not apply to the edges of galaxies .
“ This observation presented the astronomy community with quite a conundrum , ” says Professor Dr. Pavel Kroupa of the Argelander Institute .
Kroupa and Pflamm - Altenburg have come up with a solution which , they say , is basically very simple .
They note that star births are not evenly distributed across galaxies but are focused on the star clusters – well known examples being the Seven Sisters and the Orion Nebula .
And only large , high - mass clusters produce heavy stars , i.e. the newborn stars that can create the H - alpha emission .
“ But these heavy star clusters primarily occur in the core regions of disc galaxies , ” says Jan Pflamm - Altenburg .
“ Towards the edges they become increasingly rare .
The outer regions tend to contain smaller clusters in which the formation of lighter stars is more frequent . ”
The conclusion is that a numerical ratio of 230 to 1 is only valid for the centres of galaxies .
On the edges of galaxies each “ H - alpha baby ” might be accompanied by a thousand or more light stars .
Those astronomers who always use the same factor when calculating total star formations from their H - alpha readings therefore underestimate the number of newborn stars .
The theoretical work of the two Bonn - based astrophysicists supports affirms that the mass of new stars depends linearly on the mass of the gas in their vicinity .
Their conclusions open up completely new perspectives for research into the development of galaxies .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
I began needing drugs to stay alive one day in the early 1990s , though I did not realize it at the time .
I was still a decade away from officially becoming an old person by US government standards , although I ’d already started getting my mailings from aarp .
I had spent the afternoon in the Plaza Hotel bar in New York City , meeting with an actor who ’d said he wanted to make a film from a book I ’d written .
( To no one ’s surprise , it never happened . )
I ’d had a few bourbons without eating anything , and afterward I stopped off at a falafel place .
Then I began to vomit blood .
I went to the doctor .
He gave me the first of what was to become a series of yearly tests , snaking a fiber - optic device down my throat to look at my upper digestive tract .
He announced that I had Barrett ’s syndrome , a dangerous precancerous condition in the cells of the lower esophagus , caused by years of acid reflux .
But fortunately for me , the doctor said , there was a pill , still relatively new at the time , that could save me from a terrible fate — a little purple pill .
With that , I became one of the millions of people who take Prilosec and a crop of other prescription drugs for acid reflux , stomach ulcers , and heartburn .
This was when I learned what it means to get old .
You ’re no longer like the average young person , who needs a course of antibiotics to cure a sinus infection , or painkillers for a sprained ankle .
You have more in common with people who have life - threatening diseases like aids or cancer :
Your access to the drugs you need may determine whether you will live another day , or another 10 years .
Or it may determine whether you can see , or whether you can walk across a room .
You will take pills until you die .
With that in mind , the question of what the government does to ensure America ’s elders get their drugs takes on a significance of Darwinian proportions .
And so , it was with more than professional interest that I followed President Bush ’s push for a Medicare prescription drug plan in 2003 — his signature health care initiative , and to date his only successful one .
Congress passed the plan in a dramatic , clock - stopping session that November amid much media fanfare ; two years later , I got a chance to try it out when I joined the 25 million people receiving benefits under what ’s now known as Medicare Part D .
Part D offers a disturbing window on the future of health care .
For conservatives , it represents the sharp end of the stake they hope to drive into Medicare at large , destroying the largest and best single - payer health care program this nation has ever known .
For progressives , it demonstrates the vast shortcomings of any health program — no matter how “ universal ” — that fails to defy Big Pharma and the insurance companies .
For myself , perhaps the key lesson from dealing with Part D has been that the new plan does n’t have that much to do with ensuring drug access for seniors , but a great deal with securing the vested interests of the stakeholders — from the Bush administration and the pharma industry , all the way to groups like aarp .
prilosec was just the beginning of my life in pills .
A few years after my esophageal cancer scare , a doctor encouraged me to consider antidepressants , and I grudgingly went to see the psychiatrist he recommended .
A genial , heavyset man , he greeted me from a leather armchair that was tilted back into a reclining position so he could comfortably view his patient .
Then he launched into a series of rapid - fire questions :
Do you have trouble sleeping ?
Wake up feeling blue ?
Think bad thoughts during the day ?
Ever think of committing suicide ?
At the end of the interrogation he smiled broadly and said , “ You ’ve got 7 out of 10 . ”
Turning on the electric motor in his chair , he winched himself upright and opened the door to a cupboard , revealing shelf after shelf of pill samples .
He pulled out a package and said , “ Here , see how this works . ”
Like many people , I went through a string of antidepressants before settling on one with side effects I could endure — in my case , Wellbutrin .
And like many people , I kept on taking it .
The cdc reports that in 2005 , antidepressants were the most prescribed class of drugs in the country , with nearly 118 million prescriptions written that year alone .
US sales of antidepressants in 2006 topped $ 13 billion .
The elderly , unsurprisingly , make up an important segment of the antidepressant market .
For some people , I suppose , getting old may be the glorious adventure that ’s depicted in commercials for retirement investments .
But for most of us , it ’s actually pretty dispiriting :
You feel lousy , your friends are sick or dead , and you worry about dying too — or running out of money before you do .
In the United States , an estimated 5 million or more seniors — about 1 in 7 — suffer from depression , and the elderly have a higher suicide rate than the general population as well .
When it comes to treatment , of course , antidepressants tend to win out over costly psychotherapy sessions where we might find some relief talking about how rotten it is to get old .
Between 1995 and 2004 , according to a Department of Health and Human Services study , the number of antidepressant scrips written annually for patients over 65 more than doubled .
By the time I officially became a senior citizen , I was already taking two of the most prescribed classes of drugs in the United States .
Then , while visiting France a few years ago , I suddenly felt a numbing in my left arm .
I told the concierge at my hotel in Dijon , who swiftly called a doctor to my room .
( She apologized profusely that because I was a foreigner , a house call would cost all of $ 50 — on a Sunday . )
The doctor said I was all right , but insisted that I go to the hospital nonetheless .
I was quickly picked up by a miniambulance , admitted through the emergency room , checked out by doctors and specialists , and run through a CT scan and mri before being released six hours later with a bill for a little more than $ 200 .
Back in the United States , my doctor agreed with the French hospital ’s assessment that I ’d probably had something called a transient ischemic attack — a tiny , passing stroke that leaves no permanent damage , but is a powerful warning sign of worse things to come .
I must keep my blood pressure and bad cholesterol way down , he said , so I started taking Diovan for the former and Pravastatin for the latter .
Among seniors , drugs for high blood pressure and heart disease are among the most widely prescribed , according to the cdc , as are cholesterol - lowering drugs , which have been another recent boon to drug companies , with $ 21.6 billion in US sales in 2006 .
this , then , was my lineup when I signed on to Medicare at the beginning of 2006 .
Every day , I take four of the most common types of drugs used by people over 65 .
In addition , I take two kinds of expensive eye - drops for glaucoma , Cosopt and Xalatan .
Without this cocktail , I would be blind and at an increased risk of having a stroke , developing esophageal cancer , and slitting my wrists .
Now , my supply of these tiny kernels of survival would depend on Part D .
I had looked forward to going off private insurance and on Medicare : no more searching for in - network doctors , or getting precertified for routine procedures .
Medicare is a far cry from Europe ’s national health care systems — besides being primarily for old people , it has significant monthly premiums ( for most , $ 96.40 in 2008 ) , deductibles ( including $ 1,024 for hospital stays ) , and copays .
Yet it ’s like those systems in that it ’s basically a single - payer setup , in which the government pays providers to take care of patients .
But there ’s a big difference between the original Medicare program and the new prescription drug plan , a difference that reflects the times in which each came to be .
Original Medicare grew out of Harry Truman ’s post - World War II calls for national health care .
The program was debated for 20 years , and finally created ( along with Medicaid for the poor ) under Lyndon Johnson in 1965 , against the wishes of the American Medical Association and much to the chagrin of conservatives , who ever since then have been looking for ways to dismantle what they see as a dangerous step toward socialized medicine .
Medicare , which in 1972 was expanded to cover disabled people under 65 , did not include a prescription drug benefit — but in the ’60s and ’ 70s , drugs were cheaper and less crucial to treatment , even for seniors with chronic conditions .
Since then , drug spending has risen steadily :
Most years in the 1980s and 1990s saw double - digit increases , far outstripping inflation rates or even the rise in overall health care costs .
Yet efforts to add any version of single - payer drug coverage to Medicare — most recently , as part of Hillary Clinton ’s doomed 1993 Health Security Act — have consistently failed .
In fact , some have argued that Medicare not only can’t handle added benefits , but must essentially be destroyed in order to save it :
Only some form of privatization , conservatives say , will prevent this foolhardy entitlement program from going bankrupt .
In 1995 , the Heritage Foundation launched a $ 30 million media campaign about Medicare reform .
The foundation proposed a market - based system , modeled on the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program , in which the government would subsidize private insurance and managed - care companies in providing benefits .
While this public - private model has not yet succeeded in replacing Medicare , it did find expression in the new drug benefit .
Part D is not in fact an entitlement program ; it really is n’t even a benefit provided by the government .
It ’s a program subsidized ( and nominally run ) by the government in which people buy prescription drug insurance policies provided by private companies .
That public - private model did n’t mute the right ’s opposition to Part D : After all , conservatives had proposed this notion in order to reduce existing benefits , not to add new ones .
Some have never forgiven Bush for supporting Part D , and still aim to dismantle it .
( In an especially cynical move , in 2005 , the Republican Study Committee , a group of congressional budget slashers , proposed postponing implementation of the Medicare drug program in order to pay for Katrina relief . )
The pharmaceutical companies also flatly opposed Part D in the early stages of its development , which occurred during Bill Clinton ’s final years in office .
But the pharma giants later had a sort of epiphany , realizing that the industry ’s real enemy was n’t a Medicare drug plan per se ; in fact , as long as it was executed on their terms , such a plan actually stood to increase drug sales .
By the time Bush ’s Part D proposal rolled around , explains Paul Precht , deputy policy director of the nonpartisan Medicare Rights Center , “ the pharmaceutical industry said , ‘ We wo n’t oppose it , but there has to be privatized delivery . ' ”
As Congress debated what was to become the Medicare Modernization Act of 2003 , drug companies , insurance companies , hmos , industry trade associations , and advocacy groups spent more than $ 140 million on lobbying and deployed at least 952 lobbyists , according to a 2004 Public Citizen report .
Their biggest priority : to prevent a system in which the government had the power to negotiate drug prices , as it does in purchases for the Department of Veterans Affairs , the Department of Defense , and the Public Health Service .
It worked .
“ Drug company lobbyists were unbelievably successful in getting a sentence put in the legislation saying the government cannot negotiate or set prices , ” notes Dr. Sidney Wolfe , director of Public Citizen ’s Health Research Group .
“ And once you had that , it became pure privatization , a free - enterprise system . ”
Yet in this marketplace system , the government submits to terms that no private business would accept .
Like any health plan , Medicare now negotiates what it will pay hospitals and doctors , Wolfe notes ; why not do the same for drugs ?
“ This is just chickenshit behavior on the part of the Congress .
They just bowed over to the pharmaceutical industry . ”
Under the 2003 law , prices and “ formularies ” — the lists of which drugs are covered according to different “ tiers ” of coverage — are set by the individual companies that offer Part D plans .
Each company makes its own deals with drug manufacturers for discounts in the form of rebates ( to the companies , not the consumers ) .
There ’s little real competition among these insurers , and to the extent they are able to squeeze discounts out of the manufacturers , they go straight to their bottom line — not to consumers .
In an investigation last October , the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform found that the discounts negotiated by private plans reduced overall drug spending by only 8 percent in 2007 ; in contrast , the Medicaid program , where the government buys drugs directly , cuts costs a full 26 percent via rebates .
In fact , one of the Medicare Modernization Act ’s biggest handouts to the drug industry was its reclassification of 6.2 million low - income elderly and disabled people who had been receiving drug coverage through the Medicaid program .
The new law forced these people into Part D ; now the government subsidizes the same drugs at higher prices .
According to the 2007
House report , that change alone stood to increase drug company profits by an estimated $ 2.8 billion in 2007 .
people talk about the red tape of government bureaucracies , but dealing with true government - run programs like Social Security and original Medicare is child ’s play compared to navigating the miasma created by the “ marketplace ” of Part D .
On the government website that introduces the plan , the headline reads , “ America , Pull up a Chair .
We ’ve Got Something Good to Talk About . ”
That ’s an upbeat way of saying that most oldsters do n’t have an ice cube ’s chance in hell of understanding this thing on their own .
When I signed up for Part D , I was in my 60s with my faculties reasonably intact , computer literate , and lucky enough to have friends who were doctors and consumer advocates .
I still did n’t have a clue how to choose from among the 52 Medicare prescription drug plans offered by about 20 different companies in the District of Columbia .
Their monthly premiums ranged from about $ 15 to nearly $ 100 , their yearly deductibles from $ 0 to $ 275 .
And that was the simple part .
More important , and way more complicated , was the matter of whether each of my particular drugs was on their formulary lists , which would determine the size of my copayments .
To really find out which was the best plan for me , I would have to look up each of my six maintenance drugs on various plans ’ formularies , figure out the annual cost of my copayments , and add this number to the annual cost of the plan ’s premiums and deductibles .
In other words , I ’d need a spreadsheet .
So I gave up .
That is , I turned to aarp .
Something has always annoyed me about the group , whose mailings depict old age as something enjoyed by good - looking people whose dentures sparkle as they dance the tango or race along the coast in a convertible , one hand on the wheel and the other holding a frosty can of Ensure .
Absent are any shots of old folks eating ramen noodles so they can afford their blood pressure meds .
But aarp ‘s real loss of credibility came with its last - minute support for the flawed Medicare drug plan , which its ceo — who once ran a PR firm representing major health care industry clients — declared to be “ not a perfect bill , but America can not wait for perfect . ”
With 39 million dues - paying members and a building that occupies almost an entire block in downtown Washington , you ’d think aarp could have waited for something a little bit closer to perfect .
But the organization also stood to make a bundle off a program run through private insurers .
For years now , aarp has been as much a health plan as an advocacy group ; according to a report by Physicians for a National Health Program , in 2002 $ 160 million — a quarter of aarp ‘s annual income — came from insurance - related sources , most of it in the form of aarp - branded policies marketed by private companies .
The group ’s revenue from similar partnerships in the prescription drug program could reach into the billions over the coming decade , the report found .
But aarp has one thing going for it : human beings manning its telephones — pleasant and endlessly patient human beings , willing and in most cases able to answer every question and explain every minute point .
I signed up for their midpriced Part D plan — and , it turns out , so did a lot of other people .
When the prescription drug benefit went into effect , there were about 90 companies offering some 3,000 plans .
By the end of the open enrollment period for the second year of Part D , UnitedHealth — whose most popular plan is offered through aarp — had the largest market share , with 27.6 percent .
The other market leader was Humana , with 20.6 percent ; all others had 7 percent or less .
For me , aarp ‘s MedicareRx Plan cost $ 26.40 a month last year , with no deductible .
Fortunately , three of the six drugs I take are generics , which cost only $ 6 a month under the plan .
Two are “ preferred ” brand - name drugs on aarp ‘s formulary , which cost $ 28 a month .
One of the two kinds of eyedrops I need is “ non-preferred , ” so it costs $ 69.10 .
My total monthly cost , for premium plus copays , was $ 169.50 .
It ’s more than I paid in the past , but it could be worse — if , for example , I were poor , but not poor enough for Part D .
To qualify for any subsidy of your Part D premiums and copayments , your income must be less than 150 percent of the federal poverty level , or $ 15,600 for an individual .
I ’m also lucky that only one of my essential drugs is not on my insurer ’s “ preferred ” formulary — though that could change at any time .
The price I ’m charged by my insurer is based on a “ list price ” developed by the manufacturer , explains the Medicare Rights Center ’s Precht , and manufacturers can change this list price at any time without warning .
By law , plans must report the net prices they pay ( the list price minus any rebates ) to Medicare , but not to consumers ; since both insurers and drugmakers have a vested interest in maximizing their take from government coffers and old folks ’ pocketbooks , this means zero transparency exactly where it is needed most .
Further , according to Precht , the plans are counting on the fact that most old people will not , or cannot , shop around for a new plan every time one of their drugs ’ prices or their premiums go up .
( The Center for Economic and Policy Research says premiums increased 25 percent this year alone . )
“ The senior market is viewed as sticky , ” he says .
“ Older people tend to want to stick with their plans , ” many of which “ start off with a low premium and then the price goes up . ”
For 2008 , my own monthly premiums are $ 32.50 — an annual increase of $ 73.20 since last year .
My total copays have gone up about $ 14 a month .
But all in all I ’d be doing okay — if it were n’t for “ the gap . ”
The gap is also known as the doughnut hole , and it works like this .
Whatever Medicare Part D plan you choose , you receive coverage up to the “ initial coverage limit , ” a threshold based on the full cost of the drugs you ’ve received ( not your copay amount ) .
In 2007 , the standard was $ 2,400 ; in 2008 , it ’s $ 2,510 .
After that you ’ll have to pay full freight for your drugs until you reach yet another level of spending , at which point Part D’s “ catastrophic ” coverage kicks in .
And guess what : According to the 2007 House oversight committee report , when beneficiaries are in the doughnut hole and paying full price , they do n’t benefit from the rebates regularly offered by pharmaceutical companies to insurers ; instead , the companies pocket the discounts .
Last year , according to the report , Part D insurers stood to receive a billion dollars in rebates on drugs that seniors had actually paid for on their own .
Most of the people who fall into the doughnut hole — 4.2 million in 2006 , the last year for which numbers were available — probably have no bloody idea when the big plunge is coming .
I certainly did n’t .
But then it happened , last August : Suddenly , my three $ 6 generic drugs cost $ 28.03 , $ 29.00 , and a whopping $ 106.29 for the generic version of the antidepressant Wellbutrin .
My $ 28 drugs were now $ 33 and $ 61 , and even my expensive “ non-preferred ” drug went up a few dollars .
And I still had to keep paying my plan premiums .
My monthly costs more than doubled , from $ 169.50 to $ 357.76 .
Like a lot of people who fall into the doughnut hole , I ’m never going to get out .
The year ends before I reach the required out - of - pocket cost , and then the whole cycle starts over again .
I could switch to a plan that offers gap coverage — but those are expensive and generally limit their coverage to generics .
In 2007 , 92 percent of enrollees in stand - alone Part D drug plans had no coverage in the gap .
Fortunately , I can afford to pay $ 357.76 a month for four or five months to get the drugs I need .
It pinches my budget , but wo n’t overwhelm it , especially as long as I keep working .
But that ’s not true for everyone .
What would I do if I could n’t afford my drugs ?
Where would I cut back ?
The antidepressants are the most expensive , so I could stop taking those .
I ’d feel shitty , but since I ’ve never actually been suicidal , at least it would n’t kill me .
I could take my chances on giving up my acid - reflux drugs , since only a fairly small percentage of people with untreated Barrett ’s syndrome actually develop esophageal cancer .
I ’d rather starve than give up my glaucoma meds .
How many old people in the United States are facing these choices today ?
And now ask yourself :
How many old people face similar dilemmas in France , or Japan , or Australia ?
you start to wonder whether it ’s worth joining Medicare Part D at all .
According to my calculations , in 2007 I spent $ 2,975 on drugs and premiums .
If I did n’t have a drug plan , I would have spent $ 3,976 .
So being on Medicare Part D saved me just $ 1,001 .
I could have saved a lot more just by being Canadian .
A 2004 analysis by the Health Reform Program at Boston University ’s School of Public Health found that drugmakers ’
US prices for brand - name drugs were 81 percent higher than the averages in Canada and six European countries .
If the United States instituted the same policies ( primarily , strict government price controls ) that help force drug companies to sell their products to Canadians for 30 to 50 percent less , many American seniors could have no prescription plan at all , and still pay less than they do now .
And the federal government could save itself the estimated $ 723 billion that Part D will cost during its first 10 years .
As it stands , investigators for Rep. Henry Waxman ( D - Calif . ) have found that in the six months after Part D went into effect , profits for the 10 largest drug companies increased a total of $ 8 billion — on average , 27 percent .
The House oversight committee estimated insurance companies ’ 2007 profits from Part D would be $ 1 billion .
As for the efficiency of the marketplace , according to the committee , “ the administrative expenses , sales costs , and profits of the privatized Part D program are almost six times higher than the administrative expenses of traditional Medicare . ”
None of the health care advocates I have spoken with expect to see much improvement anytime soon .
Democrats tried to pass a bill allowing the government to negotiate drug prices in Part D last year , but could n’t pull together the 60 votes needed to move it through the Senate ( and Bush had promised to veto it regardless ) .
Another mild reform involves letting the federal government offer its own drug plan under Part D ; the public option likely would be a little cheaper for seniors , and the competition could curb some of the private plans ’ price increases .
But unless the prices of the drugs themselves are lowered , advocates believe , the savings will not be significant .
Narrowing the doughnut hole is another option : Edwin Park , senior fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , says Congress could elect to start catastrophic coverage quicker , but that would cost money .
None of these measures addresses the core weakness of the program — its obligations to the insurance and drug industries .
Medicare Part D is a small - scale model of just the kind of system some Democrats , including Barack Obama , now propose — a government - subsidized health insurance plan , one that preserves the profits of private middlemen at a high cost to citizens ’ and government coffers .
For conservatives , meanwhile , the goal is to take Part D as a model for the rest of Medicare — and they ’ve already made some inroads .
The 2003 law that established Part D contains a “ demonstration project ” beginning in 2010 that will require Medicare to compete with private plans ( which , via a complicated pricing formula , will be rigged to have lower rates ) in six metro areas .
This is meant to be the model , the seed that will grow into the Brave New World of privatized Medicare .
Back before the drug bill passed , the senior advocacy group Gray Panthers saw the writing on the wall and denounced the legislation as “ bait in an insidious strategy to undermine traditional Medicare and convert it into a private industry using taxpayers ’ subsidies to pay for it . ”
They were right , and the way things are going , I may yet live to see it happen — as long as I keep taking my drugs .
Today I ’ll be continuing the multi-part series Investing for Beginners .
Do n’t forget to read the first part , Stock Market Basics if you have n’t already .
If you want to keep updated with new additions to the Investing for Beginners series then do n’t forget to subscribe to the Debit versus Credit RSS feed .
Today I ’ll be covering a little bit about Accounting , specifically how to analyze financial statements .
Now hold on !
Before you run away let me explain .
I realize that most of you are probably not especially fond of accounting , especially after having to endure the hell that is debits and credits .
If you do enjoy accounting you are a member of a small minority and I congratulate you .
As for the rest of us ( myself included ) accounting is much too tedious and sometimes even a little bit confusing .
That ’s not what we ’re here for today , though .
Today I will be teaching accounting , this much is true .
I will only be teaching what is necessary for the dissection of financial statements , which can then be applied to researching a company that you might be interested in investing in .
I promise it will be easy but more importantly it will be useful and FUN !
The only accounting that you should ever have to do when it comes to researching investments is as simple as reading existing financial statements .
I am going to provide examples of an income statement today and on the next update I ’ll cover the balance sheet and cash flow statements .
I ’ll point out what ’s important and how you can use these statements to analyze how well a company is doing financially .
The Income Statement
With the Income Statement we want to pay attention to several numbers , with Gross Profit and Net Income being the most important .
This is an annual report which lists the Net Income for the years ended Sep 24 of 2005 , Sep 30 of 2006 and Sep 29 of 2007 .
This means that the income and other figures listed are from the fiscal year beginning in October and ending in September of the following year .
Gross Profit :
The difference between revenue from sales and the cost of providing the product or service for said sales .
What do the numbers mean ?
And what do we do with them ?
There are some relatively obvious ways to dissect this Income Statement .
For example Apple ’s net income for the year ended September 2007 was $ 3,496,000,000 ( $ 3.5 billion ) dollars .
If you compare this to the previous year ( $ 1.9 billion dollars ) then it seems that Apple is doing something right .
But we ’re doing something wrong .
Comparing dollars to dollars is n’t usually the best way to read financial statements , as it ’s akin to comparing apples and oranges – especially when trying to compare Apple ’s net income against say Dell ’s or Microsoft ’s .
So how do we do it ?
Use percentages !
Let ’s look first at Apple ’s Gross Profit for the year ended Sep ’05 .
It ’s $ 4,043,000,000 ( the numbers are in thousands ) .
Now look at their gross profit the following year .
It ’s $ 5,598,000,000 .
Now divide the most recent year ( that you ’re looking at ) by the previous year ( 2006 /2005 ) and you get a number ( 1.38 ) which if put into percent format shows you that Apple made 138 % of the profit that they made in 2005 in the year 2006 .
In other words they made 38 % more in 2006 than they did in 2005 .
What ’s this number like for 2007 ?
Just divide 2007 / 2006 and you come up with a 45 % increase over year 2006 .
This is a good thing !
Their gross profit percentage is trending upwards , meaning that it is increasing year after year .
Net Income :
The “ bottom line . ”
It refers to the amount of money that a firm has left over after paying all of the bills .
Now let ’s check out their net income .
For the year 2006 they posted an increase in their net income ( over 2005 ) of 49 % and for the year 2007 an increase over 2006 of 75 % .
These numbers are amazing !
It was good that their gross profit was trending upwards with some high percentages , but the net income percentages are even larger !
Essentially this means that their income is increasing at a higher percentage than their expenses are .
Check out their “ selling and general administrative ” costs if you do n’t believe me .
30 % and 21 % – that ’s how much selling and general administrative costs increased .
Based on what we ’ve seen with Apple ’s income statement they ’re in a great position , in terms of growth .
Their Gross Profit and their Net Income has been increasing at a steady rate over the past several years .
If they can continue with this level of growth then it ’s almost a given that the AAPL share price will continue to increase over the months and years .
After all as long as a company is growing , then should n’t their share price continue to grow also ?
Technically yes , but there ’s a lot more that goes into share price than just profit .
Stay tuned for more Investing for Beginners !
That ’s going to be it for today .
Do n’t forget to subscribe to the Debit versus Credit feed so you can make sure to receive updates to the Investing for Beginners series as they are posted !
Interview with Notorious Lawyer Jacques Vergès ' There Is No Such Thing as Absolute Evil '
He has met Mao Zedong , Pol Pot and Che Guevara .
He defended ' Carlos the Jackal ' and Nazi war criminal Klaus Barbie .
Jacques Vergès , 83 , is probably the world 's most notorious attorney .
His latest client is Khieu Samphan , the former head of state of Cambodia under the Khmer Rouge , who is on trial for war crimes .
I have an issue .
A problem , a concern .
A nag .
It ’s an itch , and I just gotta scratch it .
It ’s this .
America , the UK and Iceland have all been bailed out by the taxpayer .
You see it and you hear it : “ Taxpayer to pump billions of squidoos into financial system ” etc .
Except it ’s a bald and blatent lie .
The USA ’s bailout was $ 700 bn .
The UK ’s bailout has been estimated at $ 400 bn .
Iceland is more tame , at about $ 5.4bn .
But Iceland ’s Prime Minister , Geir Haarde , let the cat out of the bag .
We ’ve been let down by our friends , he said , so instead we ’ve borrowed $ 5.4bn from the Russians .
No talk about taxpayers or any such nonsense .
“ We ” have borrowed money , which “ we ” are going to have to repay .
In contrast , the USA and the UK keep rabbiting on about taxpayers bailing out the economy .
They ’re talking bollocks .
The reality is that various near , middle and far Eastern countries have lent money to our country and in return your government has committed the taxpayer to pay off the debt for years , if not decades , to come .
At least the Icelandic model is more honest .
So understand this .
Speculation has laid many of the Worlds ’ greatest banks low because they did not have the liquid assets to match their commitments .
Many of these banks have been saved by the intervention of their respective governments .
What will happen next is that speculation will shift away from the banks and begin against currencies instead .
The spiral of debt will get tighter and speculation will begin against countries , as “ people ” bet for and against which country has the liquidity to honour those commitments .
One thing ’s for sure : not all will be able to service the debts they have taken on , so just as we ’ve seen banks being taken over by countries so we will see countries being taken over by superpowers .
This is my itch , the scratch I have to worry away at .
Taxpayers , whether they know it or not , have put up no money to save these banks .
Instead , they ’ve been committed to pay back the debts used to bail out these banks .
Iceland has been bought by the Russians .
Who ’s bought the USA , or the UK ?
No one knows — scary thoughts , but as our politicans keep telling us … these are scary times .
Scratch scratch scratch .
So which country do you count yourself to be the commodity of ?
Do you think this will change within the next ten years ?
Scratch scratch scratch .
[ social_buttons ]
Picture Credit : “ Closer To The Park ” by Torley from Flickr under Creative Commons Attribution Share Alike License .
Obama Supporters
Without a Cause After Obama 's election , some supporters look for new missions .
Nov. 15 , 2008  --
There were throngs of fans , an army of supporters and a sea of volunteers working , sacrificing much of their lives to help Barack Obama emerge victorious from the presidential election .
When he won , it was pure exhilaration .
But now what ?
" Honestly , the next day there was a little bit of a deflation , " Obama volunteer Zeba Khan told " Good Morning America , " " like we were down a little . "
Khan , 28 , is one of a number of Obama activists who have found themselves at a loss .
Their mission accomplished , there is no longer that cause to throw their enthusiasm behind .
" It became my life , " said Khan , who knocked on doors in Ohio and even set up a Web site to solicit support from Muslim Americans .
" It literally was . "
The Obama campaign built an unprecedented network of support , which included an e-mail list with 10 million names and cell phone numbers , had 3 million donors and 1.5 million active volunteers .
" No president in history has ever had anything close to this , " said ABC News political correspondent Rick Klein .
The challenge for Obama 's transition team now is to try and figure out how to harness the support and turn it into a tool for governing .
" He 's got the potential to go directly to the people with his message , solicit input , solicit advice and then put them out there to work on behalf of an Obama agenda , " Klein said .
Some think there is potential to convert political support into social activism , the likes of which the country has not seen since FDR's New Deal .
But the new White House will not be able to simply take over the political lists for official government activity .
" The White House has set up a firewall between the political apparatus and the policy apparatus , " Klein said .
For now , Obama is putting his weekly radio address on YouTube and has set up a Web site called Change.gov to stay connected with supporters .
Khan said she would love a job in the new administration .
But if that does n't work out , she still hopes Obama will ask for her help .
" I sincerely hope he does that , " she said .
" That 's what I am hoping to do .
That 's what I got out of his message , and that 's what I 'm trying to do . "
The derogatory descriptions of Stéphane Dion are telling .
He is " a geek . "
He is " professorial . "
He needs new glasses – better still , contact lenses .
This is teen talk .
Shallow .
When the media chatter on Dion does occasionally move up a notch , it is said that he must improve his English , communicate better in both languages , with shorter sentences , and learn a gimmick or two to sell his convoluted carbon tax .
These are the obsessions of the age of slick marketing and the TV clip .
Should n't we rather be asking if the leader of the Liberal party has integrity ?
Intelligence ?
Knowledge ?
Experience ?
Judgment ?
Courage ?
Vision ?
Does he have anything useful to say about the economy ?
The environment ?
Medicare ?
Child care ?
Poverty ?
National unity ?
Urban Canada ?
Relations with the United States ?
Our Afghan quagmire ?
Media distractions notwithstanding , Canadians would assess his personal qualities and platform positions .
They would do so , ideally , independent of the Republican - style Tory attack ads about his ostensibly weak and vacillating persona .
They would do so , ideally , untainted by what unnamed Liberals have been telling journalists ( their numbers a mystery – half a dozen ?
a dozen ? – and their possible links with the defeated leadership camps of Bob Rae and Michael Ignatieff shielded from public scrutiny ) .
Dion has many shortcomings .
He is no orator .
But nor is Stephen Harper , though the Prime Minister does read his speeches more authoritatively than he used to .
Dion 's English is heavily accented .
So is the French of many English Canadian politicians .
He lacks charisma .
So does Harper .
Sarah Palin has lots of charisma .
Dion is stubborn .
So are many political leaders .
He is not good at delegating .
Nor is Harper .
Depending on one 's point of view , the latter is either " a control freak " or " a strong leader . "
Dion writes his own speeches .
So did Bill Clinton .
The real rap against Dion is that he does not inspire people .
Harper inspires fear .
Take your pick .
Dion is disliked in Quebec .
So were Pierre Trudeau and Jean Chrétien , for about the same reason : taking on the separatists .
Trudeau routinely won a majority of seats in Quebec but did so when there was no Bloc Québécois .
Chrétien did n't , with the separatists fielding their own federal party .
Dion was widely derided in Quebec for writing and piloting the Clarity Act through Parliament in 2000 .
But he stood his ground , with dignity and an unshakable commitment to Canadian unity .
He tethered the separatists to the rule of law , Canadian law .
That was nothing short of a miracle .
Unlike Harper or Brian Mulroney , Dion never blurred the line between Quebec separatists and nationalists .
He made that clear again on Day 1 of this campaign .
" I love Canada and I entered politics to keep Canada united , " he began , before addressing fellow Quebecers : " My friends , I am as proud a Quebecer as Gilles Duceppe .
That is not the subject of our disagreement .
The subject of our disagreement is Canadian unity .
" I believe that in accepting help from other Canadians and offering our help to them , we are no less Quebecers .
We are even more so .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" If we take Canada out of our hearts , we lose a part of ourselves .
" The role that we can play , that we should play in this Canada that we have built is more important than ever before , now that environment has become a global issue . "
On climate change , Dion 's leadership has been described as courageous or politically suicidal .
But there 's no denying the urgency of his mission , especially after Harper derailed Kyoto , a policy that was a carbon copy of George W. Bush's .
Harper 's warnings that a carbon tax would be " insane " and " crazy , " and would " screw Canadians , " and " destroy " and " wreck " the economy constitutes fear - mongering .
A similar tax has not ruined the Scandinavian economies .
Dion 's commitment dates back to his days as environment minister .
Chairing the 2005 UN climate - change conference in Montreal , he was " nothing short of magnificent , " says Elizabeth May , who was there .
" The fact that we emerged with the very - best - case results after 36 hours of non -stop negotiation , at 6:30 a.m. the day after the conference was supposed to have ended , was 90 per cent due to the fact that Stéphane Dion did a really good job .
" He did n't buckle to the Bush administration walking out of negotiations in the middle of the night .
He managed to hold things together .
...
" I would not hesitate to put him in charge of anything difficult and I would n't worry that he would cave , " May told the Star 's editorial board recently .
On the economy , Dion 's 30 - day plan of action may not be adequate .
But there are no easy fixes and Ottawa 's options are limited , given that Harper and Finance Minister Jim Flaherty have squandered the budget surplus .
But Dion 's plan is more than what Harper is offering : himself as the Great Helmsman .
The Canadian economy is indeed better than America's , as Harper says , but it 's not America - proof .
Dion is a sincere and honest politician , untainted by scandal .
He is a polite and decent man .
He is not mean or vindictive .
He does not treat his political opponents as enemies .
He does not question the patriotism of the critics of his Afghan policy , let alone call them agents of the Taliban .
He is not proposing to send 14 - year - olds to jail for life .
Vote against him because you do not like his policies , not because he is socially awkward or that he reads books .
Vote for Harper because you like his policies , not because he got himself photographed in a sweater in front of a fireplace .
Read more about :
Video : Elixir of youth ?
A sip a day of heavy water could reduce damage to ageing tissue that is caused by oxygen free radicals ( Image : John Sann / Stone / Getty )
In a back room of New Scientist ‘s offices in London , I sit down at a table with the Russian biochemist Mikhail Shchepinov .
In front of us are two teaspoons and a brown glass bottle .
Shchepinov opens the bottle , pours out a teaspoon of clear liquid and drinks it down .
He smiles .
It ’s my turn .
I put a spoonful of the liquid in my mouth and swallow .
It tastes slightly sweet , which is a surprise .
I was expecting it to be exactly like water since that , in fact , is what it is – heavy water to be precise , chemical formula D 2 O .
The D stands for deuterium , an isotope of hydrogen with an atomic mass of 2 instead of 1 .
Deuterium is what puts the heavy in heavy water .
An ice cube made out of it would sink in normal water .
My sip of heavy water is the culmination of a long journey trying to get to the bottom of a remarkable claim that Shchepinov first made around 18 months ago .
He believes he has discovered an elixir of youth , a way to drink ( or more likely eat ) your way to a longer life .
You may think that makes Shchepinov sound like a snake - oil salesman .
I thought so too , but the more I found out about his idea , the more it began to make sense .
The story began two years ago , while Shchepinov was working at a biotechology company in Oxford , UK , and …
Gandhi - Inspired Spinning Wheel Generates Electricity
September 22nd , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Mahatma Gandhi believed that the spinning wheel , or charkha , was a sign of self - reliance and independence .
Now that belief is being taken to a new level with the e-charkha , a hand - driven spinning wheel that generates electricity .
The e-charkha , which was designed by Gandhi follower Ekambar Nath , can generate enough electricity in its attached battery for 6 - 7 hours of power in rural homes .
Two hours of operation can light up the e-charkha ’s specially designed LED light for eight hours — so the spinning wheel provides enough light for its continued use as an instrument of clothing production .
Even though the e-charkha is only 9,000 rupees ( $ 197 ) , the Indian government is giving the spinning wheels away for free in the farming village of Jatwara .
The spinning wheel reminds me of the electricity - generating exercise machines in Portland ’s Green Microgym .
There are so many opportunities to harness the electricity we already generate in our daily lives —
I ’m glad to see people are taking advantage of it all over the world .
Posts Related to Alternative Energy Sources :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
The OSP Collection provides curriculum resources that engage students in physics , computation , and computer modeling .
Computational physics and computer modeling provide students with new ways to understand , describe , explain , and predict physical phenomena .
Browse the OSP simulations or learn more about our tools and curriculum pieces below .
Tracker
The Tracker tool extends traditional video analysis by enabling users to create particle models based on Newton 's laws .
Because models synchronize with and draw themselves right on videos of real - world objects , students can test models experimentally by direct visual inspection .
Learn more about Tracker
Curriculum Packages
OSP curriculum packages combine computer simulations with tutorial materials and student worksheets .
Packages can be modified to meet the needs of faculty and students
Browse curriculum resources by topic and learn how to customize packages
Featured Curriculum Package
HTML5 Simulations for Introductory Physics
Andrew Duffy's web collection at Boston University contains a wide range of HTML 5 , Physlet , and EJS simulations developed for introductory physics classes .
The materials include topics ranging from vectors and kinematics to optics and modern physics and can run on any platform , including mobile devices .
More ...
BRANSON , Mo .
I never imagined that a Republican mayor from Bible - belt Missouri would revive my faith in American democracy , but Raeanne Presley did just that .
As a high - energy brunette running a small town , she ’s been ribbed since Sarah Palin became her party ’s nominee for vice president .
“ Guess you ’ll be moving on to governor soon , ” she gets told .
“ And up from there . ”
But Presley ’s not interested .
She ’s Midwestern practical to Palin ’s rabble - rousing frontierswoman .
Common sense interests her more than aw - shucks nonsense .
She prefers balanced budgets to unbalanced attacks .
Presley  no relation to Elvis  runs the capital of the American heartland .
Branson , population 7,500 , is to country - western , country - first , evangelical culture what Haight - Ashbury once was to the hippie movement : its mother lode .
So , the shape is spinning left to right , right ?
What happens if you try looking up at it ?
Can you get it to spin the other way ?
Try squinting or blinking a few times …
The truth is , seeing depends on how we look .
Now , imagine owning the science - based human truths behind the way in which you , your business , or your brand is perceived …
Today ’s NY Times has an extensive article , written by Reporter / Doctor Lawrence Altman , on the health histories of the presidential tickets .
Well , it ’s not that extensive .
Dr. Altman still has questions .
And , here ’s the entire section on Sarah Palin :
Nothing is known publicly about Ms. Palin ’s medical history , aside from the much - discussed circumstances surrounding the birth of her fifth child last April .
Ms. Palin has said that her water broke while she was at a conference in Dallas and that she flew to Anchorage , where she gave birth to her son Trig hours after landing .
Last week Maria Comella , a spokeswoman for Ms. Palin , said the governor declined to be interviewed or provide any health records .
Odd .
We keep hearing she ’s a great athlete , in fact , a sub - 4 hour marathon runner .
So , what ’s the deal with not releasing her records ?
Law enforcement agencies at the federal , state , and local level are spending hundreds of millions of dollars a year on surveillance technology in order to track , locate , watch , and listen to people in the United States , often targeting dissidents , immigrants , and people of color .
EFF has written tirelessly about the harm surveillance causes communities and its effect is well documented .
What is less talked about , but no less disturbing , are the myriad ways agencies fund the hoarding of these technologies ...
Listen to Quinn in the Morning live on Mondays to Fridays from 6 am to 9am .
Archives and Podcasts .
Become a member to get it all !
Listen Now
Become a Member
Member Login
WORTH DYING FOR
The Declaration of Independence
When in the Course of human Events , it becomes necessary for one People to dissolve the Political Bands which have connected them with another , and to assume among the Powers of the Earth , the separate and equal Station to which the Laws of Nature and of Nature ’s God entitle them , a decent Respect to the Opinions of Mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the Separation .
Read More
Constitution of the United States
We the People of the United States , in Order to form a more perfect Union , establish Justice , insure domestic Tranquility , provide for the common defence , promote the general Welfare , and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity , do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America
Read More
The Bill of Rights
The conventions of a number of the States having at the time of their adopting the Constitution , expressed a desire , in order to prevent misconstruction or abuse of its powers , that further declaratory and restrictive clauses should be added :
And as extending the ground of public confidence in the Government , will best insure the beneficent ends of its institution
Welcome to the Halloween Spectacular installment of Pot Psychology , the " advice " column in which we attempt to solve everyone 's problems with an herbal remedy .
( Remember , kids : Do n't do drugs ! )
In this episode , Rich helps me answer questions about pimples on penises , loud sex , and what Rich looks like with hair .
Got a burning question ?
Send it to potpsych@jezebel.com .
( Please keep them short ; they 're verrrry hard to read when stoned . )
Advertisement
Is Marriage For Suckers ? from Pot Psychology on Vimeo .
Without a way to measure religious beliefs , anthropologists have had difficulty studying religion .
Now , two anthropologists from the University of Missouri and Arizona State University have developed a new approach to study religion by focusing on verbal communication , an identifiable behavior , instead of speculating about alleged beliefs in the supernatural that cannot actually be identified .
" Instead of studying religion by trying to measure unidentifiable beliefs in the supernatural , we looked at identifiable and observable behavior - the behavior of people communicating acceptance of supernatural claims , " said Craig T. Palmer , associate professor of anthropology in the MU College of Arts and Science .
" We noticed that communicating acceptance of a supernatural claim tends to promote cooperative social relationships .
This communication demonstrates a willingness to accept , without skepticism , the influence of the speaker in a way similar to a child 's acceptance of the influence of a parent . "
Palmer and Lyle B. Steadman , emeritus professor of human evolution and social change at Arizona State University , explored the supernatural claims in different forms of religion , including ancestor worship ; totemism , the claim of kinship between people and a species or other object that serves as the emblem of a common ancestor ; and shamanism , the claim that traditional religious leaders in kinship - based societies could communicate with their dead ancestors .
They found that the clearest identifiable effect of religious behavior is the promotion of cooperative family - like social relationships , which include parent / child - like relationships between the individuals making and accepting the supernatural claims and sibling - like relationships among co-acceptors of those claims .
" Almost every religion in the world , including all tribal religions , use family kinship terms such as father , mother , brother , sister and child for fellow members , " Steadman said .
" They do this to encourage the kind of behavior found normally in families - where the most intense social relationships occur .
Once people realize that observing the behavior of people communicating acceptance of supernatural claims is how we actually identify religious behavior and religion , we can then propose explanations and hypotheses to account for why people have engaged in religious behavior in all known cultures . "
Palmer and Steadman published their research in The Supernatural and Natural Selection : The Evolution of Religion .
The book was published by Paradigm Publishers .
In the ever - evolving world of social media , public relations professionals ( PR ) and journalists have more opportunities than ever to build strong relationships .
It serves each of us well to stay up on social media trends — learning faster , easier ways to share information .
With that , here are 10 of the best social media tools for PR professionals and journalists :
Help a Report Out ( HARO )
Help a Reporter Out ( HARO ) -
As a PR professional , this is by far my favorite tool .
The brainchild of Peter Shankman , this is the only free resource I am aware of where reporters submit queries directly to PR professionals – no strings attached .
Subscribers to the list serve receive up to three daily emails , each with anywhere from 15 - 30 queries per email .
What I like best ?
It is a win -win tool for both journalists and PR professionals .
PitchEngine
PitchEngine -
The emergence of the social media release ( SMR ) will soon dominate in interactions between journalists and PR people .
Those who do not take the initiative to learn about the “ new press release ” will get left behind .
My favorite tool to date is PitchEngine .
Still in beta stage , PitchEngine offers a full suite of Web 2.0 tools for PR professionals and journalists ( i.e. links to your social network profiles , video and audio capabilities , etc… ) .
Readers may opt to receive a release on any social networks they belong to .
What I like the best ?
If a reporter or blogger likes what I pitch , they can subscribe to my releases via RSS .
ReportingOn
ReportingOn - Still in its beta stage , this social network is designed for reporters to discuss their beat or stories .
An asynchronistic communication style similar to Twitter , the question this time is , “ What are you reporting on ? ” There are around 600 reporters and professionals from around the world subscribed to the network .
Only time will tell if this is a viable tool , and for the time being I 'm a member .
What I like the best ?
Journalists have the ability to tag their beat (s ) making it easy for PR professionals to find reporters and offer sources .
Journalisted
Journalisted ( UK ) - Developed by Martin Moore of Media Standards
Trust , this site is meant for consumers to search their favorite reporters and stay up to date on their work .
It currently boasts more than 100,000 unique users .
The downfall ?
It currently features only reporters in the UK .
Moore says he plans to broaden the reach and is currently targeting the US .
What I like the best ?
PR professionals can check the site before pitching a reporter in the UK to read their recent work .
Wikis
Wikis -
I ’m opening up a broad category here — wiki pages .
PR professionals can create a shared space in which to provide information to reporters .
From interview source contact information to comprehensive product / company background , a wiki site can become a living media kit .
Free wiki sites , like PBwiki , offer security features to protect updates and email notification options .
What I like the best ?
Wiki page(s ) are created with user generated content and can be edited in real - time to best meet the needs of reporters .
Media People Using Twitter
Media people using Twitter - I have yet to find a truly comprehensive list of all reporters on the microblogging site Twitter .
However , this is the closest I ’ve come .
A wiki site dedicated to journalists on Twitter .
What I like the best ?
The wiki page is organized by geographic location , offering an easy - to - use guide .
Twellow
Twellow -
Seek one another out and connect .
It ’s a beautiful thing when PR professionals and journalists form a relationship before either one needs anything from the other .
Type in a key word such as “ journalist ” or “ public relations ” ( big surprise ) and start following .
What I like the best ?
The search content is based on a person ’s Twitter bio , making the results surprisingly accurate .
BeatBlogging.org
BeatBlogging.org -
A resource for beat bloggers , PR professionals can use this as a source to build a strong pitch distribution list .
I ’ve heard from many reporter friends that more and more they are looking to blogs for trends and upcoming story ideas .
What I like the best ?
Participants can nominate reporters as “ innovative ” leaders where they may be featured on the frequently updated Leaderboard .
WiredJournalists.com
WiredJournalists.com - Created for reporters , editors , executives , students and faculty , this tool is for journalists with access to limited resources .
The members of the network keep up with Web 2.0 trends and share resources with one another .
What I like the best ?
Even if you do n’t visit the site frequently , it ’s a nice resource to keep your finger on the pulse of new journalism trends .
Your Pitch Sucks
Your Pitch Sucks ( YPS ) -
The jury is still out on YPS , but nonetheless I mention it .
Submit your draft pitch to public relations experts for a serious review .
They will let you know whether or not your pitch is up to par ( and if it ’s not they offer suggestions ) .
What I like the best ?
If you are a freelancer and need another set of eyes to review your work , this saves a few headaches .
Sarah is the director of communications at Elgin Community College ( ECC ) in Elgin , Illinois .
She also worked for Advocate Health Care , the largest health care system in Illinois , as the manager of communications and government relations at Advocate Good Samaritan Hospital .
She brings a comprehensive background in the knowledge of non -for - profit and health care management .
Her personal mission to engage and employ the use of emerging technologies in all communication makes her effective in reaching a dynamic audience .
Imagery provided by iStockPhoto / ferrantraite
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- U.S. police departments are streamlining patrols , reducing training and cutting back on some preventative programs as their budgets fall victim to the struggling economy .
A Naperville , Illinois , police officer cites a motorist at a traffic stop .
Many police chiefs are warning deeper cuts may be coming .
Naperville , Illinois , a middle - class city of about 145,000 people , has a force of 189 officers and 114 civilians .
Because of a reduction in real - estate and property tax collections that pay for public safety services , Chief David Dial is cutting nine vacant positions , including three officers , and $ 60,000 out of his training budget .
" We 've gone through the non-personnel related expenses in our budget , and we 've cut everything that we possibly can in there , " Dial said .
" Some of our training monies have been drastically reduced , and there is virtually nowhere else to cut ... except in the personnel area . "
The community , which has repeatedly ranked as one of the best places to live in the country , will see the effects , Dial said .
" I think it 's going to mean less police visibility ultimately in the community , and we 're going to need a lot of community cooperation to keep the crime rate as low as it's been , " he said .
Naperville is not unique .
A poll of 200 departments during the summer by the Police Executive Research Forum , which studies law enforcement trends , reported 39 percent of respondents said their operating budgets were cut because of the economy and 43 percent said the faltering economy had affected their ability to deliver services .
Watch how police face budget cuts »
Among the actions taken by other departments contacted by CNN :
• The Virginia State Police delayed starting a new class of 63 cadets until next April and is leaving open 27 civilian positions .
• Plano , Texas , is leaving 13 vacant positions unfilled .
• Montgomery County , Maryland , is leaving open 11 officer jobs and cutting overtime .
• Lincoln , Nebraska , is cutting back on services .
For example , it will not respond to some medical emergencies and non-injury motorcycle accidents .
Personnel costs represent the bulk of most departments ' budgets .
Many jurisdictions , such as Phoenix , Arizona , and Fairfax County , Virginia , have been particularly hit by the foreclosure crisis and the precipitous fall in real estate taxes .
Phoenix 's Chief Jack Harris says he has cut his budget by 3 percent by delaying purchases and some new programs .
Several of the agencies contacted by CNN said they have not had layoffs , but they have been asked to prepare for the possibility next year -- especially if the economy worsens .
" We have been asked to look at what we would do if we were asked to cut up to 15 percent .
And if we do that that will get into sworn personnel , " Phoenix 's Harris says , referring to officer positions .
He said he fears that could mean up to 250 jobs .
The chiefs CNN contacted said they did n't think the cuts have affected public safety , but they predicted that further cuts will .
Some agencies may not respond to minor calls , take longer to answer requests for assistance or cut the number of patrols .
David Rohrer , police chief in Fairfax County , has cut anti-gang operations , education initiatives and DUI enforcement -- and has been told to prepare for the possibility of layoffs of about 280 officers .
" I can not cut officers who serve patrol areas , that answer direct calls for service , that work the streets ....
I can't cut detectives who investigate homicides , rapes and robberies , " he said .
What is left , Rohrer said , " are all those great programs and the collaborative programs we have done for many years ... education , crime prevention , traffic - safety training ...
" All the things we have done in the last 20 years are at risk , " he said .
Although the number of major crimes such as murder , burglary and theft have decreased in Naperville in the past year , minor but serious violations such as misdemeanor battery , narcotics and fraud have spiked by about 1,000 cases .
That survey of police agencies says 74 percent of respondents noticed increases in at least one category of property crime this year over the previous one , including burglaries and thefts .
Law enforcement authorities do n't know if the economy is directly to blame , but suspect it is .
Community group leaders said they are worried about short - and long - term effects .
" I get concerned about the quality of life in the community , " Ronald Hume , executive director of NCO Youth and Family Services in Naperville , said .
" We 're hearing forecasts that it could take into 2010 before the economy starts turning around .
...
It does worry me that we 're going to have an increase in crime .
" When people are hungry , they need to feed their families somehow , " Hume said .
" Not all those ways are always legal . "
Naperville 's Chief Dial says the nation is facing a crisis and fears crime will increase .
" I have been in this business for a long time , and I have experienced cutbacks in the past .
Those , however , were done through attrition .
I have never experienced the cuts that we are anticipating next year when we anticipate the very real probability of layoffs occurring in our community , " he said .
All About Murder and Homicide
- video encodings still in process -
Cruel but totally hilarious & is one way to ensure a cat learns its lesson , sometimes you 've just got to teach them the hard way , but that 's the last time that this feral cat leaves grubby paw prints on this guy 's car - Wet pussy anyone ?
今回は、前回の日記の補足。
前回の統計学の面白さはどこにあるか - hiroyukikojimaの日記で松原望先生の本
を紹介した。そのときは、この本を手にしていなかったので、早速注文した。そして今、手に入って、ぱらぱらと眺めてみた。そう、予想通り、これはに大幅加筆をしたものだった。というわけで、紹介してしまった手前、責任をもってもうちょっとフォローしなければ、と思ってこれを書いている。この本は確かに名著である。その理由をいくつか挙げてみよう。まず挙げるべきは、という点である。前回も書いたが、
ベイズ 推定( ないし ベイズ 統計、ないし ベイズ 逆確率、ないし ベイズ 理論）というのは、非常 に
「幻想的」というしかないような「思想」を持っているのである。その最たるものは、この推定による確率は、
客観確率 ではなく、(個人の内面に存在する）だ、という点だ。(これを理由に、いったんは、フィッシャー・ネイマン統計に主流の座を奪われたのである）
。だから、このような方法論をウハウハ嬉々として受け入れられるか、アレルギーを発症するか、はその人の考え方や勉強の履歴によると思う。多くの ベイズ 理論の本では、この点を避けたり曖昧にしてごまかしているような印象を受けるが、真正面からその幻想的ともいえる「思想的背景」を説得しようという努力をしているのが、この本の真骨頂なのである。実際、41ページの研究ノートには、
とまで大胆なことが書いてある。ぼく自身は、というと、正直最初は戸惑った。松原先生の講義を受けながら、心の中では、この理論の論理欠陥を探しだそうと躍起になっていた。今、思えば、講義中にずいぶん不躾な質問も発していたと思う。松原先生は、どんなぼくの失礼な、というか、無知蒙昧な質問にも、一つ一つ丁寧に答えてくださった。そうしたやりとりの中、ぼくの内面では、「ベイズ推定は幻想的・文学的である」という批判めいた結論と、「ベイズ推定には推定理論としての大きな可能性が潜んでいる」というわくわくするような高揚感とが、共存するようになったのだ。次に挙げるべきこの本の利点は、
ベイズ推定の応用範囲の広さを余すところなく書いている
という点だ。ベイズ推定は、くどくど繰り返しているが、幻想的ともいえる深い思想・哲学に裏打ちされているにもかかわらず、広く実用的なのである。いや、そういう実用性があるからこそ、そのような思想・哲学臭に目をつぶっている人が多い、といってもいいだろう。実際、本書には、最近どのネットユーザーも利用しているに違いないスパムメール・フィルターにはじまって、安全性の判定、ファクシミリなどの画像技術、医療におけるベイズ診断、図書の検索・分類技術、ベイジアン・ネットワーク、カルマンフィルターなどさまざまな応用例が網羅されていて驚かされる。とりわけ、ベイズ推定をネットビジネスに活かして一発当てよう、と企むなら、本書はアイデアの宝庫であり、そういう意味で必携だろう。もう一つ利点を挙げるとするなら、
ベイズ推定の数学的操作性について、親切な説明がなされている
という点だろう。例えば、ベイズ推定には、「逐次合理性」というめちゃくちゃすごい性質が備わっている。それは、以下のようなことである。
ベイズ推定というのは、外から入ってくる情報によって、判断を更新して行くものである。例えば、「職場の同僚のＡ子さんが、実は自分に惚れている確率」というものを考えよう。これをベイズ推定するなら、次のような感じでやることになる。まず、何も情報がない時点での勝手な思いこみを作っておく。これを事前確率という。例えば、事前確率として0.5を設定しておこう。次に、情報として、「Ａ子さんは、かなりな頻度で、自分に視線を合わせる」というのが入ったとする。このとき、これを自分にとって好都合な情報として、確率は0.5から例えば0.7にアップデート(更新）される。(計算の方法は省略する。興味ある人は、拙著『確率的発想法』ＮＨＫブックスなどでどうぞ)。次に、「
Ａ子さんからバレンタインデーにチョコをもらった」、という情報が入手される。これで今、0.7の確率は0.8の確率にアップデートされる。もちろん、義理チョコである可能性も否めないので、確率1.0に更新したりはしないわけだ。
ここで 「逐次合理性」というのは、事前確率0.5の段階で、2つの情報「Ａ子さんは、かなりな頻度で、自分に視線を合わせる」「Ａ子さんからバレンタインデーにチョコをもらった」がいっしょに入手されて確率を更新しても、今のように順々に情報が入って、その都度逐次的に更新しても、結果として0.8に更新される結末はいっしょになる、という性質のことである。(もうちょっと詳しい説明も、やはり拙著『確率的発想法』ＮＨＫブックスにて)。この性質は、推定としてはとても使い勝手がいい。何かをナビゲートしているとき、環境というのは随時変化する。その情報というのは、一個ずつ追加的に入ってくるものだ。だから、情報が入ってくるたびに、今まで得られた情報全部をすべて総合的に洗い直して判断をするのでは、時間も手間がかかりすぎて、状況変化に適切に対応できないだろう。しかし、ベイズ推定を使って状況判断をしているならば、新しく入手された情報だけを利用してアップデートすればいいのである。これまでの情報は、今の推定値にすべて反映されてしまっているから、忘れて(捨てて）しまっていいのだ。これはとても便利だし、人間に向いた性質だといえる。
この本に書かれているベイズ推定の数学的操作性についてもう一つだけあげるなら、それは、「ベイズ推定の一部分は、ランダムウォークの理論に帰着させることができる」ということだ。ここで詳しく論じることはできないけど、ロジスティック変換というのを利用すると、ベイズ推定の方法論というのは、ランダムウォーク(酔歩)の数列と見なすことができるのである。さきほどの例でいうなら、「職場の同僚のＡ子さんが、実は自分に惚れているかどうか」という判断に対して、「Ａ子さんは、かなりな頻度で、自分に視線を合わせる」や「Ａ子さんからバレンタインデーにチョコをもらった」などの情報が入るたびに、「正真正銘惚れられている(確率1.0 ) 」 と「 全くの想定 外(確率0.0 ) 」の間で、自分の判断が揺れる様子、つまり前者と後者の間を自分の気持ちが右往左往(ランダムウォーク)する様子を描写している、と見なすことができる、ということである。
さて、上記のような本書の効能をめちゃめちゃ述べまくった上で、やはりブログ読者への良心から、欠点についても書き留めておかねばならないだろう。
確かにこの本は名著なのだが、二つの点で覚悟が必要である。第一は、もともと放送大学の教科書なので、「講義があることが前提となって書かれている」という点だ。数学が苦手だから中学や高校の教科書を買ってきて勉強し直している、という人をよく見かけるが、この戦略はうまくないことが多い。教科書だから親切な説明がなされている、というのは誤解である。なぜなら、教科書というのは、講義で補完されることを前提として書かかれている。だから、潜在的に、ないし、確信犯的に、説明の行き届かないところや無味乾燥なところがあるのだ。練習問題に解答がない場合も多い。(載せちゃうと学生に宿題に出せないからね)。このように教科書というのは一般に独習に向かないが、そういう意味で、本書も教科書としての欠点を持っている。ぼく自身は、講義を聴きながら読んだので大丈夫だったが、もしも独習したら、ここまで絶讃できたかどうかはわからない。第二は、数学的には大学教養程度の数学は前提となっている、という点である。少なくとも、大学の積分の知識、具体的にはベータ分布、正規分布などの積分表現とその計算くらいはできないと読むのは苦しいだろう。このような難点を挙げると尻込みしてしまう人も出るかもしれないが、それでもこの本はベイズに興味惹かれる人は手にしてみたほうがいいと思う。わからないところは、飛ばすなり、他の入門系の本(例えば、ぼくの本。しつこいってか？）を傍らにおいて参考にするなりして、ハンドブック的に使っても十分な価値のある内容だからである。そして、最も強調したいことは、
ネットビジネスでＩＴ長者を目指すなら、ベイズ理論は最も安価なツールになる！
ということである。なぜなら、ベイズ推定をネットに利用することは、「自分のクローン」のような人工知能をネット上に潜ませることと同じなのである。このことは、ベイズ推定が事前確率という形で恣意性を持っており、したがって「主観的」確率であるという「弱点」を、むしろ逆手にとって「利点」に換えているものだといえよう。だからこそ、ビル・ゲイツは、2001年の基調講演で、「21世紀のマイクロソフト社の戦略は、ベイズである」と高らかに宣言し、世界中からベイズ理論の専門家をヘッドハントしたのだ。このゲイツの話を耳にしたとき、ぼくは、21世紀はいずれベイズの時代と呼ばれるようになる、と確信したけど、既に早々になっちゃった感があるね。(って、ぼくだけか？？）
ベイズ推定のもうちょっと詳しい解説は、いずれこのブログにも書くつもり。お待ちあれ。
These are some rare pictures of the India - Pakistan war of 1965 .
The photographs were taken by Indian photo - journalist Kulwant Roy who covered the war extensively .
( Photos : Aditya Arya archive )
These photos were taken from the Indian side of what became known as the second Kashmir war .
The two countries had earlier fought in 1947 .
The two neighbours went to war after Pakistan launched a covert offensive across the ceasefire line into Indian - administered Kashmir .
Thousands of Indian and Pakistani troops were engaged in battle and they fought on many fronts along their border .
India deployed a large number of soldiers to fight in the mountains of Kashmir .
Several villages on the Indian side were evacuated during the war and people were moved along with their cattle to safer areas .
Both sides used field guns to fire at the enemy in the Haji Pir Pass area along the disputed border .
After three weeks of fighting , India and Pakistan agreed to a UN - sponsored ceasefire in September 1965 .
The several weeks of fighting cost thousands of lives on both sides .
In the end India , India managed to capture the Haji Pir Pass from Pakistan .
Two Kashmiris embrace .
In January 1966 , India and Pakistan signed a declaration affirming their commitment to solve their disputes through peaceful means .
Back 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Next
E-mail this to a friend Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
( CNN ) -- Now that Sens. Barack Obama and John McCain have their first presidential debate out of the way , the focus turns to their running mates .
Gov. Sarah Palin and Sen. John McCain will campaign together before the VP debate .
Sen. Joe Biden and Gov. Sarah Palin will face off Thursday at Washington University in St. Louis , Missouri .
There 's a lot of anticipation surrounding the VP debate because Palin has remained largely on script in her first month on the campaign trail .
Although Biden has a reputation for impetuous and brutally honest remarks , he 's also a long - time senator with decades of experience in the public eye .
As chairman of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations , the 65 - year - old Delaware senator is well versed on foreign policy .
Biden has done nearly 100 interviews since being picked as Obama 's VP on August 23 .
Palin , on the other hand , did her third interview with a national television network last week .
On Wednesday , she held her first media availability with her traveling reporters .
The Republican VP candidate has received less than stellar reviews in the few interviews that she has done .
Palin's interview Wednesday with CBS ' Katie Couric drew criticism when the Alaska governor was unable to provide an example of when McCain had pushed for more regulation of Wall Street during his Senate career .
Palin was also criticized last week for appearing not to know what the Bush Doctrine was during an interview with Charlie Gibson .
Ed Rollins , a CNN contributor and Republican strategist , said Palin has lost her confidence in recent weeks .
" This was a very confident woman , the first presentation she made -- she walked in the biggest crowd she ever had , " Rollins said , referring to her debut as McCain 's VP .
" The second was the convention .
She had great confidence .
She 's lost her confidence . "
Watch an analysis of the first presidential debate »
Paul Begala , a Democratic strategist and CNN contributor , said the " public opinion is turning " on Palin , and that could affect her at the upcoming debate .
Palin was criticized heavily for comments she made about Russia in her ABC interview and her claim that her state 's proximity to the country bolstered her foreign policy credentials .
Asked by Couric to clarify what she meant , Palin said , " That Alaska has a very narrow maritime border between a foreign country , Russia , and , on our other side , the land - boundary that we have with Canada . "
Begala saw that as a flop both for her and the McCain campaign .
" Candidate confidence is one of the most important things , set aside my own ideology concerns for her .
They undermined that confidence , " he said .
" You know , to use a sports analogy , it 's like if a pitcher throws a bad game , or -- you know , you put him right back in .
Right ?
You have to show the candidate that you have faith in him or her , in this case .
" And she should have had a good answer , though , and she did n't .
And that suggests that they 're not building her confidence or briefing her the way they are , " he said .
But Palin has shown that she can play the role of attack dog , as she did in her acceptance speech at the Republican National Convention this month .
In that speech , she tore into Obama as two - faced , inexperienced and intoxicated by the sound of his own voice .
Biden praised her speech as " incredibly well crafted and delivered " but said Palin 's rhetoric lacked substance .
In what could play to Palin 's benefit , campaigns try to downplay expectations for their candidates while raising expectations for their opponent , as they did before Friday 's presidential debate .
Palin was to spend Saturday and Sunday preparing for the debate in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
She 'll campaign with McCain in Columbus , Ohio on Monday , and will spend the rest of the week practicing for the debate in St. Louis .
Biden was campaigning with Obama in North Carolina on Saturday .
The vice presidential debate has a slightly different setup from the presidential debates .
One of the presidential debates is set up like a town hall meeting , but in the other two , there are approximately eight 10 - minute segments .
The moderator introduces each segment with an issue and gives each candidate two minutes to respond .
Then there is a five - minute discussion period , when direct exchanges between the candidates will occur .
The vice presidential debate will resemble the traditional presidential event .
However , the New York Times reported last Sunday that the McCain campaign sought to limit the time for freewheeling discussion in the vice presidential debate .
Advisers to Palin were reportedly worried that format could put the Alaska governor -- a relatively inexperienced debater -- on the defensive most of the evening .
The agreed - upon format for that debate now includes an abbreviated two - minute discussion period during which the candidates can engage each other .
All About Joseph Biden • Sarah Palin
ECGs measure electrical activity in the heart Heart tests offered to many patients with chest pain are of little value in predicting future heart disease , say researchers .
Instead of electrocardiagram ( ECG ) tests , doctors should spend more time quizzing patients about their symptoms and examining them , they said .
The British Medical Journal study , by the London Chest Hospital , followed 8,176 suspected angina patients .
A heart charity stressed that the test was useful in other circumstances .
Better risk assessment of patients with angina is needed to help identify those most at risk of heart attack or death
Dr Mike Knapton
British Heart Foundation Approximately two in 100 people in the UK experience angina , which is the most common symptoms of heart disease .
Reporting chest pain to a doctor generally means referral to a rapid access clinic , where ECGs taken to predict whether a patient needs further attention .
An ECG monitors the electrical activity of the heart over a period of time , looking for evidence of weakness in the heart muscle , or abnormal rhythms .
Often the patient will be asked to undergo the test while exercising , which can help highlight these problems .
The study compared the progress of the patients , 60 % of whom who had an exercise ECG performed .
Among the 60 % , 1,422 not only had the basic " summary " results recorded , but had detailed data from the ECG used to help make a diagnosis .
All the patients were then followed up for the next few years .
History call
However , almost half of all coronary " events " , such as heart attacks , that happened during this period , happened in patients whose ECG results had not shown any sign of problems .
A routine clinical assessment , which involved taking a detailed " history " from the patient , and examining them thoroughly , was almost as good in predicting future heart disease as the exercise ECG .
The researchers concluded that the tests were " of limited value " to doctors faced by patients with no prior heart disease .
Dr Mike Knapton , from the British Heart Foundation said that while early diagnosis of angina was important , the study showed that the best way to achieve that was to talk to the patient .
" Tests such as resting or exercise ECGs can be helpful when patients present with unusual symptoms or suffer from chest pain following a heart bypass .
" But exercise ECG is not very good at assessing future risk .
Better risk assessment of patients with angina is needed to help identify those most at risk of heart attack or death .
" Any results for ECGs should be in addition to consultation with your Doctor to properly monitor your condition . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ED #106 : Windows Vista Service Pack 2's Latest Release Schedule
We have news of the upcoming Service Pack 2 for Windows Vista !
Microsoft is doing their best to rush out Service Pack 2 for Windows Vista so there will be additional incentive for folks to upgrade to Window Vista now , instead of waiting for Windows 7 .
Incidentally , this service pack also applies to Windows Server 2008 .
It upgrades Windows Server 2008 to Release 2 .
You can get more information on Windows Server 2008 R2 in the links below :
Update @ Nov. 11 , 2008 : We have details of what 's really part of the new Service Pack 2 and how it will be released .
Take a look
Update @ Jan. 22 , 2009 : It looks like Microsoft has delayed the release of their release candidate and RTM builds by a month .
Replacing the original release candidate build is something they call a " release candidate escrow build " .
Update @ Jan. 27 , 2009 : HOT NEWS !
Microsoft just brought forward their release schedule !
The Windows Vista SP2 release candidate escrow build will be released this week , instead of sometime in February .
This will be followed by the final release candidate ( RC ) build in the week of February 16 , 2009 .
The final RTM build has now been pegged at early to mid Q2 , 2009 .
That means a launch in either April or early May , barring any further delays .
Update @ Feb. 28 , 2009 : Microsoft released the escrow build in the middle of February , and should be providing their OEM partners with their Release Candidate ( RC ) Build by today .
The next update on SP2 is expected in March 2009 .
Update @ Apr. 26 , 2009 : We revamped the editorial , and updated the release schedule .
Update @ May 1 , 2009 : We updated the editorial and the release schedule with the RTM and RTW dates and details .
Update @ May 24 , 2009 : We updated the editorial and the release schedule with the confirmed RTM and RTW dates and details .
Update @ May 27 , 2009 : You can now download Service Pack 2 for Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008 here !
At our last check , it is still not available via Windows Update on our end ( although noel_pg3 reports it 's up on Windows Update ) .
This is expected as Microsoft will only release Service Pack 2 via Windows Update on a tiered basis to avoid overloading their servers .
Update @ June 28 , 2009 : We updated the Release Schedule with the postponed RTW date of the Wave 1 release of Service Pack 2 .
Thanks , noel_pg3 and Robert !
Do n't forget to take a look at our inside scoop on Service Pack 2 for Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008 !
Updated !
Latest Release Schedule
Microsoft has finalized Service Pack 2 for Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008 .
The final build has a version string of 6.0.6002.18.005 , and has been released to manufacturing ( RTM ) .
Microsoft released the All Language editions ( Wave 1 ) to the web on June 30 , 2009 .
So if you have been waiting for this edition , go download it now - x86 edition , x64 edition .
Thanks , Robert and noel_pg3 again !
Service Pack 2 Version Windows Vista SP2 Windows Server 2008 SP2
Release Candidate Escrow Build * Jan. 26-30 , 2009 Release Candidate Build Feb 16 - 20 , 2009 Release To Manufacturing ( Wave 0 ) April 29 , 2009 Release To Web ( Wave 0 ) May 26 , 2009 Release To Manufacturing ( Wave 1 ) May 21 , 2009 Release To Web ( Wave 1 ) June 30 , 2009 OEM Distribution Date 60 days after
Windows 7 GA Immediately
after SP2 RTM
* An escrow build means that " code development has ceased as developers and beta testers hunt for recall - class bugs .
The escrow code is considered the release - to - manufacturing code " .
Thanks for the tip , basic !
As Microsoft has done in previous Service Pack releases ( Windows Vista SP1 , Windows XP SP3 ) , they will be releasing Windows Vista Service Pack 2 in language waves .
For more details of what 's really part of the new Service Pack 2 and how it will be released , take a look at this article .
If you did not read our our inside scoop of Service Pack 2 yet , do note that Microsoft will delay the OEM distribution rights of SP2 until 60 days after the General Availability of Windows 7 .
This is due to the imminent launch of Windows 7 .
Microsoft does not want SP2 to interfere with a successful implementation and launch of Windows 7 by their OEM partners .
In other words , do n't expect to see any products with Windows Vista SP2 until at least 2 - 3 months have passed after Windows 7 has launched .
End-users , though , can receive Service Pack 2 via Windows Update ( online ) .
In addition , Windows Server 2008 SP2 is not affected ( because it addresses a totally different market ) .
Other Microsoft Scoops :
If you have a scoop you want to share with us , just contact us !
It does n't have to be Microsoft - related .
It can be anything in the tech industry , from mobile phones to P2P software .
Just drop us a line !
Support Tech ARP !
If you like our work , you can help support out work by visiting our sponsors , participate in the Tech ARP Forums , or even donate to our fund .
Any help you can render is greatly appreciated !
Questions & Comments
If you have a question or comment on this editorial , please feel free to post them here !
A new study by O.M. Aguilar , a graduate assistant in the Department of Horticultural Sciences at Texas A&M University , confirms what previous studies and parents know : Gardening with children makes them more sensitive to environmental issues .
As reported in LOHAS , the study found :
Test results indicated that children that had any type of experience with gardening had more positive attitudes toward the environment when compared with students that had not gardened .
The study showed that hands - on gardening activities are important to the development of environmentally concerned citizens , and that children ’s involvement in informal gardening experiences has as much impact on their environmental outlook as involvement in formal school - based programs .
My children ’s school unfortunately does not have a formal gardening program , yet the teacher uses the school ’s garden for her own gardening needs .
I try to involve my children in all aspects of home gardening , but sometimes this is challenging when they stomp on tender young plants or accidentally pull one out while weeding .
Planting cover crops is an easy task even for the youngest toddler .
Just grab a handful and toss the seeds ; no need for straight rows or special spacing .
In the fall , I try to ready as much of my garden for next spring by planting cover crops .
My favorite cover crop is crimson clover , even though we have to till the plant in before we get the showy display of red flowers for optimum benefit .
Cover crops are called green manures , because they fix nitrogen in the soil and add organic matter .
There are many benefits to planting cover crops , even in the smallest garden :
Erosion control : Cover crops help stabilize the soil and prevent runoff during winter storms .
Adds organic matter :
The roots and top growth add matter when tilled in providing seasonal nutrients .
Weed control :
This is one of the main reasons I plant cover crops .
My thick , dense planting of clover chokes out many weeds , including invasive blackberries , that take hold while my garden is at rest .
Increase beneficial insects : Cover crops provide habitat for beneficial insects and feed microbes that fight off disease .
Add nutrients : Cover crops are a cheap method of adding nutrients into your garden soil .
As Organic Gardening explains :
Cover crops cover the soil and prevent excess nitrogen from leaching .
Plants take up excess soil nitrogen and return it to the soil when they are turned under .
In addition , legumes , such as clover , fix atmospheric nitrogen in special nodules on their roots , in collaboration with Rhizobium bacteria .
This nitrogen can be used by the next crop you grow .
In this way , cover crops act as a bank account for nutrients , returning the investment with interest when you turn them under .
A task for young children :
As I mentioned previously , scattering cover crop seeds is fun and easy for young hands .
I can’t imagine live without an organic garden , and I think my children will always garden no matter where they live from the years on our homestead .
There is nothing more wondrous to a child ( and adult ) than seeing a plant sprout or tasting food grown with your own two hands .
Caring for the soil is important , and cover crops are an easy way to ensure gardening success and include your children in the process !
Image : Oklahoma Biological Survey
The MSM finally picked up on a story about a Church of Latter Day Saints memo that Kos ran last week .
The 1997 document from then LDS President Gordon B. Hinckley details the church ’s strategy for defeating same - sex marriage , which stresses including the Catholic Church in the fight .
The memo looked at the Hawaii civil union decision and uses it to survey the California political landscape .
After determining that in California :
“ Anti-H.L.M. ( presumably “ homosexual legal marriage ” ) legislation through both Houses of the California Legislature appears virtually impossible at the preent .
Â
There is a consensus that referendum is the only route .
While expensive , there are at least two coalitions coming together with one of them showing promise as to raising money .
Richard Wirthlin has run a survey which shows public support for our position in the mid-fifty percentile .
As in Hawaii , his survey shows that the public image of the Catholic Church higher than our Church .
In other words , if we get into this , they are the ones with which to join . ”
ABC 4 is reporting that opponents of Prop. 8 say more documents like this exist .
What ’s clear from the document is that the LDS have had a concerted long - term strategy to defeat gay marriage in California– a strategy that bore a narrow , but powerful win for the Church .
US authorities have arrested two white supremacists for threatening to kill Democrat Barack Obama during a " killing spree " of African - Americans , court records showed .
The two men planned to kill 88 people and decapitate 14 African - Americans , before assassinating Senator Obama while dressed in tuxedos and top hats , the documents revealed .
Daniel Cowart and Paul Schlesselman were arrested last Wednesday ( US time ) in Tennessee for possession of firearms and threats against a candidate running for president , the documents from the Memphis court showed .
The men discussed a " killing spree to include targeting a predominantly African - American school ... they further stated that their final act of violence would be to attempt to assassinate presidential candidate Barack Obama , " Brian Weaks , an agent with the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives told the court .
Cowart , from Bells , Tennessee , and Schlesselman , from Arkansas , met via the internet a month ago and have " very strong beliefs and views regarding ' White Power ' and ' Skinhead ' views , " Mr Weaks said in his statement to the court .
Cowart had bought one rifle and stockpiled two handguns , both stolen from his grandfather .
They planned to steal another high - powered rifle from a gun store in Jackson , Tennessee , as well as a series of robberies to finance their bloody actions .
" Schlesselman stated that they planned to drive their vehicles as fast as they could toward Senator Obama shooting at him from the windows , " Mr Weaks said .
" Both individuals stated they would dress in all white tuxedos and wear top hats during the assassination attempt .
Both individuals further stated they knew they would and were willing to die during this attempt . "
There has been no immediate comment on the incident from Barack Obama 's campaign .
Senator Obama , who has made history by becoming the first black presidential nominee of a major political party , is already under secret service protection having received it much earlier in the campaign than any other candidate .
In late August , the alarm was also raised when it was revealed three men were arrested with a weapons cache in Denver , Colorado where the party convention was being held .
US attorneys later said there had been no credible threat against Obama .
-AFP / ABC
Abraham van Helsing and his intrepid band of vampire hunters may have disposed of Bram Stoker 's creation Dracula more than a century ago , but a sequel to the novel co-authored by Stoker 's great - grand - nephew will see them under attack from the undead once again , it was announced yesterday .
Dacre Stoker , who formerly coached the Canadian Olympic pentathlon team and now lives in the US , delved into his ancestor 's handwritten notes on the original Dracula novel to pen his sequel , Dracula : The Un - Dead - the original name of Dracula before an editor changed the title .
The new book - the first Dracula story to be fully authorised by the Stoker family since the 1931 film starring Béla Lugosi - has provoked a storm in the publishing world , selling for more than $ 1 m ( £ 575,000 ) to Dutton US , HarperCollins UK and Penguin Canada .
Dacre Stoker wrote the novel with the screenwriter Ian Holt , and a movie is also planned .
The new novel , which is due to be published next October , draws on excised characters and plot lines that were cut from Stoker 's original , first published 111 years ago .
In the new book , set in London in 1912 , Quincey , the son of Stoker 's hero , Jonathan Harker , has become involved in a troubled theatre production of Dracula , directed and produced by Bram Stoker himself .
The play plunges Quincey into the world of his parents ' terrible secrets .
Stoker said that he had not got around to reading his great - grand - uncle 's novel until he went to college .
" Word got out about my family connection to the old vamp and I grew tired of being unable to answer people 's questions .
So I chose to finally break down and read the novel for a research paper on Bram and his possible motivations to write the story , " he said .
" I had seen so many film versions of Dracula and was terribly surprised that very few of the films had any resemblance to Bram 's original novel .
Because the novel was so good and had stood up so well over the years , I found it exceedingly sad that all of the trash Hollywood had put out monumentally sullied Bram 's and my family 's literary legacy . "
Stoker later met Holt and the pair decided to work together to resurrect Bram Stoker 's original themes and characters .
" Our intent is to give both Bram and Dracula back their dignity , " Stoker said .
Bram Stoker 's original Dracula has never been out of print since it was published in 1897 .
McDonalds is facing a lawsuit after employees in a Fayetteville , Arkansas store stole nude photos from a lost cell phone and posted them to the internet .
Phillip and Tina Sherman say Phillip left his cell phone at the McDonald ’s July 5 .
Phillip rang the store to be told that the phone had been found , and had been secured for his collection .
What employees shortly discovered though was that Tina Sherman had been sending nude photographs of herself to her husband , and this is where the story takes a turn into legal terrority .
Shortly after confirming the store had the phone , Tina Sherman began receiving offensive calls and text messages about the pictures , then learned her pictures had been posted online along with her name , address and phone number .
According to NWAOnline , the web site described how McDonald ’s employees retrieved the pictures from a phone left at the restaurant .
Phillip and Tina Sherman are seeking more than $ 3 million in damages .
McDonald ’s has so far refused to comment on the story .
I guess the Sherman ’s were n’t lovin it .
Python Programming , news on the Voidspace Python Projects and all things techie .
Falling in Love with Sphinx ( and redeeming doctest )
Sphinx 0.5 ( half a Sphinx ) has just been released .
This is timely as one of the most valuable things that I learned at PyWorks ( in the hallway track ) was how to use Sphinx .
Chris Perkins ( who has some patches that will be integrated into the next release ) showed me how to get started .
My conclusion - Sphinx is frickin awesome !
Sphinx is the documentation system used to build the Python documentation .
It takes reStructured Text source documents and can build HTML / Latex output , with reST directives for classes / functions / methods , cross-referencing between pages , auto - generation of indexes , online and offline search ( very clever ) for the HTML , syntax highlighting and more .
I think we can get a lot of benefit from Sphinx at Resolver Systems .
We already use a homegrown tool ( originally written by me one Christmas ) that imports our spreadsheet object model from IronPython and builds reST documents from docstrings , which get turned into our API Documentation .
Although Sphinx can do docstring extraction we 'll probably still need to use our ApiDoc tool - both because we need it to work with IronPython code ( that imports . NET classes ) and because it gives us complete control over which methods and properties are documented as part of our public API ( plus I do n't think Sphinx extracts docstrings from properties ) .
Syntax highlighting , search and indexing are all things we'd like for our API docs though , we just need to change our tool to generate reST suitable for Sphinx .
In order to get a feel for it , I 've ported the Mock docs over in preparation for the forthcoming 0.5.0 release ( still a few things to do before it 's ready ) :
Getting started with Sphinx was made even easier by using virtualenv for creating clean development environments :
easy_install virtualenv virtual_env some_name cd some_name source bin/activate easy_install sphinx
By activating the new virtualenv environment , sphinx is then just installed for that environment ( you will also need docutils installed which is n't picked up as a dependency by easy_install ) .
Note
You can make some really cool workflows by also using virtualenvwrapper by Doug Hellmann .
It provides useful commands like workon for automatically activating virtualenv environments .
You can then get started with the sphinx - quickstart command that will create source and build directories for your docs along with a configuration file based on your answers to its questions .
After that you just need to learn the Sphinx specific directives !
The source reST files for the Python docs are a good place to start for examples ( or you can browse the sources of the mock docs ) .
Building the HTML output is amazingly easy : sphinx - build source output
Once I 'd installed MacTex ( nearly 1.2 GIGS to download - for goodness sake ) then building the PDF was also trivially easy :
sphinx - build - b latex source latex - dir cd latex - dir make all - pdf
The -b switch to the sphinx - build tells Sphinx to use a builder other than the default HTML builder .
As well as generating Latex output there is another really useful builder - the doctest builder .
A few weeks ago I wrote an ode to doctest : Doctest How I Loathe Thee .
In my opinion doctest is a terrible unit testing tool , it does however excel at testing examples in documentation .
Sphinx makes it brain - dead simple to do .
Any literal blocks you include in your docs Sphinx will try to infer if they contain Python code , and if they do it provides syntax highlighting with Pygments ( fully configurable of course ) .
You can mark a block of code as a doctest instead with the following directive :
.. doctest : : >>> items = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] >>> mock = Mock ( magics=' getitem contains ' , items=items ) >>> 2 in mock True >>> 4 in mock False >>> mock [ -1 ] 3
Not only will this be syntax highlighted , but you can run all of the doctests in your documentation with : sphinx - build - b doctest source output
Mock has been developed using Test Driven Development , so it has pretty full tests .
Nonetheless , making sure that all the examples in the documentation are up to date and still work can be a major pain .
Now it is trivially easy .
I have a renewed love and respect for doctest .
Of course it would be nice to have Sphinx running under IronPython .
That means that the components of Sphinx needs to run on IronPython .
Jinja 2 has no C extension dependencies , so after easy installing it ( and copying the package to somewhere importable for IronPython since it does n't have fecking zlib or zipimport and so does n't support easy install ... ) the simple example works fine :
C : \ compile > " C: \Program Files ( x86 ) \IronPython 2.0\ipy.exe "
IronPython 2.0 ( 2.0 .0 .0 ) on .
NET 2.0 .50727 .3053
Type " help " , " copyright " , " credits " or " license " for more information .
>> > from jinj a2 import Template
>> > template = Template ( ' Hello {{ name }} ! ' )
>> > template .
render ( name = ' John Doe ' )
' Hello John Doe ! '
>> >
What about docutils ?
>> > import docutils .
core
>> > docutils .
core .
publish_parts ( ' hello ' )
{ ' version ' : ' 0.5 ' , ' whole ' : u ' < document source = " < string > " > \ n < paragraph > \ n
hello \ n ' , ' encoding ' : ' utf - 8 ' }
>> > docutils .
core .
publish_parts ( ' hello
=====
odd ' )
{ ' version ' : ' 0.5 ' , ' whole ' : u ' < document ids = " hello " names = " hello " source = " < strin
g > " title= " hello " > \ n < title > \ n hello \ n < paragraph > \ n odd \ n ' ,
' encoding ' : ' utf - 8 ' }
OK , so that 's a very shallow test , but its a good start .
Fun at PyWorks
Last week I returned from a fun time at the PyWorks Conference in Atlanta .
PyWorks was a conference organised by the folks behind the Python Magazine ( happy birthday by the way ! ) , and was bolted alongside the already established PHP Works conference .
In total there were about 250 people present , the vast majority of whom were there for the PHP content .
Whilst I 'm interested in programming languages in general , there is very little about PHP that interests me ( except perhaps how easy it is to get started with PHP ) , so I 'm afraid to confess I did n't attend any of the PHP talks .
There were some fantastic
Python talks given , and it is a shame that so few people were there to hear them ( perhaps 30 - 50 total people there primarily for the Python content ) .
This was the first year for PyWorks and it will be interesting to see if they do it again .
In this picture from Saturday evening , Mark Ramm assists Chris Perkins in a visual demonstration of WSGI middleware ...
The more refined gentleman to the right is Shane Caraveo from Activestate who gave a talk on GUI Applications with XULRunner and PyXPCOM from Python .
For guaranteed fun at any conference invite Mark Ramm and ply him with tequila ...
It was great to catch up with the Python folk I know from conferences and the blogosphere ( Kevin Dangoor , Ed Leafe , Holger Krekel , Noah Gift , Doug Napoleone , Matthew Wilson , Jesse Noller and others ) .
It was nice to meet new faces too , like Brandon Rhodes who roped a few of us into speaking at the local PyAtlanta User Group .
There were about 30 people or so there , which was a great attendance for a regional user group .
It was all the more poignant because that evening Noah officially handed the reigns for the PyAtlanta group over to Brandon , as Noah is leaving for a cushy new job in New Zealand .
I gave a talk on Mock for testing .
As I did n't prepare ( well - I had three slides ) I did it all with live coding and it did n't go horribly wrong !
Noteworthy talks ( just the ones I can remember I 'm afraid ) :
Matthew Wilson on decorators .
Decorators are way cool .
Jesse Noller on multiprocessing
The API is really nice and it has some cool features .
It will be nice when I do some CPython work and get a chance to use it .
Ed showing off some of the new features in the Dabo Framework .
Dabo is a framework for writing desktop applications using the wxPython UI toolkit .
Ed was showing off two of the new features - a seriously cool looking forms designer and a way of delivering desktop applications across the internet ( with features like auto - update built - in ) .
As any desktop application ought to whip a web application in terms of usability and features this is a nice way of getting some of the benefits of web applications for desktop apps .
Holger Krekel on py.test I also spoke to Chris Perkins quite a bit about Nose .
The more I see talks on these two unit testing frameworks , the more convinced I am that I like the unittest way of structuring tests ( object oriented tests with assert methods ) .
I 'm also impressed with features like integrated coverage testing and particularly test auto - discovery .
These should be easy to add to unittest ( including getting them into the standard library version ) and it is something that is on my list .
Noah Gift and Python for System Administration
Even better I managed to get the copy of his book Python for Unix and Linux System Administration that he gave away ( just beating Jesse to it ) .
I 'm really enjoying it and have found the section on IPython the most useful so far .
Outside of the talks I learned about virtualenv , Sphinx and a bit about Paver .
Once Paver supports ' sub - pavers ' then we may be able to use it to replace MSBuild for some of our build scripts .
Currently we call out into a lot of small CPython scripts from MSBuild - so Paver could bring them all together for us .
My talk was on IronPython and Silverlight .
All the material is on my IronPython Pages , but I still desperately need to update the Silverlight Pages for the latest release of Silverlight .
Many thanks to those who organised PyWorks , and the people I spent time with who ensured I had a good time !
My First Screencast : Column Level Formulae in Resolver One
I 've finally created a screencast .
It 's 2 mins36 seconds and is about using column level formulae ( one of the new features of version 1.3 ) in Resolver One .
( Bonus points for working out where the names come from - but not many because it 's easy . )
Column level formulas are cool to avoid duplicating formulae , but you can use them to do some interesting things like data aggregation in combination with list comprehensions ; which is the subject of this screencast .
It actually took me two days of work to create this screencast !
About half a day to create the spreadsheets , half a day to write and practise the script , and then a day of recording the audio and video plus editing .
The next one I do will take considerably less time .
Surprisingly ( to me ) recording the audio and video separately , and then editing them to fit together , worked very well .
The trick is to know the script well enough that you do n't have to read it ( and therefore do n't sound like you 're reading a script ) .
For the audio I used Audactiy , and for recording the video Camtasia .
Camtasia is extremely simple to use , but pretty limited in the editing that you can do .
Needless to say , it is n't ' studio quality ' , but it was fun to make and hopefully informative .
The docs have more information on Column Level Formulae , and Jonathan did a great screencast on the other new features in Resolver One 1.3 .
Ian Ozsvald of Showmedo is also doing some screencasts for us .
They 're a lot better than the one I did !
The one on Python Objects in the Spreadsheet Grid is particularly good .
Open Rights Group in the UK
I 'm founding member 748 of the Open Rights Group in the UK .
Probably my biggest claim to fame to date .
The ORG exists to " protect our bits " ( and someone has to ) :
The Open Rights Group is a grassroots technology organisation which exists to protect civil liberties wherever they are threatened by the poor implementation and regulation of digital technology .
We call these rights our " digital rights " .
As an organisation they 're three years old now , but the UK branch was only founded this year .
They 're supported by individuals like Neil Gaiman ( who recently did a small talk for the ORG in Clerkenwell - which finally prompted me to pull my finger out and join up ) and Charlie Stross .
Archives
Bush administration quietly works to torpedo global warming regulations Nick Juliano
Published : Wednesday November 26 , 2008
Print This Email This White House emailing mayors to oppose greenhouse gas limits
On his way out the door , President Bush seems to be taking one last shot at torpedoing court - ordered action to restrict global warming .
Top Bush administration figures have been e-mailing sympathetic mayors and other allies encouraging them to oppose Environmental Protection Agency rules to limit greenhouse gas emissions .
The Supreme Court last year ordered the EPA to craft a proposal to limit the emissions under the Clean Air Act , but the White House made clear it does n't like the idea .
" At the time , President Bush warned that this was the wrong way to regulate emissions .
[ House Energy and Commerce Committee ] Chairman John D. Dingell called it ' a glorious mess , ' " Jeremy J. Broggi , associate director of the White House Office of Intergovernmental Affairs , wrote in the e-mail , obtained by The Washington Post 's Juliet Eilperin .
" And many of you contacted us to let us know how harmful this rule would be to the economies of the cities and counties you serve . "
" The Bush administration , " Eilperin says , " ... is sending out a message to some of its allies :
Tell us how much you do n't want us to regulate emissions linked to global warming . "
The e-mail appears to be one is a series of steps Bush is taking to leave as many as his fingerprints as possible on federal policy before he leaves office .
The administration is pushing through an array of parallel deregulatory policies including lifting barriers to mountaintop coal mining and ocean - fishing along with easing standards governing drinking water quality .
Regarding the EPA emissions policy , the White House reminded mayors of an upcoming Nov. 28 deadline to comment on the proposal .
When executive branch agencies craft regulations they account for comments from the public in their decision - making process ; a stream of negative comments from Republican mayors opposed to air quality regulations could lead the agency to develop a more lax proposal .
An environmental advocate condemned what seemed a bald attempt from the administration to block moves to improve air quality and decrease global warming .
" It appears there is no bottom to the administration 's pit of disdain for regulating greenhouse gases , " S. William Becker , executive director for the National Association of Clean Air Agencies , told the Post .
" On the eve of the comment deadline on one of the most important environmental issues of our time , the White House is resorting to scare tactics , including rhetoric from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , to incite opposition among elected county and city officials . "
Among other environmentally - challenging rules the White House is proposing , via the Christian Science Monitor :
Mountaintop mining .
The proposed new rule would allow mining companies to dump rock and dirt from mountaintop - ­removal mining closer to rivers and streams .
Endangered species consultation .
The rule would alter implementation of the Endangered Species
Act by letting federal land - use managers approve projects like highways , mining , or logging without consulting federal habitat managers and biological health experts responsible for species protection .
Currently , consultation is required .
Air pollution near national parks .
The proposed rule would ease current restrictions that make it difficult for power plants to operate near national parks and wilderness areas .
Runoff and air pollution from factory farms .
Under new rules , factory farms could let their runoff pollute waterways without a permit .
( The rule circumvents the Clean Water Act , allowing for self - regulation . )
Another rule would exempt factory farms from reporting air pollution emissions from animal waste .
New Source Review changes .
The rule would change the Environmental Protection Agencys New Source Review program , which requires new facilities or renovating facilities to install better pollution - control technology , by making fewer facilities subject to its requirements .
Environmental impacts of fishery decisions .
The rule would transfer the responsibility for examining the environmental impacts of federal ocean - management decisions from federal employees to advisory groups that represent regional fishing interests .
The rule would also make it tougher for the public to participate in the environmental assessment process required by the National Environmental Policy Act .
The Mormon temple in Westwood was closed Thursday afternoon after an envelope filled with an unidentified white , powdery substance was delivered to temple employees , Los Angeles police said .
About 3:30 p.m. , a hazardous - materials team was sent to the temple at Santa Monica Boulevard and Overland Avenue , said LAPD Officer Karen Smith .
The temple has recently been the site of protests by opponents of Proposition 8 , though it is unclear whether the envelope was related to protests over the gay marriage ban , officials said .
“ It is unknown who it ’s from or who it ’s addressed to , or any of that , ” Smith said .
Advertisement
Laura Eimiller , a spokeswoman for the FBI ’s Los Angeles office , said agents were investigating .
A similar letter was received at the Salt Lake City Mormon temple about 3:30 p.m. local time today , said Juan Becerra , a spokesman for the FBI ’s Salt Lake City office .
“ Our hazmat team as well as Salt Lake City Fire Department responded , collected the evidence , and it is now at the lab , ” he said .
The L.A. Gay & Lesbian Center in Los Angeles issued a statement late Thursday decrying the incident .
Advertisement
“ While the L.A. Gay & Lesbian Center organized a peaceful demonstration against the involvement of the leadership of the Mormon Church in the deceitful Yes on Prop. 8 campaign , we decry the use or threat of violence .
Just as the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community seeks the right to be treated equally under the law , all Americans should have the right to live lives free from fear and violence , ” the statement said .
Meanwhile , a gay rights activist submitted a formal complaint to the enforcement division of the California Fair Political Practices Commission alleging that the Mormon church failed to report the value of the work , including phone banks , commercials and other services , done to support the Proposition 8 campaign .
Proposition 8 , which amends the state Constitution , was approved by voters last week .
--
Advertisement
tami.abdollah@latimes.com
ABC Radio National ’s Radio Eye has one of the best documentaries on Milgram ’s conformity experiments that I ’ve ever heard .
It follows up several of the people who took part in the original experiment and weaves their stories into the audio from the original and chilling tapes of the actual sessions .
You ’ll have to be quick because the audio is only online for another week or two and it ’s a 50 - minute must - listen programme that is wonderfully produced .
The tapes of the actual sessions are remarkable and you can feel the psychological tension as the study progresses .
As well as being a detailed guide to the study , it ’s a fascinating look at the experience of taking part in a process that had as much impact for the ethical changes that it triggered as for the implications for what we know about conformity and social pressure .
Link to Radio Eye ‘ Beyond the Shock Machine ’ ( via AITM Blog ) .
News reports say Australian dating site Rural Network apparently lured lonely country men with fake pictures of beautiful young women , then ripped them off sums up to $ 20,000 .
Men e-found beautiful women who seemed perfect matches with the problem being they did not exist , according to the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission ( ACCC ) , which tracked the online dating agency for the past three years .
The dating site director Leanne McDonald is also known as Leanne Viney , Lana Viney and Lana McDonald .
The agency was legally ordered to repay 35 of its victims $ 120,000 and court costs of $ 60,000 plus write to new customers informing them of the “ misleading and deceptive conduct ” that it had been involved in .
Justice Jeffrey Spender said at the time that the agency 's conduct was “ not only serious but calculated and quite callous ” — but did n’t order it to be closed merely imposing a seven - year restriction on the way that it advertises and supplies introduction services .
Surprise , surprise in July 2008 the agency was back in court , accused of failing to honour any of the undertakings .
The case will return to court in September .
Meanwhile the website is still operational under the name Chances Consulting , which when you click redirects to Ruralnetwork.com
So , the judge ordered them to pay close to $ 200,000 , tells them to tell people they were deceptive , and lets them stay in business ?
Great .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Five bombs have ripped through busy shopping areas of India 's capital , Delhi , within minutes of each other , killing at least 20 people , police say .
The explosions , which also injured about 90 people , are not thought to have been very powerful but happened in crowded areas .
Four unexploded bombs were also found and defused , police said .
More than 400 people have died since October 2005 in bomb attacks on Indian cities such as Ahmedabad and Bangalore .
India has blamed Islamist militant groups for these previous bombings .
They want to break the spirit of Delhi
Arti Mehra ,
Mayor of Delhi
In pictures : Delhi blasts CNN - IBN , a local TV news channel , said it had received an e-mail before the blasts from a group calling itself the " Indian Mujahideen " .
" Do whatever you can .
Stop us if you can , " the e-mail reportedly said .
The same group has claimed responsibility for two other recent bombing attacks .
The Indian government has put the security agencies on high alert .
Pakistan has joined in official Indian condemnation of the attacks .
Chaotic scenes
Two bombs are believed to have been planted in dustbins metres away from each other in the central shopping district of Connaught Place .
BOMB ATTACKS IN INDIA IN 2008 13 September : Five bomb blasts kill 18 in Delhi 26 July :
At least 22 small bombs kill 49 in Ahmedabad 25 July : Seven bombs go off in Bangalore killing two people 13 May : Seven bomb hit markets and crowded streets in Jaipur killing 63 Police believe that at least three other devices were planted at busy markets in the Karol Bagh area , on the Barakhamba Road and in the Greater Kailash area .
Chanchal Kumar helped carry several casualties to ambulances after witnessing one of the explosions , outside a metro station .
" Around 1830 we heard a very loud noise , then we saw people running all over the place , " Reuters news agency quoted him as saying .
" There were about 100 - 200 people around this place . "
Gulab Singh , an underground train guard , saw an explosion in Greater Kailash .
" I was stepping out for a cup of tea when everything turned black in front of me , " he was quoted as saying by AFP news agency .
" Then everyone started running . "
Television pictures show scenes of chaos at the blast scenes .
Crowds milled around mangled vehicles , with debris and blood scattered across the streets .
' Enemies of humanity '
The Mayor of Delhi , Arti Mehra , said the city would not be intimidated by the " cowardly " attacks .
" They want to break the spirit of Delhi , " he told reporters .
" They have tried this in other places before and they have not succeeded and they will not succeed here .
They will not scare us . "
Pakistan 's new President , Asif Ali Zardari , " strongly condemned " the bomb attacks , expressing " shock and grief over the loss of precious human lives " .
After bombings in Jaipur and Bangalore , a group calling itself the Indian Mujahideen also claimed responsibility .
While it is too early to say exactly what caused Saturday 's blasts in Delhi , they appear similar to the earlier attacks .
The earlier attacks involved multiple small devices hidden in small boxes or bags and aimed at soft targets such as crowded markets , analysts say .
The devices contained shrapnel such as nuts , bolt and ball bearings while the explosives used were improvised .
Islamic militants in Kashmir have tended to use military - grade explosives .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Obama uses Palin 's criticism of McCain 's robocall strategy to exacerbate tensions within the party
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Democrats are playing up a potential Republican rift today after Sarah Palin criticised automated phone calls her party is running across the country that depict Barack Obama as a terrorist sympathiser .
In a candid interview with the reporters travelling on her plane , Palin said voters " get a bit irritated with just being inundated " by her campaign's " robocalls " linking Obama to the 1960s radical William Ayers .
" If I called all the shots , and if I could wave a magic wand , " Palin told CNN , " I would be sitting at a kitchen table with more and more Americans , talking to them about our plan to get the economy back on track and winning the war , and not having to rely on the old conventional ways of campaigning that includes those robocalls " .
Palin questioned both parties ' spending on TV advertisements , saying they were " kind of draining out there in terms of Americans ' attention span " .
Both Obama aides and the Democratic party are circulating Palin 's comments today , seeking to exacerbate the Republicans ' internal tensions over the calls .
Three pre-recorded phone calls are making the rounds in swing states such as Missouri and Ohio .
One chides Obama for holding a Hollywood fundraiser during the economic crisis , another attacks his abortion record , and a third says ominously that Obama has " worked closely " with Ayers – a claim debunked widely in the press .
Palin is not the first in her party to publicly criticise the McCain robocall strategy .
Two Republican senators who face tough re-election battles this year , Susan Collins of Maine and Norm Coleman of Minnesota , have urged McCain to stop the calls .
McCain has come under fire for running anti-Obama robocalls created by the same firm that devised a brutal smear campaign against him eight years ago during his Republican primary race against George W Bush .
The calls broadcast to South Carolina voters in 2000 suggested wrongly that McCain 's adopted Bangladeshi daughter was an illegitimate black child .
After the phoned - in rumours were credited with pushing Bush to victory that year , McCain vowed not to use robocalls as a political tactic .
The system uses a camera that can be mounted into a pair of glasses and takes pictures of items in front of the wearer .
The images are then analysed by a computer that converts the angles and length of lines into a series of sounds of varying pitch , tone and volume .
Over several weeks the patients are trained to recognise different objects using the sounds .
Disabled teen becomes world 's first person to do a backflip in a WHEELCHAIR
A daredevil teenager has become the first person ever to perform a backflip in a wheelchair .
Aaron Fotheringham , 16 , who is known to friends as ‘ Wheels ’ , finally landed the official world record after learning the amazing acrobatic stunt two years ago .
Aaron , who was born with spina bifida and has been in a chair since he was three , said : ‘ It feels awesome to have the record . ’
Head over wheels : Aaron Fotheringham , 16 , performs the record - breaking stunt
The American teenager is also credited with creating the sport of ‘ hardcore sitting ’ where daring stunts adapted from skateboarding and BMX are performed in a wheelchair .
‘ It ’s wonderful , ’ said his mother , Kaylene Fotheringham after he was accepted by the World Records Accademy last month .
‘ We always thought he was the first one to do it but today we know he has the world record . ’
He began doing stunts at the age of nine when his elder brother Brian took him to their local skate - park in Las Vegas .
Brian encouraged him to go down a ramp and the obsession was born .
Now Aaron gets flown all over the world to perform stunts and spends at least three hours a day practicing .
‘ I love being in a wheelchair , ’ said Aaron .
‘ Everyone thinks " Oh you ’re disabled that ’s such a terrible thing " but I think it ’s positive .
‘ It ’s like being able to carry your skateboard everywhere with you .
People do n’t realise how much can be done in a chair . ’
Wheelie pleased : Aaron , who was born with spina bifida , invented ' harcore sitting '
Aaron ’s unofficial record is six back flips in a row , however , under the pressure of the day he could not get any consecutive flips .
‘ I ’m going to nail that record sometime in the future , ’ says Aaron .
Completing each trick requires complete concentration and perfect judgement of speed and Aaron has suffered a few nasty crashes in the past .
‘ I ’ve shattered my elbow and had concussion too many times to count , ’ said Aaron .
Approaching the ramp at the wrong speed could result in a crash where Aaron ’s entire body - weight and weight of his chair lands on his neck .
‘ I always wear a helmet and pads but it still hurts when you fall , ’ he says .
Aaron has become quite a celebrity in the skate scene and has also become a hero to wheelchair users all over the world .
‘ I get little kids telling me they like being in their chair now , ’ says Aaron who has visitors from all over the U.S. come to ask him for tips .
Recently he ’s been teaching one adoring fan , a tiny four - year - old called Zachary , some basic stunts .
‘ Zachary ’s a great kid , ’ he says ‘ It feels so cool to get people interested in hardcore sitting , ’ he says .
‘ I ca n’t describe how good it feels . ’
‘ I hope it becomes more and more popular so we can get it into events all over the world . ’
Whirled record : Aaron first pulled the trick in 1996 but now the feat is official
Aaron has been a sponsored athlete through specialist wheelchair makers Colours Inc , since he was 12 years old .
Colours
Inc make high - tech , custom chairs and accessories for sports and off - roading .
Aaron ’s £ 5,000 chair is made of reinforced aluminium with suspension , shock absorbers and a ' grind bar ' for street and ramp stunts .
Aaron ’s friend and mentor at Colours , Ernie Espinoza , said : ‘ Aaron punishes a chair like no one at Colours has ever seen , we take pride in knowing that we can build a chair that stands up to the test of Aaron Fotheringham . ’
Watch the amazing video below ...
Good news for worried parents :
All those hours their teenagers spend socializing on the Internet are not a bad thing , according to a new study by the MacArthur Foundation .
“ It may look as though kids are wasting a lot of time hanging out with new media , whether it ’s on MySpace or sending instant messages , ” said Mizuko Ito , lead researcher on the study , “ Living and Learning With New Media . ”
“ But their participation is giving them the technological skills and literacy they need to succeed in the contemporary world .
They ’re learning how to get along with others , how to manage a public identity , how to create a home page . ”
The study , conducted from 2005 to last summer , describes new - media usage but does not measure its effects .
“ It certainly rings true that new media are inextricably woven into young people ’s lives , ” said Vicki Rideout , vice president of the Kaiser Family Foundation and director of its program for the study of media and health .
“ Ethnographic studies like this are good at describing how young people fit social media into their lives .
What they ca n’t do is document effects .
This highlights the need for larger , nationally representative studies . ”
Meteorite search update - 10 - ton rock responsible for fireball in Western Canada last week
Press Release From : University of Calgary
Posted : Tuesday , November 25 , 2008
Investigation of the fireball that lit up the skies of Alberta and Saskatchewan on November 20 has determined that an asteroid fragment weighing approximately 10 tonnes entered the Earth 's atmosphere over the prairie provinces last Thursday evening .
And University of Calgary researcher Alan Hildebrand has outlined a region in western Saskatchewan where chunks of the desk - sized space rock are expected to be found .
The fireball first appeared approximately 80 kilometres above and just east of the border city of Lloydminster , Alberta / Saskatchewan , and traveled SSE towards the Battle River valley fragmenting spectacularly in a series of explosions .
The fireball penetrated the atmosphere at a steep angle of approximately 60 degrees from the horizontal and lasted about five seconds from 17:26:40 to 17:26:45 MST with the largest explosion at 17:26:44 .
The fireball was recorded on all - sky and security cameras scattered across Saskatchewan and Alberta in addition to being witnessed by tens of thousands of people who saw it streak across the sky , saw its arc - welding blue flash , or heard the subsequent explosions .
" Firstly , we are enormously appreciative of all the people who have volunteered information about the fireball .
The public response to this fireball has been the largest that we have ever had in Canada . " said Hildebrand , Canada Research Chair in Planetary Science and Coordinator of the Canadian Fireball Reporting Centre at the University of Calgary .
Hildebrand said the fireball was like a billion - watt lightbulb shining in the sky , turning night into day with a bluish white light .
It illuminated the ground for several hundred kilometers in all directions including as far south as Vauxhall , Alberta .
" Thanks to everyone 's help we are now beginning to delineate the trajectory of the fireball , so that its prefall orbit can be determined .
We have also outlined an area where its meteorites may have fallen , although we will have more precise predictions to come , " Hildebrand added .
The asteroid fragment is now known to have weighed approximately 10 tonnes when it entered the Earth 's atmosphere from an energy estimate derived from infrasound records by Dr. Peter Brown , Canada Research Chair in Meteor Physics at the University of Western Ontario .
Infrasound is very low frequency sound produced by explosions that can travel thousands of kilometers .
" At least half a dozen infrasound stations ranging from Greenland to Utah , including Canada 's Lac Du Bonnett , Manitoba and Elgin Field , Ontario stations , recorded energy from the fireball 's explosions .
The indicated energy is approximately one third of a kiloton of TNT , " Brown said .
Dr. Brown also says that a fireball this size only occurs over Canada once every five years on average .
About ten fireballs of this size occur somewhere over the Earth each year .
Dr. Hildebrand spent the weekend in the field interviewing witnesses and searching for security camera videos .
" We are now trying to get all the transient information about the fireball before it is lost .
Many motels and gas stations only keep their security recordings for one week or less , so we urge everyone to check their systems to see if they recorded the fireball or the moving shadows that it cast , " Hildebrand said .
" Three gas stations and motels in Lloydminster , Lashburn and Maidstone are known to have records , but dozens of other businesses in the area probably have the fireball or its shadows recorded . "
If fireball images are found , he suggests immediately saving a copy and contacting him .
" With the security camera footage we can compute the fireball 's trajectory in the sky to calculate the prefall orbit .
Meteorites have only ever been recovered from known orbits nine times previously and we want to make that ten . "
Hildebrand estimates that hundreds of meteorites larger than 50 grams could have landed since the rock was large and its entry velocity was lower than average .
The object 's speed is calculated to be only roughly 14 km / sec when it entered the atmosphere versus the average of around 20 km / sec .
" We are now starting to reasonably constrain where the meteorites will have fallen .
Many witnesses reported seeing a cluster of red fragments continuing downwards in the sky after the fireball exploded .
These represent the rocks slowing down that will eventually fall to the ground as meteorites , " Hildebrand said .
" An outstanding thing about this fireball is that so many red fragments were seen and that they traveled so low to the ground before becoming invisible in the darkness . "
The projected area of fall lies within Saskatchewan 's Manitou Lake Rural Municipality north of Marsden and Neilburg , and just south of the Battle River in an area that is mostly cleared for cultivation .
" Several of the nearby eye witnesses describe sounds that could actually be from the meteorites falling through the sky , but we do n't know that for sure yet .
The eye witness descriptions are remarkably consistent with each other as to the location , " Hildebrand said .
The remarkable consistency of the eyewitness accounts is probably partly explained by the dramatic dust clouds that marked the fireball 's path .
These clouds remained in the sky without much distortion for several minutes .
From the fireball 's characteristics
Hildebrand thinks that it was a relatively strong rock and many rocks the size of a football or bigger are expected in addition to the more numerous small ones .
Larger meteorites will have plunged into the ground if at all soft , making small pits with the meteorites at the bottom .
Meteorites of common asteroids will have a dark gray or black coating covering their dimpled surface , be denser than the average rock , and will weakly attract a magnet , but other types of meteorites are possible .
The meteorites are expected to be scattered across a strewnfield approximately eight km long and three km wide with the larger stones to the southeast .
Noting that they have a substantial commercial value , Hildebrand also advises that meteorites are the property of the landowner where they fall .
Hildebrand and Brown are both members of the Small Bodies Discipline Working Group that is funded by the Canadian Space Agency .
Dr. Martin Beech at the University of Regina chairs this working group .
Hildebrand has returned to the field to continue gathering data and will be available only for pre-arranged phone interviews .
Both Brown and Beech are available for comment at the contact information below .
###
Dr. Martin Beech : ( 306 ) 359-1216 Dr. Peter Brown : ( 519 ) 661-2111 x86458
See Google Map of search area at : http://maps.google.ca/maps/ms?ie=UTF8&hl=en&msa=0&msid=101407268858136267770.00045c7664e5121a35b7f&ll=52.957946,-109.741573&spn=1.111851,2.570801&z=9
// end //
More news releases and status reports or top stories .
Please follow SpaceRef on Twitter and Like us on Facebook .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
We have got the privilege to borrow an Azul Vega 1 which is the smallest of Azul ‘s monster machines .
This evening a bunch of us Jaywayers gathered to try it out .
Installing the Azul JVM was painless and all of us were up and running very quickly .
Here is screenshot from the management console showing 81 active CPUs and 23 GB free memory :
I tried some Scala actors which worked very well .
By running some CPU intensive calculations I concluded that it scaled linearly up to the number of CPUs .
No surprise , but very cool when you are running 80 threads at full speed !
Also cool to see that Scala runs smoothly which means that neither Scala nor Azul does anything strange .
Just pure bytecode .
Somebody tried to configure the Azul JVM in Eclipse and was able to run JUnit tests on Azul .
We were also able to run maven without any problems .
We tried to allocate lots of memory .
No problem there either , although we had to specify - Xmx10G or something .
By default you only get 1.6 GB … .
A colleague started tomcat , produced lots of garbage and tried garbage collection at 8 GB of heap .
No pause !
However , there was some synchronization problem with Log4j since all 16 CPUs had to coordinate their work .
We encountered two problems :
xstream apparently had a dependency to Unsafe which is not supported on Azul
the program must be headless , so no Swing
A quick rewrite later and we had generated a 64 megapixel mandelbrot calculated in parallel on 40 CPUs .
The only problem was saving the PNG file which was a single threaded operation …
A few of the early Palin profiles reported out of Alaska noted her propensity to turn on early mentors or those who gave her key legs up after those people were no longer useful .
Now the latest from The Politico …
Even as John McCain and Sarah Palin scramble to close the gap in the final days of the 2008 election , stirrings of a Palin insurgency are complicating the campaign ’s already - tense internal dynamics .
Four Republicans close to Palin said she has decided increasingly to disregard the advice of the former Bush aides tasked to handle her , creating occasionally tense situations as she travels the country with them .
Those Palin supporters , inside the campaign and out , said Palin blames her handlers for a botched rollout and a tarnished public image — even as others in McCain ’s camp blame the pick of the relatively inexperienced Alaska governor , and her public performance , for McCain ’s decline .
“ She ’s lost confidence in most of the people on the plane , ” said a senior Republican who speaks to Palin , referring to her campaign jet .
He said Palin had begun to “ go rogue ” in some of her public pronouncements and decisions .
“ I think she ’d like to go more rogue , ” he said .
Obviously , Palin is the McCain campaign ’s responsibility , his fault , etc .
But I must confess to some sympathy for the frustration and heartburn it must cause his staffers to hear Palin and her crew complaining about a “ botched rollout and [ her ] tarnished image . ”
That ’s gratitude for you .
Sometimes it ’s just the product .
TEHRAN–Iranian newspapers say a court has sentenced a man who blinded a woman with acid also to be blinded with acid under the country 's Islamic law .
Thursday 's reports in several newspapers , including the Kargozaran , say 27 - year - old Majid confessed to attacking Ameneh Bahrami in 2004 to dissuade anyone from marrying the woman he loved .
Wednesday 's ruling was issued based on the Islamic law system of ``qisas , " or eye for an eye retribution .
The reports say Ameneh asked the court to sentence Majid , who was only identified by his first name , to be blinded by acid to prevent similar attacks on other women .
Majid is allowed to appeal the verdict .
Well , at least it ’s fair that Wall Street is still on target to receive $ 70 billion in bonuses .
They tried and that ’s all that matters .
For everyone else , let ’s see how well year end bonuses and end of year perks go .
Companies are pushing more health care costs out to employees and now pension plans are reporting problems with funding and the few that remain in corporate America are talking about cutbacks , problems with funding and even cancellations and moving to 401K plans .
US corporate pension funds are getting slammed by the stock market ’s downturn , squeezing profits and prompting some employers to drop their pension plans or make other cuts to offset losses .
Just last week , defense giant Lockheed Martin Corp .
cut its earnings forecast , citing higher pension costs ; its retirement investments had dropped 25 percent this year .
Boeing Co. estimated its pension fund was down 20 percent this year , likely forcing it to pump in $ 100 million more .
And Raytheon Co. , based in Waltham , said it plans to boost contributions to its pension fund by an extra $ 94 million next year , partly because its pension fund has shrunk 20 percent since January .
“ We ’re going to have a very bad year , ” said Howard Silverblatt , an analyst with Standard & Poor ’s , a financial research firm based in New York .
“ Companies are going to have to put significant amounts of money in [ pension funds ] this year . ”
And in the 401K world , it ’s not much better .
Cutbacks ( or total removal ) of matching dollars is likely to be the next casualty as GM announces their policy change .
In the quest for a completely mouse free desktop , I wanted to be able to yank URLs from the termial without using the mouse .
This happens often enough in IRC when I would want to grab the most recent URL and run it in firefox .
I talked to the author of vimperator and he suggested that I look at urxvt ( packaged as rxvt-unicode ) .
So I did .
A few hours later and I have a perl plug - in for urxvt that does just want I wanted .
I use wmii and one of the keys that is unused atm , is Alt - U. I mapped the new feature to Alt - U , but it 's configurable .
Overview
Alt - U - enter URL yank mode , select last URL ; pressed subsequently selects previous URL
- enter URL yank mode , select last URL ; pressed subsequently selects previous URL < esc > - exit URL yank mode
- exit URL yank mode y - copy selected URL to clipboard
- copy selected URL to clipboard < enter > - launch browser ( see below ) on selected URL
- launch browser ( see below ) on selected URL ctrl -n - select next url
- select next url ctrl-p - select previous url
NOTE : the key combinations are intended to be vim - like and permit me to extend them to be able to mark arbitrary text using similar shortcuts as screen copy mode .
So HJKL are reserved for future use , hence the use of a control key .
The code
gitweb interface for the urxvt script repo
current version of mark - yank - urls
Clone my repo
you will need git apt - get install git-core git clone git://git.jukie.net/urxvt
Install
you will need urxvt apt - get install rxvt-unicode
put mark - yank - urls in $ HOME / .urxvt /
If you got it from git , run make install
in order to copy things into the clipboard the script needs one of two things the clipboard perl module cpan Clipboard the xclip utility apt - get install xclip
Configure
put this in $ HOME / .
Xdefaults URxvt.keysym.M-u : perl:mark - yank-urls:activate_mark_mode URxvt.underlineURLs : true URxvt.perl- lib : /home/jukie/bart/.urxvt/
<--- your path URxvt. perl - ext : selection , mark - yank - urls URxvt.urlLauncher : firefox
Run
A California couple who hung a controversial effigy of Republican vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin from a noose off the side of their house have removed the display under pressure from city officials .
As The Ticket reported yesterday , the hanging mannequin generated international notorie ty , as well as an appeal from the mayor of West Hollywood to remove the likeness that many saw as a hate crime .
ChadMichael Morrisette , the man who constructed the mannequin as part of a Halloween display , told The Times that he decided to remove the Palin mannequin on Wednesday after meeting with West Hollywood Mayor Jeffrey Prang .
Originally he'd vowed to keep the display up until Saturday .
Earlier in the day , about half a dozen of Morrisette 's neighbors had protested the display and tried to block it from the view of passing motorists , according to Steve Whitmore , a spokesman for the Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department .
Times reporters Raja Abdulrahim and Andrew Blankstein will have more on the story at latimes.com later tonight and The Ticket will update as necessary .
-- Kate Linthicum
Get individual alerts of each new Ticket item sent straight to your cellphone by registering here free .
Photo credit : A portrait of Mito Aviles ( left ) and Chad - Michael Morrisette in front of what they called a Halloween decoration , which included a caricature of VP candidate Sarah Palin hanging with a noose around her neck / Francine Orr / Los Angeles Times
Beyond Open Source Software
by Ostatic Staff - Jun. 27 , 2008
Related Blog Posts
Most people think " software " when they hear open source - but there are plenty of other things using open source principles to distribute their intellectual property .
We 've covered some of these : the OpenMoko phone , the Open Graphics Project , VIA 's OpenNote , and even the RepRap self - duplicating machine .
But they 're just the tip of the iceberg .
Here are five more projects that show how healthy open source is beyond the software arena .
The Multimachine is an open source machine tool .
Starting with old automobile engine blocks and other salvaged bits , anyone with reasonable mechanical skills and access to some tooling can put together their own combination lathe , mill , drill press , and more .
The Open Prosthetics Project is applying open source principles to the design of prosthetic limbs .
They 've got a number of active projects on their wiki , and have put together some prototypes .
The Open Source Green Vehicle project is probably the most ambitious of the ones listed here - an attempt to develop a 100MPG hybrid SUV with open design specifications ( though with restrictions on building the actual vehicle ) .
It looks as if the project is largely moribund , though .
The OpenStim project wants to build an " open noninvasive brain stimulator . "
That is , you 'd wear this helmet with its magnets and electronics , flip it on , and stuff would happen inside your cranium as a result .
They 're wiki - based with a fair number of people interested in moving the project forward .
Finally , one for a Friday afternoon : Flying Dog Brewery 's Open Source Beer Project encourages anyone to try out their recipe and suggest tweaks and improvements .
They 're currently soliciting suggestions on how to go about putting together Open Source Beer 2.0 .
Do you know of any unusual open source projects that we have n't covered ?
Welcome back to the show that never ends !
The Webcomic Overlook is back from its month - long , wedding - driven hiatus to bring you the what - for in webcomics opinionating .
Now that I ’m back from getting married , honeymooning , and all that jazz , what should we talk about ?
She we cover a political webcomic in honor of our new president - elect ?
Should I cover yet another video game webcomic ?
Or perhaps a video game webcomic that dabbles in politics ?
I ’ll cover those eventually .
But today , I ’ll cover a subject that ’s first and foremost in the hearts of every American man .
Yes , I ’m talking about sex .
( Hint to parents : you might want to push your kids toward some sanitized fare for this one . )
Ah yes , sex .
Some have claimed that there are studies that show men think about sex every fifteen minutes .
To which I say , hogwash !
How does one even conduct a study like that , anyway ?
Do they lock up a guy in a room and ask him , every fifteen minutes , if he was thinking about sex ?
And if that ’s how the study was done , would n’t the man have no choice but to think about sex , especially if the question was delivered by a nurse in a peek - a- bo outfit ?
Look , if I ’m reading an article out of “ The Economist , ” you can bet I ’m not thinking about whoopie every fifteen minutes .
I ’m more likely to be thinking about the ramifications of the Chauncey Billups - Allen Iverson trade .
Thus , I suspect that this particular nugget of knowledge is entirely bogus and was created by the fine people behind “ Redbook ” or “ Mademoiselle ” to sell extra copies .
Anyway , it ’s impossible to read the subject of today ’s Webcomic Overlook without thinking about sex every fifteen seconds .
The comic stars a geeky , down - on - his - luck loser who shares his apartment with a sassy brunette and a giggly blonde .
The comic version of “ Three ’s Company ” ?
Close .
Today , the Webcomic Overlook reviews Ménage à 3 .
( But really , the “ Three ’s Company ” analogy is not too far off .
There ’s even a grumpy landlady . )
I feel it ’s due diligence to reveal that the comic does , in fact , feature several scenes with frontal nudity , a scene or two of R - rated non-political congress , and a heaping spoonful of dirty sex talk .
Thus , like the creators , I must warn you that Ménage à 3 is for readers 16 - years - old .
According to the Keenspot blurb , the comic — created by Gisèle Lagacé and Dave Zero1 ( which I suspect is not his real name ) — “ follows the lives of comic book geek Gary and his way - sexier - than - he - is roommates in their Montreal tight - as - a - sandwich apartment where the walls are so thin there are virtually no barriers between their rooms . ”
Oh la la !
Sounds like quite an opportunity for a little je ne sais quoi , non ?
Also nekkidness .
Copious amounts of nekkidness that somehow involve sandwiches .
I had been keeping Ménage à 3 on the “ To Review ” for a while .
Partially because when I encountered it , it was just starting out and had n’t built up a backlog to some sort of story .
( The comic debuted May 2008 , I believe . )
Even then , I was questioning whether or not it would be appropriate to review this title .
I try to keep The Webcomic Overlook all - ages when I can .
Yes , yes , I realize that , in the past , I have reviewed comics that have broached sexual topics and featured nudity .
However , sex is the very core of Ménage ‘s being , permeating the plots and dialogue .
Dare I plunge The Webcomic Overlook to the outskirts of the literary Red Light District ?
So what finally prompted me to write this review ?
When Ménage à 3 ended up on a recent list of ComixTalk ’s “ Most Read ” webcomics .
I always pegged the comic as an ultra - niche comic .
However , the ComixTalk “ Most Read ” list places Ménage at # 23 : located only slightly below the venerable Sluggy Freelance and ahead of Shortpacked !
( reviewed here ) and Fanboys ( reviewed here ) ?
Inconceivable !
More baffling was that Mme. Lagacé ’s longer - term effort , Penny and Aggie ( reviewed here ) , did n’t even crack the Top 25 !
This could n’t be right , could it ?
Shameless smut trumping a drama about high school cliques ?
Absurd !
Turns out that a head - to - head comparison care of compete.com validates what I feared to be true : Ménage à 3 is now Mme.
Lagacé ’s flagship brand .
But surely , something is attracting the Ménage à 3 readership beyond the promise of unwrapped bosoms ?
I ’m sorry to report that the answer is “ No . ” ( Or “ Non ! ” , as the French - Canadian character would say . )
Ménage à 3 really is all about the boobies ( link Not Safe For Work ) .
We , the readers , are supposed to identify with Gary .
This is the sort of standard male lead you get in many sorts of harem anime : a four - eyed virgin full of naivety and innocence .
In a very North American twist , he ’s also total comic book nerd .
He ’s got an awe - shucks quality that ’s supposed to make you say , “ My , why does n’t a nice lad like him hook up with a gal who ’s sympathetic , understanding , and , overall , really really hot ? ”
Supposed being the operative word , here .
There ’s a difference between being a clean - cut protagonist and a boring milksop , and Gary falls in the latter category .
He just sort of floats from event to event , looking bewildered all the time .
There ’s an attempt in a recent story to flesh him out .
( Despite Gary telling Zii that he was a virgin in an early strip , by the way , he still seems shocked that she ’s privy to such information . )
Ménage reveals that his virginity is due to lingering guilt impressed into his psyche due to his oppressive religious background .
I ’m sorry , but I call foul .
So he ’s a virgin — which , and I do n’t mean to offend anyone , is a trait probably shared by a good percentage of the reader base — because he ’s psychologically damaged ?
Then why did we even establish him as a total nerd ?
Most writers would consider this reason enough .
Cliche , sure , but Lagacé and Zero1 are really just trading one cliche for another .
After his two homosexual roommates move out , Gary is joined by the other two member of the Ménage are Zii and Didi .
Zii is a tattooed punk rock girl who entertains all your fantasies about Avril Lavigne ( even if you detest her music her candy - colored definition of “ punk . ” )
She ’s defined by two characteristics : she ’s a bisexual , and she ’s what AV Club writer Nathan Rabin calls a “ Manic Pixie Girl . ”
In other words , a girl who “ exists solely in the fevered imaginations of sensitive writer - directors to teach broodingly soulful young men to embrace life and its infinite mysteries and adventures . ”
Zii is the wacky member of the trio : a merry , carefree prankster that makes you grind your teeth and shut your eyes tightly , hoping that , by sheer force of will , she and her shenanigans will go gently into the night .
( See also : every cloyingly cute teenage anime girl created . )
Didi is , more or less , an undeveloped caricature of what an idealistic sex object looks like .
Her personality is barely one - dimesional .
She ’s cheerful , giggly , and speaks with a crazy French - Canadian accent .
Also , she knows how to cook .
That ’s enough , apparently , to send both Gary and Zii into uncontrollable fits of primal lust .
She ’s also drawn to the proportions of a Robert Crumb female .
You know what I mean .
Big bazooms .
Interestingly enough , Lagacé tries to keep the body parametrics realistic .
Thus Didi is also drawn as something of a giantess , towering over her other two roommates .
The choices of Zii and Didi as our heroes ’ main objects of affection , is , how you say , rather unconventional .
While no doubt some of you find a bisexual Bratz doll and the personification of WWE wrestler Beth Phoenix to be the sexiest duo ever .
However , neither do it for me .
To me , personality counts more than looks to female cartoon characters , especially since you can always switch up your drawing style or hire a decent artist if you need to fix a gal ’s looks .
And both Zii and Didi are so uninteresting that they could join Gary in the much touted ménage à trois and I would n’t care one whit .
Not helping matters any are the plots , which strive to be a screwball sex comedy .
One plot has Zii and Gary fighting over a suntan lotion bottle for the rights to rub down Didi ’s expansive back .
Things devolve into “ wacky ” Looney Tunes shenanigans .
But like a smutty movie you might have managed to catch once upon a time on USA Network ’s Up All Night program , the sheer amount of shameless ( yet equal opportunity ) fanservice makes you feel more than a little dirty .
Then again , maybe I ’m looking at the comic in the wrong way .
The most explicit scenes in the comic involve man - on - man action .
And , on seperate occasions , characters have presumed both female leads to be men , while there has been some insinuation that Gary is gay .
This may be Mme. Lagacé ’s attempt to make yaoi more acceptible to mainstream readers by dangling a “ conventional ” relationship and snookering the readers with man love .
Not unlike that movie , Y tu mamá también .
As with her previous works , the main attraction is Mme.
Lagacé ’s art .
I prefer her work in page - size dimensions , like in Penny and Aggie .
Ménage à 3 is limited here to a four panel comic strip format .
Her art is still very attractive , one of the few webcomic artists practicing in manga style with a distinctive , personal signature .
Ménage couples clean , crisp lines with distinctly Western ( or in this case , Canadian ) fashions and styles .
Ménage à 3 suffers on two major counts .
First , Lagacé and Zero1 were trying too hard to make Gary a normal , relatable guy , and ultimately he ’s portrayed as too much of a loser to be a guy readers would care about .
Second , the two objects of affection , Zii and Didi , are too flat , and since neither can be seen as a desirable female , there ’s no romantic tension there at all .
“ Will they - wo n’t they ” does n’t exist because the relationships feel inevitable and robotic .
There ’s no chemistry .
I appreciate that Mme. Lagacé seems to have created Ménage à 3 as a silly , carefree alternative to the more somber , soul - searching tone that Penny and Aggie has become .
However , this is one breezy sex comedy is hardly breezy , not very romantic , and never funny .
Rating : 2 Stars ( out of 5 )
NOTE : Between you and me , half the fun of writing this article was coming up with all the outdated innuendos .
Powering learning environments worldwide
Available in over 100 languages , Moodle is trusted by organisations and institutions , large and small , with millions of users all over the world .
The fourth corpse pulled from the bullet - shattered pickup truck did n’t have the benefit of a body bag .
Only the face was covered ( with a useless bulletproof vest ) .
The victim ’s red shirt was even redder , soaked with blood .
His bare arm hung limply from a gurney as he was lifted to a wagon from the morgue , the toes of his boots pointed skyward , at odd angles .
He was one of five federal and state police agents killed in a brazen shootout Wednesday night on the city ’s prominent Emiliano Zapata Boulevard .
The officers were ambushed by gunmen in three vehicles who opened fire at an intersection outside an enormous casino called Play .
The shooters escaped .
Police , emergency workers and soldiers converged on the scene , as the casino ’s blue and purple neon lights blinked garishly over the dead men slumped in the cab and bed of the pocked pickup .
In all , 10 people were killed in Sinaloa state during a 24 - hour period ended Wednesday night , a deadly slice of the burgeoning Mexican drug war .
Nationwide , more than 4,000 people have been killed this year , according to Mexican media reports , many of them law enforcement agents doing battle with powerful drug gangs .
Sinaloa , a fertile state on the Pacific coast , has long been at the center of Mexico ’s drug trade .
It has become a hub of violence since President Felipe Calderon dispatched an army of soldiers and federal police to take on some of the biggest drug lords .
Advertisement
The alarming level of violence -- shootouts and kidnappings almost every day -- has sown panic and fear among a normally resilient citizenry .
“ To live in Culiacan is a risk , ” said Javier Valdez , a journalist and writer who hours before the killings addressed university students about the dangers of working here .
“ There is a psychosis -- you breathe it , live it , smell it , sweat it . ”
This week , grenades were hurled at the offices of Culiacan ’s largest - circulation newspaper , El Debate .
Although no one was hurt , the act was widely seen as a message of intimidation .
The slain police agents ( seven have been killed here in seven days ) were part of a unit dedicated to cracking down on the rampant streets sales of cocaine , marijuana and other narcotics .
They were ambushed a couple of blocks from their headquarters , shortly after they dropped off a suspect .
Two other federal police officers with the agents were seriously injured .
Advertisement
After the bodies were taken away and investigators from a variety of agencies ( some mistrustful of each other ) did their work , a tow truck operator began the task of hauling away the agents ’ vehicle , riddled by scores of high - caliber bullets , its tires flattened .
Suddenly , a white Honda Civic sped up , wheels screeching to a stop after somehow managing to penetrate police cordons .
Three women and two men jumped out .
They were relatives of one of the agents .
“ Mi hijo !
Mi hijo ! ” screamed one woman .
“ My son , my son ! ”
They cried and flailed their arms ; one of the men , a brother perhaps , beat the hood of his car with his fists .
“ Oh , no , no , no , ” he moaned .
Advertisement
“ Silence ! ” an officer in charge commanded .
“ Ladies , calm yourselves . ”
“ You do n’t understand , ” one of the younger women cried back .
“ Yes , ma’am , I do , ” he said .
Behind them , the tow truck cranked and wheezed as it heaved the pickup onto its flatbed .
Advertisement
Inconsolable , the family left for the morgue , one of dozens that have sprung up here and do brisk business .
The tow truck left as well , taking away its own casualty .
At the ambush site , the air smelled of spilled gasoline .
Three investigators in rubber gloves picked up spent shells , scattered for many feet , filling several plastic bags .
--
wilkinson@latimes.com
Advertisement
--
latimes.com
/ siege
Previous coverage of Mexico ’s drug war is available online .
NASHVILLE – Neither John McCain nor Barack Obama provided enough direct answers or personal , emotive moments during Tuesday night ’s debate , according to three audience members who posed questions to them , though Mr. Obama won quite a bit of goodwill by staying afterward to shake hands and sign autographs while Mr. McCain left .
Two of the audience members – a registered Republican who supported Hillary Rodham Clinton during the primaries , and an undecided independent who was leaning toward Mr. Obama – discussed their feelings about the debate in telephone interviews late Tuesday night and this morning .
A third described his impressions last night by phone , but asked not to be quoted .
The Republican , Lindsey Trella , a family business consultant , said she was disappointed that both men used her question – should health care be treated as a marketable commodity ?
– to lay out their own health care plans and take jabs at each other .
Neither gave her a Yes or No .
“ I came away thinking John McCain has a position that supports marketable health care , whereas I think Obama supports affordable health care in a universal sense though he was n’t really specific , ” Ms. Trella said .
“ Personally I do n’t think health care should be a marketable commodity – under the current system , too many people are excluded , and I think that ’s sad in this country . ”
What is more , neither candidate took advantage of the town hall format and tried to engage on a personal level with Ms. Trella , as Bill Clinton was famous for doing .
It turns out Ms. Trella has a compelling personal story :
She is a breast cancer survivor who lost her job and , under Cobra , saw her premiums rise to $ 800 a month before she eventually found work with insurance .
She has been a survivor for 12 years .
“ I was a little surprised that neither of them ever turned their answers into personal conversations , but I guess they were under time limits , ” Ms. Trella said .
Ms. Trella said that on the whole , she was more impressed with Mr. Obama during the debate , and that she now planned to vote for him .
“ Obama talked at one point about responsibility , Americans have acted responsibly or should do so , while government really has n’t – I liked that , ” she said .
“ McCain , I felt more like he went over points he had already made , and went over some set answers .
There was n’t anything he clarified , in terms of what he would do . ”
The independent who was leaning toward Mr. Obama , Ingrid Jackson , said she was also disappointed that the candidates did not specifically answer her question within the time frame that she sought .
Ms. Jackson asked at the debate , “ What you would do within the first two years to make sure that Congress moves fast as far as environmental issues , like climate change and green jobs ? ”
Again , both men delivered their talking points by highlighting the generalities of their plans without saying anything new , and took shots at each other ’s ideas .
Each said the environmental challenges for the nation were crucial , but neither offered a timetable of action that satisfied Ms. Jackson ’s sense of urgency .
“ Neither of them was direct enough , and there was a little bickering and back and forth that I did not like , that did not look good overall , ” Ms. Jackson said .
“ But we ’re toward the end of the election , I guess bickering is just how it ’s going to be . ”
She said she was most turned off by the moment when Mr. Obama asked the moderator , Tom Brokaw , for time to give a follow - up answer , and Mr. McCain interjected that if Mr. Obama received extra time , he should get it too .
“ That seemed really immature and snappish to me , ” she said .
Ms. Jackson , who is black , said she related more to Mr. Obama , especially his reference to his single mother at the end of the debate .
But she added that she is craving strong leadership most of all , and “ could definitely be swayed ” if she saw that from Mr. McCain .
She said she did not sense that last night , and planned to vote for Mr. Obama .
Both women , as well as the third audience member , were especially emphatic about their feelings on the two men ’s performance after the debate .
All three said that Mr. McCain shook hands with several audience members and then left fairly quickly .
Mr. Obama and his wife , Michelle , stuck around to shake far more hands , pose for pictures , sign autographs , and answer more questions , including from people who had been on stage but did not get a chance to ask their questions .
Only when Secret Service agents told them it was time to go did the couple leave ( upon which they headed for a post - debate fundraiser at Al and Tipper Gore ’s house nearby ) .
“ McCain leaving right afterward was pretty shocking to me – even some of the big McCain fans among us were really surprised he did that , ” Ms. Jackson said .
“ I thought the Obamas came off like real people much more in the end . ”
Ms. Trella added : for , “ I was very impressed that the Obamas stayed til the very end , shook everyone ’s hand , and just seemed very accessible .
I think they won some people over by just sticking around and seeming happy to talk more . ”
Bush hails Obama's ' historic ' triumph as America 's first black president prepares to unveil his team
President Bush today hailed the ' historic ' victory of his successor as Barack Obama prepared to unveil his team after being crowned America ’s first black president .
Just hours after his extraordinary victory , the 47 - year - old senator was already at work firming up key appointments .
And while Mr Obama remained closeted at home in Chicago , it was down to an uncharacteristically eloquent George W. Bush to express the sentiments of much of the nation .
Speaking in the White House Rose Garden , he described his successor 's triumph as ' a dream fulfilled ' .
Stunning win : President - elect Barack Obama kisses his wife Michelle after a landslide victory
Overwhelming : Mr Obama and his family are welcomed by 100,000 supporters at Grant Park , in Chicago
' No matter how they cast their ballots , all Americans can be proud of the history that was made yesterday , ' he continued .
' It will be a stirring sight to watch President Obama , his wife , Michelle and their beautiful girls step through the doors of the White House .
' I know millions of Americans will be overcome with pride at this inspiring moment that so many have waited for for so long . '
He said that Mr Obama 's election was a historic breakthrough in a country that has had monumental civil rights battles and promised full co-operation until his inauguration in January .
After a triumphal victory rally in his home city of Chicago last night , there was no sign of Mr Obama today .
Instead he was behind closed doors receiving security briefings and working on his ' cabinet ' .
He is expected to lean towards political heavyweights from the Clinton era , coupling gravitas with his relative inexperience .
John Podesta , a chief of staff under President Clinton , is said to have been working for a year with 50 experienced Washington advisers to vet potential secretaries of state and draw up a 50 - chapter blueprint for the new administration .
Congratulations : George Bush gives a brief statement about Mr Obama 's victory
Among the leading contenders to head the US Treasury are Laurence Summers , who was President Clinton ’s last Treasury Secretary , Paul Volcker , a former Federal Reserve chairman and Tim Geithner , president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York .
Democrat insiders say Mr Obama is considering asking President Bush ’s current Defence Secretary Robert Gates to stay on in the post .
The short list for Secretary of State includes unsuccessful 2004 presidential candidate John Kerry and New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson .
There ’s unlikely to be a role for Hillary Clinton unless she ’s interested in spearheading a healthcare initiative , but another woman , Kansas Governor Kathleen Sebelius , is being tipped as a potential Energy or Education Secretary .
Congressman Rahm Emanuel , an outspoken former Clinton aide , is likely to be Mr Obama ’s White House chief - of - staff .
Moments after the polls closed in California , Mr Obama was hailed the winner of the state 's 55 electoral votes - taking him over the 270 total needed to capture the presidency .
He told a crowd of 100,000 supporters in Chicago it was time to put ' hands on the arc of history and bend it once more to the hope of a better day .
He said he had received an ' extraordinarily gracious ' call from McCain , who he said had ' fought long and hard ' for this campaign and for his country .
' We are better off for the service rendered by this brave and selfless leader , ' he said of the former Vietnam prisoner of war .
' I congratulate him , I congratulate Governor ( Sarah ) Palin for all that they 've achieved .
' And I look forward to working with them to renew this nation 's promise in the month 's ahead . '
He paid tribute to his running mate Joe Biden and said he would not be standing on stage tonight without 'my best friend of the past 16 years , the rock of our family , the love of my life , the nation 's next first lady , Michelle Obama ' .
' Sasha and Malia , I love you both more than you can imagine and you have earned the new puppy that 's coming with us to the White House , ' he said to cheers from the crowd .
First family : Mr Obama with his daughters Natasha , second left , and Malia , and his wife Michelle wave to the crowd after he delivered his address yesterday morning
Obama embraces his daughter Malia .
The Democrat defeated Republican presidential candidate John McCain to become the 44th President of the United States and the first black president in US history
He also said he knew his 86 - year - old grandmother Madelyn Dunham , who helped raise him but died of cancer late on Sunday night , would be watching .
He said his campaign ' began in the backyards of Des Moines ( Iowa ) ' and was built by working men and women ' who dug into what little savings they had ' to give small donations to the campaign .
' It grew strength from the young people who rejected the myth of their generation 's apathy , who left their homes and their families for jobs that offered little pay and less sleep .
' It grew strength from the not - so - young people who braved the bitter cold and scorching heat to knock on doors of perfect strangers .
' And from the millions of Americans who volunteered and organised and proved that more than two centuries later a government of the people , by the people and for the people has not perished from the earth . '
' This is your victory . '
Obama told those whose support he had not won : ' I hear your voices , I need your help and I will be your president too . '
He told those watching outside the US that ' our stories are singular but our destiny is shared .
' The new dawn of America leadership is at hand , ' he said .
' To those who would tear the world down , we will defeat you .
' To those who seek peace and security , we support you .
' And to all those who have wondered if American 's beacon still burns as bright , tonight we 've proved once more that the true strength of our nation comes not from the might of our arms or the scale of our wealth but from the enduring power of our ideals , democracy , liberty , opportunity and unyielding hope .
' That 's the true genius of America . '
By 4.30 am , Obama had collected 333 electoral votes to Mr McCain 's 155 .
Loser and winner : A Republican listens to John McCain , who conceded the election to Barack Obama , while a California Democrat cries tears of joy
The result comes as a historic landmark in America ’s struggle from the shackles of slavery to the segregation of the Deep South in the 1960s to finally achieving civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr’s ‘ dream ’ with Americans of all colours and creeds voting a black man into the White House .
He won a flurry of East Coast states before breaking through with key wins in battleground states like Ohio , Pennsylvania and Virginia .
Always facing an uphill struggle , McCain knew his fading hopes of a dramatic comeback were lost after being defeated in Ohio because no Republican has ever won the presidency without capturing the state .
Michelle Obama and Jill Biden arrive onstage after Obama 's acceptance speech in Chicago
Television talk show host Oprah Winfrey dances during a victory celebration for President - elect Obama in Chicago
Obama was also the projected winner in Connecticut , Delaware , Washington DC , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , New Jersey , New Hampshire , New York , Rhode Island , Michigan , Wisconsin , Minnesota , Vermont , Iowa , California and his home state of Illinois .
McCain won as expected in South Carolina , Kentucky , Alabama , Wyoming , North Dakota , Kentucky , Utah , Arkansas , Texas , Mississippi , Tennessee and Oklahoma , all states with heavy Republican support .
But he could not bring off any surprises or encroach on Democrat territory .
The crestfallen Arizona senator officially conceded defeat at the Biltmore Hotel in Phoenix , Arizona , as a huge crowd at Chicago 's Grant Park celebrated and waited for Obama 's victory speech .
' My friends , we have come to the end of a long journey .
The American people have spoken and they have spoken clearly , ' he said .
What the papers say : A selection of New York newspapers leave no doubt about Mr Obama 's overwhelming victory
McCain said he called Obama and congratulated him on becoming the 44th American president .
He said his opponent inspired the " hopes of millions of Americans " .
' This is a historic election .
I recognise the special significance it has for African Americans , " he added .
He said the memory of past racial injustices still has the ' power to wound , '
But he added : ' Let there be no reason now for any American to fail to cherish their citizenship in this , the greatest nation on earth . '
Senator Obama ' achieved a great thing for himself and his country ' .
McCain pledged to do ' all in my power ' to hep America through ' these challenging time ' and urged his supporters to come together to help the new president lead the country .
' Whatever out differences we are fellow Americans , ' he added .
Real - time election results :
State - by - state : Click on the map to see the results of the election in real - time
' We fought as hard as we could and although we fell short , the failure is mine , not yours , he told the crowd before thanking running mate Sarah Palin as ' one of the greatest campaigners I have ever seen ' .
' We can all look forward with great interest to her future service to Alaska , the republican Party and our country . '
' Tonight , more than any night , I hold nothing but love for this country and all of its citizens .
I wish God 's speed to the man who was my former opponent and will be the president of the United States . '
The Republicans election day drubbing dashed any frail hopes McCain had of staging a comeback after falling further and further behind in the polls on the final leg of the marathon campaign .
At age 72 , it sounded the death knell for his long and distinguished political career , while aides said running mate Palin , 44 , was considering a push to win the Republican Party candidacy for the next election in 2012 .
Gordon Brown this morning welcomed Barack Obama 's election and said he was looking forward to working with him .
The Prime Minister said the Democratic senator ran an ' inspirational campaign , energising politics with his progressive values and his vision for the future ' .
Conservative leader David Cameron today said Mr Obama was the first of a new generation of world leaders .
' In electing Barack Obama , America has made history and proved to the world that it is a nation eager for change , ' he said .
' This is an important moment not just for America but for the world .
' Barack Obama 's victory will give people a new opportunity to look at the United States and see her for what I believe she is - a beacon of opportunity , freedom and democracy . '
In America President George Bush phoned Mr Obama to congratulate him on winning the presidency .
He told him : ' What an awesome night for you , your family and your supporters . '
He added : ' You are about to go on one of the great journeys of life .
Congratulations and go enjoy yourself .'
Poll
Do you think Barack Obama will be a better or worse president than George Bush ?
Better Worse
Do you think Barack Obama will be a better or worse president than George Bush ?
Better 28028 votes
Worse 7574 votes
Now share your opinion
In churches and bars , on the street and in private homes , African Americans celebrated the historic victory of Democrat Barack Obama in the U.S. presidential race with cheers and tears on Tuesday .
' This is definitely history in the making , ' said elementary school teacher Sheneka Mayes , 32 , in Atlanta .
' This night will be burned into my memory and into the memory of my children . '
In Chicago 's Grant Park , tens of thousands of Obama supporters erupted into cheers at the victory while they waited for him to appear .
The Rev. Jesse Jackson , the civil rights leader who had twice sought the Democratic nomination , stood in the throng , tears streaming down his cheeks .
Thousands watched a giant screen in New York 's Times Square .
Thousands more watched a big screen set up on 125th street in Harlem , New York , dubbed the unofficial capital of black America .
In Atlanta , a crowd held a candlelight vigil at the tomb of slain civil rights leader Martin Luther King , setting the election firmly in the context of the movement in the 1950s and 1960s to end racial segregation and win the right to vote for black Americans in the South .
The Rev. Jesse Jackson weeps as CNN 's prediction of the election of Barack Obama is broadcast in Grant Park
At King 's old church , Ebenezer Baptist , deafening cheers greeted the announcement of Obama 's victory .
Thousands had awaited the results listening to thumping gospel music from a choir dressed in black and watching two giant TV screens scrolling results on CNN .
After several minutes of celebration , Pastor Raphael Warnock quieted the crowd and prayed : ' On the night before King was assassinated , he said : ' I have been to the mountain top , I have looked over and I have seen the promised land .
I may not get there with you , '' said Warnock in a quote from one of King 's most famous speeches .
' Tonight we have seized the promise of America , ' Warnock said .
The result was all the sweeter because it answered fears that weeks of opinion polls giving Obama a lead against McCain might have overestimated his support among the country 's white majority .
' This is a great night .
This is an unbelievable night , ' said U.S. Rep.
John Lewis of Georgia , who was brutally beaten by police in Selma , Alabama , during a voting rights march in 1968 .
' Tonight we can celebrate and thank God almighty .
Martin Luther King must be looking down from the heavens and saying ' hallelujah , '' Lewis said .
Well done : President Bush telephones his successor to congratulate him
But the celebrations were not entirely religious in nature .
In San Francisco , Nic Horton sprang ran out of a bar with a cell phone glued to his ear moments after networks called Obama the winner .
' Who 's your president now , Mom ? '
He shouted jubilantly into the phone .
In Philadelphia , Michael Coard , a 43 - year - old black lawyer , said he was so excited by the election that he took a picture of himself inside the voting booth , casting his vote for Obama .
' I feel rejuvenated , ' he said .
' This is the best vote I 've ever cast in my life . '
In Tampa , Florida , cheers and applause broke out in a crowded bar as CNN called the race for Obama .
The blare of cars honking outside wafted through the bar 's open front door .
' It 's a landslide !
It 's a landslide ! ' shouted 51 - year - old Mark Bias , who was dressed in a tall satin Uncle Sam hat and red , white and blue cape .
' This means that America will be back on the right track again , ' said Bias , who co-owns what he described as a ' gay pride ' shop .
' What it really means for the country is that there 's going to be a major change in the direction ... ( for ) the priorities of the regular person , and not just the wealthy , ' said
Carrie West , 54 , as bar patrons chanted ' O - ba - ma , O - ba - ma , O - ba-ma . '
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Interior Department said on Friday it took disciplinary action against government workers who had sex , used drugs and took gifts from employees of regulated oil and gas companies .
The punishments stem from an investigation by the department ’s inspector general , who found there was “ a culture of substance abuse and promiscuity ” among employees at the department ’s Minerals Management Service , which handles billions of dollars in oil and natural gas supplies that are turned over by companies as in - kind royalty payments for drilling on federal lands .
The scandal shocked Congress , which held several hearings on the matter and proposed legislation to clean up the agency .
Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne testified at the time that he was “ outraged ” by the government workers accused of wrongdoing and their “ abuse of the public trust . ”
The disciplinary measures ranged from a letter of warning and reprimand up to and including permanent reassignment from the agency ’s royalty - in - kind program , suspension without pay , demotion to a lower pay grade and being fired .
The MMS did not name the employees who were punished .
MMS Director Randall Luthi said on Friday the behavior of some agency employees “ was clearly inappropriate and warranted strong administrative action ( but ) the vast majority of our employees take great pride in the service they perform for our nation , and perform that service with a high degree of professionalism . ”
During his two - year investigation , Inspector General Earl Devaney said , about a dozen MMS workers in the royalty - in - kind program took cocaine and marijuana and had “ illicit sexual encounters . ”
Government workers also got drunk at social events with employees of oil companies doing business with the agency and MMS workers had “ brief sexual relationships ” with industry contacts , he said .
The oil companies named in the inspector general ’s report were Chevron , Shell Oil and Gary Williams Energy Corp .
Hess Corp was accused of providing gifts to MMS employees .
Devaney told Congress “ there probably were some losses ” in royalty money that should have been paid by the companies , but he had no idea how much .
In addition to punishing the employees , other steps the MMS has taken to clean up its royalty - in - kind program include improving record - keeping , strengthening internal controls and enhancing the ethics program for workers .
Report : North Carolina cops investigated for possible racial slurs against Obama RAW STORY
Published : Friday November 14 , 2008
Print This Email This Police in Durham , NC , are investigating derogatory and potentially racist Web postings from at least two of their officers directed at Barack Obama .
Details of the investigation remain murky , and Durham 's chief of police has insisted that a " racial slur " is not the subject of the investigation , but civil rights groups are demanding more information .
The local NAACP says police need to release copies of the Web postings , which appeared on officers ' MySpace or Facebook pages .
" We want to know if there will be transparency about those comments to the community and what disciplinary action if any will be taken against these officers , " Durham 's NAACP president Fred Foster Jr. told a local newspaper .
" We believe that if these comments are against people of color , then it will be hard for those officers to serve and protect without prejudice and that they should not be allowed to wear the uniform representing public trust . "
The investigation began last week , according to the Charlotte News & Observer , but police are not releasing the names of the officers involved or the contents of the messages .
" There 's no exact words that were said , " said Police Chief Jose L. Lopez Sr. told the paper .
" It was n't a racial slur , but we 're still investigating it . "
Since being nominated as John McCain 's vice - president , Sarah Palin has reiterated what has become a consistent theme for her in this campaign : because of the birth of her son , Trig , with Down syndrome , four months ago , she would be an advocate for children with disabilities .
But Palin has not offered an agenda for special needs children .
Palin first rolled out her disability appeal to great applause at the Republican National Convention when she said : " To the families of special - needs children all across this country , I have a message :
For years , you sought to make America a more welcoming place for your sons and daughters .
I pledge to you that if we are elected , you will have a friend and advocate in the White House . "
During last week 's debate with Joe Biden , when asked what areas she would focus on as vice - president , she again raised the issue of children with disabilities .
" John McCain and I have had good conversations about where I would lead with his agenda , " Palin said .
" That is energy independence in America and reform of government over all , and then working with families of children with special needs .
That 's near and dear to my heart also . "
But what does that really mean ?
Advocates for people with disabilities can point to plenty of areas where they see a need for greater government support : healthcare , special education , protection from discrimination in the workplace .
But Palin has neither championed these issues in the past nor made specific pledges to address them now .
Jim Dickson , vice - president for government affairs of the American Association of People with Disabilities ( AAPD ) , says he has " mixed feelings " , about Palin 's highlighting of disability issues in her convention speech .
" I was very moved by what she said , " said Dickson .
" But Trig is only four months old .
She does n't know what she 's in for .
She has no prior record in terms of her mayor 's role or governor 's role on disability issues .
Nothing stands out . "
For instance , the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act , the federal law that mandates equal educational opportunity for children with disabilities , has been consistently under - funded since its passage in 1975 , according to education experts .
But the McCain campaign does not propose any increase in overall federal education funding .
And his bullet point plan makes no mention of special education .
Obama calls for fully funding IDEA as part of his eight - page disability platform ( pdf ) .
In general , disability rights advocates give both campaigns high marks for unprecedented outreach to the disability community .
For the first time , both have staffers dedicated to cultivating the disability vote , and both have pledged to appoint a White House staffer to focus on disability issues .
The one issue where there is a major distinction , and disability advocates side with Obama , is the Community Choice Act .
That bill , proposed by senator Tom Harkin and co-sponsored by Obama , would make government funds for institutional care available for home - based services so that more disabled people could remain in their homes .
McCain opposes the bill because of concerns about cost .
Palin , meanwhile , has come under fire for not supporting a bill that would have expanded children 's health insurance in Alaska .
This does not mean that the McCain - Palin ticket has a desultory record on disability issues .
Though Palin lays claim to the issue , McCain is actually the half of the ticket with a record of leadership on disability rights .
McCain was an original co-sponsor of the landmark anti-discrimination law , the Americans with Disabilities Act ( ADA ) .
Dickson also praised McCain for having supported legislation to open voting accessibility to people with disabilities .
McCain and Obama both supported the ADA Amendment Act , a bipartisan bill that just passed Congress , which will help clarify the protections in the ADA .
There are plenty of ways , from IDEA funding to expanded health coverage to Community Choice , that Palin could promise to serve the interests of people with disabilities .
But so far Palin 's pledge to lead on disability issues because of her personal connection to the community has not been developed into more than mere rhetoric .
And unless she specifies what exactly she would do for disabled children as vice - president , she risks creating the impression that all she is really seeking with that rhetoric is political reward .
Everything we create is designed to respond instantly to our whims but what if our world were set up like the game Myst .
You could n’t do anything without solving a convoluted , yet simple puzzle first .
Thats the idea behind this math based lamp by designer Mingyu Jeung .
To turn it on , you have to solve a randomly generated math problem .
Do n’t fret , it ’s set on chalkboard for the numerically challenged .
Designer : Mingyu Jeung
Climate change is n't just about temperature .
The main driver is the return to the atmosphere of millions of years worth of sequestered carbon in the form of carbon dioxide released from the burning of fossil fuels , but that CO 2 does n't just increase the heat retention of the atmosphere ; it also dissolves into the oceans .
Unfortunately , a paper published in PNAS this week examines this effect and finds that it 's happening faster than previously predicted .
As you may remember from early chemistry lessons , when CO 2 dissolves in water it decreases the pH , thereby making the water more acidic .
The problem with this is that marine organisms have evolved over time to tolerate a quite narrow pH band .
For those organisms that like to wear their skeletons on the outside , it 's seriously bad news .
Shellfish , coccolithophores , corals , and many others beside have external shells or skeletons made of calcium carbonate .
As the oceans acidify , it becomes harder to form these shells or skeletons , and existing ones begin to dissolve .
Sadly , that 's exactly what we 're seeing , with huge consequences for marine ecosystems that are already ravaged by pollution and massive overfishing .
The authors of the new paper , a team from the University of Chicago , measured the pH of coastal waters around Tatoosh island , off the coast of Washington in the Pacific Northwest .
Over the course of eight years , they made nearly 25,000 measurements , and their data reveals aspects of oceanic pH regulation that were previously unknown .
In contrast to the prevailing theory that oceans represent a stable , well - buffered solution , the scientists discovered that there was a distinct diurnal cycle .
pH would fall during the day as photosynthesis occurred , but then increased ( as much as 0.25 points ) at night when photosynthesis stopped .
That much is both new and interesting .
What 's also new , but much more worrying , is the trend over time .
Across the eight years of the study , the authors found that marine pH was decreasing much faster than simulations predicted .
In fact , this decrease is around an order of magnitude faster .
With marine habitats already under extreme environmental stress , this is the last thing they need .
The team also monitored the populations of local shellfish and algae ; the former declined as pH fell , while the latter benefited .
The research suggests that we need to move away from our current practice of adding billions of tons of carbon dioxide to the atmosphere each year .
Fortunately , there are a number of good plans out there , such as Google 's Clean Energy 2030 , but does the worldwide political will exist to implement any of them ?
Further reading :
Chat Wrap :
• Download MP3
PITTSBURGH --
The city that once defined rust belt decay might show the rest of the nation how to weather a recession .
When steel and heavy manufacturing vanished a quarter - century ago , Pittsburgh lost 200,000 jobs in three years .
Hulks of deserted mills , their furnaces dead - cold , glowered from the banks of the city 's three rivers like the eerie stone faces on Easter Island .
Young people fled , turning the town 's fabled black - and - gold color scheme to gray .
Fast - forward 25 years .
As most of the nation reels in debt and despair , Pittsburgh is on the move : A new $ 200 million downtown office tower , upscale condos , a casino , a new hockey arena and a riverfront convention center .
Its air and water are clean , and its waterfront is lined with bike trails and entertainment complexes .
Six Fortune 500 firms hang their hats here .
Carnegie Mellon University serves as a magnet for some of the world 's best and brainiest young people .
A downtown cultural district boasts 14 blocks of theaters , restaurants and galleries .
Macy's and Saks Fifth Avenue anchor a growing downtown shopping corridor .
Foreclosures declined 20 percent compared with a year ago , and home prices are steady .
Last year , Places Rated Almanac named Pittsburgh America 's most livable city .
Forbes magazine included it among the world 's 10 cleanest cities .
Kiplinger 's Personal Finance rated Pittsburgh among the 10 smartest cities to live and work in .
An affiliate of the Financial Times called it one of North America 's top three cities of the future .
Even the beloved Steelers , who won four Super Bowls during the salad days of the ' 70s , are back among the National Football League elite .
And as they dominate the rival Browns on the gridiron , Pittsburgh seems to be colonizing Cleveland on other playing fields .
Last month , the Pittsburgh - based PNC Financial Services Group gobbled up National City Corp .
Then , Howard Hanna Real Estate Services grabbed Real Living Realty
One , giving the Pittsburgh - based firm nearly 40 percent of Northeast Ohio 's home sales .
Oglebay Norton Co. , a fixture in Cleveland for 154 years , shuttered its headquarters this year and moved about 50 employees to Pittsburgh .
The storied minerals company had once hired John D. Rockefeller and had owned the Edmund Fitzgerald , the freighter that sank in Lake Superior .
Giant Eagle now dominates Northeast Ohio with 95 supermarkets and 52 convenience stores and gas stations .
The grocery chain is based in -- you guessed it -- Pittsburgh .
" The reports over and over again say things are not good , but there 's good news taking place here , " said Pittsburgh 's 28 - year - old mayor , Luke Ravenstahl .
" People are moving here .
We continue to be well - positioned to survive an economic downturn . "
Analysts say the boom is occurring -- at least in part -- because the city already had its bust .
The loss of heavy industry in the early 1980s forced Pittsburgh to diversify its economic base .
As was the case with Cleveland , health and education emerged as the new sources for breadwinner jobs .
But Pittsburgh also managed to attract and nurture entrepreneurs specializing in global markets for technology , research and development and environmental science .
" The diversity of the economy in Pittsburgh puts us in a better place than many cities in the country , " said Mike Langley , chief executive of the Allegheny Conference on Community Development , a nonprofit , private - sector development group .
" We 've been through and worked through problems .
It 's actually kind of hardened us like steel . "
The bust also caused a seemingly disastrous -- but ultimately beneficial -- shift in demographics .
When the jobs left Pittsburgh , so did a generation of baby boomers .
Today , that void has been filled by " millennials " -- those 27 years old and younger .
It 's no accident that Pittsburgh is one of the few cities to offer free Wi -Fi within its borders .
Meanwhile , the city 's substantial elderly population , living on the safety net of Social Security , pensions and Medicare , is less affected by a recession than younger working folks .
" The city has done a remarkable job of reinventing itself because it had to , " said Michael Edwards , president and CEO of the Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership , a nonprofit group that works with businesses , civic organizations , foundations and elected leaders on developing the city 's 100 - block downtown .
" We 're trying to build a city for the future . "
Much of that future is moored in the past .
The Pittsburgh Technology Center , an office park on the site of a former Jones & Laughlin steel mill , is a research hub employing 1,000 people and one of the best examples of brownfield redevelopment in the nation .
U.S. Steel Corp. is spending $ 1.2 billion to turn its aging Clairton Coke Works in the gritty Mon Valley into a site producing specialty metals and tubing .
The project will reduce emissions , create 600 construction jobs and guarantee continued employment for the mill 's 1,300 workers .
Westinghouse Electric Co. is hiring 1,000 engineers in suburban Cranberry Township to build 33 nuclear reactors around the world .
And General Electric and the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center are joining forces to open 25 cancer - care centers in Asia , Europe and the Middle East .
Even the city 's iconic hometown beer , Iron City , has a new lease on life .
The 147 - year - old brewery , the nation 's third - oldest , went into bankruptcy in 2006 after it could n't pay its water bill .
Private investors , helped by a state economic development grant , rescued the business .
It 's now a smaller , leaner operation , but 100 jobs were saved and the suds still flow .
" Folks here in Pittsburgh do n't want to see the brand go away , " said Timothy Hickman , Iron City 's new president .
" It 's part of the roots and fabric of this town . "
Developers are turning some of those roots into upscale digs for well - heeled city dwellers .
In the Strip District , an ecclectic mix of produce stands , dance clubs and boutiques on the banks of the Allegheny River , the long - forgotten Armstrong Cork Co. building has been transformed into the trendy Cork Factory loft apartments .
Nearby , the old Otto Milk Co. building is now the new Otto Milk Condos : 60 one - , two - and three - bedroom units going for $ 183,000 to $ 1.3 million .
They are the kinds of fashionable addresses that attract couples such as John and Nasrin Jordan .
The Jordans , who are both managed - care consultants , enjoy the excitement and culture of downtown but tired of the hourlong drive between the city and their home in Upper Burrell .
When Pittsburgh began offering generous tax abatements for new downtown housing , the Jordans were among the first in line .
They settled on a place in 941 Penn Ave. , a refurbished 10 - story building with 18 luxury condos about a block from the city 's new convention center .
" We were looking toward the future , " said Nasrin Jordan .
" We spend a lot of time downtown .
We love the city , and we love being here . "
Jack Benoff , the Philadelphia - based developer of both Otto Milk and 941 Penn Ave. , said downtown Pittsburgh is an economic hothouse in which investments like his can bloom into profits .
Benoff said his 941 Penn Ave. , which has n't yet opened , has all but one unit sold .
" I looked at Columbus also , but I liked Pittsburgh , " Benoff said .
" The city is just great to work with .
The only skeptical people , to be truthful , were the banks . "
There are other skeptics , to be sure .
While acknowledging Pittsburgh 's considerable gains , some observers say the city is far from recession - proof .
Like Cleveland , Pittsburgh is losing population .
Vacant storefronts still mar Fifth and Forbes avenues , two major downtown arteries .
A recent police crackdown in the downtown Market Square netted 117 arrests in a single month , but crime remains a problem in many neighborhoods .
And while it 's true that housing values in Pittsburgh have n't fallen the way they have in the rest of the country , its also true that there never really was a housing boom here .
" When you dig into the numbers , it does n't seem that different from Cleveland , " said David Bergholz , former executive director of the Cleveland - based George Gund Foundation and someone who has lived and worked in both cities .
" Cut away some of the froth , and it 's hard to see where they are better positioned . "
Critics also point out that not all Pittsburghers have shared in their city 's successes .
Most data show black residents of the city face far more severe poverty than any other racial group .
In many cases , the quality of life for blacks in Pittsburgh is below national averages , according to a 2007 study by the University of Pittsburgh 's Center on Race and Social Problems .
One reason for the gap : Bigger cities like Detroit and Washington have a larger , more politically active black middle class that can push for policy change .
Still , Bergholz and others acknowledge a growing gulf between Pittsburgh and Cleveland in at least one area : Higher education .
Once neighborhood rivals , Carnegie Mellon and Pitt are now collaborative partners , twin forces in research , science and technology .
The University of Pittsburgh Medical Center , a $ 7 billion health - care conglomerate , is the city 's largest employer with 50,000 workers and hospitals in Ireland , Italy and Qatar .
Seventy - five miles south , West Virginia University gives the region a third first - tier research institution .
" You do n't have an equivalent of Pitt in Cleveland , " Bergholz said .
" It 's a big engine , both regionally and nationally . "
So is Carnegie Mellon .
The university 's Heinz College was the first in the nation to require its public - policy curriculum to include information technology courses .
Google chose the university as a site for one of its research and development offices .
Recent CMU grads started a nonprofit company that plants sunflowers in abandoned urban fields and converts oil from the flowers into clean - burning biodiesel fuel .
The firm , which has 100 volunteers , began as a research project .
" We attract a group of talented students from all over the world who impact all aspects of the community , " said Ann English , senior director of operations at Heinz College .
Locals admit that the city 's unusual topography -- a bad dream for out - of - town drivers -- has been a catalyst for the city 's revival .
Crisscrossed by the famous three rivers and surrounded by steep hills , Pittsburgh 's downtown is compact .
An unusually high percentage of the region 's residents work downtown , and half of them use public transportation to get there .
But the political landscape is equally important .
A few years ago , Allegheny County scrapped its creaky system of three elected commissioners , opting instead for a county executive .
The setup is imperfect , but the streamlined system appears to be blending well with Ravenstahl , who has worked hard to forge ties with the county 's 127 other municipalities .
That cooperative approach extends beyond the county 's boundaries .
As part of a 10 - county regional coalition , Allegheny County 's interests do n't go unnoticed in Harrisburg .
" When we put our political muscle together , we have more votes than Philadelphia , " said Richard Stafford , a professor at Heinz College and former CEO of the Allegheny Conference .
Stafford said that regional cooperation mirrors the city 's ability to persuade diverse and powerful interests -- gray - haired CEOs , union bosses and deep - pocketed philanthropic leaders -- to row in the same direction .
" If you improve government , education and your infrastructure , at some point you will turn things around , " Stafford said .
" It 's almost a mathematical certainty . "
That turnaround is most obvious to the people who live and work here .
Karen Duganier , a commercial contract manager who lives in Pittsburgh but spends substantial time in Cleveland , said the Steel City has done the better job of remaking itself for a new economy .
" Pittsburgh made the transition , " Duganier said .
" They adjusted to change better than Cleveland . "
• Live chat : Chat with reporter Scott Stephens about this story live Monday at 11 a.m .
Foraminifer found in amber
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Marine microorganisms have been found in amber dating from the middle of the Cretaceous period .
The fossils were collected in Charente , in France .
This completely unexpected discovery will deepen our understanding of these lost marine species as well as providing precious data about the coastal environment of Western France during the Cretaceous .
This work was carried out by researchers at the Géosciences Rennes laboratory ( CNRS / Université de Rennes 1 ) , together with researchers from the Paléobiodiversité et Paléoenvironnement laboratory in Paris ( CNRS / Muséum national d'histoire naturelle / Université Pierre et Marie Curie ) and the Centre de Géochimie de la Surface in Strasbourg ( CNRS / Université de Strasbourg 1 ) .
It was published in the 11 November 2008 issue of PNAS .
Amber is a fossil resin with a reputation for preserving even the most minute details of insects and other terrestrial arthropods ( spiders , scorpions , mites ) that lived in resiniferous trees .
The forest - based provenance of amber in theory makes it impossible for marine animals to be trapped in the resin .
Nonetheless , researchers from the Géosciences Rennes laboratory have discovered various inclusions of marine plankton in amber from the Mid-Cretaceous ( 100 to 98 million years BP ) .
These micro-organisms are found in just a few pieces of amber among the thousands that have been studied , but show a remarkable diversity : unicellular algae , mainly diatoms found in large numbers , traces of animal plankton , such as radiolaria and a foraminifer , spiny skeletons of sponges and of echinoderms .
Carried out together with researchers at the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle , the study of diatoms pushed back by 10 to 30 million years the known date for the appearance of certain marine forms of this type of algae .
This new information , taken together with recent data on molecular phylogeny , marks a huge advance in our understanding of the complex evolutionary history of diatoms .
The presence of these marine organisms in the amber is an ecological paradox .
How did these marine species become stuck and then trapped in the conifers ' resin ?
The most likely scenario is that the forest producing the amber was very close to the coast , potentially shrouded by plankton - bearing mist or flooded by sea water during storms .
The preservation of marine organisms in amber is an exceptional asset , allowing us to deepen our understanding of these lost species and to have a clear idea about the coastal environment of Western France during the Cretaceous .
Citation : Evidence for marine microfossils from amber , V. Girard , A. R. Schmidt , S. Saint Martin , S. Struwe , V. Perrichot , J - P. Saint Martin , D. Grosheny , G. Breton and D. Néraudeau , PNAS , 11 November 2008 .
Provided by CNRS
Explore further The Ilopango volcanic eruption that shocked the Maya 's civilization 1590 years ago
There 's job talk in Little Rock , about who will be Secretary of the Treasury , chief of staff , Attorney General .
And there 's job talk across the country , too , among many women .
Here 's the question :
Now that we have a First Woman as educated , intelligent , superachieving and policy - savvy as her husband , what do we do with her ?
" Promise me she wo n't talk about cookies anymore , " moaned a woman in Philadelphia .
" She did what she had to do to get him elected , " said another in New York .
" Now let 's give her a real job . "
And a circle of professional women in San Jose , Calif. , erupted at a question about what Hillary Clinton should not do in the White House :
" I do n't want her to keep her mouth shut . "
" Forget the photo ops . "
" I do n't want her to make hospital visits -- I want her to make policy so that all sick kids will get good care . "
" The thing is , " said one finally , " we feel so strongly about it because she 's one of us . "
One of us .
So much of the discussion about Hillary Clinton has not been about her at all .
It has been about how we feel about smart women , professional women , new women .
It 's been about nurturing moms and working moms and what we do for love , including keeping our mouths shut .
We want her to make the world safe , not only for education reform and preschool programs , but for opinionated women who want to be taken seriously .
To do that , she has to do something .
If you ’re like most people , you do n’t really know what ’s going on with the economy .
You know there ’s something to do with loans and payments and what not , but not much else .
Mint ( the financial management app ) and Wallstats ( the guy who does the Death and Taxes poster ) put together a “ visual guide to the financial crisis ” – or a flow chart , rather – to clear up some of those cloudy details .
It goes back to 2003 after the dot - com crash up to the recent government bailout .
[ Thanks , Max ]
Experts suspect the mother passed the disease to her baby shortly after birth
The 9,000 - year - old remains of a mother and her baby discovered off the coast of Israel provide the earliest concrete evidence of human TB , say researchers .
The bones were excavated from Alit - Yam , an ancient Neolithic village near Haifa , which has been submerged in the Mediterranean for thousands of years .
The experts from University College London and Tel - Aviv University used DNA technology to confirm the bacterium .
Others have found remains that hint at TB dating from about 500,000 years ago .
However , there is no firm proof that the tell tale signs seen in the skeleton of a young man believed to belong to the first human species to migrate out of Africa - Homo erectus - were in fact caused by TB .
Some experts doubt it .
Watery grave
The Israel bones , discovered during an excavation carried out by the Israeli Antiquities Authority , prove the disease is at least 3,000 years older than previously confirmed in other remains found in Italy .
The watery grave provided the ideal environment to preserve the skeleton and its DNA .
What is fascinating is that the infecting organism is definitely the human strain of tuberculosis , in contrast to the original theory that human TB evolved from bovine TB after animal domestication
Dr Donoghue The Atlit - Yam site was located within marshland , the graves were encased in clay , eventually covered by thick layer of sand and later by salt water , protecting the bones from decay .
The size of the infant 's bones , and the extent of TB damage , suggest the mother passed the disease to her baby shortly after birth .
They lived around the time of the first great transition of man from hunter - gatherers to a settled agriculture - based lifestyle .
One theory is that TB originally spread from cattle to humans .
But these latest findings , published in PLoS One journal , suggest human TB predates bovine TB .
Investigator Dr Helen Donoghue said : " What is fascinating is that the infecting organism is definitely the human strain of tuberculosis , in contrast to the original theory that human TB evolved from bovine TB after animal domestication .
" This gives us the best evidence yet that in a community with domesticated animals but before dairying , the infecting strain was actually the human pathogen .
The remains were submerged in the Mediterranean sea .
Photograph by Josef Galili
" The presence of large numbers of animal bones shows that animals were an important food source , and this probably led to an increase in the human population that helped the TB to be maintained and spread . "
The scientists were also able to show that the DNA of the strain of TB in the skeletons had lost a particular piece of DNA which is characteristic of a common family of strains present in the world today .
" The fact that this deletion had occurred 9,000 years ago gives us a much better idea of the rate of change of the bacterium over time , and indicates an extremely long association with humans , " said Dr Donoghue .
Dr Simon Mays , skeletal biologist at English Heritage 's Centre for Archaeology , said : " This does predate the other earliest convincing cases of TB from Italy by about 6,000 years .
" It tells us that the human form of TB is quite ancient . "
Ultimately , Dr Donoghue 's team hope their work will help others find more effective treatments for TB .
About nine million new cases of TB , and nearly two million deaths from TB , are estimated to occur around the world every year .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
BOSTON - ( November 26 , 2008 ) Vitamin K slowed the development of insulin resistance in elderly men in a study of 355 non-diabetic men and women ages 60 to 80 who completed a three - year clinical trial at the Jean Mayer Human Nutrition Research Center on Aging at Tufts University ( USDA HNRCA ) .
" Men who received vitamin K supplementation had less progression in their insulin resistance by the end of the clinical trial , " said Sarah Booth , senior author and director of the Vitamin K Laboratory at the USDA HNRCA .
" Conversely , we saw progression in insulin resistance in women who received vitamin K supplementation , and in the men or women who were not given vitamin K supplements . "
Among those given vitamin K , both men and women took daily multivitamins containing 500 micrograms of vitamin K , five times the Adequate Intake ( AI ) recommended by the Institute of Medicine 's Food and Nutrition Board , with instructions to maintain normal diets without any additional supplementation .
They also received a calcium and vitamin D supplement .
Men and women in the control group received no vitamin K supplementation but did receive the multivitamin and the calcium and vitamin D supplement .
For the present study , insulin resistance was assessed by the homeostasis model ( HOMA - IR ) .
Additionally , participants ' blood glucose and blood insulin levels were measured following a minimum 10 - hour fast .
In addition to improved insulin resistance , the supplemented men had lower blood insulin levels compared to the unsupplemented men at the conclusion of the study .
Insulin is a hormone which plays a role in transporting sugar into cells so it can be converted into energy .
A pre-cursor to diabetes , insulin resistance occurs when the body cannot use insulin properly , causing glucose to build up in the blood .
People who are obese or overweight are prone to insulin resistance because excess fat can interfere with insulin function .
Writing in the November issue of Diabetes Care , the authors speculate that weight might explain why only the vitamin K supplemented men improved their insulin resistance .
" In our study , there was a higher prevalence of obese or overweight women in the vitamin K supplementation group compared to the male supplementation group , " Booth said .
" Vitamin K is stored in fat tissue .
If there is excess fat , vitamin K may not be readily available to cells that require it to process glucose . "
Because there are few studies of vitamin K and insulin resistance , the authors encourage further investigation of their findings and alternative study designs .
" The original purpose of the present study was to assess the effect of vitamin K1 , or phylloquinone , supplementation on changes in bone mineral density and vascular calcification , " Booth said .
" For instance , there is a way to achieve a more direct measure of insulin secretion than HOMA - IR .
Also , our study is limited to caucasian adults .
We acknowledge our findings may not apply to the general population . "
Although vitamin K supplements were used for the study , the authors say the study dosage is attainable by consuming a healthy diet .
Foods considered good sources of vitamin K include brussels sprouts , broccoli , and dark , leafy greens , such as spinach and collards .
###
The authors received funding from the United States Department of Agriculture Agricultural Research Service , the National Institutes of Health , the American Heart Association , the Ministry of Education , Culture Sports and Technology in Japan and the American Diabetes Association
About Tufts University School of Nutrition
The Gerald J. and Dorothy R. Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy at Tufts University is the only independent school of nutrition in the United States .
The school 's eight centers , which focus on questions relating to famine , hunger , poverty , and communications , are renowned for the application of scientific research to national and international policy .
For two decades , the Jean Mayer USDA Human Nutrition Research Center on Aging at Tufts University has studied the relationship between good nutrition and good health in aging populations .
Tufts research scientists work with federal agencies to establish the USDA Dietary Guidelines , the Dietary Reference Intakes , and other significant public policies .
If you are a member of the media interested in learning more about this topic , or speaking with a faculty member at the Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy at Tufts University , or another Tufts health sciences researcher , please contact Andrea Grossman at 617-636-3728 or Christine Fennelly at 617-636-3707 .
MIAMI , Florida ( CNN ) --
Furry signs of a down - trending economy peer dolefully from every kennel at the Broward County Humane Society shelter in Florida and hundreds of others across the country .
Bentley was given up by his owners because they could no longer afford him , a Florida shelter says .
Bentley , a 3 - year - old Lhasa apso , was given up by his owners because they just could n't afford to keep him any more .
Tinkerbell , a sweet , docile house cat , was surrendered by her owners after they found out that they had lost their home .
With foreclosures disrupting life , from the family house down to the dog house , and as Americans toil through a tough economic landscape , some of their pets face an even bleaker future in the pound .
" People lose their homes and have to move to apartments that do n't accept pets , so they give them up , " says Cheryl McAuliffe , a spokeswoman for the Georgia State Humane Society .
Over the past eight months , shelters around the county have seen more animals turned in because their owners have lost their homes or jobs .
The shelters are also straining to meet a sharp increase in requests from people who are struggling just to provide food for their pets , says Stephanie Shain , director of outreach for the Humane Society of the United States .
Although they no longer have loving homes , Tinkerbell and Bentley are lucky because their owners gave them up to the shelter .
Not every pet gets that kind of treatment .
Miami -Dade Animal Services says that on a regular basis , it is called to foreclosed properties where neighbors report seeing pets chained up in a backyard or locked inside an empty house .
Do n't Miss CNN / Money : Personal finance basics
CNN / Money : Personal finance basics Social workers teach money management
" I understand they may be scared for themselves and their kids when they have to leave , but I just wish people would find a place for their pets , too , " says Sherry Marks , a Miami - Dade County animal control specialist .
Marks and other county animal control specialists get calls from police when they find a foreclosed home with a pet left behind .
And it 's not always easy to deal with the abandoned pet , she says .
Some dogs are frightened and run , and others become aggressive .
Responding to a call in North Miami , Marks found two dogs at a home abandoned by foreclosure .
With their leashes and water bowls still in the backyard , the dogs lingered .
They did n't know and could n't understand why it was n't their home anymore .
A spokesman for the Humane Society of Douglas County in Georgia said the abandonment rate is tenfold what it was two years ago , before waves of foreclosures started hitting neighborhoods around the county .
With more animals coming in and fewer people with the resources to pay for a pet , nearly all shelters there are overrun .
The rapidly approaching holiday season is usually a very busy adoption time for shelters .
Last year , the Broward County Humane Society sent 60 animals to new homes December 23 .
This year , they say , they 'll be thrilled if they adopt out anywhere near that number .
But Humane Society officials say people can economize when getting a pet .
They urge people to adopt instead of buying a cat or dog .
Adopted pets cost less than animals from a pet store , and they will already be spayed or neutered and have their initial set of vaccinations .
Also , pet owners do n't have to choose between taking care of their pets or taking care of themselves .
Most local shelters offer vaccinations , spaying or neutering at a fraction of the cost of a private veterinarian 's office .
All About National Economy • Humane Society of the United States
In an interview Tuesday on “ Kudlow and Company ” on CNBC , Mr. Romney could not distance himself fast enough .
“ Once again , we ’ve found people in Washington have not lived up to the level of respect and dignity that we would expect for somebody that gets elected to a position of high influence , ” Mr. Romney said .
“ Very disappointing .
He ’s no longer associated with my campaign , as you can imagine . ”
Republicans , of course , do not have an exclusive hold on scandal .
As Democrats accused Republicans of engaging in a “ culture of corruption ” during the 2006 midterm elections , Republicans eagerly put the spotlight on Representative William J. Jefferson , the Louisiana Democrat who stashed $ 90,000 in his freezer — ill - gotten gains , the authorities said .
Still , there is a sort of “ here we go again ” sense among Republicans these days , especially since news of the Craig arrest broke on Monday afternoon .
It is tough enough being in the minority , weighed down by the burden of the war in Iraq .
Now Republicans have an even more pressing task : keeping their party from being portrayed not just as hypocritical and out of touch with the values of people they represent , but also as a laughingstock — amid headlines like “ Senator ’s Bathroom Bust , ” which ran all Tuesday afternoon on CNN .
The story also ran at the top of all the network evening newscasts on Tuesday .
“ I ’m hoping it ’s a big mistake , ” said one of Mr. Craig ’s Republican colleagues , Senator Lamar Alexander , traveling Tuesday in Tennessee , his home state .
“ But it certainly does nothing to increase confidence in the United States Senate . ”
With President Bush hobbled by his own political difficulties , the party can hardly look to him to lead them out of the morass .
“ If we had a coach , ” said John Feehery , who was press secretary to Representative J. Dennis Hastert when Mr. Hastert was the House speaker , “ the coach would take us in the locker room and scream at us . ”
Some Republicans are indeed screaming , particularly the party ’s social conservative wing , which places a high priority on ethics and family values .
Tony Perkins , the president of the Family Research Council , a conservative advocacy group in Washington , said the elections of November 2006 , in which Republicans lost control of the House and the Senate , proved that voters want politicians in Washington to clean up their act .
“ Exit polls show that was the No. 1 factor in depressing Republican enthusiasm , ” Mr. Perkins said in an interview Tuesday .
“ There is an expectation that leaders who espouse family values will live by those values .
And while the values voters do n’t demand perfection , I do believe they want leaders with integrity . ”
McCain aides strike back at Palin aides :
A second McCain source says she appears to be looking out for herself more than the McCain campaign .
“ She is a diva .
She takes no advice from anyone , ” this McCain adviser said .
“ She does not have any relationships of trust with any of us , her family or anyone else .
“ Also , she is playing for her own future and sees herself as the next leader of the party .
Remember : Divas trust only unto themselves , as they see themselves as the beginning and end of all wisdom . ” ….
“ Her lack of fundamental understanding of some key issues was dramatic , ” said another McCain source with direct knowledge of the process to prepare Palin after she was picked .
The source said it was probably the “ hardest ” to get her “ up to speed than any candidate in history . ”
Quantum computing spins closer
L.A. Cicero Physics graduate student David Press at the optical bench where his current experiments are running .
The promise of quantum computing is that it will dramatically outshine traditional computers in tackling certain key problems : searching large databases , factoring large numbers , creating uncrackable codes and simulating the atomic structure of materials .
A quantum step in that direction , if you 'll pardon the pun , has been taken by Stanford researchers who announced their success in a paper published in the journal Nature .
Working in the Ginzton Laboratory , they 've employed ultrafast lasers to set a new speed record for the time it takes to rotate the spin of an individual electron and confirm the spin 's new position .
Why does that matter ?
Existing computers , from laptops to supercomputers , see data as bits of information .
Each bit can be either a zero or a one .
But a quantum bit can be both zero and one at the same time , a situation known as a superposition state .
This allows quantum computers to act like a massively parallel computer in some circumstances , solving problems that are almost impossible for classic computers to handle .
Quantum computing can be accomplished using a property of electrons known as " spin . "
A single unit of quantum information is the qubit , and can be constructed from a single electron spin , which in this experiment was confined within a nano - sized semiconductor known as a quantum dot .
An electron spin may be described as up or down ( a variation of the usual zero and one ) and may be manipulated from one state to another .
The faster these electrons can be switched , the more quickly numbers can be crunched in a quantum fashion , with its intrinsic advantages over traditional computing designs .
The qubit in the Stanford experiment was manipulated and measured about 100 times faster than with previous techniques , said one of the researchers , David Press , a graduate student in applied physics .
The experiments were conducted at a temperature of almost absolute zero , inside a strong magnetic field produced by a superconducting magnet .
The researchers first hit the qubit with laser light of specific frequencies to define and measure the electron spin , all within a few nanoseconds .
Then they rotated the spin with polarized light pulses in a few tens of picoseconds ( a picosecond is one trillionth of a second ) .
Finally , the spin state was read out with yet another optical pulse .
Similar experiments have been done before , but with radio - frequency pulses , which are slower than laser - light pulses .
" The optics were quite tricky , " Press said .
The researchers had to find a single , specific photon emitted from the qubit in order confirm the spin state of the electron .
That photon , however , was clouded in a sea of scattered photons from the lasers themselves .
" The big benefit is to make quantum computing faster , " Press said .
The experiment " pushed quantum dots up to speed with other qubit candidate systems to ultimately build a quantum computer . "
Quantum computers are still years away .
In the shorter term , Press said , researchers would like to build a system of tens or hundreds of qubits to simulate the operation of a larger quantum system .
The other authors of the Nature paper were Bingyang Zhang of the Ginzton Lab , and Thaddeus Ladd and Yoshihisa Yamamoto of the Ginzton Lab and the National Institute of Informatics in Tokyo .
Is this the world 's most relaxing room ?
Chilled - out scientists are opening ' the world 's most relaxing room ' today as a sanctuary from the credit crunch .
The room features soft green lighting , artificial blue skies , the scent of lavender in the breeze and the dulcet tones of a low frequency lullaby capable of soothing the most savage of beasts .
Stressed ?
People enjoy Professor Wiseman 's relax room at the University of Hertfordshire
Creator and psychologist Professor Richard Wiseman said : ' The pace of modern - day life , credit crunch and financial crisis is making many people feel very stressed and so we have created this space to help them relax . '
The University of Hertfordshire is opening its mellowing multimedia attraction , which is the first of its kind in Britain , to the public .
Visitors to the exhibition can enjoy a 15 - minute session in the relaxing soft - matted room and experience the ' mild sensory deprivation ' that the University claims could benefit ' students facing exams and businesses wishing to lower their employees ' stress - related absenteeism ' .
One man is hooked up to health monitors to chart his stress levels in the relax room
Prof Wiseman said : ' Previous work has shown that these colours , sounds and smells all help people relax , but this is the first time that they have been combined in this way , and it will be fascinating to look at the effect on visitors ' relaxation levels . '
The professor also advises spending time in the countryside , hanging out with friends , and hitting the gym as ways to ease stress .
The exhibition is part of the University 's Health and Human Sciences Research Institute Showcase and runs until October 24 at the de Havilland campus .
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANN : hledger 0.2 released
hledger is a minimal haskell clone of John Wiegley 's " ledger " text - based accounting tool ( http://newartisans.com/software/ledger.html).
hledger generates ledger - compatible register & balance reports from a plain text ledger file , and demonstrates a functional implementation of ledger .
For more information , see the hledger home page : http://joyful.com/hledger
INSTALLATION
------------
If you have cabal - install , do : : cabal install hledger otherwise , unpack http://hackage.haskell.org/packages/archive/hledger/0.2/hledger-0.2.tar.gz and do : : runhaskell Setup.hs configure runhaskell Setup.hs build sudo runhaskell Setup.hs install ( or for the latest code , darcs get http://joyful.com/repos/hledger)
NEWS ---- * fixes * fix balance report totals when filtering by account * fix balance report selection of accounts when filtering by account * fix a bug with account name eliding in balance report * if we happen to be showing a not - yet - auto - balanced entry , hide the AUTO marker * fix print command filtering by account * omit transactions with zero amount from register report *
Fix bug in parsing of timelogs * rename -- showsubs to -- subtotal , like ledger * drop -- usage flag * do n't require quickcheck * features * priced amounts ( eg " 10h @ $ 50 " ) and -- basis /-- cost / - B flag to show them with cost basis * easy -- depth option , equivalent to c++ ledger 's -d ' l < =N ' * smarter y/m/d date parsing for - b and -e ( any number of digits , month and day default to 1 , separator can be / - or . ) * -n flag for balance command * -- empty / - E flag * build a library , as well as the exe * new home page url ( http://joyful.com/hledger) * publish html and pdf versions of README * detect display preferences for each commodity like c++ ledger * support amounts with multiple currencies / commodities * support -- real / - R flag * support - C/-- cleared flag to filter by entry status ( not transaction status ) * support virtual and balanced virtual transactions * parse comment lines beginning with a space , as from M- ; in emacs ledger - mode * allow any non-whitespace in account names , perhaps avoiding misleading missing amounts errors * clearer error message when we can't balance an entry * when we fail because of more than one missing amount in an entry , show the full entry * document the built - in test runner in -- help * add a -- verbose / - v flag , use it to show more test - running detail * includes 43 tests Contributors : * Simon Michael * Tim Docker
MUSIC NEWS -
The historic Wellmont Theater ( 2,500 seats ) in Montclair , NJ , is reopening on November 1 , thanks to a newly formed independent concert - promotion company .
The promoter , Montclair Entertainment , made up of the folks from the independent promotion company , Bowery Presents ; owners of the Bowery Ballroom and Mercury Lounge as well as the recently opened Terminal 5 and Music Hall of Williamsburg with Montclair resident , Andy Feltz , who brought shows to the Beacon Theater in Manhattan for two decades until the Beacon was taken over by MSG , recently he ran the United Palace , also in Manhattan .
This will be Bowery Presents ’ first major move into New Jersey .
Anthony Makes , who worked at MSG Entertainment 's Chicago Theatre and the Kodak Theatre in Los Angeles , has been hired to book concerts .
The theater , which originally opened in 1922 was converted to a movie theater and became a triplex before closing in 2006 , is off Bloomfield Avenue in downtown Montclair , is undergoing a $ 3 million + makeover and is about 30 minutes west of Manhattan .
As the presidential race lurches into its final weeks and John McCain struggles to make a dent in Barack Obama 's lead in the polls , the tone at his rallies has grown increasingly negative .
The McCain campaign yesterday sought to distance itself from ugly remarks by supporters , with a spokesman emailing reporters to say the camp " does not condone the inappropriate rhetoric " - a reference to shouts of " treason , " " terrorist " and " kill him " by audience members at McCain events following mentions of Obama .
The Arizona senator himself has yet to directly address the negative comments .
McCain aides alluded to a coming change in tone in interviews on Friday .
" We are looking for a very aggressive last 30 days , " McCain adviser Greg Strimple told the Washington Post .
" We are looking forward to turning a page on this financial crisis and getting back to discussing Mr. Obama 's aggressively liberal record and how he will be too risky for Americans . "
Obama and the Democrats say the strategy represents a transparent attempt to distract voters from the economy , an issue on which voters give Obama the advantage , with Democrats independent of the Obama campaign characterising it as a ploy to energise voters who harbour racial animosity and fear .
Among other lines of attack , the McCain campaign has insinuated that the Illinois senator is friendly with a 1960s - era radical who collaborated in a series of bombings and is now an education professor in Chicago , William Ayers , and has asked voters to question who Obama is .
At a rally in Waukesha , Wisconsin today , McCain said , " We need to know the full extent of the relationship . "
Obama served on a non-profit board with Ayers , who also held a small fundraising event for Obama early in his political career .
Obama has said the two are not friendly and are no longer associated in any way , and no evidence has surfaced to the contrary .
When asked in an interview by ABC's Charles Gibson if he thought Obama 's relationship with Ayers was a factor in the presidential campaign McCain said " I think it 's a factor about Senator Obama 's candor and truthfulness with the American people .
That 's what I think it 's about .
As I say , I do n't care about Mr Ayers who on September 11 , 2001 said he wished he'd have bombed more .
I do n't care about that .
I care about him being truthful about his relationship with him .
And Americans will care . "
But Republicans are aware that it is logically impossible to prove a negative , and McCain has pushed that to his advantage .
" It 's now clear that John McCain would rather launch angry , personal attacks than talk about the economy or defend his risky bail - out scheme that hands over billions in taxpayer dollars to the same irresponsible Wall Street banks and lenders that got us into this mess – a scheme that guarantees taxpayers will lose money , " Obama spokesman Tommy Vietor said in a statement , referring to a recent McCain economic proposal .
" While Barack Obama ensured that the rescue plan that passed Congress protects taxpayers and homeowners , John McCain 's scheme has been panned by experts and observers from across the political spectrum . "
At rallies this week in Florida , crowds jeered and taunted members of the news media .
One man hurled a racial epithet at a black television crewman , telling him , " Sit down , boy " .
Yesterday , for the second time in three days , a speaker at a McCain rally in Pennsylvania referred to Obama 's middle name , Hussein , in an effort to cast doubt on his religion and background .
Obama is a Christian .
At the same rally , shouts of " terrorist " and " liar " could be heard following references to the Democratic candidate .
On Saturday , McCain running mate Sarah Palin sought to link Obama to Ayers .
" Kill him ! " one man in the crowd shouted , not specifying who .
" We do not condone this inappropriate rhetoric which distracts from the real questions of judgment , character and experience that voters will base their decisions on this November , " McCain spokesman Paul Lindsay said yesterday .
However , Democrats maintain that the rhetoric is being used as a fear tactic .
" It is a wink and nod towards the far right wing and it is embarrassing that any mainstream political party in America would still stoop to these lows , " said Paul Neaville , a Democratic consultant who worked for Hillary Clinton 's campaign .
He said the McCain campaign could do more to repudiate those negative remarks .
" It could go to black neighbourhoods and open offices , it could advertise on minority radio — but it chooses not to because part of their core constituency has a problem with minorities who are poor , " he said .
Democratic consultant Erick Mullen , an aide to General Wesley Clark 's 2004 bid for the Democratic nomination , said the rhetoric emanating from the dais at McCain rallies show McCain is " either a bad leader or a bad liar " .
" The McCain / Palin stagecraft has been extremely well controlled since the GOP convention so it 's inconceivable to me that McCain has not tacitly approved the vulgarities uttered from the podium , " he wrote in an email .
" Or Senator McCain cannot control his own junior staff and party operatives . "
Meanwhile , President George Bush took the first step toward handing over the keys to the White House to the next president , establishing a committee to facilitate the transition to the next president , whether its Obama or McCain .
The committee , which will consist of top Bush aides , will help the next president determine staffing needs during the transition , coordinate orientations at executive branch agencies and prepare briefing materials for the next president 's appointees .
The next president will be sworn in January 20 , but considering the state of the US economy he will not have the luxury of resting the roughly three months following the election .
White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said today that Bush 's committee will help the next president hit the ground running in January .
" This is especially important as our nation is fighting a war , dealing with a financial crisis and working to protect ourselves from future terrorist attacks , " she said .
The UN has no more food to distribute in the Gaza Strip , the head of relief efforts in the area has warned .
John Ging said handouts for 750,000 Gazans would have to be suspended until Saturday at the earliest , and called Gaza 's economic situation " a disaster " .
Israel earlier denied entry to a convoy carrying humanitarian supplies .
It has prevented the transfer of all goods into Gaza for nearly a week , blaming continuing rocket attacks by Palestinian militants .
The United Nations Relief and Works Agency ( Unrwa ) distributes emergency aid to about half of Gaza 's 1.5 m population .
" We have run out [ of food aid ] this evening , " said Mr Ging , Unrwa 's senior official in Gaza .
" Unless the crossing points open ... we wo n't be able to get that food into Gaza , " he told Reuters news agency .
Access denied Also on Thursday , Israel refused permission for a group of senior European diplomats to visit the coastal enclave .
Gaza shut to fuel and journalists Guide : Gaza blockade
It has also prevented journalists , including those from the BBC , from entering the territory .
Limited supplies of fuel were sent over on Tuesday after Gaza 's only power plant ran out of diesel .
Militants say the mortar and rocket fire is their response to what they say is Israeli aggression against Gaza .
Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev insisted any improvement would be dependent on the Hamas movement which runs the Gaza Strip .
" There 's been a combat situation and it's very difficult to have unhindered functioning of the border crossings in a situation where shooting is going on , " he said .
On Wednesday , Israeli troops killed four Palestinian militants from the Hamas movement , which has controlled Gaza since it wrested power from the Fatah - dominated Palestinian Authority in June 2007 .
Witnesses said fighting broke out on the Gaza border after Israeli armoured vehicles crossed into the territory near Khan Younis .
The army said its soldiers were trying to stop militants plant a bomb near the security fence surrounding the strip .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The Gaza power plant provides most of the electricity used in Gaza City ; Israel supplies most of the rest of the territory 's energy needs , but the system is liable to become overloaded and blackouts are common .
Israel occupied Gaza in 1967 , but pulled military forces and Jewish settlers out in the summer of 2005 .
Access to the territory , which is home to about 1.5 m
Palestinians , remains under the control of Israel 's military , as does its airspace and territorial waters .
Egypt controls the southern entrance to Gaza at Rafah , and goes along with the policy of isolating the Hamas movement , which Israel and its allies brand a terrorist group .
The current round of clashes and rocket fire began on 5 November when Israeli troops entered Gaza to destroy what Israel said was a tunnel dug by militants to abduct its troops .
One militant died in the gunfight , and a subsequent Israeli air strike on Hamas positions in southern Gaza killed at least five fighters .
Hamas responded with a barrage of rockets fired into Israel .
There has been intermittent rocket fire since , causing no Israeli casualties .
A truce between the two sides declared on 19 June had largely held .
Both sides have accused the other of violating the truce , but maintain that they remain committed to it .
Are you in Gaza ?
Have you been affected by the issues in this story ?
Do you have friends or family in the area ?
Send us your story :
In most cases a selection of your comments will be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The article you are looking for can be found HERE on the new version of my blog .
Please change your bookmarks and RSS Feeds .
Er , kinda straight for you ... um .
He 'll be here in a minute .
WATCH OUT !
Theresa M. , Do n't worry .
I think all she 's really looking for is an ear scratch .
Reading good python code must be an enjoyable learning experience , any suggestion ?
It was a perfect day for a bit of news burial , and so it proved .
On Tuesday , while everyone was chewing over Alistair Darling 's mixture of gain and pain , a British government began issuing ID cards for the first time in 56 years , though few people seemed to notice .
As well as a spread of quiet news coverage , a small group of cultural and political high - ups - Neil Tennant of the Pet Shop Boys , Brian Eno and Shami Chakrabarti , the director of Liberty - warned of the damage to the UK 's image abroad , and there were small protests in Liverpool and Cardiff , but that seemed to be it .
Maybe the prospect of the Tories taking power and honouring their pledge to scrap the scheme has dampened the anti-ID camp 's ardour .
For now , however , the government 's aim - should Labour win the next election - of introducing the cards and a national identity register by stealth , seems to be proceeding to plan .
From this week , students from outside the European Economic Area and the non-European spouses of accredited British residents will need to apply for a card and go on the register .
The same will soon apply to millions of other foreign nationals and airport staff ; and by some time in 2012 , every applicant for a new passport will be joining up .
From a panicky perspective , irrespective of what happens at the next election , it 's not hard to see all this coming to pass thanks to the bureaucratic equivalent of the great German war machine - though if such comparisons suggest the state at its most clunky and Kafkaesque , the government is busy wrapping its ideas in shiny inclusive packaging .
Last week , for instance , it announced that transgender people will be allowed to carry two cards at once .
So , the madness continues , and even people in power seem either confused or opposed .
In the past few months I have spoken to one government minister who claimed the project had effectively been kicked into the long grass , and another - no leftie - who optimistically sketched out how the Brown government might have decisively served notice of lean times and a bold new direction : scrapping the renewal of Trident and calling time on the ID scheme .
Fat chance , it seems .
Jacqui Smith 's zeal seems undimmed : the plan is becoming more concrete and the Home Office 's cost projections are being vigilantly updated .
In keeping with the fashion for optimistic government forecasts , it puts the cost of a newly combined passport - ID scheme at slightly more than £ 5 bn over 10 years , though plenty of voices predict anything up to three times that amount .
Relative to the huge budgetary figures dancing before our eyes , that may still seem modest - but should you want to be mischievous with the official figures , it 's not hard : £ 5 bn is a quarter of what the government expects to take back before 2015 / 16 via tax rises .
According to the Home Office 's numbers , the annual cost of the plan will peak at about £ 525 m - on today 's figures , just over 75 % of the yearly proceeds from the much - discussed 45 % top tax rate .
If the whole lot was brought forward , it would cover nearly two years of Labour 's Building Schools for the Future programme .
Fiscal maths will surely inflame public opinion less than a more general complaint - that when times are tight this is exactly the kind of ill - advised cash magnet to avoid .
If the era to come will be one of crackdowns on waste and anxious public audits , the Tesco mantra will be unanswerable : every little helps , and savings from the death of ID cards will be bigger than most .
Here , perhaps , is the most useful argument against the scheme , and the key to the fight to come - not elegant tributes to the glories of the Liberal inheritance , or invocations of the Big Brother state , or even warnings from the more enlightened end of the Groucho Club - but something altogether more blunt : we simply can't afford it .
john.harris@theguardian.com
Rush Limbaugh said Colin Powell 's decision to get behind Barack Obama appeared to be very much tied to Obama 's status as the first African - American with a chance to become president .
" Secretary Powell says his endorsement is not about race , " Limbaugh wrote in an e-mail .
" OK , fine .
I am now researching his past endorsements to see if I can find all the inexperienced , very liberal , white candidates he has endorsed .
I 'll let you know what I come up with . "
As for Powell 's statement of concern this morning about the sort of Supreme Court justices a President McCain might appoint , Limbaugh wrote : " I was also unaware of his dislike for John Roberts , Clarence Thomas , Samuel Alito , Anthony Kennedy and Antonin Scalia .
I guess he also regrets Reagan and Bush making him a four - star [ general ] and secretary of state and appointing his son to head the FCC .
Yes , let 's hear it for transformational figures . "
See Also
comments closed
permalink
What if ?
For students of history , these are arguably the two most intriguing words in the English language .
What if Hitler had not invaded Russia ?
What if massive storms in the Channel and North Sea had not wrecked the Spanish Armada ?
And , for that matter , what if Robert Kennedy had not been assassinated in 1968 – or if Ronald Reagan had been assassinated in March 1981 , when he had been in office a bare two months ?
And how different things might be today had a couple of thousand voters in Palm Beach County , Florida , not accidentally cast their presidential votes in November 2000 for Pat Buchanan instead of Al Gore , thanks to the poorly designed butterfly ballot .
Eight years on , another presidential election today reaches its moment of truth .
At this stage , the final 2008 match - up has an air of inevitability about it .
It is easy to believe , in hindsight , that the enthusiasm generated by Barack Obama , his superior campaign organisation and the vast sums of money he raised , guaranteed he would win the nomination .
As for Republican primary voters , did they not quickly realise that John McCain was the only candidate who offered a chance of their party hanging on to the White House ?
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But in this campaign , as in almost every recent US election , nothing was set in stone .
Hillary Clinton was the prohibitive early favourite for the Democratic nomination ; in summer 2007 , months before a vote was cast , McCain had been given up for dead .
In all these elections , there were candidates who ran and lost , and others who might have run , but chose not to .
In 2008 , the great unknowable is : what if Hillary had won the nomination – and almost certainly occupied the same position of overwhelming favourite that Obama does this morning ?
What sort of President would she be ?
More competent , perhaps , than her husband , but less inspirational , and with an ear less finely tuned to politics ' subtle flows .
Probably we shall never know – though in the unlikely event that Obama loses today , she will be at the front of the queue for 2012 .
But had she gone all the way , the American presidency might have become the preserve of two competing , alternating dynasties – with one Jeb Bush waiting in the wings when Hillary 's time was up .
Which leads to another " what if ? " .
Had Jeb not been defeated in his bid for the Florida governorship in 1994 ( the year George W won in Texas ) , he , rather than his elder brother , might have been the Republican nominee who faced Gore in 2000 .
Do n't forget that among the Bushes , Jeb , not George , was always considered the son most likely to succeed in politics .
And had Jeb made it , the US might have been spared the Iraq war , Dick Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld , and the global surge of anti-Americanism .
That , it may be said with certainty , would have been the case had not those butterfly ballots intervened .
After September 11 , a President Gore would have surely attacked the Taliban , al - Qa'ida 's protectors , in Afghanistan .
But he would not have been ordering plans for the invasion of Iraq while the World Trade Center still smouldered .
He would have taken global warming seriously .
He would n't have antagonised Europe by trashing the Kyoto treaty .
But in terms of what might have been , Gore does n't hold a candle to the sons of old Joe Kennedy .
Had he lived , JFK would almost certainly have won a second term in 1964 , and perhaps spared the US the agony of Vietnam .
If Bobby Kennedy had not been murdered four years later , he would almost certainly have been the 1968 Democratic nominee .
Quite possibly , he would have become President , with an unequivocal promise to end that war .
In the end , Vice - President Hubert Humphrey almost snatched victory from Richard Nixon , despite his identification with Lyndon Johnson 's Vietnam policy .
And then there is Teddy .
But for Chappaquiddick , he would surely have been the Democratic nominee in 1972 , 1976 or 1980 , perhaps even later .
Probably , he would have won the White House .
What sort of President would he have been ?
Liberal to be sure , but perhaps not as effective as he has been in the Senate .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Thus far no businessman has won the presidency , but since 1980 two have had a serious shot .
Ross Perot came closest , in 1992 , when at one point he even led both incumbent George HW Bush and his Democratic party challenger , Bill Clinton , in the polls .
Perot was a flawed candidate .
He was prejudiced , hectoring and dictatorial .
He probably would have made a terrible President .
Accustomed to having their orders in the boardroom instantly carried out , business executives rarely adapt to the meandering ways of politics .
But every so often , America yearns for a non-partisan , can - do figure .
In 1992 , amid a sluggish economy and soaring deficits , Perot won almost 20 per cent of the popular vote despite his manifest shortcomings .
And had Perot not run , the elder Bush might well have defeated Clinton – another tantalising " what if ? " .
A less flawed businessman - politician was Lee Iacocca , the folksy boss of Chrysler who saved the US carmaker from bankruptcy , and at one point was running ahead of Vice - President George HW Bush in putative match - ups for the 1988 Republican nomination .
In those days Iacocca was a cult hero , but he realised that running a country was more difficult than engineering a corporate turn - around .
More recently , Michael Bloomberg , the mayor of New York , another executive with bipartisan appeal , mulled a 2008 White House run , before deciding to give it a pass .
Where businessmen rarely venture , however , generals do .
Like businessmen , generals are seen to be above the partisan fray , and they are usually war heroes to boot .
Dwight Eisenhower had never been elected to anything before he won the presidency , virtually by popular acclaim , in 1952 .
He was a Republican , but he could have run as a Democrat and the result would have been the same .
Ditto Colin Powell – except that Powell did n't run .
In the mid-1990s , the former chairman of the joint chiefs and national security adviser seemed an odds - on bet to become America 's first African - American President .
But a year before the 1996 election , Powell took himself out of consideration , largely because of his wife 's fear he might be assassinated .
Events since – notably Powell 's support for the Iraq invasion – have suggested he probably was n't ideal for the job .
Ultimately , Powell the soldier was happier executing the orders of others than of giving them himself .
But he , too , is a might - have - been , another " what if ? " in a US presidential history full of them .
We told you earlier this year about onetime star producer Scott Storch 's financial problems .
The bank foreclosed his Miami mansion and his Ferrari was repossessed .
And now an ad for the former has been posted on Craigslist .
Meanwhile , Storch 's lawyer says that his team did n't sign off on the Craigslist posting , and it 's not official .
Well , at least he did n't put the house up there himself .
Miami Herald : Recent posting on Craigslist : ''$ 9,000,000 Celebrity Estate Home -- Bank Sale ( Palm Island -- Miami Beach ) .''
It 's the waterfront residence of Scott Storch , a 34 - year - old record producer who is having money troubles .
' ' A forced bank sale , '' says the posting .
'' Bank is looking for an offer at $ 9 million -- home was recently appraised for $ 16 M . . .''
There are six photos , with Lisa Gottesman of Keller Williams Realty in Fort Myers named as ``seller contact . ''
But Storch 's Miami lawyer Guy Spiegelman says neither Storch nor his business manager knows Gottesman or signed off on the listing .
'' It 's not a bank sale , '' Spiegelman says .
``Storch is the owner of the property .
The information on Craigslist is wrong and unauthorized .''...
Storch , who has produced songs for Beyoncé , Eminem and 50 Cent ( including his current hit , Get Up ) , bought the place in May ' 06 for $ 10.5 million .
He was riding high back then , said to be worth $ 70 million .
But he is now $ 511,839.16 in arrears in real estate taxes for '06 and ' 07 , and owes $ 187,097.94 for ' 08 .
SunTrust Bank filed a foreclosure complaint in June .
The matter is before Miami - Dade Circuit Judge Michael Genden .
Storch also has child support issues .
He owed $ 27,031 for son Jalen , 2 . Jason Setchen , attorney for Jalen 's mother DaleneDaniel , obtained a court - mandated income deduction order and garnished that money from Storch 's royalties at Sony BMG .
Storch owes $ 7,500 for October , with another $ 7,500 due Nov. 15 .
See Also : Scott Storch 's Ferrari And Motorcycle Repoed , House Next
Ex Paris Hilton Flame Scott Storch Owes Thousands
In Taxes , Child Support
Finding new and useful Firefox extensions is a passion of ours , but sometimes we run across extensions adorning the daunting " Experimental " moniker at the Firefox Add - ons web site .
We try to avoid these extensions as much as possible because they have n't been vetted by the folks at Mozilla , but even more importantly , we hate requiring our readers to register and sign into a web site just to download an extension .
Most of the extensions that have hit the Experimental phase are ready to go despite their name ; they just need a little extra push to get over the approval process .
We 've covered three awesome experimental extensions once before , and now we 're back with a look at three more experimental Firefox extensions we 're excited about .
Note :
As I mentioned above , Mozilla has n't officially approved these extensions , so do proceed with caution .
Advertisement
UrlbarExt
Advertisement
UrlbarExt adds six small buttons to the Awesome Bar adding gobs of wildly useful functionality .
From left to right , here 's what they do :
Copies the current URL to you clipboard .
Creates a Tiny URL from the current URL , then pastes the results in the address bar .
Works great in conjunction with the copy button after the Tiny URL is created !
Runs a Google site - specific search using the site you 're visiting as a starting point ( e.g. , site:lifehacker.com hackintosh ) .
Right - click this button to enter your query .
Moves up the URL path one level or directory at the time .
So if you were visiting http://lifehacker.com/5058888/five-best-media-converters , clicking once would bring you to http://lifehacker.com/tag/ .
Double - clicking this button takes you straight to the root ( e.g. , http://lifehacker.com/ ) .
Click this icon to open a drop - down for quickly bookmarking and applying tags to the current page .
Want to do a little anonymous browsing ?
Click this button to surf anonymously or access filtered web sites automatically by redirecting your traffic through proxy servers .
There 's no set up — just click it and go .
If you want to customize the proxy server , try the cached version of a page , or use the site 's IP rather than the domain ( which can get you around some blocking software ) , right - click this button for more options .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
You Old Enough ?
Advertisement
You Old Enough bypasses YouTube 's age check verification , allowing you to watch any video on YouTube without logging in or registering for a YouTube account .
Let 's be honest :
The whole age verification thing is kind of a joke to begin with , since all it requires is a user claiming to be old enough .
On top of that , videos that require you to log in are n't always the kind of video you 're excited to add to your account history .
With the You Old Enough extension installed , a new pop -up window containing the video opens whenever you stumble onto a YouTube video that requires age verification , completely bypassing the login or registration requirement .
Handy .
TV Manager
Advertisement
Like TV ?
The TV Manager extension lets you browse listings and set alarms for your favorite programs from the comfort of your browser .
The extension supports most US channels and is completely customizable .
If you set an alarm on a show , TV Manager displays a simple reminder when the show is about to start ( perfect for ending your Wikipedia run before you miss your show ) .
Mozilla is shorthanded on testers , and a lot of time all it takes to push an extension through the experimental phase is a little popularity .
If you see one you like , you can support it by creating an account , logging into the Firefox Add - ons site , and installing the extension .
Know of any other interesting experimental extensions worth a look ?
Let 's hear about them in the comments .
Call us obsessed , but we can't get enough high - speed video .
The scientists at GE turned us on to this footage of water bouncing off a superhydrophobic surface .
As the droplets come into contact with the extremely water - resistant surface ( in this case , some unknown nanoparticle - based surface , possibly nanopin film ) , they smash into bits and rearrange Terminator - style , bounce like a basketball and generally retain their perfect - droplet shape .
San Diego continues to reward bad behavior Mayor Susan Golding , Jack McGrory and the GOP convention
Hubris and horse manure go together .
Just look at the national economic scene : in the past half century , America has turned economic logic on its head , with the gunslingers grinning all the way .
Now we face the consequences .
It ’s true of San Diego too .
The old values have been arrogantly jettisoned .
Now the piper wants his money .
Let ’s begin with the national picture .
Fifty years ago , derivatives were almost unknown , and for good reason .
People knew them to be gambling instruments , not investments .
Back in the old days , guys with green eyeshades and fat cigars peddled puts and calls from smoke - filled offices that were often shared with bookies .
It was not a reputable business .
Then in 1973 , the Chicago Board Options Exchange was born .
It sold these instruments — the puts , calls , strips , straddles , swaps — on an organized exchange .
Initially , respectable people cocked an eyebrow at this wide - open gambling .
( Derivatives are not assets or investments but bets on the direction of a stock , bond , or other financial instrument . )
Derivatives expanded exponentially and so did hubris .
Financial companies claimed they had discovered a magic method for handling risk .
Derivatives known as credit default swaps would guarantee a company ’s debt .
These swaps were then traded over the counter , almost totally unregulated .
Deregulation was critical to this new mentality .
The old walls between banks and brokerage houses were torn down .
Bank - reserve requirements were loosened ; after all , banks had new computerized risk models and new tools — such as derivatives and offshore hideaways — that lessened the need for those stuffy old reserve requirements of yore .
Thus arose the shadow banking system , which resembles a Ponzi scheme .
Remember when banks referred to themselves with words like “ trust ” ?
Back then , it was not a sin for a bank to be conservative , cautious .
Now the face value of global derivatives is more than a quadrillion dollars .
The U.S. government is going broke bailing out institutions like Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , as well as the banks and investment banks that are tied to derivatives .
Then when the bankers were drooling over a $ 700 billion taxpayer bailout , they bitterly opposed the House of Representatives ’ passage of a bill to give credit cardholders more rights .
The Federal Reserve fears the interconnectedness of the derivatives that caused the chaos ; that is another way of saying that these crapshoot gambling chits of 50 years ago now control the financial world .
Bear Stearns , Merrill Lynch , Fannie and Freddie , AIG , Lehman Brothers — their woes were all tied to derivatives , most of which are deliberately so complex they are impossible to understand .
Thus did derivatives climb out of dank bookie joints and come to dominate the world financial structure .
But even though the government bails out the malefactors , $ 100 million - a - year executives still prefer deregulation .
They want the government to hand them money but not tie their hands in any way .
Hubris and horse manure go together .
Just look at San Diego .
In 1996 , the City hosted the Republican convention .
The idea was to tout then - Mayor Susan Golding for the U.S. Senate .
Golding ’s money manipulator , Jack McGrory , found a source of lucre for supporting the convention : the pension fund .
It was tapped .
When the labor unions found out , they screamed .
So they were promised more benefits .
The city council gave workers the ability to purchase , at a below - cost price , benefits for which they had not worked .
When the mistake was discovered , employees were given several months to purchase credits at the actuarially inaccurate rates .
People piled in , and the City lost $ 146 million .
Employees also got the Deferred Retirement Option Plan ( DROP ) , which is egregious double - dipping .
Employees at age 55 say they will retire in five years .
They continue getting their salaries , but in addition , 90 percent of their highest one - year salary is deposited into their personal account each year , drawing 8 percent annual interest and cost - of - living adjustments .
Then they retire with both an annuity and a lump - sum payment from the DROP account .
With astonishing hubris , officials declared this manna wonderful .
They seemed surprised when a huge deficit arose .
Then they illegally concealed the deficit in bond prospectuses .
“ They thought we could increase the benefits and decrease the contributions and there would n’t be a deficit , ” says City Attorney Mike Aguirre , who is being attacked for going to court to try to do something about it .
The developer Sunroad decided to defy the Federal Aviation Administration by placing a tall building too close to an airport .
Mayor Jerry Sanders , who had received major contributions from Sunroad and its owner , tried to help .
They were thwarted , but not before Sanders ’s ethics czar wrote a hilarious study attempting to whitewash the mayor ’s role .
“ They ignored the fire problem , ” not following suggestions of a fire chief who resigned in frustration , notes Aguirre .
“ And they ignore the water problem , although we are more dependent on water from elsewhere than other cities , ” says Aguirre .
But all along , the Sanders administration has assured the public that both the fire - protection and water problems are under control .
Yes , horse manure inexorably follows hubris .
Just as derivatives came to dominate international finance , redevelopment came to dominate and distort the local real estate scene .
It started with the state telling cities that it would let them take a much larger percentage of the tax increment if they did redevelopment in so - called blighted areas .
Prevarication became the main tool of governments : downtown San Diego was declared blighted .
The City set up the Centre City Development Corporation and Southeastern Economic Development Corporation , and their missions were to line the pockets of developers by twisting the definition of blight .
When an organization ’s core mission is dishonest , there are going to be scandals .
An audit has found that Carolyn Smith , president of Southeastern Economic Development Corporation , authorized more than $ 870,000 in sometimes fraudulent extra pay to herself and her subordinates between 2003 and 2008 .
When Nancy Graham was named head of Centre City in late October of 2005 , the search committee boasted that it had “ conducted a well - defined and thorough national search , ” according to a news release .
Yeah , it was thorough .
The South Florida media at that time were full of stories about Graham ’s conflicts of interest with a private developer named Related .
I had a Reader column hitting on those conflicts in November of 2005 , before she arrived .
The California wing of Related was named to do a big project at Seventh and Market .
In April of this year , I asked Graham if she had any conflicts of interest .
“ I have intentionally stayed away from this deal .
I was at some meetings where we were not able to reach agreement , ” she snapped , adding that she was getting annoyed with “ unfortunate rumors or conspiracy theories that get started around here . ”
It later came out that she had accepted money from Related in 2007 while receiving $ 248,000 a year from Centre City .
She resigned and left San Diego ; the project was canceled .
Aguirre is prosecuting her .
But Sanders reappointed three Centre City boardmembers who had n’t done their due diligence on Graham , and the council agreed by a 7 - to - 1 vote .
Donna Frye dissented , saying Centre City needed an ethical overhaul .
When she was running for mayor against Sanders in 2005 , Frye said that Centre City should pay back $ 100 million that it owed to the City .
Sanders “ said it would kill a cash cow ; he was all gloom and doom about the idea , ” recalls Frye .
But in his new budget , he is asking for money from Centre City , “ and everybody says what a great idea he has .
I find it entertaining , ” chuckles Frye , who sees Sanders ’s biggest problem as “ the failure to deal with the financial problems . ”
San Diego ’s basic fault , says Frye , is that “ it continues to reward bad behavior , ” just as Congress rewards Wall Street ’s bad behavior .
It takes hubris and buckets of horse manure to do that .
Just some time ago this was a very secured place and none even has ever dreamed to make civil photos here .
Now all the machinery , missiles and equipment were removed and went away in random direction so now no any guards are around and people can make shots of what it was a launch site before .
via she - wolf
Published online 15 October 2008 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2008.1171
News
Organic molecules organize themselves to form a bridge between electrodes .
Computer circuits made from organic molecules could be used to build lightweight , flexible displays .
ASSOCIATED PRESS
A team of European physicists has developed an integrated circuit that can build itself .
The work , appearing in this week 's Nature1 , is an important step towards its ultimate goal — a self - assembling computer .
Today 's computer chips are made by etching patterns onto semiconducting wafers using a combination of light and photosensitive chemicals .
But the technique is being pushed to the limit as ever more processing power is being packed onto chips , requiring engineers to etch details just a few tens of nanometres across .
So scientists are hunting for alternative ways to assemble even tinier chips .
“ We dump it in a beaker with a solution of the molecules , we take it out , we wash it , and it works . ”
Dago de Leeuw
Philips Research Laboratories , the Netherlands
Letting them build themselves is , in many ways , the most obvious solution , says Dago de Leeuw , a researcher at Philips Research Laboratories in Eindhoven , the Netherlands .
" The nicest example is DNA , " he says .
Our genetic code provides a set of instructions that can be used to marshal molecules into an entire person , and researchers would like to come up with a similar set of compounds able to organize each other into circuits .
That 's no small task .
To make a circuit that is truly self - assembling , physicists would need to get insulators , conducting electrodes and semiconductor transistors to all link to each other automatically — something that is still a long way away , says de Leeuw .
Chip 'n dip
But his team has made an important step .
They took a long organic molecule with mobile electrons , called quinquethiophene , that behaves like a semiconductor and attached it to a long carbon chain with a silicon group at the end , which acts an an anchor .
“ Self - assembly and nanotechnology is certainly cool , but the one thing missing is higher performance . ”
Hagen Klauk
Max Planck Institute for Solid State Research , Germany
The researchers then dunked a circuit board with preprinted electrodes into a solution of their new molecules .
The molecules hooked on to an insulating layer between the electrodes , forming bridges from one electrode to the next .
It took billions to make the connection , but they were tightly packed enough that a current could flow across them .
" The different molecules are like little bricks , " says Edsger Smits , another researcher at Philips .
" Frankly it worked much better than we expected . "
The team used the technique to construct a simple circuit that generates a code based on an input voltage .
Although the system depends on the preprinted electrodes to act as a template , the circuit is truly self - assembling , says de Leeuw : " We dump it in a beaker with a solution of the molecules , we take it out , we wash it , and it works . "
The new technique is impressive but still needs improvement , says Hagen Klauk , an electrical engineer at the Max Planck Institute for Solid State Research in Stuttgart , Germany .
" Self - assembly and nanotechnology is certainly cool , but the one thing missing is higher performance , " he says .
The mobility of electrons through the circuit , he explains , means that the transistors would make for a very slow computer .
Klauk hopes that improving the characteristics of the molecules and tweaking the technique will eventually lead to self - assembling circuits that out - perform existing technologies , which use thick films of organic molecules .
For his part , de Leeuw says the next step will be figuring out a way to develop self - assembling electrodes .
In the meantime , however , he says the group 's circuits may already have a use .
Because the bridge of molecules is very thin , it is extraordinarily sensitive to passing particles .
The team believes that it could be used to develop sensors for different kinds of airborne material , such as pathogens or dangerous chemicals .
The Story of the Inexperienced Ghost
The scene amidst which Clayton told his last story comes back very vividly to my mind .
There he sat , for the greater part of the time , in the corner of the authentic settle by the spacious open fire , and Sanderson sat beside him smoking the Broseley clay that bore his name .
There was Evans , and that marvel among actors , Wish , who is also a modest man .
We had all come down to the Mermaid Club that Saturday morning , except Clayton , who had slept there overnight -- which indeed gave him the opening of his story .
We had golfed until golfing was invisible ; we had dined , and we were in that mood of tranquil kindliness when men will suffer a story .
When Clayton began to tell one , we naturally supposed he was lying .
It may be that indeed he was lying -- of that the reader will speedily be able to judge as well as I .
He began , it is true , with an air of matter - of - fact anecdote , but that we thought was only the incurable artifice of the man .
" I say ! " he remarked , after a long consideration of the upward rain of sparks from the log that Sanderson had thumped , " you know I was alone here last night ? "
" Except for the domestics , " said Wish .
" Who sleep in the other wing , " said Clayton .
" Yes .
Well --"
He pulled at his cigar for some little time as though he still hesitated about his confidence .
Then he said , quite quietly , " I caught a ghost ! "
" Caught a ghost , did you ? " said Sanderson .
" Where is it ? "
And Evans , who admires Clayton immensely and has been four weeks in America , shouted , " Caught a ghost , did you , Clayton ?
I 'm glad of it !
Tell us all about it right now . "
Clayton said he would in a minute , and asked him to shut the door .
He looked apologetically at me .
" There 's no eavesdropping of course , but we do n't want to upset our very excellent service with any rumours of ghosts in the place .
There 's too much shadow and oak panelling to trifle with that .
And this , you know , was n't a regular ghost .
I do n't think it will come again - - ever . "
" You mean to say you did n't keep it ? " said Sanderson .
" I had n't the heart to , " said Clayton .
And Sanderson said he was surprised .
We laughed , and Clayton looked aggrieved .
" I know , " he said , with the flicker of a smile , " but the fact is it really was a ghost , and I 'm as sure of it as I am that I am talking to you now .
I 'm not joking .
I mean what I say . "
Sanderson drew deeply at his pipe , with one reddish eye on Clayton , and then emitted a thin jet of smoke more eloquent than many words .
Clayton ignored the comment .
" It is the strangest thing that has ever happened in my life .
You know , I never believed in ghosts or anything of the sort , before , ever ; and then , you know , I bag one in a corner ; and the whole business is in my hands . "
He meditated still more profoundly , and produced and began to pierce a second cigar with a curious little stabber he affected .
" You talked to it ? " asked Wish .
" For the space , probably , of an hour . "
" Chatty ? " I said , joining the party of the sceptics .
" The poor devil was in trouble , " said Clayton , bowed over his cigar - end and with the very faintest note of reproof .
" Sobbing ? " some one asked .
Clayton heaved a realistic sigh at the memory .
" Good Lord ! " he said ; " yes . "
And then , " Poor fellow ! yes . "
" Where did you strike it ? " asked Evans , in his best American accent .
" I never realised , " said Clayton , ignoring him , " the poor sort of thing a ghost might be , " and he hung us up again for a time , while he sought for matches in his pocket and lit and warmed to his cigar .
" I took an advantage , " he reflected at last .
We were none of us in a hurry .
" A character , " he said , " remains just the same character for all that it 's been disembodied .
That 's a thing we too often forget .
People with a certain strength or fixity of purpose may have ghosts of a certain strength and fixity of purpose -- most haunting ghosts , you know , must be as one - idea'd as monomaniacs and as obstinate as mules to come back again and again .
This poor creature was n't . "
He suddenly looked up rather queerly , and his eye went round the room .
" I say it , " he said , " in all kindliness , but that is the plain truth of the case .
Even at the first glance he struck me as weak . "
He punctuated with the help of his cigar .
" I came upon him , you know , in the long passage .
His back was towards me and I saw him first .
Right off I knew him for a ghost .
He was transparent and whitish ; clean through his chest I could see the glimmer of the little window at the end .
And not only his physique but his attitude struck me as being weak .
He looked , you know , as though he did n't know in the slightest whatever he meant to do .
One hand was on the panelling and the other fluttered to his mouth .
Like -- SO ! "
" What sort of physique ? " said Sanderson .
" Lean .
You know that sort of young man 's neck that has two great flutings down the back , here and here -- so !
And a little , meanish head with scrubby hair -- And rather bad ears .
Shoulders bad , narrower than the hips ; turn - down collar , ready - made short jacket , trousers baggy and a little frayed at the heels .
That 's how he took me .
I came very quietly up the staircase .
I did not carry a light , you know -- the candles are on the landing table and there is that lamp -- and I was in my list slippers , and I saw him as I came up .
I stopped dead at that -- taking him in .
I was n't a bit afraid .
I think that in most of these affairs one is never nearly so afraid or excited as one imagines one would be .
I was surprised and interested .
I thought , ' Good Lord !
Here 's a ghost at last !
And I have n't believed for a moment in ghosts during the last five - and - twenty years . ' "
" Um , " said Wish .
" I suppose I was n't on the landing a moment before he found out I was there .
He turned on me sharply , and I saw the face of an immature young man , a weak nose , a scrubby little moustache , a feeble chin .
So for an instant we stood -- he looking over his shoulder at me and regarded one another .
Then he seemed to remember his high calling .
He turned round , drew himself up , projected his face , raised his arms , spread his hands in approved ghost fashion - - came towards me .
As he did so his little jaw dropped , and he emitted a faint , drawn - out ' Boo . '
No , it was n't -- not a bit dreadful .
I 'd dined .
I 'd had a bottle of champagne , and being all alone , perhaps two or three -- perhaps even four or five -- whiskies , so I was as solid as rocks and no more frightened than if I 'd been assailed by a frog .
' Boo ! '
I said .
' Nonsense .
You do n't belong to this place .
What are you doing here ?'
" I could see him wince .
' Boo - oo , ' he said .
" ' Boo - - be hanged !
Are you a member ? '
I said ; and just to show I did n't care a pin for him I stepped through a corner of him and made to light my candle .
' Are you a member ? '
I repeated , looking at him sideways .
" He moved a little so as to stand clear of me , and his bearing became crestfallen .
' No , ' he said , in answer to the persistent interrogation of my eye ; ' I 'm not a member - - I 'm a ghost . '
" ' Well , that does n't give you the run of the Mermaid Club .
Is there any one you want to see , or anything of that sort ? ' and doing it as steadily as possible for fear that he should mistake the carelessness of whisky for the distraction of fear , I got my candle alight .
I turned on him , holding it .
' What are you doing here ? ' I said .
" He had dropped his hands and stopped his booing , and there he stood , abashed and awkward , the ghost of a weak , silly , aimless young man .
' I 'm haunting , ' he said .
" ' You have n't any business to , ' I said in a quiet voice .
" 'I 'm a ghost , ' he said , as if in defence .
" ' That may be , but you have n't any business to haunt here .
This is a respectable private club ; people often stop here with nursemaids and children , and , going about in the careless way you do , some poor little mite could easily come upon you and be scared out of her wits .
I suppose you did n't think of that ?'
" ' No , sir , ' he said , ' I did n't . '
" ' You should have done .
You have n't any claim on the place , have you ?
Were n't murdered here , or anything of that sort ? '
" ' None , sir ; but I thought as it was old and oak - panelled --'
" ' That 's no excuse . '
I regarded him firmly .
' Your coming here is a mistake , ' I said , in a tone of friendly superiority .
I feigned to see if I had my matches , and then looked up at him frankly .
' If I were you I would n't wait for cock - crow - - I 'd vanish right away . '
" He looked embarrassed .
' The fact is , sir --' he began .
" ' I 'd vanish , ' I said , driving it home .
" ' The fact is , sir , that -- somehow - - I can 't . '
" ' You can 't ? '
" ' No , sir .
There 's something I 've forgotten .
I 've been hanging about here since midnight last night , hiding in the cupboards of the empty bedrooms and things like that .
I 'm flurried .
I 've never come haunting before , and it seems to put me out . '
" ' Put you out ? '
" ' Yes , sir .
I 've tried to do it several times , and it does n't come off .
There 's some little thing has slipped me , and I can't get back . '
" That , you know , rather bowled me over .
He looked at me in such an abject way that for the life of me I could n't keep up quite the high , hectoring vein I had adopted .
' That 's queer , ' I said , and as I spoke I fancied I heard some one moving about down below .
' Come into my room and tell me more about it , ' I said .
' I did n't , of course , understand this , ' and I tried to take him by the arm .
But , of course , you might as well have tried to take hold of a puff of smoke !
I had forgotten my number , I think ; anyhow , I remember going into several bedrooms -- it was lucky I was the only soul in that wing -- until I saw my traps .
' Here we are , ' I said , and sat down in the arm - chair ; ' sit down and tell me all about it .
It seems to me you have got yourself into a jolly awkward position , old chap . '
" Well , he said he would n't sit down !
he 'd prefer to flit up and down the room if it was all the same to me .
And so he did , and in a little while we were deep in a long and serious talk .
And presently , you know , something of those whiskies and sodas evaporated out of me , and I began to realise just a little what a thundering rum and weird business it was that I was in .
There he was , semi- transparent -- the proper conventional phantom , and noiseless except for his ghost of a voice -- flitting to and fro in that nice , clean , chintz - hung old bedroom .
You could see the gleam of the copper candlesticks through him , and the lights on the brass fender , and the corners of the framed engravings on the wall , -- and there he was telling me all about this wretched little life of his that had recently ended on earth .
He had n't a particularly honest face , you know , but being transparent , of course , he could n't avoid telling the truth . "
" Eh ? " said Wish , suddenly sitting up in his chair .
" What ? " said Clayton .
" Being transparent - - could n't avoid telling the truth -- I do n't see it , " said Wish .
" I do n't see it , " said Clayton , with inimitable assurance .
" But it is so , I can assure you nevertheless .
I do n't believe he got once a nail 's breadth off the Bible truth .
He told me how he had been killed -- he went down into a London basement with a candle to look for a leakage of gas -- and described himself as a senior English master in a London private school when that release occurred . "
" Poor wretch ! " said I .
" That 's what I thought , and the more he talked the more I thought it .
There he was , purposeless in life and purposeless out of it .
He talked of his father and mother and his schoolmaster , and all who had ever been anything to him in the world , meanly .
He had been too sensitive , too nervous ; none of them had ever valued him properly or understood him , he said .
He had never had a real friend in the world , I think ; he had never had a success .
He had shirked games and failed examinations .
' It 's like that with some people , ' he said ; ' whenever I got into the examination - room or anywhere everything seemed to go . '
Engaged to be married of course -- to another over - sensitive person , I suppose -- when the indiscretion with the gas escape ended his affairs .
' And where are you now ? '
I asked .
' Not in --?'
" He was n't clear on that point at all .
The impression he gave me was of a sort of vague , intermediate state , a special reserve for souls too non-existent for anything so positive as either sin or virtue .
I do n't know .
He was much too egotistical and unobservant to give me any clear idea of the kind of place , kind of country , there is on the Other Side of Things .
Wherever he was , he seems to have fallen in with a set of kindred spirits : ghosts of weak Cockney young men , who were on a footing of Christian names , and among these there was certainly a lot of talk about ' going haunting ' and things like that .
Yes -- going haunting !
They seemed to think ' haunting ' a tremendous adventure , and most of them funked it all the time .
And so primed , you know , he had come . "
" But really ! " said Wish to the fire .
" These are the impressions he gave me , anyhow , " said Clayton , modestly .
" I may , of course , have been in a rather uncritical state , but that was the sort of background he gave to himself .
He kept flitting up and down , with his thin voice going talking , talking about his wretched self , and never a word of clear , firm statement from first to last .
He was thinner and sillier and more pointless than if he had been real and alive .
Only then , you know , he would not have been in my bedroom here -- if he had been alive .
I should have kicked him out . "
" Of course , " said Evans , " there are poor mortals like that . "
" And there 's just as much chance of their having ghosts as the rest of us , " I admitted .
" What gave a sort of point to him , you know , was the fact that he did seem within limits to have found himself out .
The mess he had made of haunting had depressed him terribly .
He had been told it would be a ' lark ' ; he had come expecting it to be a ' lark , ' and here it was , nothing but another failure added to his record !
He proclaimed himself an utter out - and - out failure .
He said , and I can quite believe it , that he had never tried to do anything all his life that he had n't made a perfect mess of -- and through all the wastes of eternity he never would .
If he had had sympathy , perhaps --.
He paused at that , and stood regarding me .
He remarked that , strange as it might seem to me , nobody , not any one , ever , had given him the amount of sympathy I was doing now .
I could see what he wanted straight away , and I determined to head him off at once .
I may be a brute , you know , but being the Only Real Friend , the recipient of the confidences of one of these egotistical weaklings , ghost or body , is beyond my physical endurance .
I got up briskly .
' Do n't you brood on these things too much , ' I said .
' The thing you 've got to do is to get out of this get out of this -- sharp .
You pull yourself together and try . '
' I can 't , ' he said .
' You try , ' I said , and try he did . "
" Try ! " said Sanderson .
" How ? "
" Passes , " said Clayton .
" Passes ? "
" Complicated series of gestures and passes with the hands .
That 's how he had come in and that 's how he had to get out again .
Lord ! what a business I had ! "
" But how could any series of passes -- ? " I began .
" My dear man , " said Clayton , turning on me and putting a great emphasis on certain words , " you want everything clear .
I do n't know how .
All I know is that you do -- that he did , anyhow , at least .
After a fearful time , you know , he got his passes right and suddenly disappeared . "
" Did you , " said Sanderson , slowly , " observe the passes ? "
" Yes , " said Clayton , and seemed to think .
" It was tremendously queer , " he said .
" There we were , I and this thin vague ghost , in that silent room , in this silent , empty inn , in this silent little Friday - night town .
Not a sound except our voices and a faint panting he made when he swung .
There was the bedroom candle , and one candle on the dressing - table alight , that was all - - sometimes one or other would flare up into a tall , lean , astonished flame for a space .
And queer things happened .
' I can 't , ' he said ; ' I shall never --!'
And suddenly he sat down on a little chair at the foot of the bed and began to sob and sob .
Lord ! what a harrowing , whimpering thing he seemed !
" ' You pull yourself together , ' I said , and tried to pat him on the back , and . . . my confounded hand went through him !
By that time , you know , I was n't nearly so -- massive as I had been on the landing .
I got the queerness of it full .
I remember snatching back my hand out of him , as it were , with a little thrill , and walking over to the dressing - table .
' You pull yourself together , ' I said to him , ' and try . '
And in order to encourage and help him I began to try as well . "
" What ! " said Sanderson , " the passes ? "
" Yes , the passes . "
" But - - " I said , moved by an idea that eluded me for a space .
" This is interesting , " said Sanderson , with his finger in his pipe - bowl .
" You mean to say this ghost of yours gave away - - "
" Did his level best to give away the whole confounded barrier ?
Yes . "
" He did n't , " said Wish ; " he could n't .
Or you 'd have gone there too . "
" That 's precisely it , " I said , finding my elusive idea put into words for me .
" That is precisely it , " said Clayton , with thoughtful eyes upon the fire .
For just a little while there was silence .
" And at last he did it ? " said Sanderson .
" At last he did it .
I had to keep him up to it hard , but he did it at last -- rather suddenly .
He despaired , we had a scene , and then he got up abruptly and asked me to go through the whole performance , slowly , so that he might see .
' I believe , ' he said , 'if I could see I should spot what was wrong at once . '
And he did .
' I know , ' he said .
' What do you know ? ' said I. ' I know , ' he repeated .
Then he said , peevishly , ' I can't do it if you look at me -- I really can't ; it 's been that , partly , all along .
I 'm such a nervous fellow that you put me out . '
Well , we had a bit of an argument .
Naturally I wanted to see ; but he was as obstinate as a mule , and suddenly I had come over as tired as a dog -- he tired me out .
' All right , ' I said , ' I wo n't look at you , ' and turned towards the mirror , on the wardrobe , by the bed .
He started off very fast .
I tried to follow him by looking in the looking - glass , to see just what it was had hung .
Round went his arms and his hands , so , and so , and so , and then with a rush came to the last gesture of all - - you stand erect and open out your arms -- and so , do n't you know , he stood .
And then he did n't !
He did n't !
He was n't !
I wheeled round from the looking - glass to him .
There was nothingl I was alone , with the flaring candles and a staggering mind .
What had happened ?
Had anything happened ?
Had I been dreaming ? . . .
And then , with an absurd note of finality about it , the clock upon the landing discovered the moment was ripe for striking one .
So !-- Ping !
And I was as grave and sober as a judge , with all my champagne and whisky gone into the vast serene .
Feeling queer , you know -- confoundedly queer !
Queer ! Good Lord ! "
He regarded his cigar - ash for a moment .
" That 's all that happened , " he said .
" And then you went to bed ? " asked Evans .
" What else was there to do ? "
I looked Wish in the eye .
We wanted to scoff , and there was something , something perhaps in Clayton 's voice and manner , that hampered our desire .
" And about these passes ? " said Sanderson .
" I believe I could do them now . "
" Oh ! " said Sanderson , and produced a penknife and set himself to grub the dottel out of the bowl of his clay .
" Why do n't you do them now ? " said Sanderson , shutting his pen-knife with a click .
" That 's what I 'm going to do , " said Clayton .
" They wo n't work , " said Evans .
" If they do - - " I suggested .
" You know , I 'd rather you did n't , " said Wish , stretching out his legs .
" Why ? " asked Evans .
" I 'd rather he did n't , " said Wish .
" But he has n't got 'em right , " said Sanderson , plugging too much tobacco in his pipe .
" All the same , I 'd rather he did n't , " said Wish .
We argued with Wish .
He said that for Clayton to go through those gestures was like mocking a serious matter .
" But you do n't believe - - ? " I said .
Wish glanced at Clayton , who was staring into the fire , weighing something in his mind .
" I do -- more than half , anyhow , I do , " said Wish .
" Clayton , " said I , " you 're too good a liar for us .
Most of it was all right .
But that disappearance . . . happened to be convincing .
Tell us , it 's a tale of cock and bull . "
He stood up without heeding me , took the middle of the hearthrug , and faced me .
For a moment he regarded his feet thoughtfully , and then for all the rest of the time his eyes were on the opposite wall , with an intent expression .
He raised his two hands slowly to the level of his eyes and so began .
. . .
Now , Sanderson is a Freemason , a member of the lodge of the Four Kings , which devotes itself so ably to the study and elucidation of all the mysteries of Masonry past and present , and among the students of this lodge Sanderson is by no means the least .
He followed Clayton 's motions with a singular interest in his reddish eye .
" That 's not bad , " he said , when it was done .
" You really do , you know , put things together , Clayton , in a most amazing fashion .
But there 's one little detail out . "
" I know , " said Clayton .
" I believe I could tell you which . "
" Well ? "
" This , " said Clayton , and did a queer little twist and writhing and thrust of the hands .
" Yes . "
" That , you know , was what he could n't get right , " said Clayton .
" But how do you --? "
" Most of this business , and particularly how you invented it , I do n't understand at all , " said Sanderson , " but just that phase - - I do . "
He reflected .
" These happen to be a series of gestures -- connected with a certain branch of esoteric Masonry .
Probably you know .
Or else - - how ? "
He reflected still further .
" I do not see I can do any harm in telling you just the proper twist .
After all , if you know , you know ; if you do n't , you do n't . "
" I know nothing , " said Clayton , " except what the poor devil let out last night . "
" Well , anyhow , " said Sanderson , and placed his churchwarden very carefully upon the shelf over the fireplace .
Then very rapidly he gesticulated with his hands .
" So ? " said Clayton , repeating .
" So , " said Sanderson , and took his pipe in hand again .
" Ah , now , " said Clayton , " I can do the whole thing - - right . "
He stood up before the waning fire and smiled at us all .
But I think there was just a little hesitation in his smile .
" If I begin - - " he said .
" I would n't begin , " said Wish .
" It 's all right ! " said Evans .
" Matter is indestructible .
You do n't think any jiggery - pokery of this sort is going to snatch Clayton into the world of shades .
Not it !
You may try , Clayton , so far as I 'm concerned , until your arms drop off at the wrists . "
" I do n't believe that , " said Wish , and stood up and put his arm on Clayton 's shoulder .
" You 've made me half believe in that story somehow , and I do n't want to see the thing done ! "
" Goodness ! " said I , " here 's Wish frightened ! "
" I am , " said Wish , with real or admirably feigned intensity .
" I believe that if he goes through these motions right he 'll go . "
" He 'll not do anything of the sort , " I cried .
" There 's only one way out of this world for men , and Clayton is thirty years from that .
Besides . . .
And such a ghost !
Do you think --? "
Wish interrupted me by moving .
He walked out from among our chairs and stopped beside the tole and stood there .
" Clayton , " he said , " you 're a fool . "
Clayton , with a humorous light in his eyes , smiled back at him .
" Wish , " he said , " is right and all you others are wrong .
I shall go .
I shall get to the end of these passes , and as the last swish whistles through the air , Presto !-- this hearthrug will be vacant , the room will be blank amazement , and a respectably dressed gentleman of fifteen stone will plump into the world of shades .
I 'm certain .
So will you be .
I decline to argue further .
Let the thing be tried . "
" No , " said Wish , and made a step and ceased , and Clayton raised his hands once more to repeat the spirit's passing .
By that time , you know , we were all in a state of tension -- largely because of the behaviour of Wish .
We sat all of us with our eyes on Clayton -- I , at least , with a sort of tight , stiff feeling about me as though from the back of my skull to the middle of my thighs my body had been changed to steel .
And there , with a gravity that was imperturbably serene , Clayton bowed and swayed and waved his hands and arms before us .
As he drew towards the end one piled up , one tingled in one 's teeth .
The last gesture , I have said , was to swing the arms out wide open , with the face held up .
And when at last he swung out to this closing gesture I ceased even to breathe .
It was ridiculous , of course , but you know that ghost - story feeling .
It was after dinner , in a queer , old shadowy house .
Would he , after all --?
There he stood for one stupendous moment , with his arms open and his upturned face , assured and bright , in the glare of the hanging lamp .
We hung through that moment as if it were an age , and then came from all of us something that was half a sigh of infinite relief and half a reassuring " No ! "
For visibly - - he was n't going .
It was all nonsense .
He had told an idle story , and carried it almost to conviction , that was all ! . . .
And then in that moment the face of Clayton , changed .
It changed .
It changed as a lit house changes when its lights are suddenly extinguished .
His eyes were suddenly eyes that were fixed , his smile was frozen on his lips , and he stood there still .
He stood there , very gently swaying .
That moment , too , was an age .
And then , you know , chairs were scraping , things were falling , and we were all moving .
His knees seemed to give , and he fell forward , and Evans rose and caught him in his arms .
. . .
It stunned us all .
For a minute I suppose no one said a coherent thing .
We believed it , yet could not believe it .
. . .
I came out of a muddled stupefaction to find myself kneeling beside him , and his vest and shirt were torn open , and Sanderson 's hand lay on his heart .
. . .
Well -- the simple fact before us could very well wait our convenience ; there was no hurry for us to comprehend .
It lay there for an hour ; it lies athwart my memory , black and amazing still , to this day .
Clayton had , indeed , passed into the world that lies so near to and so far from our own , and he had gone thither by the only road that mortal man may take .
But whether he did indeed pass there by that poor ghost 's incantation , or whether he was stricken suddenly by apoplexy in the midst of an idle tale -- as the coroner 's jury would have us believe -- is no matter for my judging ; it is just one of those inexplicable riddles that must remain unsolved until the final solution of all things shall come .
All I certainly know is that , in the very moment , in the very instant , of concluding those passes , he changed , and staggered , and fell down before us -- dead !
Literature Network » H.G. Wells » The Story of the Inexperienced Ghost
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Sports betting on the horizon
The legal sports betting in D.C Washington is almost on the horizon after the Amendment Act in 2018 to legalize sports betting .
The new D.C. law permits sports betting in the federal capital where there are no casinos .
The closest place to Washington with legal sports betting is a casino in Charles Town , West Virginia .
Lately , New Jersey is viewed as the crown jewel of sports betting models with wagers more than any other betting state , surpassing Nevada and even Las Vegas .
Early in May 2018 , The Supreme Court struck down the law that banned sports betting in most U.S. states .
Since the end of the federal ban , Washington DC has been on passing legalization .
Intralot , a Greek company managing lottery and sports betting in many states of the U.S , is given the opportunity to run all online / mobile sports betting operations .
In this way without any casinos and horse tracks , so - called the traditional gambling establishments , Washington D.C. embraces online and mobile betting options .
Outlining the most important outlook
Sports betting is expected to be officially legal early in the spring of 2019 ;
All sports betting activity will be supervised by the DC lottery ;
The revenue tax for operators of 10 % ;
All sports betting in DC will be controlled by DC Lottery and monopoly will be given on mobile sports betting ;
Professional Sports Venues will have the rights of banning at their venues
Class A- Licenses with the major sports arenas will be :
Elizabeth ’s East Entertainment and Sports Arena , Nationals Park , Audi Field , and the Capital One Arena .
Each of them must pay a license fee of $ 250,000 lasting for 5 years .
They will be immune to Intralot monopoly ;
RFK Stadium is on federal land and gambling will not be allowed
Class B Licenses :
Include any other business looking for a break into the gaming space with a license of $ 50,000 valid for five years .
The retailers can purchase a two - year ’s license for $ 5,000 .
Washington D.C. sports betting
Fans can expect a large selection of sports , leagues , and kinds of wagers to be available in Washington DC
Residents will have the chance to support their favorite teams with a great choice of bets on the following sports disciplines :
Basketball , soccer , baseball ;
Golf , Hockey ; martial arts , League of Legends ;
Football , Tennis ;
Sports betting locations in Washington D.C .
Sport betting fans can find gambling outlets at :
sports venues ;
licensed sports bars ;
stadiums ;
convenience store kiosks ;
Lottery controlled mobile app .
The future of sports betting
The final rules have n’t been announced yet , as the new law is in the process of passing .
The aim is to have sportsbooks open by the time the 2019 NFL season begins in the early September .
By the new legalization , the District hopes to bring gambling to the legal market with a profit of $ 17.1 million in tax next year .
It is still unclear if there will be one law which will cover the whole country or if the government will allow each state to decide when and how to legislate sports betting .
If the latter occurs , then we do n’t expect sports betting to be available in all 50 states at once .
F# is a functional language , created by Microsoft .
Implemented under .NET CLR , it ’s a typed language , with access to .NET framework .
It inherits most of ML / OCaml features .
F# was born in Microsoft Research , and its main creator is Don Syme .
Although is a functional language , it supports object programming , too .
After years of development , now it ’s mature .
It ’s gaining momentum in scientific community , thanks to its flexibility : it ’s not limited to its own library : it can access all .NET framework ( The image at left shows F# program running a demo using DirectX from . NET ) .
Citing Expert F# book promotion at Apress :
While inspired by OCaml , F# is n’t just another functional programming language .
Drawing on many of the strengths of both OCaml and .NET , it ’s a general –purpose language ideal for real–world development .
F# integrates functional , imperative , and object–oriented programming styles so you can flexibly and elegantly solve programming problems , and brings .NET development alive with interactive execution .
Whatever your background , you ’ll find that F# is easy to learn , fun to use , and extraordinarily powerful .
F# will help change the way you think about and go about programming .
There is lot of information about the language .
This post is a collection of links , blogs , posts , resources , books , about this very interesting language .
Links
The first page to visit Microsoft F# Home page :
Microsoft Research ’s website for F #
F# Manual
F# Documentation
There are blogs and forums at
hubFS -
The place for F# – F# news , forums and blogs
Personal blogs with F# info :
Don Syme ’s web log , a key source of information on F #
Robert Pickering ’s blog
Tomas Petricek
Granville Barnett ’s blog
Luke Hoban ’s blog
Chris Smith ( F# Tester )
Brian McNamara ( F# Dev )
Jomo Fisher ( F# Dev )
Andrew Kennedy ( MSR )
Luca Bolognese ( Managed Languages Principal PM )
Harry Pierson has written many post about functional programming , C# and F# :
DevHawk Functional Programming category
Posts and podcasts
Some links to blog posts ( there are hundreds in the above links ) , only to taste the language and its power :
Episode 18 - Matt Podwysocki on F# and Functional Programming Herding Code
Matt Podwysocki puts the fun in functional programming with a deep dive into F# .
Concurrency on a single thread
F# has the async computation expression for writing parallel programs .
F# September 2008 CTP
Released
The F# Team has released the F# September 2008 CTP .
F# Overview ( I. ) – Introduction Articles TomasP.Net
Functional Understanding
Practical F# Parsing - The Parse Buffer
Play Ball Script in F #
Units of Measure in F#- Part One , Introducing Units
The Weekly Source Code 34 – The Rise of F #
To listen
Herding Code 18 - Matthew Podwysocki on F# and Functional Programming
Software Engineering Radio Episode 108 – Simon Peyton Jones on Functional Programming and Haskel
. NET Rocks Episode 310 – Simon Peyton Jones on Functional Programming and Haskell
Examples
F# Samples – Home
Ant Colony Simulation
FsTest
FsUnit
F# Books
Foundations of F#
Every professional .NET programmer needs to learn about FP , and there ’s no better way to do it than by learning F#–and no easier way to learn F# than from Foundations of F#. Written by F# evangelist Rob Pickering , this is an elegant , comprehensive introduction to all aspects of the language and an incisive guide to using F# for real - world professional development .
by Robert Pickering | ISBN - 13 : 978-1-59059-757-6 | Published May 2007 | 360 pp .
Expert F#
Written by F# ’s inventor and two major contributors to its development , Expert F# is the authoritative , comprehensive , and in–depth guide to the language and its use .
Designed to help others become experts , the first part of the book quickly yet carefully describes the F# language .
The second part then carefully shows how to use F# elegantly for a wide variety of practical programming tasks .
by Don Syme , Adam Granicz , Antonio Cisternino | ISBN - 13 : 978-1-59059-850-4 | Published Dec 2007 | 609 pp .
Another book by Jon Harrop :
F# for Scientists
F# for Scientists will bring you up to speed with basic syntax and programming language concepts .
Written in a clear and concise style with practical and enlightening examples , this book is accessible and easy to understand .
By reviewing the Visual Studio screen shots that illustrate compilation , debugging and interactive use , you will understand both the functional aspects of F# and the object - oriented task - based features that make F# so useful in practice .
Functional Programming
If you are looking for functional programming in general :
Functional Programming for the Rest of Us
Why Functional Programming Matters a classic by John Hughes
Why Haskell Matters
The classic paper by Backus backus.pdf
A “ potpurry ” of links :
Are FP and OO Incompatible Syntactic Styles -
A Gentle Introduction to Haskell , Version 98
About Erlang
APL ( programming language ) ( one of my first encounter with FP )
An APL Compiler ( Timothy Budd book )
The Cat Programming Language
YouTube – Tangible Functional Programming
Functional Programming Notables # 1 ( more links to FP )
The Little MLer
functional objects Felleisen
Erlang in Lisp
Free Online Functional Programming Books — FreeTechBooks.com
The Expression Lemma ( very geek , category theory , functional programming and LINQ !!)
Chaitin ’s construction ( more geeky , more category theory , Chaitin visited my country many times , he ’s argentinian )
On being stateful
The Glasgow Haskell Compiler
A Neighborhood of Infinity - You Could Have Invented Monads !
( And Maybe
InfoQ - Domain Specific Languages in Erlang
Functional C#
. NET and C# are moving to functional style .
All you want to know about programming functional C# at Mattew Podwysocki post :
Richmond Code Camp 2008.2 – Functional C# Recap
Other links :
Functional C# Project
Is C# Becoming a Functional Language - – Mads Torgersen
Functional C# – Learn from F# and LINQ
My Delicious
As usual , the links I found useful are added to my delicious .
Check :
http://delicious.com/ajlopez/fsharp
http://delicious.com/ajlopez/f%23
http://delicious.com/ajlopez/functionalprogramming
http://delicious.com/ajlopez/haskell
http://delicious.com/ajlopez/erlang
Angel “ Java ” Lopez
http://www.ajlopez.com/en
http://twitter.com/ajlopez
http://delicious.com/ajlopez
A new Oklahoma law permits women seeking abortion to avert their eyes while an ultrasound is performed -- but requires them to hear a description of what the ultrasound is displaying .
" Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent a pregnant
woman from averting her eyes from the ultrasound images required to be
provided to and reviewed with her . "
This is the " good news " of an
egregious law recently passed in Oklahoma making ultrasounds mandatory
for abortion patients .
But though I read the law carefully ( available here in its entirety ) ,
I could n’t find anything allowing women to also cover their ears during
the ultrasound .
This is unfortunate , because the law requires that
those performing the ultrasound " provide a simultaneous explanation of
what the ultrasound is depicting , " and also " provide a medical
description of the ultrasound images , which shall include the
dimensions of the embryo or fetus , the presence of cardiac activity , if
present and viewable , and the presence of external members and internal
organs , if present and viewable . "
Even those women who are aborting a
pregnancy caused by rape or incest are compelled to undergo such
mandated ultrasounds .
Ultrasounds have become one of the key weapons of anti-abortion
legislators .
A number of states require abortion providers to make
ultrasounds available ; a handful of others make viewing mandatory , but
Oklahoma is the first state , according to the Center for Reproductive Rights , that requires a woman to hear the description of an ultrasound image .
The Oklahoma law has the added perverse feature of preventing a
woman from suing her doctor if he or she intentionally withholds other
information about the fetus , such as an anomaly .
So , women are forced
to hear something they may not choose to hear , but are not entitled to
information that would be presumably of critical importance to them .
Such is the state of public policy when it is in the hands of
anti-abortion fanatics .
The Center has filed a challenge against the law ,
on behalf of a clinic in Tulsa , Reproductive Services , arguing that
this law " profoundly intrudes upon a patient ’s privacy , endangers her
health , and assaults her dignity . "
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
This Oklahoma law is particularly interesting to me , because I
am in the midst of writing a book on contemporary abortion provision .
I
have been of course documenting the many assaults– - physical , legal , and
cultural - –on abortion providers , but I also have been writing about what
constitutes good abortion care .
After interviewing and observing
numerous providers , and participating in their listserv discussions , I
realize that one of the core principles of this field is that all women
ca n’t be treated alike .
One - size - fits - all policies just do n’t make
sense , given the different needs and backgrounds of abortion patients .
I have been continually struck by the accounts I have heard of
providers attempting to " meet the woman where she is at , " to quote a
phrase frequently used in this field .
For example , the fact that abortion providers are predictably
appalled by the Oklahoma law does not preclude their recognition that
some abortion patients do in fact wish to see their ultrasound .
And
these women ’s requests are honored .
Common sense .
But it is not common sense - –or common decency - – that is driving
the Oklahoma legislators who passed this law .
Rather , the intent here ,
as with so many of the hundreds of anti-abortion bills that have been
passed , is to harass patients and make operations difficult , if not
impossible , for the provider community .
In the case of Reproductive
Services , the clinic challenging the law , the legislators may be
successful .
An article in the Tulsa World quotes the administrator of
the clinic saying her facility will probably not be able to survive financially
if this law is upheld , because of the added costs .
The clinic ,
incidentally , also provides contraceptive services and adoption
counseling and referrals .
As one of the wisest women I know in the abortion providing
community frequently says , when confronted with such blatantly cruel
legislation , " Dude , where ’s our country ? "
So the basic principle behind continuously variable transmissions are nothing new , and have been used successfully in snowmobiles and various cars over the years .
So why not simplify it and apply it to a bike , which does n't have nearly the torque requirements ?
The basic variator mechanism consists of two cones ( which act as the gears ) connected by a belt .
In order to change the input : output ratio you just need to slide the belt laterally along the cones .
In order to make sure that the change in gear ratio corresponds with the change in the bike 's speed , have a spring - tensioned centrifugal - governor style system so that as the rear wheel increases its rpm , flyout weights linked to the two cones automatically adjust their position .
Ideally , you'd be able to pedal at a consistant rate and the variable gearing would automatically do all the work for you .
KNOXVILLE , Tenn . --
Saying he would accept the university 's decision , an emotional Tennessee coach Phillip Fulmer confirmed Monday at a tension - filled news conference at Neyland Stadium that he would not return next season .
Fulmer , tearing up several different times and with many of his players openly glaring at Tennessee athletic director Mike Hamilton , made it clear that it was n't his decision to step aside after 17 seasons at his alma mater .
" Many fans have been supportive .
Some have been angry .
All of us are disappointed , " said Fulmer , who brought Tennessee its first national championship in 47 years in 1998 .
" I 'm proud that the accomplishments over the last 17 years have been part of such high expectations .
" Our Tennessee family is united in its goals , but divided in the right path to get there .
I love Tennessee too much to let her stay divided . "
Fulmer will coach the Vols ( 3 - 6 , 1 - 5 SEC ) throughout the remainder of this season .
They 've lost three of their last four games and are in danger of losing seven games in a season for only the second time in school history .
If so , it would also be their second losing season in the past four years .
Tennessee finished 5 - 6 in 2005 .
Hamilton and Fulmer met on Sunday , and Fulmer was told then that he would n't be back for his 18th season .
There was tenuous discussion between the two about how Fulmer 's exit would be couched .
Fulmer told his family Sunday night and began telling staff members on Monday .
During his comments at the news conference , Fulmer went through a long list of people he wanted to thank , including former athletic director Doug Dickey and former president Joe Johnson .
But he never mentioned Hamilton or current president John Petersen .
PkCrack - Breaking PkZip- encryption
What 's this ?
This package implements an algorithm that was developed by Eli Biham and Paul Kocher and that is described in this paper ( Postscript , 80 k ) .
The attack is a known plaintext attack , which means you have to know part of the encrypted data in order to break the cipher .
You can take a look at the README - file or the changelog of the package , or just download the sources ( Gzip 'd tar - file , 170k ) .
Executables for Windows ( ZIP - archive , 363k ) are also available .
" RElf " has kindly provided executables for OS / 2 ( ZIP - archive , 231k ) and DOS with DPMI ( ZIP - archive , 332k ) .
I have n't tested these .
Thanks !
Other links to cracking software
My Homepage
UNIX - AG Homepage
Rogers Cadenhead tells Threat Level on Monday he has taken down works from his Drudge Retort blog that The Associated Press has deemed an infringement of the nation 's oldest and largest news news - gathering operation 's copyrights .
The AP recently sent seven takedown notices to his social news site for the offense of reposting a few sentences or more and reprinting their headlines , sometimes linking those sentences and headlines to the full stories generated from the New York - based media concern .
And Cadenhead , whose site fosters commentary on others ' works , said he was unsure whether he would legally challenge the AP 's notices .
He said he was " absolutely " worried he could set bad precedent if he went to court .
Cadenhead notes that there is no " bright line " rule when it comes to defining actionable copyright infringement in the blogosphere – a statement backed by most copyright attorneys .
" If AP were to go after some small fish and get a ruling that running two sentences of stories was copyright infringement , that would have a chilling impact across the net , " Cadenhead said .
" The law lacks a bright line . "
For its part , the AP is doing an about - face of sorts .
It realizes that if it followed the logic of its take - down notices with Cadenhead , a zillion other sites would also get take - down notices .
Much of the blogosphere would likely be in violation – and a whack - a- mole litigation machine would follow .
But because of the Drudge Retort episode , the AP is formulating guidelines on how it would deal with intellectual property disputes with bloggers , with the end result treating blogging commentary sites different than non-human , news aggregation sites .
" We need to take a step back .
It does n't mean we 're going to try to define a legal standard for fair use .
All we 're saying , we 're going to figure out how the bloggers can use our content in a way we feel gives them a lot of leeway but still protects us , " Jim Kennedy , an AP vice - president , told Threat Level in an interview .
Kennedy added : " Do we really want to take this fight into the blogosphere ?
I think the answer to that question is , ' no we do n't . '
Bloggers are different .
That distinction was not being made .
To that extent , this has been a helpful episode . "
Here 's what AP's Irene Keselman , the co-op 's IP coordinator , told the Drudge Retort , according to Cadenhead : " The use is not fair use simply because the work copied happened to be a news article and that the use is of the headline and the first few sentences only .
This is a misunderstanding of the doctrine of ' fair use . '
AP considers taking the headline and lede of a story without a proper license to be an infringement of its copyrights . "
Intellectual property attorneys said the issue falls into murky legal terrain .
Last year , Google agreed to a licensing deal with Agence France Presse , which claimed indexing its leads to the wire service 's stories amounted to copyright infringement .
" If there was a court decision that said quoting from a news story without doing a lot of commentary was an infringement , then I think a lot of blogs would have to rethink there business model , " said Nancy Mertzel , a New York intellectual property attorney with Thelen Reid .
Kathleen Williamson , a Tucson - based IP lawyer , offered advice to bloggers :
" If the blogger were my client , I would advise reading the news and then writing one ’s own headlines and content just to avoid trouble . "
The Electronic Frontier Foundation offers a vast amount of blogging legal tools , with this warning : " There are no hard and fast rules for fair use ( and anyone who tells you that a set number of words or percentage of a work is " fair " is talking about guidelines , not the law ) .
The Copyright Act , the EFF says , sets out four factors when considering whether a work is fair use or a copyright violation .
Disclosure : I was a former AP legal affairs writer between 2000 and 2007 .
See Also :
The Pits : Georgia 's GOP Swipes the Peach State
for SuicideGirls.com – November 5 , 2008
The evil little &* %$ 's are doing it again .
Even as they drown in the anger of platoons of pissed - off voters , Republican operatives are swiping ballots with both hands .
Ground zero is Georgia .
It 's here where the sick little vulture named Saxby Chambliss won the US Senate seat six years ago by calling his Democratic opponent , a guy who'd lost three limbs in Vietnam , a friend of Osama bin Laden .
There 's no way in hell that Chambliss can slime his way back into the Senate in the face of over half a million newly registered voters ( Black and young – 69 % for Obama ) without jacking them out of their votes .
That 's what the Republicans are up to .
Right now .
As we speak .
Over 50,000 the new voters in Georgia have been blocked from voting by using a nasty little new law , the Help America Vote Act signed by George Bush .
( Bush is helping us vote – look out ! )
I just got this from Christina Rush in the Peach Pit state :
“ They really have stolen my vote and I do n't know what to do about it at this late stage .
I just found out 2 days ago that I do not exist on the voters rolls in Georgia .
I have disappeared .
After calling 866 - OUR VOTE and the Secretary of State ( for GA ) , it has been determined that the last vote I was accounted for was the 1996 General Election .
That 's awfully strange to me , considering that I voted in the recent Primaries and that last two General Elections ( 2000 and 2004 ) . ”
“ Everyone is ‘ very sorry ' this is happening , but no one can tell what I can do to make my vote count for THIS election .
The only advice I 've been given is to fill out a new voters registration form and I 'll be eligible for any future elections , just not THIS one . ”
“ So , what can I do except tell anyone and everyone who will listen ? ”
And no one is going to listen to you or the other 50,000 dumped voters in Georgia .
But here 's the good news : it wo n't save them .
The GOP is toast .
Paint the White House black and blue and Congress the same hue .
But the steal in Senate races may allow the GOP to savage , obstruct ,
sabotage President Obama 's ability to repair the damage of eight years of looting by the unelected junta of the Bush regime .
They begin with the theft of the Georgia Senate seat , now heading into a run-off .
* * *
I 've been studying the purge of voters and the blockade of new registrants all year with my co-investigator , Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Here 's what we know is happening :
While Obama is brushing his tux for his Inaugural , several million votes are getting disappeared .
We 're awaiting the count on provisional ballots , those bouncing baloney ballots they give to the purge , The raw data is ill - making .
We predicted a six - million vote heist and we 're looking grimly accurate .
Visit our site , www.GregPalast.com, to get the full report as the numbers come in – the totals of the UNcounted you wo n't see on the CNN website .
***********
Sign up to receive the Greg Palast 's investigative reports for BBC Television and Rolling Stone Magazine at www.GregPalast.com
Palast is a Nation Institute / Puffin Foundation Writing Fellow in investigative reporting .
Many same - sex couples said they would wait to apply for their licenses , which expire after 65 days , to have time to prepare for wedding celebrations in the spring and summer .
Indeed , advocates for same - sex marriage predicted that there would not be the same rush for licenses on Wednesday that there was in 2004 , when Massachusetts became the first state to legalize gay marriages , or in June , when California began performing them .
They cited both the short notice and the fact that Connecticut has , since 2005 , offered civil unions , which offer similar rights and benefits , for gay couples .
Still , lawyers and supporters of gay marriage called the day momentous , especially as a counterpoint to the passage last week of a ballot measure in California that invalidated a court decision legalizing gay marriage .
Connecticut voters overwhelmingly rejected a proposal , backed by opponents of same - sex marriage , for a constitutional convention that would allow for such direct voter initiatives on the ballot .
“ Today Connecticut sends a message of hope and promise to lesbian and gay people throughout the country who want to be treated as equal citizens by their government , ” said Ben Klein , a senior lawyer with Gay and Lesbian Advocates and Defenders , a Boston - based group that litigated the Connecticut case .
“ It ’s living proof that marriage equality is moving forward in this country . ”
City
Hall here was adorned with bunches of white balloons and giant sprays of long - stemmed red roses as Robin and Barbara Levine - Ritterman , who were among the eight named plaintiffs in the lawsuit against the state , obtained a marriage license , although they did not plan to marry immediately .
“ We ’re thinking about doing it in May , ” said Robin Levine - Ritterman , 49 , a naturopathic physician and acupuncturist .
“ But we really wanted to be part of this historic first . ”
But Ms. Oliveira , 36 , a yoga teacher and early childhood education consultant , and Ms. Vickery , 44 , a lawyer , did not wait .
Officiating at the simple ceremony , just before 11 a.m. , was their friend , Judge F. Herbert Gruendel of the State Appellate Court , who recalled Ms. Oliveira ’s saying five years ago on his porch that she would like to be married .
“ Today I can say to you that you are , ” he said .
One delegate at the meeting told the Independent : " They said they only wanted to return to a position they were in before the emergence of internet communication , when they were able to monitor all correspondence with a police suspect .
The difference here is they will be in a much better position to spy on many more people on the basis of their internet behaviour .
Also there 's a grey area between what is content and what is traffic .
Is what is said in a chat room content or just traffic ? "
ZURICH --
For years ,
Swiss scientists have blithely created genetically modified rice , corn and apples .
But did they ever stop to consider just how humiliating such experiments may be to plants ?
That 's a question they must now ask .
Last spring , this small Alpine nation began mandating that geneticists conduct their research without trampling on a plant 's dignity .
" Unfortunately , ...
Just saw this McCain ad over at Nate Silver ’s site :
Putting aside the obvious come - back this ad invites ( tell Senator McCain it ’s not 1938 ) , what are people supposed to take away from this bizarre ad ?
I thought it was an Obama ad .
Then I looked more closely and realized McCain is trying to play off of his line at the debate about not being George Bush ( if he ’s not George Bush , then why does he talk about him so much ? ) .
That ’s the “ joke ” – it ’s not 2004 , Bush is n’t running for president this time .
But the problem is , all most people see is a big blue square and the words “ Senator Obama ” – and then they coo warmly , thinking of our next president .
And if they bother to actually read the ad , they learn that it ’s not 2004 , which they already knew , and that they ’re supposed to tell Senator Obama that it ’s not 2004 , which is kind of an embarrassingly stupid thing to ask us to do , since we all pretty much assume that Obama is n’t senile .
Then , naturally , you start wondering if John McCain knows what year it is and whether that ’s why he think it ’s newsworthy to run an ad telling you what year it is ( or what year it ’s not ) .
Considering most people do n’t click through ads ( probably 99 % do n’t ) , the take - away from the McCain ad is :
1. Go Obama .
2 . It ’s not 2004 .
( Is thing going to be part of a series ?
“ Tell Senator Obama it ’s not 1492 ! ” )
3. Please tell Senator Obama what year it is n’t .
And John McCain wonders why he ’s losing .
By Frances Cronin
Newsbeat entertainment reporter
Little Britain USA was filmed as a six - part series in March this year Little Britain USA is to return for a second series , despite claims Americans failed to get the jokes and found it too rude .
Numerous headlines claimed Americans were shocked by the show , but the pair deny that it caused any controversy .
" I do n't think it really did , " Matt Lucas told Newsbeat .
He says the US network they made it for were very happy .
" We 're getting a second series .
It was very successful on HBO , it got good viewing figures , great reviews , everyone was really pleased , " David Walliams added .
" We 're delighted , we 're very proud of it . "
But they do admit that they pushed taste limits .
" It has some of our most outrageous things in it , " said Walliams .
" Tom and Mark those bodybuilders with the big muscles and their small ... it 's not for everybody but we thought it was funny .
" We 're always just trying to entertain people , not offend them , and I think if it's not your cup of tea , do n't watch it . "
' Nerve - racking ' Lucas and Walliams revealed the news of the second series on the Chris Moyles show while they plugged the programme 's DVD release , which is out on 1 December .
Despite the US having stricter rules about what is allowed on TV , Walliams said they did n't tone down any scenes but that there were n't any outtakes for a DVD .
Old and new characters were featured in the first series
Listen to David Walliams and Matt Lucas with Chris Moyles
He said : " I think we put all the really filthy stuff on screen , I think there might be a couple of rude scenes , but that 's what you get with Little Britain .
" It 's always been quite edgy humour but you know in Shakespeare there are jokes about bottoms and farts , this is the stuff of life and people like that kind of thing . "
The comic pair said it did them good to go to the US for the series .
" It was a bit nerve - racking at first because we had to prove we were funny all over again but that 's probably a good thing .
" It was like starting again and it was quite an exciting place to be . "
Lucas , who is in the middle of filming Alice in Wonderland with Johnny Depp and Tim Burton in Hollywood , has become particularly fond of spending time in the city .
" It 's very nice to visit Los Angeles , the sun 's out and you bump into big celebrities like Same Difference and you can have burgers for breakfast , lunch and dinner , " he joked .
" Oh yes , and I met Tom Cruise , Johnny Depp and Will Ferrell .
I forgot about them . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Turbo Productivity In Programming Is The Only Thing October 05 , 2008
After all my 27 years of writing code for a living ( and 34 since I wrote my first line of code ) the one thing matters most to me in choosing what to write code in is how quickly I can get the job done .
In my first job at a defense contractor , I met a couple guys ( I thought they were old but they were probably my age now ! ) who had been writing code since the late 50's and then writing batch applications on an IBM mainframe .
Since they could only compile / run once per day ( and get the printouts the next day ) they would work on 6 - 8 projects at the same time and were n't concerned when these projects might take years to complete .
After two weeks on this I was ready to go insane and got switched to working on a supermini which at least had a realtime operating system .
I could write code , compile it and run it at the same time .
The only drawback was we had 7 people sharing one terminal at the start .
Suggestions that each programmer get a terminal were laughed at initially .
Being productive in such a limited time was really hard .
After a couple years I switched to working on PCs ( which were just out ) and having my own " computer " was wonderful .
Working in Pascal and assembly still was n't fast yet but at least I had my own space .
Then I got Turbo Pascal and life was forever changed .
I could write , compile and debug applications virtually instantly and my need for speed has never looked back .
Even on the compared - to - today crappy hardware I never really found another environment as fast until I started using PHP this year ( which of course has no compilation ) .
Later when I started Mac coding in C we started off with a dreadful C compiler / linker that took 20 minutes to do its thing .
When Think - C came out it was almost a Turbo moment again .
Eventually it began to get slower and slower and we swtich to Metrowerks Codewarrior which was fast but the applications were getting so big that it still took 30 - 60 seconds to build sometimes .
When I moved to Java in 1998 compiling and linking still took a fairly long time until the IDEs ( and the JVM ) began to catch up to the hardware .
Still nothing was ever as instant as Turbo had been , despite the hardware being 100x faster .
One problem was that the environment the code ran in became so much more massive ; loading your code into an appserver often took longer than the build did .
Why am I such a speed freak that any of this mattered ?
It goes back to the way I learned how to code , even in my first Basic programs in high school , I 've always written a tiny bit of code , then desired to test it thoroughly ; rinse , repeat .
This bit at a time method has stuck with me through all the years of changes in languages , environments and targets .
Anything which slows me down between the code change and the test directly messes up my productivity terribly .
The more I am forced to batch up my changes the more effort it takes to produce a quality piece of code .
When it got really slow to do any work I thought I was going back to the " old " guys working on the mainframe .
At one job ( forever captured in WTF Stories # 2 : Here Little Virus , Virus )
I spent 3 months trying to write Java code in an environment where the virus checker would unpack and check ever . jar file everytime you touched it .
Opening the IDE took 20 minutes , deploying an app to Weblogic took 2 hours .
Basically coding virtually came to a standstill .
So to get my work done I switched to writing naked Ajax applications ; mostly javascript will only data access code written in Java .
This meant I could get work done without triggering the virus monster .
I began to have that Turbo feel again ( except when I had to compile the Java code , then I had to wait 30 minutes ) .
At my last job every project seemed to take forever to complete ( in the 10 months I was there only one app actually was completed ) .
Althought process in the company ( waterfall ) had a lot of blame , the standardized development environment ( rigidly enforced ) and the complicated set of Java technologies in use made sure nothing ever was accomplished .
I finally said to hell with it and switched to PHP .
Despite its shortcomings I have n't gotten so much done since , well , the Turbo days .
I can manage 6 projects at once , deploy stuff as I fix it , follow my a bit at a time development process and actually enjoy getting stuff done .
Now I am working on an iPhone app which means XCode ( shudder ) and compile / link cycles ( not to mention loading up the simulator ) so it 's not all rosy .
For web coding though life is good ; no more delays and both my productivity and my quality are way up again .
Why anyone would choose to pick complexity over productivity is beyond understanding .
Of course not every type of application can be done in a language like PHP , Python or Ruby ( to name a few ) but with the speed of today 's computers , it seems so lame to have to work with something that is way slower than writing Turbo Pascal on an 8088 IBM XT .
You would think after 25 years things would be faster today but often they are not .
This may be the " I want it now " generation today but I 've always wanted it now even then .
Just keep me away from the overnight batch runs !
[ Editor ’s warning : many of the links in this story lead back to the original sources of the drama .
We 've decided not to embed them in - line and thus we 've left it to you to decide to view .
Viewing them might be disturbing for some readers .
Please be advised . ]
In a tragic story from NewTeeVee , we learn that a 19 - year - old user of the online live - streaming video service Justin .
TV has apparently committed suicide in front of an audience of fellow forum dwellers egging him on during the process .
The death has been confirmed with the Broward County medical examiner and the timeline has been pieced together from several different forums that have chronicled the unfortunate series of events .
Most of the participants , as well as the deceased Abraham K. Biggs , were denizens of bodybuilding forum bodybuilding .com .
Biggs , also known as CandyJunkie on the forum and Feels Like Ecstasy on Justin .
TV , is alleged to have been a “ well known troll ” on the forum .
He created a thread in the “ misc ” category yesterday afternoon detailing the amount of drugs he planned to take with the intention to kill himself .
The moderators of the forum did n't take his threats seriously “ on account of his past trolling , ” and other forum members continued to egg him on .
At that point , Biggs posted his suicide note , which conveyed a general sense of depression and disappointment with life , not necessarily motivated by any hardship or cyber - bullying he may have received online .
At that point , Biggs turned on his Justin .
TV channel , took the pills and laid down to go to sleep on his bed .
After an unspecified amount of time , one forum member in particular from India became concerned by Biggs ’ lack of movement and hunted down the actual name and location .
He then pleaded with the forum to call the Miami - Dade police department , but was met with cynical replies declining to intervene on account of his “ troll status . ”
After several unsuccessful emails by the forum member to Miami - Dade police , he borrowed his father ’s mobile and spoke to a number of policemen who did n’t take the call seriously , but directed him to the Broward County Sheriff ’s Department .
Approximately an hour later , Biggs ' door was busted down and BSO and paramedics arrived on the scene .
After quickly confirming his status , covered the camera .
This Is n’t a Result of Cyber Bullying , but the Behavior is No Less Atrocious .
We ’re no stranger to covering suicides that take place with a large social component , and as chilling as it may be , this sort of thing will cease to be headline news in the future and actually be regarded as commonplace .
In 2004 , students of Japanese culture were shocked to learn of online suicide clubs amongst the youth there .
Over the the summer , I covered here at Mashable a series of suicides that were highly documented by virtue of their Bebo pages .
Children and young people committing suicide is not new .
Doing it in full view of the public by virtue of their social networking profiles or even live on camera as with Biggs is .
This is simply a side - effect of our always on culture .
It ’s easy to look for bad people or the misbehaved as scapegoats , and in this particular instance , there is plenty of blame to go around .
A screen capture of the chat room next to Biggs ’ camera shows a shocking disregard for his feelings and of human life in general .
Those of us who ’ve been denizens of the Internet for any length of time know this is nothing new .
Events such as this are bait for politicians and empathetic impetus for well - meaning citizens alike to come together with righteous fury for social change and try to either pass a law or convict a suspect to “ right the wrong , ” “ find justice , ” and “ prevent it from occurring again . ”
I wo n’t pretend to know the pain of Biggs ’ family , or any other family of a suicide victim , but as I said in the aftermath of the Bebo Suicide Cult , technology is n’t the demon here , only a conduit for the symptoms .
It is the portal that can allow us assist our loved ones and perhaps spot a tragedy like this some distance off .
Social media and social networking is meant to facilitate real live human interaction , which in the case of the depressed and suicidal can be what the doctor ordered .
When the world 's land was congealed in one supercontinent 240 million years ago , Antarctica was n't the forbiddingly icy place it is now .
But paleontologists have found a previously unknown amphibious predator species that probably still made it less than hospitable .
The species , named Kryostega collinsoni , is a temnospondyl , a prehistoric amphibian distantly related to modern salamanders and frogs .
K. collinsoni resembled a modern crocodile , and probably was about 15 feet in length with a long and wide skull even flatter than a crocodile's .
In addition to large upper and lower teeth at the edge of the mouth , temnospondyls often had tiny teeth on the roof of the palate .
However , fossil evidence shows the teeth on the roof of the mouth of the newly found species were probably as large as those at the edge of the mouth .
" Its teeth , compared to other amphibians , were just enormous .
It leads us to believe this animal was a predator taking down large prey , " said Christian Sidor , a University of Washington associate professor of biology and curator of vertebrate paleontology at the Burke Museum of Natural History and Culture at the UW .
Sidor is lead author of a paper describing the new species published in the September issue of the Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology .
Co-authors are Ross Damiani of Staatliches Museum für Naturkunde Stuttgart in Germany and William Hammer of Augustana College in Rock Island , Ill .
The scientists worked from a fossilized piece of the snout of K. collinsoni , analyzing structures present in more complete skulls for other temnospondyl species that had similar size characteristics .
advertisement
" The anatomy of the snout tells us what major group of amphibian this fossil belonged to , " Sidor said .
Teeth at the edge of the mouth , as well as on the palate roof , were clearly visible , and the presence of structures similar to those that allow fish and amphibians to sense changes in water pressure led the researchers to conclude that the species was aquatic .
The fossilized piece of snout also contains a nostril , which aided the scientists in judging proportions of the head when comparing it to other fossils .
They estimated the skull was about 2.75 feet long and perhaps 2 feet across at its widest point .
" Kryostega was the largest animal in Antarctica during the Triassic , " Sidor said .
The term " Kryostega " translates to ' frozen ' and ' roof , ' which refer to the top of the skull .
The scientists named the species for James Collinson , a professor emeritus of Earth sciences at Ohio State University who made important contributions to the study of Antarctic geology .
advertisement
Hammer collected the fossil in 1986 from an Antarctic geological layer called the Fremouw Formation .
He has studied a number of other Antarctic fossils , including dinosaurs , collected at about the same time , and so the temnospondyl fossil was not closely examined until the last couple of years .
At the time K. collinsoni was living , all the world 's land was massed into a giant continent called Pangea .
The area of Antarctica where the fossil was found was near what is now the Karoo Basin of South Africa , one of the richest fossil depositories on Earth .
Sidor noted that in the early Triassic period , from about 245 million to 251 million years ago , just before the period that produced the K. collinsoni fossil , it appears that Antarctica and South Africa were populated by largely the same species .
While Antarctica was still colder than much of the world , it was substantially warmer than it is today , though it still spent significant periods in complete darkness .
By the middle of the Triassic period perhaps only half the species were the same , he said , and in the early Jurassic period , around 190 million years ago , unique early dinosaur species were appearing in Antarctica .
" It could be that these animals were adjusting to their local environment by then , and we are seeing the results of speciation occurring at high latitude , " Sidor said .
" Here we have really good evidence that Antarctic climate was n't always the way it is today .
During the Triassic , it was warmer than it is today – it was warmer globally , not just in Antarctica . "
This work was funded in part by the National Science Foundation and the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation .
Inarguably the lamest symbol used by any group ever , the jesus fish has finally met its match : the barbeque .
Soft ringspun cotton in a fashion - fit cut .
sizing chart .
WASHINGTON  The Federal Bureau of Investigation is struggling to find enough agents and resources to investigate criminal wrongdoing tied to the country ’s economic crisis , according to current and former bureau officials .
The bureau slashed its criminal investigative work force to expand its national security role after the Sept. 11 attacks , shifting more than 1,800 agents , or nearly one - third of all agents in criminal programs , to terrorism and intelligence duties .
Current and former officials say the cutbacks have left the bureau seriously exposed in investigating areas like white - collar crime , which has taken on urgent importance in recent weeks because of the nation ’s economic woes .
The pressure on the F.B.I. has recently increased with the disclosure of criminal investigations into some of the largest players in the financial collapse , including Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
The F.B.I. is planning to double the number of agents working financial crimes by reassigning several hundred agents amid a mood of national alarm .
But some people inside and out of the Justice Department wonder where the agents will come from and whether they will be enough .
So depleted are the ranks of the F.B.I. ’s white - collar investigators that executives in the private sector say they have had difficulty attracting the bureau ’s attention in cases involving possible frauds of millions of dollars .
I was disappointed when this exciting match - up originally scheduled for UFC 89 was cancelled , due to Silva sustaining a back injury resulting in a forced withdrawal .
This is an intriguing battle with their contrasting yet equally effective fighting styles not to mention , one of them will no longer remain unbeaten when all is said and done .
Lyoto “ The Dragon ” Machida , a Karate black - belt age 13 is a technically adept fighter nullifying the strengths of opponents using great strategy carried out efficiently within the octagon .
Machida ’s elusive style is clearly not to everyone ’s taste but 7 out of his 8 Decision wins are by Unanimous rather than Split Decision , underlining the undoubted success of this approach .
The other 5 victories on his record include 2 Submissions and 3 by way of KO suggesting that perhaps the criticism received is a bit unwarranted .
Machida clearly possesses knockout power but prefers to grind opponents down frustrating them into making errors .
The fusion of Shotokan Karate , Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu ( BJJ ) and Sumo provides Lyoto with an array of tactics , tailor - made for each opponent with the same intention , to throw them of their game plan .
Lyoto will be hard to pin down as usual looking to catch Thiago on the counter in case he leaves himself too open .
A victory could elevate Machida towards the title shot he so craves and statistically deserves , against the winner of the Griffin / Evans Light Heavyweight title bout .
If this fight goes to the judges , in all probability it will be a Decision victory for “ The Dragon ” .
Thiago Silva formerly a Chute Box Academy fighter now training with American Top Team , possesses an all - action aggressive fight style always pushing the pace seldom giving opponents any respite .
His record reflects this with 10 wins coming via KO , 2 Submission wins and only 1 contest going past the 2nd round , that to in a Unanimous Decision victory .
The combination of superb striking along with a strong BJJ and Muay Thai background makes him an entertaining fighter who is a genuine threat in the Light Heavyweight division .
Being a forceful fighter perhaps makes
Thiago more susceptible to getting caught by submissions , though both are BJJ black - belts and equally comfortable on the ground .
In my opinion why change a winning formula , surely Silva adopting a more cautious approach simply nullifies his own strengths and hands the momentum to Machida .
Thiago should stick to the tried and tested aggressive approach , despite top fighters like Rich Franklin and Tito Ortiz having tried and failed to do so against Lyoto .
The critical factor boils down to Thiago Silva ’s cardio and whether he manages to chase down the elusive Lyoto Machida without getting caught on the counter .
My Final Verdict : If Thiago Silva wins it will be via KO , but I am leaning towards a Lyoto Machida victory by Unanimous Decision !
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
On the 16th floor of a nondescript building in lower Manhattan , a group of tech - savvy staffers clad mostly in jeans and T - shirts is changing the way Americans watch TV election coverage .
CNN 's John King uses the " Magic Wall " to illustrate and explain election projections .
Perceptive Pixel is a high - tech startup company .
You may not have heard of them , but you 've probably seen their most famous product : an interactive , Multi-Touch Collaboration Wall better known as CNN's " Magic Wall . "
Throughout the 2008 primaries and the general election , John King , CNN's Chief National Correspondent , has stood before the now - familiar electronic wall map , zooming in and out of battleground states with a few pokes of his fingers .
The big map allows
King to instantly tally electoral votes , shift swing states from one candidate 's camp to another 's and highlight red swaths of John McCain turf alongside blue pockets of support for Barack Obama .
" Multi - touch is a whole new way of working with the computer where you can actually use more than one finger at a time .
That means both hands , that means all ten fingers , that might mean multiple users in front of a screen , " says Jeff Han , founder and chief scientist of Perceptive Pixel .
" Never have you been able to manipulate this many objects , with this many degrees of freedom , at the same time . "
Watch the wall in action »
The inspiration for the multi - touch technology came from a decidedly non-digital event :
Han was drinking a glass of water .
He noticed the way light was interacting with his fingers as they touched the glass , and an ' Ah ha ! ' moment was born that put him straight to work .
" After you get an inspiration like that you run back to the lab where you have a lot of spare parts and all of a sudden , literally within days , you can start going to prototype , " he says .
" It was pretty neat . "
In 2006 , Han became the darling of the tech world after unveiling his multi- touch tricks at the annual technology , entertainment and design conference known as TED .
In front of some of the industry 's biggest movers and shakers , Han zigged and zagged his way across the screen , using both hands to manipulate images , draw cartoonish figures and toss around digital vacation photos like Polaroids .
By the time TED ended , Han knew his technology was a hit .
But he never expected that CNN would take his product mainstream .
Han was exhibiting his multi - touch screen at a military trade show when he bumped into some executives from the cable news network who saw a groundbreaking use for the technology .
That meeting marked the birth of King 's eight - foot - long electronic sidekick , which has gotten almost as much air time this year as Wolf Blitzer .
In recent months the " Magic Wall " has been parodied on Comedy Central 's " The Daily Show " and NBC's " Saturday Night Live , " on which cast member Fred Armisen played with the map like it was a toy .
David Bohrman , CNN's Washington Bureau Chief , praises the Magic Wall for giving viewers " both deep and clear information " in a visually interesting way .
" Here is a perfect example of how effective it can be : During our coverage of the Indiana primary , we were able to zoom in , county - by - county , to voting returns , and even though some of our competitors had already called the race , we were able to explain why we were n't able to do so , " Bohrman says .
" John King was able to show the votes outstanding , the votes in Gary , Indiana , and how the race could have gone for Obama or [ Hillary ] Clinton , with a slight difference in that county 's results .
We were actually able to show viewers a lot more information and make the story clearer . "
On Election Night , Bohrman anticipates the Magic Wall will allow King to display and interpret county - by - county votes for every state across the country .
" So if we 're able to project or not project a race , we will explain to viewers why , " he says .
New additions to the Magic Wall also will allow it to illustrate balance of power scenarios in the Senate , Bohrman says .
Other television networks have since added similar products to their news coverage .
Han declines to reveal the workings of his technology , but he believes the screen will have an impact on much more than the nightly news .
" We 're just scratching the surface of what 's possible with it , " he says .
" We see huge growth in diverse areas such as creative applications , architecture , in education , in collaborative brainstorming , ideation processes -- which starts to cover a huge range of companies . "
Han is tight - lipped about Perceptive Pixel 's current clients , although he tells CNN , " most of our customers are three - letter agencies , classified work , a lot of secret stuff . "
As his touch - screens have risen in popularity -- Han says there are still some obstacles in getting people to understand how they work .
Han 's multi - touch screens are undeniably cool , with a seemingly magnetic effect on users and audiences alike .
One of Han 's presentations has been viewed on YouTube over 250,000 times .
But he says he does n't get too caught up in their revolutionary potential .
" I do n't see one kind of interface , multi - touch or whatever it is , [ replacing ] the traditional keyboard and mouse , " he says .
" When the mouse came about , the keyboard did n't go away . "
All About Information Technology • U.S. Presidential Election • YouTube Inc .
Toshiba today announced a new world first for 1.8 - inch drives with their MK2529GSG model which holds an impressive 250GB .
The 5,400rpm drive uses a SATA interface with a 3 Gbps data transfer rate , has a seek time of just 15 ms and is a mere 8 mm ( 0.31 - inch ) thin , making it ideal for ultra-portable laptops and portable media players .
The drive manages to top Toshiba ’s former world record , which was set only a few weeks ago with their 240 GB MK2431GAH drive .
This further improves upon their 160 GB MK1617GSG record in June .
This new model not only has improved storage capacity , but is also zippier thanks to the inclusion of a SATA interface .
It should provide some stiff competition to the slim but expensive Solid State Drives on offer for ultra-portables .
The MK2529GSG measures a mere 54 mm ( 2.13 ″ ) x 78.5 mm ( 3.09 ″ ) x 8 mm ( 0.31 ″ ) and has a weight of 62g ( 2.18 ounces ) .
The drive is scheduled for mass production in November .
Sources :
Toshiba Press Release ( translated ) via CrunchGear
Ben Smith at Politico echoes what many are thinking – John McCain put John McCain first , as he always does :
McCain suspends his campaign , and asks to postpone Friday ’s debate , to address the financial crisis .
Both candidates have been marginal players ; McCain , though , seems to have the potential to make himself a major one , and his move is a mark , most of all , that he does n’t like the way this campaign is going .
But in terms of the timing of this move :
The only thing that ’s changed in the last 48 hours is the public polling .
HANOI -- As a U.S. Navy pilot , John McCain flew 23 bombing sorties over Vietnam before he was shot down and incarcerated in the infamous " Hanoi Hilton " prison camp .
The courage he displayed behind bars gave him the aura of a war hero , and it is still powering his electoral appeal .
Yet now , even the jailers who once tortured Sen.
McCain are lining up to offer effusive -- if somewhat embarrassing -- endorsements for his presidential candidacy .
" If ...
A newly reissued Department of Defense directive ( pdf ) explicitly prohibits several of the more controversial interrogation techniques that have previously been practiced against suspected enemy combatants .
So , for example , the new directive states that “ Use of SERE [ Survival , Evasion , Resistance , and Escape ] techniques against a person in the custody or effective control of the Department of Defense or detained in a DoD facility is prohibited . ”
Waterboarding , in which a sensation of drowning is induced , is one such SERE technique .
In another new prohibition , the directive states that “ No dog shall be used as part of an interrogation approach or to harass , intimidate , threaten , or coerce a detainee for interrogation purposes . ”
Yet another new prohibition limits the role of psychologists advising interrogators : “ Behavioral science consultants may not be used to determine detainee phobias for the purpose of exploitation during the interrogation process . ”
The new directive states that it simply “ codifies existing DoD policies . ”
The restrictions noted above , however , did not appear in the prior edition of this directive ( pdf ) , dated 2005 .
See “ DoD Intelligence Interrogations , Detainee Debriefings , and Tactical Questioning , ” DoD Directive 3115.09 , October 9 , 2008 .
There have been previous hints of US newspapers giving up on the Associated Press news agency .
Now the revolt against AP is becoming a reality as more and more papers announce that they are dropping the service .
One of the largest chains , the Tribune Company , said last week that it would drop out of the association in order to cut costs .
A handful of smaller papers have made the same move over the last few months .
The savings can be substantial .
The Columbus Dispatch said it will save more than $ 800,000 ( £ 431,000 ) a year by pulling out .
Editors and publishers have not only criticised AP 's charges .
They argue that it delivers too little of what they need and is also acting as their competitor on the net .
But AP 's executive editor Kathleen Carroll says the protests stem from " some element of misunderstanding about what AP is trying to do " and frustration over the papers ' finances .
Contractually , papers must give two years ' notice to drop the service , so those that recently opted out have until 2010 to change their minds .
AP executives suspect that some papers are using that notice as leverage to bargain for lower rates .
( Via New York Times )
What Does n’t Kill You Photos
‘s “ ” premiered at the Toronto Film Festival in September and today we the trailer for it .
The film is the latest , based on the real life of writer / director Brian Goodman .
In the film , andstar as two South Boston kids who grew up as street thugs that eventually realize it ’s either prison or family .
“ What Does n’t Kill You ” also stars , screenplay was written by Brian Goodman , screenwriter ( The Black Rose , Cruel World ) , and .
Yari Film Group movie will see its limited U.S. release on December 12 . [ flv ]
http://media2.firstshowing.net/firstshowing/whatdoesntkillyou-trailer.flv[/flv]
Have you heard ?
Someone 's suing Classmates.com over those e-mails it 's been blasting the world with for the past decade .
My reaction ?
It 's about damned time .
Here 's the scoop : A man from San Diego says he received e-mails from Classmates.com claiming his former classmates were " trying to contact him " through the site .
( Surely you 've received one or 100 of those , too -- I know I have . )
Our guy joined the service , paying for a premium membership ( $ 15 for 3 months ) to gain access .
Then , he said , he discovered that no old friends had attempted to get in touch or even looked up his name .
" Of those www.classmates.com users who were characterized ... as members who viewed Plaintiff 's profile , none were former classmates of Plaintiff or persons familiar with or known to Plaintiff for that matter , " the lawsuit says .
The suit claims Classmates.com has pulled similar tricks on countless other unsuspecting users .
It demands the company refund subscriptions fees and pay an additional fine for deceptive advertising .
I , for one , hope the suit is a massive success .
Why , you might ask ?
Allow me to explain .
1. Classmates.com has been filling our inboxes long enough .
How happy are people who get Classmates.com e-mails ?
A quick glance at the Consumer Affairs complaints page for the company will give you an idea .
I found dozens of complaints from the past month alone .
The BBB gives Classmates a C+ rating .
The reason for the rating is " number of complaints filed . "
" I have called them several times to stop sending me junk e-mail , and they keep telling me to unsubscribe , which I have done 10 times , " writes Jeff from Michigan .
" I have tried many times to have them remove my name from their mailing list and they do not acknowledge my request , " notes Skip from Arizona .
2 . The company racks up plenty of billing and service complaints .
Look through the consumer complaints on ConsumerAffairs.com and see just how many people say they 're being billed without authorization .
Many users say they gave a credit card number for a trial and kept getting charged long after the trial 's end , despite numerous cancellations .
Many users also say they can't even login to the site , and no one will answer their requests for help .
3. Required registration ?
Get real .
When I tried Classmates.com I could n’t even look at my high school class list ( or any other class ) without first giving my personal information , including e-mail address .
See a connection here ?
4 . The service itself strikes me as antiquated and useless .
I can see how Classmates.com might have been appealing back in 1995 , when it first launched .
But nowadays , you can find better and easier ways to connect with old classmates -- ones that are both cost - and spam - free .
( Facebook , anyone ?
MySpace ? )
The company 's audacity in continuing to lure curious people into paying money to find out what " mysterious person " is interested in them just floors me .
5 . What kind of pay - to - play company does n't make their phone number readily available ?
Many consumers complain that they can't find a phone number for Classmates.com or get any kind of real answer to their questions .
( The BBB , by the way , lists their number as 425-917-5000 . )
A place like Google can get away with that sort of thing -- we may not like it , but we 're also using its services for free , so we deal with it .
Once a company has your credit card number and starts billing you , though , it 's time for them to cut the hide - and - seek " Web help forum " game and make it clear how customers can get in touch by phone .
Ultimately , this lawsuit has the potential to pave new ground for consumer protection in the world of e-commerce .
There are too many services taking advantage of people online , and a harsh ruling could be just what the Web ordered .
That 's my rant .
Agree ?
Classmates.com might not listen , but you 're welcome to leave your comments here .
Given the recent litigation involving I.B.M. and new Apple - hire Mark Papermaster , I would n’t be surprised if Jobs still feels the same way about Big Blue .
This photo was taken in mid-Manhattan sometime in the early 80’s .
And check it out , no black turtleneck !
Advertisements
With the latest news that Robert Gates has agreed to stay on as Secretary of Defense , should liberals be getting concerned that so far President Elect Obama ’s cabinet has the look of governing from the center ?
I think Obama is right where he needs to be .
So far , the major posts in the Obama administration will be filled by centrists .
Rahm Emanuel , Tom Daschle , Eric Holder , Bill Richardson , and Hillary Clinton are ideologically in the center of the Democratic Party .
For many liberals Obama ’s choices look like a return to the days of Bill Clinton , but there are a few points that must be understood before one criticizes the makeup of the Obama administration .
First , Obama seems made his selections based on experience .
The next president seems to have a practical and pragmatic approach that is focused on results not ideology .
Obama picked people who have both Washington experience , and experience in their policy areas .
It appears that he has learned from the mistakes of the two previous transitions .
Clinton tried to bring a new crowd into Washington , which struggled mightily early on due to their lack of experience .
In contrast , George W. Bush came to Washington with loyalists and ideologues .
He rewarded personal loyalty , and was left with quite possibly the most inept administration of the past 100 years .
Bush and company had no idea how to govern , which led to disaster after disaster culminating in their bungled response to Hurricane Katrina .
Advertisements
I think it is a wise move to keep Gates on at Defense , while the country is in the middle of two wars , but I would be amazed if Gates lasted more than a year .
He is sticking around to provide some continuity to the military while the Obama administration takes office .
Gates has done a very good job cleaning up the mess that Rumsfeld left behind , and the reality is that now is not the time to overhaul the Defense Department .
My hunch is that after Gates departs , Chuck Hagel will be the next Secretary of Defense .
If Obama ’s choices seem centrist , it is because he is a centrist .
Obama is n’t the liberal that some of his supporters and critics make him out to be .
Quite frankly , the United States is still not a liberal country .
We are still a center leaning nation , whose presidents succeed when they are able to govern from the middle .
George W. Bush has been viewed as taking the nation too far to the right , and John McCain lost the election because most voters saw him as too far to the right .
Obama appears poised to govern from the middle , which to me is right where he needs to be .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The federal government 's takeover of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac may save the battered real estate market from a complete meltdown .
But financial experts say the bailout wo n't lead to a housing recovery just yet .
Instead , some on Wall Street said the housing sector is in as tough shape today as it was before Sunday 's rescue by the Treasury Department .
" This is n't curing the patient .
This is preventing the patient from developing a new problem he can't survive , " said Barry Ritholtz , CEO and director of equity research , Fusion IQ .
Ritholtz and others pointed to a series of problems plaguing housing that the bailout of Fannie ( FNM , Fortune 500 ) and Freddie ( FRE , Fortune 500 ) does little , if anything , to address .
In particular , there is still a large supply of unsold homes on the market and an increasing number of foreclosures that threatens to add to the glut .
What 's more rising unemployment and increased job losses should add to the woes for lenders , brokers , builders and others tied to the housing sector .
" Now we have a recession , ' " said Dean Baker , co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research .
Baker added that even with home prices declining at a rate not seen since the Great Depression , the housing bubble has n't completely deflated yet .
In fact , some argue that considering the rise in home prices during 1996 to 2006 when compared to inflation , incomes and rents during the same period , home values need to fall another 50 % in order to get back to normal .
Bailout should lead to lower mortgage rates ...
Still , the Fannie and Freddie rescue is likely to help bring mortgage rates down .
That 's because it should help lower the gap between mortgage rates and Treasury bills , a spread that had risen in recent months on investor concerns about the firms and the rising mortgage defaults .
Fannie and Freddie also warned last month that they would cut back on the growth of their mortgage loan portfolios as they tried to preserve the capital they would need to cover rising losses .
With the Treasury Department now standing behind the firm , most experts expect additional money will be made available to mortgage lenders .
Those two factors prompt some to believe that the rescue will be a significant help for housing markets , even if it does n't solve all the problems .
" You 're going to have to work through all those other issues in order for there to be a meaningful recovery , " said Timothy Speiss , head of the wealth management arm of accounting firm Eisner LLP .
" But this is a significant step in the right direction : improving credit availability and affordability . "
... but it 's not a ' magic wand '
Lawrence Yun , chief economist for the National Association of Realtors , said his group 's members are hoping lower rates will help change the attitude of potential buyers about whether it's a safe time to re-enter the market .
" Whether it 's a game changer or not , we can't say .
We have to see how far rates fall , or whether or not they continue to lack confidence even with these low rates , " he said .
Thus , even if the bailout does have a positive impact on the real estate market , one economist said it will probably be limited and relatively slow to take effect .
" By no means is this a magic wand to rejuvenate the housing recession that has just entered its fourth year , " said Rich Yamarone , director of economic research at Argus Research .
The First 10 Prolog Programming Contests
Introduction
The first 10 Prolog Programming Contests took place in Ithaca ( 1994 ) , Portland ( 1995 ) , Bonn ( 1996 ) , Leuven ( 1997 ) , Manchester ( 1998 ) , Las Cruces ( 1999 ) , Paphos ( 2001 ) , Copenhagen ( 2002 ) , Mumbay ( 2003 ) and Saint - Malo ( 2004 ) .
The contest organisers have written this book , containing the ( slightly reworked ) questions and an answer ( in Prolog of course ) for each question .
Hardcopies of this book are still available , and can be obtained by sending an e-mail to bmd at cs dot kuleuven dot be .
The book is now also freely downloadable on this page .
Details
Solutions
