Goldman
Sachs should stop debating , take whatever punishment the government has in store for it and try to move on , says senior writer Dan Freed .
NEW YORK (
The Street
) --
The more
Goldman Sachs
( GS ) - Get Report
argues , the further its stock falls .
The scenario played out again Monday after a propaganda war with a Senate subcommittee broke out over the weekend in which both sides released various internal email messages by Goldman executives .
The Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations , chaired by Carl Levin ( D. , Mich . ) , tried to prove that Goldman got rich by betting against the housing market and its clients .
Goldman countered with a rundown on quarterly revenue from its residential mortgage unit from 2007 - 08 , attempting to demonstrate the firm lost more than it made from that business during that time frame .
A January 2007 e-mail from Goldman Sachs trader Fabrice Tourre was included in the company 's disclosure over the weekend .
Goldman 's protests raise certain questions .
For example , if Goldman did n't get rich betting against the housing market and its clients , how did it get rich ?
The firm says it lost about $ 1.7 billion " related to
its residential mortgage - related products business , " but what the heck does that mean ?
How is it defining its " residential mortgage - related products business ? "
Are we just to take Goldman 's word for it that the other activities that caused it to earn more than $ 2 billion in fiscal 2008 when so many other firms lost money or went out of business were unrelated to residential mortgages ?
Goldman chose not to tell its investors it was being investigated by the
Securities and Exchange Commission
because its attorney felt the case was not material , even though the SEC 's fraud charges have knocked nearly 20 % off of Goldman 's stock price since they became public April 16 .
Despite these issues , Goldman makes some valid points , and I continue to believe the SEC 's case against the company is somewhat weak .
As I have argued previously , the investors Goldman duped when it sold a toxic debt creation called Abacus 2007 - AC1 were professionals , and they should have known what they were getting into , even if Goldman 's disclosures might have been lacking .
Also , it is hard to believe Goldman 's lawyers would blow it on such a simple issue as disclosure .
But Goldman 's argument misses a larger point .
The company has still to make a simple and convincing case for why it needs to exist .
Also , we all know that they engaged in weasel - like behavior , because that 's what investment banks do .
One good example of this is provided by Michael Lewis 's account of short - seller Michael Burry in the book
The Big Short
.
Burry did get rich betting against the mortgage market , and , as Lewis tells it , his Wall Street salespeople , including one at Goldman , suddenly became unreachable when he started winning his bets .
Simply put , Goldman executives are not sympathetic figures , and whatever arguments their lawyers may come up with , they can not convince us otherwise .
They have gotten rich doing things that do n't seem especially necessary while the economy has cratered .
Some of this success may be a result of bending certain rules , while a large portion of it is due to getting rules rewritten years ago to suit their interests .
Arguing about the meaning of various statements in a handful of email messages misses this larger point .
Goldman needs to end this conversation , take whatever punishment the government has in store for it , and try to move on .
--
Written by Dan Freed in New York
.
Stuart MacLennan said he was very sorry for what he wrote A Labour election candidate who cursed leading politicians , including David Cameron and Nick Clegg , on his Twitter page has been removed from standing .
Stuart MacLennan will no longer be the party 's Moray candidate and has been suspended as a Labour member after admitting tweeting offensive comments .
Labour initially backed him to remain as a candidate , but later dropped him after opposition calls for him to go .
Mr MacLennan said he was sorry and admitted he had been " very stupid " .
He had reportedly described the elderly as " coffin dodgers " on his Twitter page and posted a series of foul - mouthed rants about politicians .
Brian Taylor
Political editor
Labour dithered about sacking him - but have now dispensed with his contribution to this election .
Good riddance .
In their statement , Labour invited their rivals to do the same , should comparable circumstances arise .
That goes without saying - and indeed should have gone without being said .
Simple contrition would have sufficed on this particular occasion - rather than an attempt to implicate others , however much Labour may feel members of other parties are similarly intemperate in spouting noxious , anonymous bile on the web .
Read Brian Taylor 's blog
Labour had said Mr MacLennan 's comments were made a year ago when he was a student , although the BBC understands he posted offensive remarks as late as 31 March , this year .
Labour dropped Mr MacLennan in light of the " totally unacceptable " language - a move which was " strongly supported " by Prime Minister Gordon Brown .
A Scottish Labour Party spokesman , said : " On reading the comments in full , the Scottish Labour Party was outraged by their content , and Scottish Labour 's general secretary took the decision to suspend his membership of the Labour Party .
" Stuart MacLennan is no longer a Labour Party candidate nor eligible to hold office as a Labour Party representative . "
In a statement , Mr MacLennan said : " I am very sorry .
I have been very stupid and rightly paid a high price . "
SOME MACLENNAN TWEETS [ Criticising taste of Fairtrade organic banana ]
Can I have a slave - grown , chemically enhanced , genetically modified one please ?
My gosh I 've got a proper chav sitting opposite me this evening
You know I think I might be completely sober for the first time in 4 days Lots of chavs at Stirling station Even shortly before news of his removal was announced , Scottish Secretary Jim Murphy had said Mr MacLennan would continue to be the candidate .
Mr Murphy later said the party was left with no option , after it became aware of all the Twitter comments .
Mr MacLennan has been suspended from his non-salaried intern post with the Labour group at Holyrood pending " further inquiries " .
Reacting to the decision , Scottish Conservative leader Annabel Goldie said of the incident : " It was repugnant , insulting and totally in character with Labour 's desperate and dirty campaign . "
FROM THE WORLD AT ONE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from The World At One SNP Westminster leader Angus Robertson , the party 's candidate in Moray , added : " This incident has completely devastated Labour 's campaign launch today - but questions must be asked as many of these comments have been online for months , and presumably Labour colleagues have been well aware of them . "
Alistair Carmichael , the Liberal Democrats ' Scottish affairs spokesman , said : " The Labour Party has been forced to sack a candidate who was clearly young and inexperienced .
" This whole debacle only demonstrates the weakness of Labour in Scotland . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A Buddhist nunneries are usually places of quiet learning and contemplation .
But one Buddhist sect in Nepal 's Himalayas is challenging this view , by teaching the art of kung fu .
Joanna Jolly reports .
March 27 , 2010  -- Houston
Tracy , a 12 - day - old boy , has already survived a rare birth defect , a feeding tube and open heart surgery .
Now his family is waiting to see how the battle with an insurance company will fare .
Last week , Houston 's parents found out that the term " pre-existing condition " can apply the moment someone is born .
" When he came out , he made one little cry and he did n't really cry much , " said Houston 's father , Doug Tracy , 39 , of Crowley , Texas .
Tracy cut the umbilical cord and watched the hospital staff clean his son .
But before his wife Kim Tracy , 36 , could touch their son doctors got worried .
" We could tell there was something wrong by the way they [ the doctors ] were acting , " Doug Tracy said .
Houston 's skin was n't turning a shade of pink like most newborns because , somehow , his blood was n't getting enough oxygen .
Doctors rushed Houston , with Tracy riding by his side , in an ambulance to Cook Children 's Medical Center in Fort Worth , Texas .
Within hours the Tracy family would learn their son was born with a heart condition called d-transposition of the great arteries , meaning the aorta and pulmonary artery are transposed where they should meet the heart .
Doctors wanted to operate within days to save his life .
" In Houston 's case he would not have survived had he not gotten the care , " said Dr. Steve Muyskens , pediatric cardiologist at Cook Children 's Medical Center , who treated Houston .
" Most children with this [ would ] have a demise within days to months in life . "
Muyskens explained that with the aorta and pulmonary artery switched the system creates two separate pools of blood -- a small amount that travels from the heart to the lungs and back to the heart and another pool of blood that travels from the body to the heart and back out without ever reaching the lungs for oxygen .
" The red blood just circles on one side and blue blood circles on the other , " Muyskens said .
All of Houston 's organs , including his heart , would soon die without red blood .
Even if doctors could stabilize a child with Houston 's heart condition they would only have a short window to operate .
One Surgery Could Save a Life
" The Gold standard is surgery -- arterial switch procedure , " said Dr. Daphne Hsu , division chief of pediatric cardiology at Montefiore Medical Center in New York .
" The procedure has to be done before the child is 1 month old , because then the heart starts to change and adjust to the circulation , and the pressure in the heart drops . "
Houston was born on Monday , March 15 .
By Friday that week , doctors operated successfully .
Muyskens expects
Houston will have a normal life , and likely wo n't even need medications .
" Everybody 's nickednamed him Rocky around there because he's a fighter , " said Tracy .
But by March 24 , the Tracy family formally heard their son was denied health insurance .
" We do n't have health coverage on ourselves because it's too expensive these days and because of the economy , " Doug Tracy said .
The couple are small business owners and would have to buy individual policies , which they have for their other children Cooper , 4 , and Jewel , 11 .
Doug Tracy said the family had no idea there was something wrong with Houston before he was born .
" Prenatal , every doctor visit was perfect , his heart beat was fine , " he said .
But Tracy said he called Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Texas twice in preparation of Houston 's birth , and he asked if they could get a policy on his son before he was born .
" They said we can't do that because he was n't born yet , but as soon as the baby 's born go online and fill an application out , " he said .
Doug Tracy applied for Houston 's insurance March 18 , and the first month 's premium of $ 267 was charged to his credit card , he said .
" Wednesday , the 24 , is when I got a letter of decline -- they declined it the day after the [ health insurance ] bill was signed , " Doug Tracy said .
Yet the provision in the health insurance reform act that prohibits health insurance companies from denying coverage to children with a pre-existing condition will only take effect six months after the bill was signed into law .
Family Searches for Insurance Coverage
Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Texas declined a phone interview with ABCNews.com about procedures to enroll newborns and their policies in light of the new health care reform act .
But the company was willing to e-mail a prepared statement .
" We share the public 's concern for this child and for uninsured children across our state .
As you may know , federal privacy laws prohibit me from releasing any information about members or potential members of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Texas [ BCBSTX ] , " Margaret Jarvis , senior manager of media and public relations at Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Texas , wrote in an e-mail .
Jarvis said Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Texas would automatically cover newborns of parents who already had a policy with them for 31 days .
After that time parents could opt to include their baby on their plan whether or not the child had health issues .
" For children whose parents are not BCBSTX members , who want child - only coverage , we offer individual policies , beginning at the age of 60 days , " wrote Jarvis .
" BCBSTX has spoken with the father of this child , and we are exploring all available alternative coverage options . "
Doug Tracy said his family has found an alternative route to get his child coverage through the Texas Health Insurance Risk Pool , and the policy will only cost $ 277 a month -- $ 10 more than the premium on the policy he tried to take out for his son .
However , he said he 's confused since he will still have to apply through Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Texas if he goes through the Texas Health Insurance Risk Pool .
" I do n't hate them [ Blue Cross and Blue Shield ] , they 've done well for my other two kids , " Doug Tracy said .
" I just want them to do the right thing . "
For everyone out there who has become enamored of Chatroulette viral sensation , Merton , Mashable sat down with the man himself today via Skype to find out more about the man behind the glasses and the hoodie .
Yesterday , roughly four million hearts broke when Merton 's ultra viral vid was deep - sixed by YouTube “ due to terms of use violation . ”
Well , have no fear viral video vigilantes , Merton is back with an edited version of the vid , which has already racked up nearly a quarter of a million views .
( Merton could n't really comment that much on the removal , but if you check out the video , some of the faces have been blurred out . )
You can revisit that below , but first check out our raw , uncut interview with Merton ( his first ever ! ) , who talks about everything from how people now recognize him on Chatroulette to his musical background .
Homeboy is adamant about remaining anonymous as of right now , but we can tell you that he used to serenade his girlfriends with improvisational tunes , and he 's not — we 're pretty sure — Ben Folds ( or is he ? ) .
Make sure to watch until the end , when he sings to me .
Search
Like What You See ?
About
a look at some of the stories from one of australia 's most popular online news services .
no affiliation with news.com.au or their parent .
Tumbleroll
Independent Sen. Joe Lieberman ( Conn. ) suggested in a new interview that he was grateful that political momentum now seemed to be on the side of Republicans .
Lieberman , an Independent senator who caucuses with Democrats , acknowledged momentum for the GOP and said that independents had become alienated from Democrats , who control both the House and the Senate .
“ There were a lot of people , particularly Democrats , who were declaring after the 2008 election that we were beginning a period of Democratic dominance that would go on for decades , ” Lieberman said during an interview with the conservative Newsmax magazine .
“ Now , all of a sudden , the momentum is with the Republicans .
And that 's — thank God — that 's the way people have spoken , you know ?
That 's our democracy . ”
Lieberman 's spokeswoman Erika Masonhall said Tuesday that the senator 's remark of “ thank God ” in the interview was not a reference to momentum of Republicans , or the GOP winning back Congress , but to the fact that the United States is a Democracy .
She said Lieberman was referring to “ in his words , ‘ the great fascination with our democracy , ’ which is that we live in a country where the people – all people – can make their voices heard . ”
But some Democrats are likely to interpret the comments differently .
The Connecticut senator has stepped on the toes of fellow party members before , having endorsed his Republican colleague , Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainBudowsky : Senate 's Trump Republicans on trial , in trouble America 's presence in Cam Ranh Bay should be more than occasional Meghan McCain , husband welcome first baby girl , Liberty Sage McCain Domenech MORE ( Ariz . ) , for president in 2008 over Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaUnseemly brawl unlikely to change a thing
It 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach MORE , who was a Democratic senator from Illinois at the time .
Lieberman upset members of his former party further by campaigning for McCain .
Masonhall also noted that Lieberman had emphasized that there 's “ time to fix ” that shifting perception among independents who feel their economic concerns are not being addressed before November 's elections .
“ If the election were held today , there 's no question that there 'd be significant Republican gains in Congress , ” Lieberman said .
The shift , Lieberman asserted , was due to independents who “ have turned either toward the Republican Party or against Democrats . ”
The 2000 Democratic vice presidential candidate pinned the shift on independents ' concerns about the size of the deficits , and whether Congress has done enough of the right things to return the economy to health .
Lieberman said that he 's likely to pursue reelection as an Independent — not as a Republican — should he choose to run again in 2012 .
“ Right now I ’d probably be more inclined to run again as an Independent , ” he said .
“ But anything is possible . ”
Lieberman also saved words of praise for former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , the 2008 GOP vice presidential candidate , with whom he campaigned .
“ I do disagree with her on some of the specifics that she has said , but I think anybody who underestimates Sarah Palin as a political force in America does so at some peril , because she is speaking for a lot of people out there , : he said .
“ I do n’t know what her future is , but I ’m just saying everybody should listen . ”
This item was first posted at 10:43 a.m. and updated at 3:15 p.m .
Find the entirety of Lieberman 's interview below :
It has been a little while since we have last visited the domain of the macabre here at the List Universe .
So I thought I would step up to the plate and compile another list dedicated to the dark half of human nature —
Man ’s inhumanity to Man .
And women .
Although trials were conducted in some of the following cases , ultimately they remain unsolved .
This list is presented in no particular order , with the exception of item # 1 .
10 The Seewen Murders
The Seewen murders took place during Pentecost weekend in 1976 and remains one of Switzerland ’s biggest unsolved murder cases .
Five members of the Siegrist family ranging in ages from 45 to 80 years old were found dead in a weekend home in the protected forest of Seewen .
Police suspect that only two of the family members were the targeted victims , while the other three just had the unfortunate luck to be in the home as well .
The cause of death was obvious , 13 rounds from a Winchester type shotgun .
What was a little more surprising was the accuracy of the rounds fired .
11 shots to the head , 2 shots to the upper chest .
To this day the majority of the Swiss public believes the likely murderer to be Carl Doser ( pictured above ) , In 1996 , an Italian made Winchester shotgun was found hidden in the walls of the Doser home .
Forensic testing determined that this was indeed the murder weapon , but no motive , nor documentation of any meetings between Doser and the victims has ever been verified and he remains only a suspect .
A second theory revolves around Johnny Siegrist , a family member to the victims , who may have been assisted by Doser .
Johnny was the likely purchaser of ammunition at Basler Steinenvorstadt , and the clerk recalls being asked if the Kal.
38 Spez ammunition would fit an “ Italian made Winchester ” .
Upon searching Johnny ’s residence , stryrofoam heads that had been shot through were discovered .
Possible motive … Being belittled by the family .
Johnny Siegrist was temporarily jailed , but his death in the early 80 ’s has left no one to be held accountable for the murders .
9 Bob Crane
Robert “ Bob ” Crane was an American TV actor best known for his portrayal of Col .
Hogan from the comedy series “ Hogan ’s Heroes ” .
The series ran for 6 years ( 1965 - 1971 ) and Crane became beloved for his manly good looks and engagingly roguish demeanor in his attempts to sabotage the Nazi war effort from the confines of a POW camp .
What the public did n’t know about Crane was his private battle with sex addiction , which destroyed two marriages .
This addiction not only involved innumerable sexual encounters with young women , and heavy activity in the underground sex scene , but developed into an obsession with cameras , sex films and the newly developed world of video .
On June 29 , 1978 Crane was discovered bludgeoned to death in his Scottsdale , Arizona apartment .
Primary suspect–John Carpenter .
No , NOT the famous director , this Carpenter was a fellow sex addict who introduced Crane to the use of video in their sexual activities .
Carpenter admits that he was with Crane his last night alive , but denies that he was the one who killed Crane with multiples blows to the head with a video tripod , even though brain matter was found in the rental car that Carpenter was driving .
Unfortunately the case was handled poorly from the beginning by the Scottsdale and Phoenix police departments , and because of botched forensics as well as political maneuverings within the district attorney ’s office that had little to do with the case itself , Carpenter remains free today .
8 Dian Fossey
Dian Fossey came to the world ’s attention for her pioneering studies with gorillas in Africa , and her subsequent efforts to stop the poaching of the creatures she came to love .
In 1967 Fossey founded the Karisoke Research Center , the base of operations for her studies , located deep within the Virunga Mountains , Rwanda .
Her photograph was featured on the cover of National Geographic Magazine in January 1970 , and photographs showing the gorilla “ Peanuts ” touching Fossey ’s hand depicted the first recorded peaceful contact between a human being and a wild gorilla .
Her book , Gorillas in the Mist , remains the best - selling book about gorillas of all time , and she sold the rights to Universal Studios for one million dollars so she could continue to fund her research and conservation efforts .
In 1985 Fossey was found dead in her bed at the Karisoke site .
She was found with the machete she had confiscated from poachers and hung upon her wall , buried in her skull .
Evidence found at the scene incriminated employees of the research center and the entire staff was arrested .
They were subsequently released .
No one has ever been prosecuted for her murder , though many theories abound , concentrating upon the illicit black market and the poaching of gorillas and other protected wildlife .
Chances are no one will ever be prosecuted .
Fossey is buried next to her cherished gorilla friend Digit , at the Karisoke Research Center , in the special graveyard she constructed for the gorillas that she spent the better part of her life studying .
7 Julie Ward
Julie Ward , a 28 year old wildlife photographer from Ipswich was visiting in Kenya , and was found dead in the Masai Mara Game Reserve in 1988 , after her friends reported that she had n’t attended a farewell dinner the night before they were to depart Africa .
Her dismembered and burned body was found deep within the reserve ’s boundaries a week after she was reported missing .
The original theory put forth by the Kenyan officials was that she had been eaten by lions and struck by lightning , but they later accepted that she was murdered after her father ’s efforts uncovered further evidence .
It was discovered that coroner ’s reports had been altered to mask evidence of human participation in Julie ’s murder .
There have been two trials regarding this case , one in 1992 and one in 1998 , but all three suspects were acquitted .
The case has reached international attention due to the efforts of Julie ’s father , John Ward .
He has traveled to Africa over 100 times and invested over 1 million pounds in his attempts to bring the killer (s ) to justice , but since the involvement of high power officials like former President Daniel Moi and concerns for the safety of the Kenyan tourism industry there have been no killers convicted to this day .
6 Amber Hagerman
Unsolved murders are disturbing enough , but the thought that there is a child killer still roaming free has to be one of the worst realities that can be thrust upon the members of a community .
Amber Hagerman was a beautiful little 10 year old girl from Arlington , Texas .
On January 13,1996 a young playmate was able to provide to police a description of the man who quickly and forcibly pushed Amber into his black van and sped away .
A search for the van was immediately organized , but it was four days before her little body was found .
A man walking his dog found Amber ’s body in a creek bed .
Her throat was cut , but not until two days after her abduction .
In 2007 Terapon Adhahn , of Tacoma , Washington was arrested in connection to a series of child abduction rapes in the Washington state area , and he is the only suspect to date for the murder of Amber , although no charges for her murder have been able to be served .
There is still a $ 75,000 reward offered for information that might lead to her killer .
Amber leaves behind a legacy .
The Amber Alert is a public notification system adopted in the U.S. as a quick response effort to help expedite the safety and return of missing or kidnapped children .
In April 2003 , President George W. Bush signed the AMBER Alert legislation , making it a national program .
Other legislation generated by Amber ’s murder has since resulted in a national sex offender registry , and both of Amber ’s parents were present when Bill Clinton signed the bill into law .
5 Tupac Shakur
Born Tupac Amuru Shakur , he was also known as 2 Pac and sometimes , Makaveli .
American born rapper and actor , Tupac has been featured in quite a few lists here at ListVerse , and now one more .
The night that Tupac was fatally shot is quite well documented .
He was never alone , being in the company of Marion “ Suge ” Knight , the CEO of Death Row Records the whole evening .
On September 6 , 1996 Tupac started his evening ringside at the MGM Grand Hotel in Las Vegas , Nevada with such company as Louis Gossett Jr. , Charlie Sheen and baseball great Reggie Jackson to watch Mike Tyson demolish Bruce Seldon in two minutes flat .
After a brief scuffle with Orlando Anderson in the lobby of the MGM , Tupac then accompanied Suge to his home in a suburb of Las Vegas .
About 10 PM the pair and their entourage left Suge ’s home to go Club 662 , where Tupac was scheduled to perform with the rap band Run DMC .
They never arrived .
Stopped at a red light , their car was boxed in on three sides by other vehicles and a fourth car rolled up on the left and started shooting .
Out of the 13 bullets shot into Suge ’s BMW , Tupac took three , one to his chest , one to his hip and one in the hand .
Two tires had been flattened in the shooting and on the way to the hospital a third tire blew out , and help had to be called .
Paramedics were able to get Tupac to University Medical Center , where emergency surgery was performed .
But to no avail , after three surgeries and the removal of one of his lungs Tupac succumbed to his injuries six days later .
Some say Tupac was killed due to his ties with gangs , others say he was killed because his mother was once a Black Panther .
Maybe it was because of the feud between Death Row Records and New York based Bad Boy Records , run by Sean “ P. Diddy ” Combs .
There was also another ongoing rivalry with Christopher Wallace , AKA the Notorious B.I.G .
Regardless , the only witness who agreed to testify in the event of an arrest , Yafeu Fala , was killed two months later in New Jersey , leaving no other witnesses able to help with the case .
4 Catrine da Costa
Prostitution is hardly a safe way to earn a living and it proved deadly to Catrine da Costa in the spring of 1984 .
Working just north of Stockholm , Sweden , her dismembered body was found in two different sites in the city of Solna .
Reported missing on June 10th , the first bag of body parts was n’t discovered until July 18th .
A second bag was discovered at Karlbergs beach in Solna on August the 7th , though her head , internal organs , one breast and genitalia have never been found .
It ’s the lack of these particular body parts that is the primary reason that no one has been brought to justice for the crime .
Two doctors , a pathologist who worked in between the two dump sites , and a general practitioner , whose very young daughter recalled memories of her father committing the crime were both arrested and sent to trial .
But since there was no evidence of the method of murder , due to the missing body parts , there was no way to determine if the victim had “ died of natural circumstances ” and the Swedish legal system was forced to acquit the two men .
Not to worry , the two doctors had their medical licenses rescinded and are no longer able to pursue a career in their trained fields .
That has n’t stopped them from suing for wrongful loss of income , and after almost a decade of legal maneuvering their suit has been denied as of February , 2010 .
3 Mary Pinchot Meyer
A New England socialite that was raised in full stereotypical fashion , Mary Pinchot Meyer is another one of the many women who has died because of an association to the Kennedys .
A graduate of Brearly School and Vassar College , Mary took an early interest in communism and was a member of the American Labor Party .
Working as a journalist for Mademoiselle magazine kept Mary in the finest of company among the political comers and the ingenues that they spent their time with .
Nobody was surprised when she married Cord Meyer , a U.S. Marine lieutenant who was on his way up the ladder , in 1945 .
By 1947 she was happy to leave her job as editor of Atlantic Monthly , to become a stay at home mother to her three children .
Meanwhile , Cord Meyer was able to secure a position with the CIA , and the fact that he was a member of the communist party was not an issue .
In the early 50 ’s Cord Meyer became one of the primary operatives in “ Operation Mockingbird ” , a covert mission to sway public opinion , using mass media .
Mary ’s communist leanings may also have been useful to the CIA , but they deemed her many love affairs left her too “ unreliable ” .
In 1956 , the death of Mary ’s middle son paved the way for a divorce , and opened the door for a more adventurous love life , and Mary had no problem turning a long time friendship with John F. Kennedy into something more illicit .
Now comes the weird part .
It seems that at this point in time there was an underground plot among a small circle of upper socialite women to influence the decision making processes of high political figures ( men ) by using sex and LSD .
Mary was one of this little group , and her target was JFK himself .
Considering their affair occurred during the Bay of Pigs fiasco , it is quite possible she DID have some influence on his policies .
Mary Pinchot Meyer was killed on 12 October , 1964 , eleven months after John F. Kennedy ’s assassination and two weeks after the Warren Commission report was made public .
Mary ’s body had two bullet wounds , one at the back of the head and another in her heart .
FBI forensics stated that the wounds were made at close range , possibly point blank range .
Upon her death those closest to her frantically searched for Mary ’s diary and it was eventually found and burned .
The burning was witnessed by two family members , who say that the affair with JFK was documented , but there was no further information that would shed light upon his assassination .
In 2001 Cord Meyer was asked if he knew who had killed Mary .
He responded “ The same sons of bitches that killed John F. Kennedy . ”
2 Lake Bodom Murders
Lake Bodom is a freshwater lake near the city of Helsinki in Finland .
It is also the site of a grisly mass murder that happened on June 6 , 1960 .
Early in the morning a group of four teenagers , 2 18 year old young men and 2 15 year old girls were savagely attacked by knife and bludgeon , while sleeping in a tent at the lake .
The attack left three dead at the scene and a sole survivor , Nils Gustafsson , who was severely injured with a concussion and a broken jaw .
He recovered from his injuries and went on to live a healthy life .
Despite the fact that there was a survivor , there were no leads that could provide an arrest for the deadly attack .
Twelve years later , to the day , a man left a suicide note confessing to the murders .
He said he was a lemonade vendor at the lake and later that night killed the young teens .
But police investigation into this written confession proved that the man had not committed the crime , as he was asleep with his wife at the time of the murders .
Another lead came in 2003 , when Professor Jorma Palo published his account of a man he had treated in his hospital on the night of the murders .
The man ’s name was Hans Assmaann , and he was treated for “ suspicious injuries ” .
Palo alleges that the man was the murderer but the crime was covered up because of Assmaan ’s ties to the KGB .
The most confusing twist to the story is the arrest of Nils Gustafsson , the survivor of the attack , in 2004 .
It was 44 years after the crime and Gustafsson was now 62 years old .
According to the official statement , “ Gustafsson erupted in jealous anger over his feelings for his new girlfriend .
She was stabbed multiple times after the fatal blow , while the two other teenagers were killed less savagely ” .
Despite having come to trial , blood evidence could not be linked to Gustafsson , and he was acquitted in 2005 .
In the name of fairness , Finland awarded Gustafsson a large monetary settlement “ for mental suffering caused by the long remand time . ”
1 Servant Girl Annihilator
Since the first “ Unsolved Murders ” list ended with a vicious serial killer lets keep that format .
Mollie Smith is presumed to be the first victim of the “ Servant Girl Annihilator ” , a serial killer who was active in the Austin , Texas area in 1884 to 1885 .
Pre-dating Jack the Ripper ’s killing spree by almost 4 years , the viciousness of his attacks left the public hysterical , and some even tried to tie the two series of murders together as the work of one killer .
At least 7 young women ’s deaths are attributed to the Annihilator , who not only raped his victims , but bludgeoned or slashed them to death .
Sometimes the murder weapon was an axe , and several victims were stabbed by some sort of spike in the ears or the face .
The killers habit was to drag his victim from her bed while she slept , and because of this method on at least two occasions the victim ’s male bed mate was attacked as well , resulting in the bludgeoning death of Orange Washington .
Numerous arrests were made up to this point , but lack of evidence or airtight alibis lead to the release of all suspects .
By September of 1885 The Servant Girl Annihilator had attacked 8 people , leaving 5 dead .
Things were quiet for a few short months , then a change of M.O. On Christmas Eve , 1885 , not 1 but 2 well to do white women were dragged from their respective beds , raped and axed to death .
The husbands of each of these women were arrested and placed on trial .
Through the infantile beginnings of forensic science , each man was proven innocent of the crimes and acquitted .
The murders stopped and no one was ever convicted for them .
Back to the Ripper murders , which took place in Whitechapel , London , England in 1888 .
One suspect , who rarely gets mentioned by Ripperologists , was a Malay cook calling himself Maurice , a man who had threatened to kill Whitechapel prostitutes but who had then disappeared .
In 1885 he had been employed at the Pearl House , a small hotel , in Austin , Texas .
The information was confirmed , and it was ascertained that the cook had left the premises in January 1886 .
The Servant Girl murders had ended just weeks earlier and most of the victims resided not far from the Pearl House .
Brampton , Ontario has been added to the latest edition of the trying to kill some dogs for no reason club .
Officials in Brampton seized two dogs , Rambo ( Left ) and Brittany ( below left - both pictures ) from their homes say thing " " rambo had been confirmed to be a pit bull by his parentage as well as the characteristics as defined in the city of Brampton Dog By - law ... "
Uh , ok .
But Rambo looks to me to be purebred Boxer -- and Brittany , well , a mixed breed dog of some type .
They are siblings , so likely Brittany is at least half Boxer .
Both dogs were licenced by the city , and ID'd at the vet , as Boxer / American Bulldog mixes .
Now they reside on death row at the city shelter under Ontario 's Breed ban that bans ' pit bulls ' .
Neither dog did anything wrong -- neither escaped .
Neither has acted aggressively .
Neither even had a complaint filed against them .
But now , two dogs that were part of families are tearing up these families .
Now , 75 year old Maria Gaspar , Rambo's owner , is in tears every time she talks about her dog .
" Now I no have dog , I no have money , I no have nothing ... it's not fair . "
( Editor 's note : English is not Gaspar 's first language , so forgive her sentence structure ) .
Brampton 's situation is just another in a long list of problems Ontario 's Breed Ban has caused .
London , Ontario continues to get calls about people who are fearful of ' pit bull '... however , officials say they 've really not had any problems with ' pit bulls ' , only people who fear them and are calling in complaints about other types of dogs being ' pit bulls ' .
Pit bull complaints make up about 20 % of the calls animal control there responds too ... even though most of the cases end up being mistaken breed ID .
Ottawa 's second largest city , Ottawa , has long since decided to quit enforcing the ban in the provence because of problems with breed identification .
The case in Brampton represents basically everything that is wrong with breed specific ordinances :
1 ) Breed identification is not easy -- particularly for mixed breed dogs - ( coupled with the reality that many animal control officers lack the basic training to even tell a pure - bred Boxer from a ' pit bull ' .
2 ) Most of the people affected by breed specific laws are not criminals and gang - bangers -- most are good people , good members of society , often senior citizens , who are having a family member ripped from their home .
3 ) BSL is such a huge waste of taxpayer money by spending animal control resources , kenneling spaces , and legal services time defending the law by focusing so many resource on dogs that WERE NOT A PROBLEM .
No bites .
No aggressive activity .
No complaints .
No running at large .
And yet a huge amount of city resources are being used on these dogs instead of actually focusing on dogs that are a legitimate problem .
4 ) Why would taxpayers WANT to fund this type of activity in their government ?
For more info on the Brampton Case :
Social Mange - the Backwater of Brampton Strikes Again
One Bark At A Time - Brampton Animal Control Wants to Kill Senior 's Dog
Brindle Stick - Brampton Situation Tidbits and Brampton Animal Control is At It Again .
To sign the petition to save the dogs , go here .
And by all means , if you live in Ontario , please support Cheri DiNovo 's proposed bill that would eradicate BSL from Ontario .
How Not to Argue for IP
At TechCrunch , Paul Carr argues for why the UK needs , if not exactly the draconian new digital copyright currently under consideration , at least something very much like it ( but with stronger procedural guarantees for accused file - sharers ) .
Never mind all the arguments from principle against the legitimacy of copyright law .
I ’ve done that to death here .
But what really caught my eye was his utilitarian arguments .
“ For all of our fears of ‘ chilling effects , ' ” he writes , “ the fact is that the Internet is shitting all over the intellectual property rights of the UK creative industries ( industries which account for 7.9 % of the nation ’s GDP ) . ”
And those industries “ generate £ 112.5 billion in revenue for the British economy . ”
Aside from the whole issue of IP ’s legitimacy , arguments like these make me want to pull my hair out .
Guess what ?
If there ’s a head - on train collision , every penny spent on replacing or repairing the trains , paying the insurance claim on the cargo , hospitalizing or embalming and burying the human victims , and paying damages for any tort that happened along the way , will count as a net increase in GDP .
By definition , anything that anyone can charge for adds to the GDP by the amount people pay for it .
So the more stuff is enclosed with charges for admission , the higher the GDP will be .
In Theories of Value and Distribution , the Marxist Maurice Dobb used a classic example of artificial property rights : the state granting to a class of people the right to erect toll gates across highways and pockiet the proceeds ( not to fund highway maintenance , mind you–just to take the money for themselves ) .
Under marginalist economics , any production input with a price has “ marginal productivity ” equal to what it adds to the final price of the good .
So under that orthodox paradigm , the toll - gate owners would have “ marginal productivity ” equal to whatever cost the toll added to total production costs and prices , and economists would be stroking their beards and intoning learnedly about the “ service ” the toll collectors perform in not impeding traffic on the roads .
And of course , GDP would increase by the amount of the tolls .
In other words , anything anyone can do to make it more costly to produce anything , to increase the amount of money you have to pay to receive a given good or service , or in general to increase the cost of living our daily lives , will show up as an increase in the GDP .
It ’s what Thorstein Veblen called “ capitalized disserviceability . ”
If highway subsidies cause the neighborhood grocer to shut down so that you have to take the freeway to go to the chain supermarket on the exit , and as a result you ’re unable to live without a car , you ’ve experienced a net reduction in quality of life to the exact amount of the time you have to spend working to make payments on the car and pay the insurance premiums , plus the extra time you have to spend driving — not to mention the increased insecurity that comes from having yet another non-discretionary subsistence good in your life that depends on the whim of an employer .
But the GDP has gone up by the additional amount you had to pay for all that stuff you did n’t have to pay for before , despite having a higher quality of life .
You ’ve done your part to increase the GDP , you old altruist you !
If someone could figure out a way to bottle air , sell it to you , and criminalize directly breathing from the atmosphere as “ airlifting , ” or if they could contrive some new mechanism for collecting a toll every time you tried to move a spoon from your bowl to your mouth , GDP would probably rise a hundredfold .
If your main concern is the size of GDP , it ’s easy : just find some way to use government to muscle in and force people to pay you for something they were getting free .
" The rate at which you fall is a lot different , " he said .
" Instead of falling flat on your belly you are sitting up right in an L position .
I liken it to sitting on a space hopper , balancing front to back and side to side .
Representative Duncan Hunter wants to deport the U.S. - born children of illegal immigrants but he is n't the only one who wants to change the U.S. Constitution .
Hunter , who spoke at a tea party gathering in Ramona Saturday , said he does not believe children born to illegal immigrant parents should get automatic U.S. citizenship .
In a video posted Saturday on YouTube , Hunter appears to be taking questions from the crowd when he is asked if he would support the deportation of children born to illegal immigrants .
“ I would have to , ” he said .
“ It ’s a complex issue and it ’s … you can look and say , ‘ You ’re a mean guy , that ’s a mean thing to do , that ’s not a humanitarian thing to do . ’
We simply cannot afford what we ’re doing right now , ” he said .
" California ’s going under . ”
“ We ’re not being mean , ” he told the crowd .
“ We ’re just saying it takes more than just walking across the border to become an American citizen . ”
Our media partner the North County Times confirmed the statements when a reporter spoke with Hunter Tuesday .
The congressman , whose district includes parts of Poway and Ramona in North County , told the paper that it makes sense that if the parents of illegal immigrant children are deported , that their children go with them .
Hunter said he also supports a bill , House Resolution 1868 , that would eliminate automatic citizenship for those children .
Currently , the Constitution grants citizenship to anyone born on U.S. soil .
Hunter is n't the only politician to take the controversial stand on the hot button issue of immigration .
More than 90 congressional representatives -- including Darrell Issa and Brian Bilbray , who also represent San Diego County districts -- support federal legislation to eliminate automatic citizenship for children born on U - S soil .
Critics , however , say that it 's wrong to change the 14th Amendment and throw out a century of legal precedent .
" It just perpetuates what has always been the law of the land and , specifically , that no one can be denied citizenship , " said political analyst Raoul Lowery .
" Because prior to the 14th Amendment , blacks -- afro-Americans -- were not permitted to become citizens . "
The proposal to change the Constitution would require at least one parent to be a U.S. citizen , a legal permanent resident , or an immigrant serving in the armed forces .
It was introduced last year and is stalled in the Congress .
During the clip , Hunter is also heard supporting the controversial new legislation in Arizona calling it “ a fantastic starting point . ”
“ This is a National Security issue , ” he told the crowd .
“ It ’s not complicated . ”
Let us know what you think .
Comment below , send us your thoughts via Twitter @nbcsandiego or add your comment to our Facebook page .
" I think the British are being hypocritical , and I do not wish to insult dogs here , since some dogs show true loyalty , [ but ] who gave the British the right to judge us on the war on terror ? " said Arieh Eldad , a right - wing member of the Knesset .
A “ Chicken Soup ” - like tale warning us against the folly of judging people solely by appearances hit the Internet in mid-1998 .
As usual , the framework of the tale bore some general resemblance to the truth , but details were greatly altered so as to turn it into something quite different from the real story :
The President of Harvard made a mistake by prejudging people and it cost him dearly .
A lady in a faded gingham dress and her husband , dressed in a homespun threadbare suit , stepped off the train in Boston , and walked timidly without an appointment into the president ’s outer office .
The secretary could tell in a moment that such backwoods , country hicks had no business at Harvard and probably did n’t even deserve to be in Cambridge .
She frowned .
“ We want to see the president , ” the man said softly .
“ He ’ll be busy all day , ” the secretary snapped .
“ We ’ll wait , ” the lady replied .
For hours , the secretary ignored them , hoping that the couple would finally become discouraged and go away .
They did n’t .
And the secretary grew frustrated and finally decided to disturb the president , even though it was a chore she always regretted to do .
“ Maybe if they just see you for a few minutes , they ’ll leave , ” she told him .
And he signed in exasperation and nodded .
Someone of his importance obviously did n’t have the time to spend with them , but he detested gingham dresses and homespun suits cluttering up his outer office .
The president , stern - faced with dignity , strutted toward the couple .
The lady told him , “ We had a son that attended Harvard for one year .
He loved Harvard .
He was happy here .
But about a year ago , he was accidentally killed .
And my husband and I would like to erect a memorial to him , somewhere on campus . ”
The president was n’t touched ; he was shocked .
“ Madam , ” he said gruffly , “ We ca n’t put up a statue for every person who attended Harvard and died .
If we did , this place would look like a cemetery . ”
“ Oh , no , ” the lady explained quickly , “ We do n’t want to erect a statue .
We thought we would like to give a building to Harvard . ”
The president rolled his eyes .
He glanced at the gingham dress and homespun suit , then exclaimed , “ A building !
Do you have any earthly idea how much a building costs ?
We have over seven and a half million dollars in the physical plant at Harvard . ”
For a moment the lady was silent .
The president was pleased .
He could get rid of them now .
And the lady turned to her husband and said quietly , “ Is that all it costs to start a University ?
Why do n’t we just start our own ? ”
Her husband nodded .
The president ’s face wilted in confusion and bewilderment .
And Mr. and Mrs. Leland Stanford walked away , traveling to Palo Alto , California , where they established the University that bears their name , a memorial to a son that Harvard no longer cared about .
The very premise of the tale was completely implausible .
Leland Stanford ( 1824-93 ) was one of the most prominent men of his time in America :
He was a wealthy railroad magnate who built the Central Pacific Railroad ( and drove the gold spike to symbolize the completion of the first transcontinental rail line at Promontory Summit , Utah , in 1869 ) , as well as a Republican Party leader who served as California ’s eighth governor ( 1862-63 ) and later represented that state in the U.S. Senate ( 1885-93 ) .
He was an imposing figure , hardly the type of man to dress in a “ homespun threadbare suit , ” walk “ timidly ” into someone ’s office without an appointment , and sit cooling his heels “ for hours ” until someone deigned to see him .
Harvard ’s president would had to have been an ignorant buffoon not to recognize Stanford ’s name and promptly greet him upon hearing of his arrival :
Moreover , the Stanfords ’ only son ( Leland Stanford , Jr. ) died of typhoid fever at age 15 , in Florence , Italy .
His death would hardly have been described as “ accidental , ” nor had he spent a year studying at Harvard while barely into his teens :
The family was in Italy in 1884 when Leland contracted typhoid fever .
He was thought to be recovering , but on March 13 at the Hotel Bristol in Florence , Leland ’s bright and promising young life came to an end , a few weeks before his 16th birthday .
Stanford , who had remained at Lelands ’ bedside continuously , fell into a troubled sleep the morning the boy died .
When he awakened he turned to his wife and said , “ The children of California shall be our children . ”
These words were the real beginning of Stanford University .
The closest this story came to reality was in its acknowledgement that in 1884 , a few month ’s after their son ’s death , the Stanfords did pay a visit to Harvard and met with that institution ’s president , Charles Eliot .
However , the couple did not go there with the purpose of donating a building to Harvard as a memorial to their dead son — they intended to establish some form of educational facility of their own in northern California , and so they visited several prominent Eastern schools to gather ideas and suggestions about what they might build , as Stanford ’s website described the meeting :
The Stanfords … visited Cornell , Yale , Harvard and Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
They talked with President Eliot of Harvard about three ideas : a university at Palo Alto , a large institution in San Francisco combining a lecture hall and a museum , and a technical school .
They asked him which of these seemed most desirable and President Eliot answered , a university .
Mrs. Stanford then asked him how much the endowment should be , in addition to land and buildings , and he replied , not less than $ 5 million .
A silence followed and Mrs. Stanford looked grave .
Finally , Mr. Stanford said with a smile , “ Well , Jane , we could manage that , could n’t we ? ” and Mrs. Stanford nodded her assent .
They settled on creating a great university , one that , from the outset , was untraditional : coeducational , in a time when most were all - male ; nondenominational , when most were associated with a religious organization ; avowedly practical , producing “ cultured and useful citizens ” when most were concerned only with the former .
Although they consulted with several of the presidents of leading institutions , the founders were not content to model their university after eastern schools .
The Stanfords did found their university , modeled after Cornell and located on the grounds of their horse - trotting farm , in memory of their son ( hence the school ’s official name of “ Leland Stanford Junior University ” ) — not because they were rudely rebuffed by Harvard ’s president , but rather because it was what they had planned all along .
The “ rudely - spurned university endowment ” theme of the Stanford story has reportedly played out at least once in real life .
In July 1998 , William Lindsay of Las Vegas said he contacted an unnamed Scottish institution of higher learning by telephone and told them he intended to give some money to a university in Scotland .
Taking him for a crank , the person he spoke to rudely dismissed him .
His next call to Glasgow University met with a warmer reception , and in March 2000 that school received a check for £ 1.2 million , enough to endow a professorship in Lindsay ’s name .
Gorillas may soon go extinct across much of central Africa , a new United Nations report says .
Among the threats are surges in human populations , the ape - meat trade , and logging and mining as well as the spread of the Ebola virus and other diseases , the report says .
Stretching from the Atlantic Coast to the East African countries of Burundi and Rwanda ( regional map ) , the Congo Basin covers much of central Africa and has traditionally been a rain forest refuge for gorillas and other apes .
But " with the rate of poaching and habitat loss , gorillas in the region may disappear from most of their present range in less than 10 to 15 years from now , " according to the report , co-authored by the international law enforcement agency Interpol .
Previous Study Too Optimistic ?
Eight years ago a similar study had predicted gorillas in the Congo Basin would lose 90 percent of their present habitat by 2030 .
Now it seems even that dire prognosis was too optimistic , the new report says .
At the time , researchers had failed to predict the rise in Chinese demand for timber or the growth of mining in the Democratic Republic of Congo .
( Related : " Elephants Decimated in Congo Park ; China Demand Blamed . " )
Adding to the gorillas ' plight is the shedding of taboos against eating gorilla meat , the report says .
Increasingly , mining and logging camps are hiring professional poachers to provide " bush meat " — wild animal flesh — for their workers and for refugees who 've fled nearby conflict .
Though gorillas still make up a tiny percentage of the bush - meat trade , losses can be devastating , because gorilla numbers are already so low and their communities are so tightly knit , experts say .
" If you kill a gorilla , you can compare it to killing a family member in a human family , " said Christian Nellemann , the new report 's editor in chief .
" In this case , you also disrupt their movement patterns and feeding sites . "
Also disruptive are pathogenic threats — many of them worsening as humans stream into formerly virgin forests — the report says .
In addition to naturally occurring pathogens such as the Ebola virus — which " may be contributing substantially to great ape declines in central Africa " — human - and livestock - based gastrointestinal pathogens such as E. coli can weaken ape immune systems and reproductive success , the report says .
( See " Ebola Killing Thousands of Gorillas , Study Says . " )
Most of these interspecies infections do n't require human - gorilla contact , either .
Rather , they make the jump via water or soil , for example .
Cell Phones Bad for Gorillas ?
The most threatened Congo Basin gorilla species is the eastern lowland gorilla , which lives mostly in eastern Congo 's North and South Kivu regions , said Nellemann , a UN Environment Programme official .
Those areas have seen some of the worst of the fighting between the Congolese army and rebel groups in recent years .
Kivu has also seen an increase in mining for metals such as gold and coltan , a mineral used in cell phones and other electronics .
( See " Can Cell - Phone Recycling Help African Gorillas ? " )
All Eggs in One Basket
The report does point to one success story : the rebound of the iconic mountain gorillas of Virunga National Park in the Democratic Republic of the Congo 's east ( Virunga gorilla pictures and facts ) .
Virunga mountain gorilla numbers rose from about 250 in the 1950s to some 380 today , thanks mostly to stepped - up ranger patrols , which target poachers as well as loggers , who cut down wood for the charcoal trade .
" It has been a success story , but it does n't make them any less vulnerable , " said Emmanuel de Merode , director of Virunga National Park .
" We 're dealing with an unusual situation where we have very low numbers in a single location .
Less obvious fractures may be missed on normal X - rays X - rays fail to spot up to nearly a third of fractures in the bones of the hip and pelvis , research suggests .
US doctors from Duke University warn that relying on standard X - rays alone to give a clean bill of health could lead to wrong diagnoses and law suits .
When they re-checked the X - ray results of 92 patients using a more detailed scanner , called MRI , they found 35 fractures that had been missed .
The findings are published in the American Journal of Roentgenology .
Dr Charles Spritzer , who led the research , said : " The diagnosis of traumatic fracture most often begins and ends with X - rays of the hip , pelvis , or both .
" In some cases though , the exclusion of a traumatic fracture is difficult . "
Delayed diagnosis
In the study of patients complaining of pain after an injury to the hip or pelvis , 13 with normal X - ray findings were found to have a collective total of 23 fractures seen on MRI ( magnetic resonance imaging ) .
Another 15 patients with abnormal X - rays had 12 additional pelvic fractures seen on MRI that otherwise would not have been identified .
Ultimately , it comes down to clinical acumen
Dr Tony Nicholson of the Royal College of Radiologists
And in 11 patients , MRI showed no fracture after X - rays had suggested there might be one .
The researchers say it is worth using MRI as well as an X - ray if doctors are in any doubt , particularly since hip patients tend to be frail and elderly with a higher than average risk of complications and death .
Dr Spritzer said : " Accurate diagnosis of hip and pelvic fractures in the emergency department can speed patients to surgical management , if needed , and reduce the rate of hospital admissions among patients who do not have fractures .
" Use of MRI in patients with a strong clinical suspicion of traumatic injury but unimpressive X - rays has a substantial advantage in the detection of pelvic and hip fractures . "
Dr Tony Nicholson , from the Royal College of Radiologists , said the findings quantified something already known or suspected .
But he did not think it would be feasible or sensible to give every patient an MRI scan .
" Ultimately , it comes down to clinical acumen .
If an elderly patient has persistent pain even though their X - ray shows only minor arthritis , an MRI would be a very reasonable request to check that there is not a fracture .
" It is always worrying when something is not diagnosed immediately , but I think most clinicians are first class and would follow up a patient appropriately . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The sentencing judge branded her a cunning fantasist whose " tortured and perverted mind " invented a mystery stalker and rapist .
But relatives , friends and anti-rape campaigners insisted on a very different picture of Gail Sherwood , a 52 - year - old former childminder and mother of three daughters , as she began a two - year jail sentence for perverting the course of justice .
They say that Sherwood , from Stroud , in Gloucestershire , is the victim of a violent stalker who twice kidnapped and raped her ‑ and of a system that has badly let her down .
Sherwood , 52 , was convicted on Thursday after an extraordinary and deeply unsettling six - week trial , during which she insisted she had been the victim of an intense stalking campaign by an unknown attacker , culminating in the two attacks .
The prosecution argued , in the end successfully , that she had made the whole story up .
Speaking to the Guardian before her sentencing , Sherwood insisted on her innocence and claimed that the police turned their attention to her after first making mistakes during the investigation into the rapes .
The police , she said , were sceptical from the start .
" From the beginning they never believed me , " she said .
" If you 're a single woman on your own they think you are a fantasist .
All I 've ever done is tell the truth .
I 've never lied to anybody and this is what you get for it . "
Sherwood 's supporters say her conviction will discourage rape victims from reporting attacks , and maintain that a dangerous man is on the loose in Gloucestershire , who may be encouraged to strike again .
The campaign group Women Against Rape ( War ) , which is leading the fight to clear Sherwood 's name , appealed for women who had been raped in the county to come forward .
The saga , described by the judge Julian Lambert as " unique " , began in 2001 , Sherwood claimed , when she began to be contacted and harassed by a man she did not know .
" I did n't know where he came from and I still do n't .
I do n't recognise him .
He 's never given me any indication as to where he knew me from . "
She had not called the police .
" People said : ' Do n't phone them , they never believe women on their own . ' "
The stalking stopped , Sherwood said , but started again in 2008 .
On one occasion , she told the court , she had been seized at a beauty spot near her home where she was walking her dog , raped and left tied to a fence .
A few weeks later , she said , she was kidnapped from her home , knocked unconscious and driven to a local stately home where she was again raped and tied up .
The jury did not believe her story , and the sentencing judge , describing her as " cunning and highly deceitful " , said she had invented a " malicious fantasy world " .
War argues her case was mishandled by investigators , and that there is a worrying trend among police to target rape victims after botching investigations into their complaints .
Privately Gloucestershire police concede mistakes were made .
Perhaps most crucially , after the first alleged rape , Sherwood said she began carrying a penknife and that she almost certainly cut the attacker during the second attack .
The knife was visible in police photographs of the scene and was picked up by a scenes of crimes officer , but was later lost .
By the time of the second alleged attack , however , officers had become convinced Sherwood was not telling the truth .
They set up covert cameras and later argued in court that footage recorded by one of their cameras showed Sherwood driving off alone in her own car at the time she had alleged she had been raped in the second assault .
Sherwood 's supporters pointed out that a second , unidentified figure was also captured by the camera shortly beforehand .
During her trial , which cost £ 100,000 , Sherwood spent 20 hours in the witness box defending herself against accusations of being a liar , a drunkard and a bad mother .
She said the ordeal was worse than the alleged rapes .
There was shock among Sherwood 's many friends and supporters when she was convicted , with around 60 people signing a letter to the judge calling the conviction " a total miscarriage of justice " .
It added : " We are also very concerned that as a result of this turn of events a stalker and rapist remains at large . "
Campaigners point out that the clear - up rate for allegations of rape in Gloucestershire has been poor in the past and is now only just above the national average of 6.5 % .
At the end of last year the Gloucestershire rape crisis centre asked for more volunteers after seeing an increase of more than one - third in the number of people needing its help .
Research carried out for the Home Office has suggested the police overestimate the number of false allegations made .
Detective Chief Inspector Paul Shorrock , the senior investigating officer , said the police and Crown Prosecution Service had considered very carefully before investigating Sherwood .
He said they had ploughed many resources into hunting the supposed rapist before concluding he did not exist .
He said one reason why they felt it necessary to pursue Sherwood was to reassure other people living nearby that there was no stalker on the loose .
The police have not been able to say what Sherwood 's motive was but he said officers were convinced there was no attacker .
He said the police had taken her claims seriously and investigated all allegations with care and sensitivity .
The district crown prosecutor , Rachael Scott , said : " We will continue to bring prosecutions for attempting to pervert the course of justice in cases of false allegations of rape .
Genuine rape victims need to know that we take their complaints extremely seriously and every attempt will be made to reveal evidence to support them .
This case was not only brought to protect the integrity of rape victims but also to demonstrate the devastating effects false allegations can have . "
Sherwood 's family and friends say they will stand by her .
Her partner , Graham Kimber , said : " He 's still out there , watching us .
This place has been under siege .
You may think we 're mad but it 's true .
There 's no end to it .
I suspect someone round here is going through the same thing as we are . "
The Health Freedom Zone
A wealth of positive effects
Why Big Pharma wants to destroy the health of your people
States must defend themselves against Washington 's tyranny
( Natural News ) Even as America has just been handed a " reformed " health care monopoly , most Americans by now realize that .
Keeping people sick and diseased so that you can pump more profits into the pharmaceutical corporations just does n't work to keep any state ( or nation ) healthy ; and in the long run , any state or nation that traps its people in a failed system of pharma - sponsored sick - care is doomed to financial failure .
If America stays on this current path of monopolized pharmaceutical medicine while continuing to outlaw and censor natural therapies , America will be financially ruined along with its states , cities , corporations and families .
But there is another solution , and it's one that I introduced at the recent Health Freedom Expo that just took place in Long Beach , California :
The creation of ain America .
Check out my YouTube video that explains this topic in a quick video format :
Here 's how it would work :
All it takes is just one state -- such as Oregon , Washington , Arizona or Hawaii -- declaring itself to be the " health freedom zone " for America .
It would openly allow naturopathic physicians and " CAM " practitioners ( Complementary and Alternative Medicine ) to treat ( and help cure ) serious diseases , including cancer , diabetes , heart disease and many others .
It would openly allow Chinese Medicine doctors , naturopaths , chiropractors and other well - educated health practitioners to offer nutritional therapies to prevent andserious disease .
At the same time , it would allow nutritional supplement companies toabout the truthful therapeutic effects of their products right on the product labels , so that consumers buying such products at retailers within the state could make informed decisions about how to prevent cancer with vitamin D , for example .
If just one state were to step up and much such a declaration , it would instantly transform itself intoand patients and natural health practitioners would flock to the state from all across North America to experience natural medicine
The results of this would include all the following :
#1 ) Your state would experience a booming economy from the huge influx of new natural health businesses and customers engaged in " natural health medical tourism " from all across the country .
#2) Potentially millions of new jobs would be created in your state in the support of these businesses , including office staff , logistics , administration , marketing and much more .
#3 ) Your state 's population wouldbecause they would now have access to naturopathic medicine , honestly - labeled nutritional supplements ( instead of the supplement censorship that is now forced upon us by the FDA ) , and natural therapies that are safer , more affordable and more effective than drugs and surgery .
#4 ) Because your state 's population is now getting healthier , your state expenditures on Medicaid would plummet .
So even while your economy is booming from natural health care tourism , you 're also spending less on sickness and disease .
#5) Your workforce becomes highly productive and desirable .
As your population becomes healthier and regains strong cognitive function thanks to nutrition , your workforce becomes sharper and healthier .
Corporations experience higher productivity and reduced losses due to sick time of staff , and your state gains a reputation as a place where companies can hire smart , productive and healthy people who have far lower health care costs .
Can you imagine the huge influx of corporations and the massive job creation that would follow ?
#6) As all of this is going on , your state would also see dramatic increases in happiness and longevity among the population .
And that translates into quality of life that gets your cities named as top choices for places to live in America .
There are other benefits , too .
These are just a few of the more important ones .
There are tremendous benefits to the first state that decides to take a stand against the censorship and health oppression of the FDA , an agency that is clearly working in criminal conspiracy with the pharmaceutical industry to deny Americans access to natural , alternative therapies that would destroy the pharmaceutical industry ( which depends on sickness and disease for its profits ) .
You see , Big Pharma wants your people to stay sick so that they can earn more money from that sickness .
But state governors want their people to be healthy so they can spend less money on sick - care and invest more state money in things like education .
This presentswhere the drug industry is rooting for sickness and disease while state lawmakers and governors are rooting for health and wellness .
Obama , for his part , has clearly sided with the drug industry and has now createdthat will force states to enslave their own people in a system of failed medicine that guarantees only Big Pharma profits , not human health .
But according to the U.S. Constitution , , and .
Any state can simply declare that it will recognize and license any sufficiently - qualified natural health practitioner and that it will allow products sold within the state to be accurately and honestly labeled with health claims even if such claims are not allowed by the FDA -- an agency that only has legal jurisdiction over products that are sold across state lines .
This will , of course , result in tension between Washington ( which wants to rule the nation under a sick - care regime of tyranny and censorship ) and the states ( which desperately need to find an affordable way to keep their populations healthy ) .
Eventually , when it becomes obvious that Big Pharma 's sick - care monopoly will only drive states and nations into outright financial destitution , states will be forced to reject Washington 's tyranny and come up with a better solution that really works ... a solution like this Washington wo n't like it , of course .
But that 's what the National Guard is for :
To defend your state against threats both foreign and domestic .
And right now , the FDA and its criminal conspiracy with Big Pharma is a very real and present danger to the health and financial solvency of every single American .
Pharm - O- bamacare will destroy America 's health and finances , and that 's perfectly fine with the FDA and Big Pharma because the drug companies are pocketing money while America collapses .
It will take a visionary leader in a courageous state that 's willing to take a stand against the health care tyranny of Washington and declare itself to be a Health Freedom Zone , but I believe that day is coming .
I believe there is a new movement ofgaining ground across America .
I believe states are tired of being dictated to by a hopelessly corrupt U.S. Congress ( and President ) that has betrayed the American people time and time again by selling out to corporate interests .
And I believe that we are fast approaching the day when states will take a stand against Washington .
Some , like Texas , may even decide to simply declare themselves to be their own sovereign nations .
Whether that happens or not , one thing is now written in stone : .
Now that the Big Pharm - O - bamanopoly sick - care disaster has been forced upon us all , the failure of that system will more quickly become obvious to everyone .
Vaccines , pharmaceuticals , mammograms and chemical psychiatry will only drive our nation even further into bankruptcy and disease , and before long , even the most fervent drug pushers will no longer be able to claim that their approach is working .
When western medicine collapses and the Pharm - O - Bamanopolistic sick - care system is finally recognized as the total failure it will inevitably become , there will be an opportunity for a new system of medicine to emerge -- a system based on nutrition , medicinal herbs , medicinal foods , superfoods , sunlight , exercise and natural therapies offered by holistic health practitioners operating under the banner of health freedom .
And that system will ultimately revolutionize health care by shifting the focus from today 's " symptom treatment " model to a more intelligent system of " health and wellness advocacy " that seeks to prevent disease and thereby save 99 cents on every dollar being spent on health care today .
I 'm just curious :
Which state will be the first to declare itself a Health Freedom Zone and reap the huge health and economic rewards for doing so ?
Be sure to check out my YouTube video that presents this same topic in a video format :
ARROYO GRANDE , Calif. ( MarketWatch ) -- Remember Charlie Ellis ' famous 1975 classic : " Winning the Loser 's Game : Timeless Strategies for Successful Investing ? "
Like Napoleon Hill 's " Think & Grow Rich " everyone on Wall Street has read it .
Well , guess what : Charlie failed us the past decade .
Wall Street lost trillions , lost 11 % of your money .
Adjusted for inflation , Wall Street lost 20 % of your money .
Warning : Wall Street will do it again by 2020 .
First , let 's review Ellis ' famous 10 strategies for winning at Wall Street 's casino : " Never speculate .
Your home 's not a stock or piggy bank .
Save more money .
Your broker 's not your friend .
Never trade commodities .
Do n't chase hot stocks .
Bonds also ride up and down .
Do n't invest for tax benefits .
Write goals and stick to them .
Never trust your emotions . "
You probably knew them by heart .
What happened ?
This insider gave you 10 rules for beating the Wall Street casinos ... and still you lost 20 % .
But in your defense , even if you broke all 10 of Charlie 's rules the past decade and lost 20 % , it still was n't your fault .
Wall Street was conning , scamming and manipulating you all along , all day , every day for the past decade .
And yet I 'll bet you 're still an optimist , gullible , trapped in Wall Street 's seductive pseudo - optimism , one of the majority of Americans who believe the market will go up 20 % or more in 2010 , " confident better times are ahead . "
Best advice today ?
Burn Ellis ' book .
His next edition should be titled : " Losing the Loser 's Game : How Wall Street Got Rich Between 2000 and 2009 Because Main Street Investors Are So Gullible , Stupid and Predictably Irrational . "
You cannot win at Wall Street 's " Loser 's Game . "
The past decade proves it .
The house always wins in Vegas and on Wall Street .
How not to lose 2010 - 2020 ?
Avoid Wall Street ; do n't play by their rules
So why bet on the house ?
Why bet with the Wall Street casino for another decade ?
Why ?
You 're betting in a rigged casino .
Worse , they keep adding powerful new tools , scams and algorithms to their " financial weapons of mass destruction " arsenal , as Warren Buffett calls this mysterious $ 670 trillion global shadow banking world of derivatives .
You can not win .
Statistically , the odds now predict Wall Street losing another 20 % of your money in the next decade .
The momentum 's headed down .
So , what should you do ?
Sell all your stocks , ETFs , bonds and funds .
Get out of commodities and gold .
Sell .
You think I 'm crazy ?
Imagine :
You 're a 50 - year - old boomer .
Flash forward to 2020 .
Retirement time ?
But you 've lost another 20 % , while those Wall Street Fat Cats will be paying themselves record bonuses averaging half - a- million annually for all 10 years from 2010 and 2020 ... but you can't retire .
They got their bonuses siphoning money out of your accounts .
What do you expects some kind of divine intervention will save you ?
Get real , consider the " Swiss Family Robinson " scenario .
No , you can not get back to even
My guess is you 're still smiling about that 60 % short - term gain in 2009 .
You 're still an optimist .
You really believe you can " get back to even , " like Jim Cramer and other hucksters are promoting on the Wall Street propaganda machine .
Yes , your portfolio did ride up on the 60 % rebound wave in 2009 .
You 're happy .
Short - term gratification .
You believe it 'll continue .
Wrong .
You 're forgetting the massive losses of more than $ 10 trillion in market cap the last decade since the Dow peaked at 11,722 in 2000 .
Worse , you 're forgetting the Dow 's still about 30 % under the 14,164 peak in 2007 .
What if you do n't sell ?
What if you take the risk and gamble Wall Street will change its evil ways .
What if you ignore me ?
What if you gamble and you lose another inflation - adjusted 20 % by 2020 , like you did between 2000 and 2009 ?
Or worse , what if you 're close to retiring or putting kids in college , and you lose 40 % like so many did in the 2007 - 2008 meltdown ?
Studies prove that nobody -- neither Wall Street pros nor Main Street amateurs -- can predict long - term trends .
But we do know Wall Street 's high - frequency quant traders are making thousands of millisecond bets every second gambling on short - term shifts in volatile markets .
You got a job all day .
They 're 24/7 gamblers .
They do n't have a clue what 's going to happen in a decade .
Worse , they do n't give a damn .
It 's irrelevant in their 24/7 short - term trading world .
Irrelevant to guys making anywhere from 10 times the income of the average American to making more in a single year than you 'll make in a lifetime .
Irrelevant in a culture that needs no moral compass and lives by one rule : " Greed is very good ! "
Eight reasons Wall Street will lose another 20 % in the next decade
The world of 2010 - 2020 is far more dangerous for investors than it was in the " Lost Decade , " as many economists now call the years from 2000 to 2009 .
Listen closely :
Here are eight reasons Wall Street will lose another 20 % , why the odds are heavily against you " Winning the Loser 's Game " by 2020 :
Foreign policy and wars .
The investment world 's far more volatile and dangerous today than in 2000 when Bush was elected .
America started a preemptive war - of - civilizations by attacking Iraq under false pretenses , the single biggest foreign policy blunder in American history , a war that 's had the unintended consequences of playing into the hands of our enemies , made them stronger , and unnecessarily cost us trillions , weakening America as a military and economic power , with no end in sight .
Monetary policy and the Fed .
Your world of investing is also in a far worse condition as a direct result of former Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan 's too - long legacy of free - market Reaganomics ideology funneling endless cheap money to Wall Street banks .
Worse , three regional Fed presidents recently endorsed an indefinite continuation of current Chairman Ben Bernanke 's cheap money policies , thus accelerating the next bubble .
But worst of all , when he had a chance to prove he was a real change - agent , President Obama made the biggest domestic policy blunder in history by reappointing Bernanke , a Greenspan clone , a Reaganomics ideologue and a Trojan Horse protecting Wall Street with trillions in cheap money loans , guarantees and toxic asset takeovers , all hidden from taxpayers .
Dysfunctional politics and the Party of No - No .
America 's unpredictable and hostile political world will also have enormous long - term economic consequences .
In this age of online citizen journalism the public is becoming more and more aware of the breakdown of Washington politics and the two - party system , the widening cultural gap between the rich and the rest of America , the exploding conflict between Corporate America and Main Street America and the " GOP Party of No - No 's " scorched - earth defense of all - things - business while fighting everything favoring the masses , including health care and financial reforms .
Warning :
This trend will get far more destructive .
The elections of 2010 and 2012 are guaranteed to make your investment world a dangerous no - man 's land .
Statistics guarantee you will lose at the Wall Street casino .
Remember : Between 2000 and 2009 Wall Street 's casino was in fact a " Loser 's Game " for Main Street investors .
The Dow did in fact drop from 11,722 in 2000 and from a peak of 14,164 in 2007 to the 10,400 range today .
The fact is , Wall Street 's lost an inflation - adjusted 20 % of your retirement nest egg in the recent " Lost Decade . "
And the odds are high they 'll lose more of your hard - earned money in the next decade .
The game 's fixed .
Wall Street has absolutely no moral conscience .
Wall Street 's greed knows no bounds , thanks to the moral hazard endorsed by the Fed and Treasury bailouts , Wall Street 's obsession with mega - bonuses for insiders and their addiction to the new high - risk , high - leveraged , high - frequency derivatives gambling game that easily generates $ 100 million trading - profit days .
Their cultural DNA must ignore lending to the little guy , to homeowners , to small businesses , to regional banks , to all the businesses that money - center banks used to help before investment bankers took over .
Wall Street 's DNA makes them incapable of feeling the pain the rest of America feels in an economic downturn with underemployment near 20 % .
Wall Streeters have zero moral conscience .
Unfortunately , it 's guaranteed to get far worse .
The ' Third Meltdown ' is dead ahead .
America is again being propelled to the edge of an economic cliff , already burdened with an estimated $ 23.7 trillion debt from the misguided political decisions of the past decade .
Endless deficits lie ahead .
Yet politicians , CEOs , bankers and Main Street folks have all failed to learn any lessons .
As Yale 's Robert Shiller put it : " Until we understand and address the psychology that fuels " these bubbles , they will " keep forming .
We recently lived through two epidemics of excessive financial optimism , we are close to a third episode . "
To another meltdown , to another Great Depression .
Lobbyists fueling America 's new ' Capitalist Anarchy . '
America 's becoming a " socialist " nation ?
No , the truth is America 's becoming the world 's first " Capitalist Anarchy , " thanks to the explosion of lobbyists running government .
This trend shows no sign of abating .
Imagine : 42,000 Washington lobbyists today , versus a handful in 1975 .
Other experts estimate 261,000 of these selfish special - interest " influence peddlers " throughout our nation .
And it 's so bad the Center for Public Integrity just reported that " more than 1,750 companies and organizations hired about 4,525 lobbyists , eight for each member of Congress , to influence health - reform bills in 2009 . "
Worse : this emerging " Capitalist Anarchy " is draining the Treasury with endless deficits piling up more killer debt that will negatively impact future market returns .
Taxpayers cannot afford Wall Street 's next bailout .
I 'll bet you 're in total denial about this one .
And you can bet Congress will avoid action till it 's too late .
But when the bomb detonates all hell will break lose .
Moral - hazard critics warn that Wall Street 's arrogant " too - political - to - fail " bankers actually believe taxpayers will bail them out again when they trigger the new meltdown .
Wrong .
Even if our politicians are dumb enough , the money wo n't be there .
That scenario will inevitably trigger a new Great Depression .
This is our destiny .
In fact , it 's highly doubtful that you , your portfolio , your family or your America will make it past 2012 , let alone into that comfortable retirement you may be planning for 2020 .
The Wall Street casino 's version of " Liar 's Poker " is a " Loser 's Game , " and the odds are high are they 'll lose a lot of your money again in the coming decade .
So again I ask you :
Do you really want to bet on the market winning for the next decade ?
Do you really believe that stocks , mutual funds , ETFs , commodities and bonds will make a profit in the next decade after Wall Street 's miserable performance the past decade ?
Trust them , you lose .
47 % of Americans will pay no federal income tax this year .
Not sure if that figure includes the Treasury Secretary .
According to Heritage Foundation the richest 10 % pay 71 % of all federal income tax .
Mark Steyn has some thoughts on voting your neighbor ’s pocketbook .
" Alien " , early draft , by Dan O'Bannon ALIEN ( project formerly titled STARBEAST ) Story by Dan O'Bannon & Ronald Shusett Screenplay by Dan O'Bannon 1976 SYNOPSIS
En route back to Earth from a far part of the galaxy , the crew of the starship SNARK intercepts a transmission in an alien language , originating from a nearby storm - shrouded planet .
Mankind has waited centuries to contact another form of intelligent life in the universe -- they decide to land and investigate .
Their search takes them to a wrecked alien spacecraft whose doors gape open -- it is dead and abandoned .
Inside they find , among other strange things , the skeleton of one of the unearthly space travellers .
Certain clues in the wrecked ship lead them across the hostile surface of the planet to a primitive stone pyramid , the only remnant of a vanished civilization .
Beneath this pyramid they find an ancient tomb full of fantastic artifacts .
Lying dormant in the tomb are centuries - old spores , which are triggered into life by the men's presence .
A parasite emerges and fastens itself to one of the men's faces -- and can not be removed .
An examination by the ship 's medical computer reveals that the creature has inserted a tube down his throat , which is depositing something inside him .
Then it is discovered that the parasite 's blood is a horribly corrosive acid which eats through metal -- they dare not kill it on the ship .
Ultimately it is dislodged from its victim and ejected from the ship , and they blast off from the Hell - planet .
However , before they can seal themselves into suspended animation for the long voyage home , a horrible little monster emerges from the victim 's body -- it has been growing in him , deposited there by the parasite ... and now it is loose on the ship .
A series of ghastly adventures follow .
They trap it in an air shaft and a man has to crawl down the shaft with a flamethrower -- it tears a man 's head off and runs away with his body -- a man is crushed in the air lock door and the ship loses most of its air in a terrific windstorm -- another man is burned to death and then eaten by the creature -- and another is woven into a cocoon as part of the alien 's bizarre life cycle .
Finally there is only one man left alive , alone on the ship with the creature , and only six hours till his air runs out ; which leads to a climax of horrifying , explosive jeopardy , the outcome of which determines who will reach Earth alive -- man or alien .
CAST OF CHARACTERS CHAZ STANDARD , Captain ................. A leader and a politician .
Believes that any action is better than no action .
MARTIN ROBY , Executive Officer ....... Cautious but intelligent -- a survivor .
DELL BROUSSARD , Navigator ............... Adventurer ; brash glory - hound .
SANDY MELKONIS , Communications .......... Tech Intellectual ; a romantic .
CLEAVE HUNTER , Mining Engineer ......... High - strung ; came along to make his fortune .
JAY FAUST , Engine Tech ............. A worker .
Unimaginative .
The crew is unisex and all parts are interchangeable for men or women .
FADE IN : EXTREME CLOSEUPS OF FLICKERING INSTRUMENT PANELS .
Readouts and digital displays pulse eerily with the technology of the distant future .
Wherever we are , it seems to be chill , dark , and sterile .
Electronic machinery chuckles softly to itself .
Abruptly we hear a BEEPING SIGNAL , and the machinery begins to awaken .
Circuits close , lights blink on .
CAMERA ANGLES GRADUALLY WIDEN , revealing more and more of the machinery , banks of panels , fluttering gauges , until we reveal : INTERIOR - HYPERSLEEP VAULT
A stainless steel room with no windows , the walls packed with instrumentation .
The lights are dim and the air is frigid .
Occupying most of the floor space are rows of horizontal FREEZER COMPARTMENTS , looking for all the world like meat lockers .
FOOM !
FOOM !
FOOM !
With explosions of escaping gas , the lids on the freezers pop open .
Slowly , groggily , six nude men sit up .
ROBY Oh ... God ... am I cold ...
BROUSSARD
Is that you , Roby ?
ROBY I feel like shit ...
BROUSSARD
Yeah , it 's you all right .
Now they are yawning , stretching , and shivering .
FAUST ( groans ) Ohh ...
I must be alive , I feel dead .
BROUSSARD
You look dead .
MELKONIS
The vampires rise from their graves .
This draws a few woozy chuckles .
BROUSSARD ( shakes his fist in the air triumphantly )
We made it !
HUNTER ( not fully awake )
Is it over ?
STANDARD
It 's over , Hunter .
HUNTER ( yawning )
Boy , that 's terrific .
STANDARD ( looking around with a grin )
Well , how does it feel to be rich men ?
FAUST Cold !
This draws a LAUGH .
STANDARD Okay !
Everybody topside !
Let 's get our pants on and get to our posts !
The men begin to swing out of the freezers .
MELKONIS
Somebody get the cat .
Roby picks a limp cat out of a freezer .
INTERIOR - CONTROL ROOM
This is a fantastic circular room , jammed with instrumentation .
There are no windows , but above head level the room is ringed by viewscreens , all blank for the moment .
There are seats for four men .
Each chair faces a console and is surrounded by a dazzling array of technology .
STANDARD , ROBY , BROUSSARD , and MELKONIS are entering and finding their seats .
BROUSSARD
I 'm going to buy a cattle ranch .
ROBY ( putting down the cat ) Cattle ranch !
BROUSSARD
I 'm not kidding .
You can get one if you have the credit .
Look just like real cows , too .
STANDARD
All right , tycoons , let 's stop spending our credit and start worrying about the job at hand .
ROBY Right .
Fire up all systems .
They begin to throw switches , lighting up their consoles .
The control room starts to come to life .
All around the room , colored lights flicker and chase each other across glowing screens .
The room fills with the hum and chatter of machinery .
STANDARD
Sandy , you want to give us some vision ?
MELKONIS
Feast your eyes .
Melkonis reaches to his console and presses a bank of switches .
The strip of viewscreens flickers into life .
On each screen , we see BLACKNESS SPECKLED WITH STARS .
BROUSSARD ( after a pause )
Where 's Irth ?
STANDARD
Sandy , scan the whole sky .
Melkonis hits buttons .
On the screens the images all begin to pan .
CAMERA MOVES IN ON ONE OF THE SCREENS , with its moving image of a starfield .
EXTERIOR - OUTER SPACE CLOSE SHOT OF A PANNING TV CAMERA .
This camera is remote controlled , turning silently on its base .
CAMERA BEGINS TO PULL BACK , revealing that the TV camera is mounted on the HULL OF SOME KIND OF CRAFT .
When the pullback is finished , WE SEE THE FULL LENGTH OF THE STARSHIP " SNARK , " hanging in the depths of interstellar space , against a background of glimmering stars .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE ROBY
Where are we ?
STANDARD
Sandy , contact traffic control .
Melkonis switches on his radio unit .
MELKONIS
This is deep space commercial vessel SNARK , registration number E180246 , calling Antarctica air traffic control .
Do you read me ?
Over .
There is only the HISS OF STATIC .
BROUSSARD ( staring at a screen ) I do n't recognize that constellation .
STANDARD
Dell , plot our location .
Broussard goes into action , punching buttons , lighting up all his instruments .
BROUSSARD I got it .
Oh boy .
STANDARD
Where the hell are we ?
BROUSSARD Just short of Zeta II Reticuli .
We have n't even reached the outer rim yet .
ROBY
What the hell ?
Standard picks up a microphone .
STANDARD
This is Chaz speaking .
Sorry , but we are not home .
Our present location seems to be only halfway to Irth .
Remain at your posts and stand by .
That is all .
ROBY Chaz , I 've got something here on my security alert .
A high priority from the computer ...
STANDARD
Let 's hear it .
ROBY ( punches buttons )
Computer , you have signalled a priority three message .
What is the message ?
COMPUTER ( a mechanical voice ) I have interrupted the course of the voyage .
ROBY
What ?
Why ?
COMPUTER
I am programmed to do so if certain conditions arise .
STANDARD Computer , this is Captain Standard .
What conditions are you talking about ?
COMPUTER
I have intercepted a transmission of unknown origin .
STANDARD A transmission ?
COMPUTER
A voice transmission .
MELKONIS
Out here ?
The men exchange glances .
COMPUTER
I have recorded the transmission .
STANDARD
Play it for us , please .
Over the speakers , we hear a hum , a crackle , static ...
THEN A STRANGE , UNEARTHLY VOICE FILLS THE ROOM , SPEAKING AN ALIEN LANGUAGE .
The bizarre voice speaks a long sentence , then falls silent .
The men all stare at each other in amazement .
STANDARD Computer , what language was that ?
COMPUTER
Unknown .
ROBY Unknown !
What do you mean ?
COMPUTER
It is none of the 678 dialects spoken by technological man .
There is a pause , then EVERYBODY STARTS TALKING AT THE SAME TIME .
STANDARD ( silencing them )
Just hold it , hold it !
( glares around the room ) Computer : have you attempted to analyze the transmission ?
COMPUTER
Yes .
There are two points of salient interest .
Number one : it is highly systematized , indicating intelligent origin .
Number two : certain sounds are inconsistent with the human palate .
ROBY Oh my God. STANDARD
Well , it 's finally happened .
MELKONIS
First contact ...
STANDARD
Sandy , can you home in on that beam ?
MELKONIS
What 's the frequency ?
STANDARD Computer , what 's the frequency of the transmission ?
COMPUTER 65330 dash 99 .
Melkonis punches buttons .
MELKONIS
I 've got it .
It 's coming from ascension 6 minutes 32 seconds , declination - 39 degrees 2 seconds .
STANDARD Dell -- show me that on a screen .
BROUSSARD I 'll give it to you on number four .
Broussard punches buttons .
One of the viewscreens flickers , and a small dot of light becomes visible in the corner of the screen .
BROUSSARD ( CONT'D )
That 's it .
Let me straighten it out .
He twists a knob , moving the image on the screen till the dot is in the center .
STANDARD
Can you get it a little closer ?
BROUSSARD
That 's what I 'm going to do .
He hits a button .
The screen flashes and a PLANET APPEARS .
BROUSSARD ( CONT'D ) Planetoid .
Diameter , 120 kilometers .
MELKONIS
It 's tiny !
STANDARD
Any rotation ?
BROUSSARD Yeah .
Two hours .
STANDARD Gravity ?
BROUSSARD
Point eight six .
We can walk on it .
Standard rises .
STANDARD Martin , get the others up to the lounge .
INTERIOR - MULTI - PURPOSE ROOM
The entire crew -- STANDARD , ROBY , BROUSSARD , MELKONIS , HUNTER , and FAUST -- are all seated around a table , with Standard at the head .
MELKONIS
If it 's an S.O.S. , we 're morally obligated to investigate .
BROUSSARD Right .
HUNTER
I do n't know .
Seems to me we came on this trip to make some credit , not to go off on some kind of side trip .
BROUSSARD ( excited )
Forget the credit ; what we have here is a chance to be the first men to contact a nonhuman intelligence .
ROBY
If there is some kind of alien intelligence down on that planetoid , it'd be a serious mistake for us to blunder in unequipped .
BROUSSARD
Hell , we 're equipped -- ROBY
Hell , no !
We do n't know what 's down there on that piece of rock !
It might be dangerous !
What we should do is get on the radio to the exploration authorities ... and let them deal with it .
STANDARD
Except it will take 75 years to get a reply back .
Do n't forget how far we are from the Colonies , Martin .
BROUSSARD
There are no commercial lanes out here .
Face it , we 're out of range .
MELKONIS
Men have waited centuries to contact another form of intelligent life in the universe .
This is an opportunity which may never come again .
ROBY Look -- STANDARD
You 're overruled , Martin .
Gentlemen -- let 's go .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE
The men are strapping in , but this time it is with grim determination .
STANDARD
Dell , I want greater magnification .
More surface detail .
I want to see what this place looks like .
BROUSSARD I 'll see what I can do .
He jabs his controls .
The image on the screen ZOOMS DOWN TOWARD THE PLANET ; but all detail quickly vanishes into a featureless grey haze .
STANDARD
It 's out of focus .
ROBY
No -- that 's atmosphere .
Cloud layer .
MELKONIS My God , it 's stormy for a piece of rock that size !
ROBY
Just a second .
( punches buttons )
Those are n't water vapor clouds ; they have no moisture content .
STANDARD
Put ship in atmospheric mode .
EXTERIOR - " SNARK " - OUTER SPACE
The great dish antenna on the SNARK folds down against the main body of the ship , and other parts flatten out , until the ship has assumed an aerodynamic form .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE STANDARD
Dell , set a course and bring us in on that beam .
EXTERIOR - SPACE
The SNARK 's engines cough into life , and send it drifting toward the distant dot that is the planetoid .
CAMERA APPROACHES THE PLANETOID , until it looms large on screen .
It is turbulent , completely enveloped in dun-colored clouds .
The SNARK drops down toward the surface .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE STANDARD
Activate lifter quads .
BROUSSARD Activated .
Vertical drop checked .
Correcting course .
On tangential course now , orbiting .
( brief pause as he studies his instruments )
Crossing the terminator .
Entering night side .
EXTERIOR - " SNARK " - IN ORBIT Beneath the orbiting SNARK , night 's curtain rolls across the planet .
Descending at an angle , the SNARK drops down into the thick atmosphere of the planetoid .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE ROBY Atmospheric turbulence .
Dust storm .
STANDARD
Turn on navigation lights .
EXTERIOR - " SNARK " Hydroplaning down through the pea-soup atmosphere , a set of brilliant lights switches on , cutting through the dust , but hardly improving visibility .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE BROUSSARD
Approaching point of origin .
Closing at 20 kilometers , 15 and slowing .
Ten .
Five .
Gentlemen , we are directly above the source of the transmission .
STANDARD
What 's the terrain down there ?
BROUSSARD
Well , line of sight is impossible due to dust .
Radar gives me noise .
Sonar gives me noise .
Infrared -- noise .
Let 's try ultraviolet .
There .
Flat .
It 's totally flat .
A plain .
STANDARD
Is it solid ?
BROUSSARD
It 's ... basalt .
Rock .
STANDARD
Then take her down .
BROUSSARD Drop begins ... now !
Fifteen kilometers and dropping ... twelve ... ten ... eight and slowing .
Five .
Three .
Two .
One kilometer and slowing .
Lock tractor beams .
There is a LOUD ELECTRICAL HUM and the ship shudders .
ROBY Locked .
BROUSSARD
Kill drive engines .
The engines fall silent .
ROBY Engines off .
BROUSSARD
Nine hundred meters and dropping .
800 . 700 .
Hang on gentlemen .
EXTERIOR - SURFACE OF PLANET - NIGHT
The night - shrouded surface is a hell of blowing dust .
The SNARK hovers above it on glowing beams of light , dropping down slowly .
Landing struts unfold like insect legs .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE BROUSSARD
And we 're ... down .
EXTERIOR - SURFACE OF PLANET - NIGHT
The ship touches down , heavily ; it rocks on huge shock absorbers .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE
The whole ship VIBRATES VIOLENTLY FOR AN INSTANT -- then all the panels in the room flash simultaneously and the LIGHT'S GO OUT .
BROUSSARD Jesus Christ !
The lights come back on again .
STANDARD
What the hell happened ?
ROBY ( hits a switch ) Engine room , what happened ?
FAUST ( over , filtered )
Just a minute , hold it , I 'm checking .
ROBY
Has the hull been breached ?
BROUSSARD Uh ... ( scans his gauges )
No , I do n't see anything .
We 've still got pressure .
There is a BEEP from the communicator .
Then : FAUST ( over , filtered ) Martin , this is Jay .
The intakes are clogged with dust .
We overheated and burned out a whole cell .
STANDARD ( strikes his panel ) Damn it !
How long to fix ?
ROBY ( into microphone )
How long to fix ?
FAUST ( over , filtered )
Hard to say .
ROBY
Well , get started .
FAUST ( over , filtered ) Right .
Talk to you .
STANDARD
Let 's take a look outside .
Turn the screens back on .
Melkonis hits buttons .
The screens flicker , but remain black .
BROUSSARD
Can't see a blessed thing .
EXTERIOR - SHIP - NIGHT
Only a few glittering lights distinguish the ship from the absolute darkness around it .
THE WIND MOANS AND SCREAMS .
DUST BLOWS IN FRONT OF THE TINY GLIMMERING LIGHTS .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - NIGHT STANDARD
Kick on the floods .
EXTERIOR - SHIP - NIGHT
A ring of FLOODLIGHTS on the ship come to life , pouring blinding light out into the night .
They illuminate nothing but a patch of featureless grey ground and clouds of blowing dust .
The wind shrieks .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - NIGHT ROBY
Not much help .
Standard stares at the dark screens .
STANDARD
Well , we can't go anywhere in this darkness .
How long till dawn ?
MELKONIS ( consults his instruments )
Well ... this rock rotates every two hours .
The sun should be coming up in about 20 minutes .
BROUSSARD Good !
Maybe we 'll be able to see something then .
ROBY
Or something will be able to see us .
They all look at him .
DISSOLVE TO : EXTERIOR - SHIP - NIGHT ( MAIN TITLE SEQUENCE )
The floodlights on the SNARK fight a losing battle against the darkness and the storm .
MAIN THEME MUSIC BEGINS , EXTREMELY OMINOUS .
THE TITLE APPEARS : ALIEN RUN TITLES .
Gradually , the screen begins to lighten as the SUN RISES .
The silhouette of the SNARK becomes visible , like some strange insect crouching motionless on the barren plain .
The floods shut off .
Dense clouds of impenetrable dust shriek and moan , obscuring everything and reducing the sunlight to a dull orange .
END MAIN TITLES .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - DAY CLOSE ON A SCREEN - it shows nothing but swirling clouds of orange dust .
PULL BACK FROM SCREEN .
The men ( Standard , Roby , Broussard , and Melkonis ) are sitting and standing around the room , drinking coffee and staring at the screens , which reveal only the billowing dust .
ROBY
There could be a whole city out there and we'd never see it .
BROUSSARD
Not sitting on our butts in here , that 's for sure .
STANDARD
Just settle down .
Sandy , you get any response yet ?
MELKONIS ( pulls off his earphones ) Sorry .
Nothing but that same damn transmission , every 32 seconds .
I 've tried every frequency on the spectrum .
BROUSSARD
Are we just going to sit around and wait for an invitation ?
Roby gives Broussard a black look , then stabs a button on his console and speaks into the mike .
ROBY ( into mike ) Hello , Faust !
FAUST ( over , filtered )
Yeah !
ROBY
How 's it coming on the engines ?
INTERIOR - ENGINE ROOM
Faust is seated at an electronic workbench , brightly lit , speaking into a wall intercom .
FAUST
I never saw anything as fine as this dust ... these cells are all pitted on a microscopic level .
I have to polish these things smooth again , so it 's going to take a while .
Okay ?
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - DAY ROBY
Yeah , okay .
( puts down the mike ) STANDARD Sandy ... how far are we from the source of the transmission ?
MELKONIS
Source of transmission is to the northeast ... about 300 meters .
ROBY Close ...
BROUSSARD
Close enough to walk to !
STANDARD Martin , would you run me an atmospheric ?
ROBY ( punches buttons and consults his panels ) 10 % argon , 85 % nitrogen , 5 % neon ... and some trace elements .
STANDARD Nontoxic ... but unbreathable .
Pressure ?
ROBY
Ten to the fourth dynes per square centimeter .
STANDARD Good !
Moisture content ?
ROBY Zero .
Dry as a bone .
STANDARD
Any microorganisms ?
ROBY
Not a one .
It 's dead .
STANDARD
Anything else ?
ROBY
Yeah , rock particles .
Dust .
STANDARD
Well , we wo n't need pressure suits , but breathing masks are called for .
Sandy -- can you rig up some kind of portable unit that we can use to follow that transmission to its source ?
MELKONIS
No problem .
BROUSSARD
I volunteer for the exploration party .
STANDARD I heard you .
You want to break out the side arms ?
INTERIOR - MAIN ARM LOCK - DAY Standard , Broussard and Melkonis enter the lock .
They all wear gloves , boots , jackets , and pistols .
Broussard touches a button and the inner door slides silently shut , sealing them into the lock .
They all pull on rubber full - head oxygen masks .
STANDARD ( adjusting the radio on his mask ) I 'm sending .
Do you hear me ?
BROUSSARD Receiving .
MELKONIS
Receiving .
STANDARD
All right .
Now just remember : keep away from those weapons unless I say otherwise .
Martin , do you read me ?
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - DAY ROBY
Read you , Chaz .
INTERIOR - MAIN AIR LOCK - DAY STANDARD
Open the outer door .
Ponderously , the outer lock door slides open .
ORANGE SUNLIGHT streams into the lock , and clouds of dust swirl in .
We hear the MOANING OF THE WIND OUTSIDE .
A mobile stairway slides out of the open hatchway , and clunks as it hits the ground .
Standard walks out into the storm , followed by the others .
EXTERIOR - PLANETOID - DAY
The three men trot down the gangplank to the surface of the planet .
Their feet sink into a thick layer of dust and loose rock .
The men huddle together , looking around .
The wind screams and tugs at their clothes .
Nothing can be seen .
STANDARD
Which way , Sandy ?
Melkonis is fiddling with a portable direction - finder .
MELKONIS ( pointing )
That way .
STANDARD
You lead .
Melkonis walks into the blinding dust clouds , followed closely by the others .
STANDARD Okay , Martin .
We 're on our way .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - DAY
Roby is the sole occupant of the bridge .
He is huddled over his console , smoking a cigarette and watching three moving blips on a screen .
ROBY
Okay , Chaz , I hear you .
I 've got you on my board .
STANDARD ( over , filtered ) Good .
I 'm getting you clear too .
Let 's just keep the line open .
EXTERIOR - PLANETOID - DAY
The three men plough their way through a limbo of yellow dust and shrieking wind .
With their rubbery masks and deliberate movements , they look like deep - sea divers at the bottom of a murky ocean .
Melkonis leads the column , following the compass on the direction finder .
STANDARD ( CONT'D )
Can't see more than three meters in any direction out here .
We 're walking blind , on instruments .
They wade on , following Melkonis .
Abruptly he halts .
STANDARD ( CONT'D )
What 's wrong ?
MELKONIS
My signal 's fading .
He studies the direction finder .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - DAY
Roby is listening intently to the dialogue from the helmet radios .
MELKONIS ( CONT'D ) ( over , filtered )
It 's the dust , it 's interfering ...
His concentration is so great that he does NOT NOTICE HUNTER COMING UP BEHIND HIM .
MELKONIS ( CONT'D ) ( over , filtered ) ...
Hold it , I 've got it again .
It 's over that way .
Standing DIRECTLY BEHIND ROBY , Hunter speaks .
HUNTER
What 's happening ?
Startled out of his wits , Roby GASPS and whirls around to face Hunter .
ROBY ( startled silly )
Hell !
Hunter stares at Roby , whose momentary terror dissolves into embarrassed anger .
EXTERIOR - PLANETOID - DAY
The three men push their way through the storm .
Melkonis stops again , studies the direction finder .
MELKONIS
It 's close , real close .
STANDARD
How far ?
MELKONIS
We should be almost on top of it .
I just can't quite ...
Suddenly , Broussard grabs Standard 's arm and points .
The others stare in the direction he is pointing .
REVERSE ANGLE - THEIR POINT-OF-VIEW
Through the dense clouds of swirling dust we can just barely make out some kind of HUGE SHAPE .
As we watch , the dust clears slightly , REVEALING A GROTESQUE SHIP RISING FROM THE SHIP LIKE SOME GIGANTIC TOADSTOOL .
It is clearly of non -human manufacture .
ANGLE ON THE MEN
They are struck dumb by the sight of the craft .
Finally , Standard finds his voice .
STANDARD Martin , uh , we 've found it .
ROBY ( sharply -- over , filtered )
Found what ?
STANDARD
It appears to be some sort of spacecraft .
We 're going to approach it .
They start toward the alien ship .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - DAY STANDARD ( CONT'D ) ( over , filtered )
There are no signs of life .
No lights ... no movement ...
Roby and Hunter are listening with hypnotic concentration .
STANDARD ( CONT'D ) ( over , filtered )
We 're , uh , approaching the base .
EXTERIOR - BASE OF TOADSTOOL SHIP - DAY
A strangely shaped DOOR yawns open at the base of the ship .
Dust and sand have blown in , filling the lower part of the entrance .
With great caution , the men approach the entrance and group around it .
STANDARD ( CONT'D )
Appears to be a door hanging open , the entrance is clogged with debris .
BROUSSARD
Looks like a derelict .
STANDARD Martin , we 're going in .
I 'm going to hold the conversation to a minimum from here on .
INTERIOR - ALIEN SHIP - DAY
The doorway is a glowing geometric blur of light against blackness , spewing dust .
In the darkness of the chamber are huge , formless shapes .
Standard , Broussard and Melkonis appear silhouetted against the doorway .
They switch on flashlight - like devices called " DATASTICKS " , and step in .
Carefully , peering around , they pick their way past the indistinct machinery .
MELKONIS
Air lock ?
STANDARD
Who knows ?
BROUSSARD
Let 's try and find the control room .
As they move their lights around , they can see that the walls , ceiling , and machinery are FULL OF HUGE , IRREGULAR HOLES .
MELKONIS
Look at these holes .
This place looks like Swiss cheese .
Broussard shines his light up into a huge hole in the ceiling .
BROUSSARD
This hole goes up several decks -- looks like somebody was firing a military disintegrator in here .
They all peer up the hole into darkness .
STANDARD Climbing gear .
Standard draws out a stubby spear gun with a graplon attached to it .
He aims it up into the hole and fires .
The graplon is launched up into darkness , trailing a thin wire .
There is a dull CLUNK , and the wire dangles .
BROUSSARD I 'll go first .
STANDARD
No , you 'll follow me .
Standard attaches the wire to a powered gear box on his chest , and presses a button .
With a mechanical whine , he is pulled up into the hole , using his feet for leverage where he can .
Broussard attaches the wire to his own chest unit .
INTERIOR - CONTROL ROOM OF ALIEN SHIP
This chamber is totally dark as Broussard arrives at the top of the hole .
Standard stands with his flashlight / camera ( " datastick " ) tracing a beam through the hanging dust .
Broussard unclips himself from the climbing wire , then raises his own light .
At that moment , Melkonis arrives at the top of the hole .
THEIR LIGHTS SCAN THE ROOM .
The beams are clearly visible as columns of light in the floating dust .
They reveal heavy , odd shapes .
Broussard stumbles over something .
He shines his light down on it .
It is a large , glossy urn , brown in color , with peculiar markings .
Broussard stands it upright .
It has a round opening in the top , and is empty .
Suddenly , Melkonis lets out a grunt of shock .
Their lights have illuminated something unspeakably grotesque : A HUGE ALIEN SKELETON , SEATED IN THE CONTROL CHAIR .
They approach the skeleton , their lights trained on it .
IT IS A GROTESQUE THING , BEARING NO RESEMBLANCE TO THE HUMAN FORM .
MELKONIS Holy Christ ...
Standard shines his light on the console at which the hideous skeleton is seated .
He moves his light closer and peers at the panel .
STANDARD
Look at this ...
They approach .
STANDARD ( CONT'D )
Something has been scratched here ... into the veneer .
See ?
Traced raggedly onto the surface of the panel , as by the point of a sharp instrument , is a small triangle : Hearing something , Broussard flashes his light across the room .
As the beam scans the walls , it briefly touches on SOMETHING THAT MOVES .
Melkonis convulsively yanks out his pistol .
MELKONIS LOOK OUT , IT MOVED !
Standard knocks his hand down .
STANDARD
Keep away from that gun !
Standard shoulders himself in front of the others .
Then , slowly , he begins to move toward the far side of the room .
They approach a console on the wall , training their lights on it .
There is a machine .
On the machine , a small bar moves steadily back and forth , sliding noiselessly in its grooves .
STANDARD ( CONT'D )
Just machinery .
BROUSSARD
But functioning .
Melkonis looks down at his direction finder .
MELKONIS
That 's where the transmission is coming from .
He throws a switch on the direction finder -- with a crackle and a hum , the UNEARTHLY VOICE fills their earphones .
BROUSSARD A recording .
A damned automatic recording .
EXTERIOR - PLANETOID - SUNSET SINISTER ANGLE ON THE SNARK .
As we watch , the sunlight turns the color of blood , and then the sun is down , leaving murky blackness in its wake .
The ring of floodlights on the ship flares into life , feebly combatting the darkness and the storm .
INTERIOR - MULTI - PURPOSE ROOM
The entire crew is seated around the conference table , watching holographic pictures projected onto a screen .
These are photos taken by their " datasticks " ( flashlight / cameras ) .
Standard is commenting on the changing slides .
STANDARD ...
This is the control room ...
Two or three pictures click onto the screen in succession , showing the suited men standing against banks of machinery .
STANDARD ( CONT'D ) ...
Some details of the control room ...
The SKELETON appears on the screen .
The men react with mutters .
STANDARD ( CONT'D ) ...
This is the skeleton ... another view of the skeleton ... the transmitting device ...
The triangle that was cut into the alien 's console appears .
STANDARD ( CONT'D ) ...
This is a closeup of the triangle we found scrawled on the console in front of the skeleton ...
Standard changes the slide .
The screen goes white .
STANDARD ( CONT'D ) ...
And that 's it .
He turns off the projector and brings the lights up .
HUNTER Phenomenal .
Staggering .
BROUSSARD
We 've got to go back and take a lot more pictures , holograph everything .
MELKONIS
And bring back as much physical evidence as possible , too .
The rest of the skeleton .
Some of the machinery .
Written records , if there are any .
Roby is slumped in his chair .
He has said nothing .
STANDARD Martin ?
ROBY I agree .
This is the single most important discovery in history .
STANDARD But ?
ROBY
What killed it ?
BROUSSARD
Hell , that thing 's been dead for years .
Maybe hundreds of years .
The whole planet 's dead .
FAUST
The way I figure it , they landed here for repairs or something , then they could n't take off again .
Maybe the dust ruined their engines .
They set up an S.O.S. beacon , but nobody came .
So they died .
ROBY
He died .
FAUST
What ?
ROBY
Not they ... he ...
They all turn to look in the direction of Roby 's nod .
CAMERA MOVES OVER TO REVEAL THE ALIEN SKULL SITTING ON A TABLE .
ROBY ( CONT'D ) ...
There was only one skeleton .
There is a moment of silence .
STANDARD Jay ... how 's it coming on the repairs ?
FAUST Well ...
I 'm going to have to blow the engines out ...
STANDARD
And when will you be ready to do that ?
FAUST
Oh -- I 'm not near ready yet .
STANDARD
Then why the hell are you sitting around here ?
FAUST Right .
The men rise and begin to disperse , but Roby remains seated , deep in thought , staring at the skull .
Melkonis lingers in the room with him .
MELKONIS
And there sits man 's first contact with intelligent life in the universe .
EXTERIOR - SHIP - NIGHT ANGLE ON THE SHIP , its spotlights cutting into the gloom .
INTERIOR - ENGINE ROOM
A room throbbing with power , enormous pulsing engines capable of releasing unimaginable energies .
Faust has a complicated arrangement set up at the base of one of the engines , with spotlights on it .
He is wearing goggles and thin gloves .
FAUST
You ready up there ?
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - NIGHT
Broussard and Melkonis are seated at their consoles , conversing with Faust while they watch their instruments .
BROUSSARD
Sure , we 're ready .
INTERIOR - ENGINE ROOM FAUST
Okay .
I 'm going to start the extraction procedure now .
He pauses to wipe his brow .
INTERIOR - MULTI - PURPOSE ROOM
Roby is alone in the room , slumped into a chair , watching the photographic slides on the screen .
He is clicking slowly through them .
He stops on an angle of the skeleton , and stares at it .
The alien 's misshapen skull is sitting on the table next to him .
He picks it up , holds it up to the screen for comparison , and studies it .
Standard appears in the doorway .
STANDARD Alas , poor Yorick .
Roby STARTS , puts down the skull .
Standard sits at the table .
STANDARD ( CONT'D ) ( nodding at the screen )
Find anything we missed ?
ROBY ( shrugs ) I do n't even know what I 'm looking for .
STANDARD Still worried ?
ROBY
Oh well ... you know me .
STANDARD
I 've always respected your opinion , Martin .
If something worries you , it worries me .
Roby reaches over and changes the slide , to the one of the CRUDELY DRAWN TRIANGLE ON THE ALIEN CONTROL PANEL .
ROBY
What would you say that was supposed to mean ?
STANDARD Well ... it 's obviously intentional ... some kind of attempt at communication ... maybe it's a symbol that means something to them ...
ROBY
But why draw it on the wall ?
Roby switches off the projector , sits up , and rubs his face wearily .
He rises and goes to the coffee machine .
ROBY ( CONT'D ) ( picking a hair out of the coffeepot )
This ship is full of cat hair .
STANDARD
Tell you what , Martin .
As soon as the engine 's fixed -- BEEP !
The communicator interrupts Standard .
He leans across and presses the button .
STANDARD ( CONT'D )
This is Chaz .
BROUSSARD ( over , filtered ) Chaz , this is Dell .
Can you come topside for a minute ?
STANDARD
What 's up ?
BROUSSARD ( over , filtered )
Well , the sun just came up again , and it seems the wind 's died down .
It 's as clear as a bell outside .
There 's something I think you ought to see .
STANDARD I 'm on my way .
He and Roby head for the door .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - DAY
Broussard is alone in the control room when Standard and Roby arrive .
STANDARD
What is it ?
BROUSSARD
Take a look .
EXTERIOR - SHIP - DAY
The dust no longer blows .
The day is crisp , clear , and silent .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - DAY BROUSSARD
I was scanning the horizon to see what I could pick up .
Look there , on that screen .
STANDARD
What is it , I can't -- BLIP !
Broussard enlarges the image .
The screen now shows a TAPERING STONE PYRAMID on the horizon .
They all stare at the image for a long moment .
The silhouette of the PYRAMID IS INSTANTLY SUGGESTIVE OF THE SCRAWLED TRIANGLE in the alien ship .
Standard presses the nearest communicator and speaks into the grille .
STANDARD
This is Chaz .
All hands topside .
Now .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - DAY - A LITTLE LATER ANGLE ON A VIEWSCREEN .
It shows the PYRAMID on the horizon .
CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal all the men , sitting and standing around the room .
STANDARD
Does n't seem much doubt about it , does there ?
MELKONIS
That creature sure must have considered it important ... using his last strength to draw it ...
BROUSSARD
Maybe they built it .
FAUST
As what ?
BROUSSARD A marker for buried instrumentation ?
HUNTER
Or a mass grave .
BROUSSARD
Maybe the rest of the crew is in there -- in some kind of suspended animation , waiting to be rescued .
MELKONIS
It was n't necessarily built by them .
On the screens , a puff of DUST blows in front of the pyramid .
ROBY
Here comes the dust again .
EXTERIOR - SHIP - DAY WITH A SHRIEK , THE DUST STORM RETURNS , completely obscuring the SNARK .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - DAY STANDARD
Well , does anyone else agree with Martin that we should not explore it ?
Everyone looks around the room , but no one volunteers .
STANDARD ( CONT'D )
Then the sooner we get moving , the better .
EXTERIOR - PLANETOID - DAY LONG SHOT OF THE STONE PYRAMID , dust blowing in front of it .
It is a crumbling , ancient edifice , made of eroded grey stones , windowless , tapering toward the top .
Standard , Broussard , and Melkonis , wearing the protective suits , approach the pyramid .
As they draw near , it becomes clear that the pyramid is roughly 50 feet tall .
STANDARD
We can't make out any details or features yet ... but it 's definitely too regular for a natural formation ...
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - DAY Roby and Hunter are present .
They are listening to Standard 's VOICE ON THE RADIO .
STANDARD ( CONT'D ) ( over , filtered ) ...
There 's one thing I can say for sure though ...
BUZZZZZ !
Standard 's voice is DROWNED OUT BY STATIC .
ROBY
Now what 's wrong ?
HUNTER
I 've completely lost their signal .
ROBY
Can you get them back ?
HUNTER I 'm trying .
EXTERIOR - BASE OF PYRAMID - DAY
The three men come to the base of the massive structure .
Dust and sand have piled thickly around the crumbling , grey stones that form the base .
MELKONIS
This looks ancient .
STANDARD
Can't tell -- these weather conditions could erode anything , fast .
They walk around the base .
BROUSSARD
There 's no entrance .
MELKONIS
Maybe the entrance is buried .
Could be under our feet .
STANDARD
Maybe there is no entrance ; the thing may be solid .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - DAY ROBY
Well , there ought to be some way we can get through to them -- The INTERCOM BEEPS .
Faust 's voice is heard .
FAUST ( over , filtered )
Sorry to interrupt , but I 'm gonna charge up the engines for a minute , okay ?
ROBY
Yeah , okay .
Go ahead .
A LOUD , POWERFUL THROBBING BEGINS , drowning out all other sounds , as the engines are tested .
A light on Roby 's panel is FLASHING .
We can see that it is the COMPUTER ALERT .
Irritably , Roby throws the switch .
ROBY ( CONT'D ) Yes !
COMPUTER
I have a temporary sequence on the monitor -- ROBY
Hold it , I can't hear a damn thing !
He puts an earphone to his ear and switches the computer 's voice over .
ROBY ( CONT'D )
Go ahead !
There is a PAUSE while Roby listens to the computer .
His eyes widen .
ROBY ( CONT'D )
You mean ... you 've translated it ?
Another PAUSE as he listens to the earphone .
ROBY ( CONT'D )
Well come on , come on !
What does it say ?
Another PAUSE .
Roby 's face changes ; he looks CHILLED TO THE BONE .
His mouth works .
Abruptly , THE ENGINES SHUT OFF , LEAVING A RINGING SILENCE .
HUNTER ( looking over at Roby ) What ?
What was that ?
ROBY
The computer just translated the goddamn message .
It 's not an S.O.S .
It was a warning .
EXTERIOR - BASE OF PYRAMID - DAY BROUSSARD
Maybe we can get in by the top .
STANDARD
You want to try ?
BROUSSARD Sure .
Broussard takes out the graplon - gun , and fires the hook up toward the top of the pyramid .
It catches .
He clips himself to the wire .
BROUSSARD ( CONT'D )
You guys just wait down here till I say it 's okay to come up .
Broussard turns on the climbing device , and begins to walk up the side of the pyramid .
OMINOUS ANGLES showing Broussard climbing the pyramid , the dust blowing , the wind shrieking .
EXTERIOR - TOP OF PYRAMID - DAY
The peak of the pyramid is in extreme disrepair .
Broussard arrives at the top and clings to the jagged , crumbling stones .
BROUSSARD
There 's a hole at the top .
EXTERIOR - BASE OF PYRAMID - DAY STANDARD
Can we come up ?
BROUSSARD ( over , filtered )
No , it 's too small , only room enough for one person .
STANDARD
Can you see anything in the hole ?
EXTERIOR - TOP OF PYRAMID - DAY Broussard leans over and looks into the hole .
He sees only blackness .
Freeing one arm , he unclips his datastick from his belt , switches on the " flashlight " function , and shines it down into the hole .
BROUSSARD I can see ... partway down .
It just goes down like a stovepipe .
Smooth walls .
I can't see the bottom -- light wo n't reach .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - DAY
Faust comes trotting up the steps , a questioning look on his face .
FAUST Yes ?
What is it ?
ROBY Jay , we 've got a problem .
I was wondering if there was any way you could shortcut the repairs and give us immediate takeoff capability .
FAUST ( quickly )
Why , what 's wrong ?
ROBY
The computer 's translated the alien signal , and it 's kind of alarming .
FAUST
What do you mean ?
ROBY
It could n't translate the whole thing , only three phrases .
I 'll just read it to you the way I got it : ( reads from a strip of paper ) " ... HOSTILE ... SURVIVAL ... ADVISE DO NOT LAND ... " ( looks up at the others )
And that 's all it could translate .
EXTERIOR - TOP OF PYRAMID - DAY
Hanging from the lip of the hole , Broussard is unclipping gear from his belt .
STANDARD ( over , filtered )
Dell , you want to come down , we can figure out where to go from here .
BROUSSARD
No , I want to go in .
EXTERIOR - BASE OF PYRAMID - DAY Standard and Melkonis exchange a glance .
STANDARD
Okay , Dell , but just for a preliminary look - around .
Do n't unhook yourself from your cable .
And be out in less than ten minutes .
EXTERIOR - TOP OF PYRAMID - DAY BROUSSARD Right .
Broussard has rigged a tripod across the mouth of the hole .
He unspools a couple feet of wire from the device , and attaches the end of it to his chest unit .
He climbs over the lip and drops into the hole .
He is now hanging by the wire , with his head and shoulders out of the hole .
BROUSSARD ( CONT'D )
Okay , I 'm in the mouth of the chimney now , and I 'm starting down .
STANDARD ( over , filtered )
Take care .
Broussard activates the climbing unit and lowers himself down into the hole .
INTERIOR - PYRAMID - DAY
Bracing his feet against the rough stone wall of the vertical tunnel , Broussard switches on his datastick and points it down into the depths .
The beam penetrates only thirty feet or so , then is lost in darkness .
BROUSSARD
It 's noticeably warmer in here .
Warm air rising from below .
He starts down , paying out the line and moving down in short hops , pushing off each time with his feet .
He stops to catch his breath .
His breathing rasps loudly in his helmet .
A little sunlight filters down from above .
Looking up , he can see the mouth of the hole , a glowing spot of light .
Standard 's voice comes over his earphones .
STANDARD ( over , filtered )
Are you okay in there ?
BROUSSARD ( gasping for breath ) Yeah , I 'm okay .
Have n't hit bottom yet .
Definitely a column of warm air rising ; it keeps the shaft clear of dust .
STANDARD ( over , filtered )
What was that Dell , I lost you , do you read me ?
BROUSSARD
Yeah , but this is hard work .
Ca n't talk now .
He kicks off and continues down , taking longer and longer hops as he gains confidence .
Pausing for a moment to regain his breath , he shines the light on his instruments .
BROUSSARD ( CONT'D )
I 'm way below ground level .
EXTERIOR - BASE OF PYRAMID - DAY STANDARD
What 'd he say ?
MELKONIS
I could n't make it out -- too much interference .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - DAY Roby and Hunter .
HUNTER
I 'm getting nowhere .
The whole area around the pyramid is dead to transmission .
I think we should go after them .
ROBY No. HUNTER
What do you mean , no ?
ROBY
We 're not going anywhere .
HUNTER
But they do n't know about the translation !
They could be in danger right now .
ROBY
We can't spare the personnel .
We 've got minimum takeoff capability right now .
That 's why Chaz left us on board .
HUNTER
Why , you chickenshit bastard -- ROBY
Just can that crap !
I 'm in command here till Chaz returns !
And nobody 's leaving this ship !
INTERIOR - PYRAMID - DAY
Broussard resumes his downward climb .
SUDDENLY , HIS FEET LOSE THEIR PURCHASE AS THE WALLS OF THE SHAFT DISAPPEAR .
The tunnel has reached its end .
Below him is an unfathomable , cavernous space .
BROUSSARD ( huffing and puffing )
Tunnel 's gone -- cave or something below me -- feels like the tropics in here ; air is warm and humid ... ( consults his instruments ) ... high oxygen content , no dust , it 's completely breathable -- Puffing with exertion , he releases his purchase on the stone walls and begins to lower himself on power .
Now he is dangling free in darkness , spinning slowly on the wire as the chest unit unwinds .
Finally , his feet hit bottom .
He grunts in surprise and almost loses his balance .
INTERIOR - TOMB - DAY
Broussard is standing on a dusty stone floor , with a feeble column of sunlight shining down around him from the tunnel above .
Around is solid darkness .
He flashes his datastick around .
The beam reveals that he is in a stone room .
STRANGE HEIROGLYPHICS are carved into the walls .
They have a primitive , religious appearance .
Row after row of pictograms stretch from floor to ceiling , some epic history in an unknown language .
Huge religious symbols dominate one wall .
Spaced at intervals are stylized stone statues , depicting grotesque monsters , half anthropoid , half octopus .
BROUSSARD
It 's unbelievable !
It 's like some kind of tomb ... some primitive religion !
Hey , is anybody there ?
Do you read me ?
Standard !
Annoyed , Broussard yanks off his breathing goggles , and leaves them hanging around his neck .
He takes a deep breath of the wet air .
EXTERIOR - BASE OF PYRAMID - LATE AFTERNOON Standard and Melkonis are standing around nervously .
STANDARD
If we do n't hear from him soon , I think we better go in after him .
MELKONIS
Sun will be down in a minute .
INTERIOR - TOMB - LATE AFTERNOON
Face bare , Broussard approaches the center of the room , which is dominated by a large , broad pedestal .
On the pedestal are ROWS OF LEATHERY URNS OR JARS , EXACTLY LIKE THE ONE BROUSSARD STUMBLED ACROSS IN THE ALIEN SHIP -- EXCEPT THESE ARE ALL SEALED .
He walks around the urns , studying them .
They all have sealed lids .
He shines his light on one of them ; then he lays his gloved hand on it .
He lifts his mask radio to his lips .
BROUSSARD
I do n't know if you can hear me , but the place is full of large bottles or jars , just like the one we found on the other ship -- except these are all sealed .
Also they 're soft to the touch .
He peers more closely at the leathery object .
BROUSSARD ( CONT'D )
Another funny thing -- I just put my hand on it , and now there are these raised areas appearing where my fingertips were .
EXTERIOR - BASE OF PYRAMID - DAY THE SUN DROPS BELOW THE HORIZON , throwing the landscape into gloom .
Standard and Melkonis switch on their lights .
STANDARD
Let 's go .
He attaches his chest unit to the wire and starts up .
INTERIOR - TOMB - NIGHT
Broussard is moving his light along the rows of heiroglyphs on the wall .
They depict stylized drawings of strange monsters .
He pauses to quickly change the film clip in his datastick ; then he turns back to the " urn " he was examining -- BUT NOW THERE IS A HOLE IN THE TOP OF IT .
He shines his light on the floor at the base of the " urn . "
There lies the " lid " -- the stopper that had filled the hole .
He picks it up and studies it .
It appears more organic than artificial ; the inside surface is spongy and irregular .
Then he turns the light to the now - open " urn . "
He bends over the mouth of the " urn " shining the light in , AND WITH SHOCKING VIOLENCE , A SMALL , OCTOPUS - LIKE THING LEAPS OUT AND ATTACHES ITSELF TO HIS FACE , WRAPPING ITS TENTACLES AROUND HIS HEAD .
With a MUFFLED SCREAM , he launches himself backward , tearing at the thing with his hands .
EXTERIOR - TOP OF PYRAMID - NIGHT
The dust blows and howls as Standard and Melkonis arrive at the top , lights bobbing in the darkness .
STANDARD ( puffing with exertion )
Here 's his line .
We can haul him out of there if we have to .
MELKONIS
It 'll yank him right off his feet if he 's not expecting it .
The line could get tangled in something .
STANDARD
But what can we do ?
He 's out of radio contact .
MELKONIS
Maybe we should just wait a few more minutes .
Standard hesitates , clinging to the lip of the hole .
STANDARD ( making up his mind )
No , I told him to be out in ten minutes .
It 's been much longer .
Let 's get him out of there .
Standard pulls himself up and crouches precariously on the edge of the tunnel .
He begins to fiddle with the winch mechanism from which Broussard 's line dangles .
STANDARD ( CONT'D )
The line 's slack .
Christ , do you think the idiot unhooked himself ?
He switches on the winch motor .
With a whine , it begins to reel the line in .
After a moment , the line TIGHTENS WITH A JERK -- and the motor slows down , laboring under the added weight .
STANDARD ( CONT'D )
There , it caught !
MELKONIS
Is it still coming up , or is it hooked on something ?
STANDARD
No , it 's coming .
MELKONIS
Can you see anything ?
Standard shines his light down into the hole .
STANDARD
No , I can't see far enough .
The line 's moving , though .
For a moment , the two men hang to the narrow top of the pyramid , saving their strength , while the line reels in and the wind howls .
Then Standard shines his light back down in .
STANDARD ( CONT'D ) I can see him !
Here he comes !
The winch begins to LABOR HEAVILY .
STANDARD ( CONT'D )
Get ready to grab him !
Broussard appears at the top of the pit , dangling limply from the wire .
Standard reaches for him -- then RECOILS SHARPLY .
STANDARD ( CONT'D )
Look out !
There 's something on his face !
Melkonis attempts to come to his aid .
MELKONIS
What is it ?
STANDARD
Don't touch him , watch it !
In their panic and confusion , the men teeter momentarily , finally regain their balance .
They shine their lights on Broussard .
He appears to be completely unconscious -- AND THE OCTOPUS THING IS STILL WRAPPED AROUND HIS FACE , MOTIONLESS .
MELKONIS Oh God , oh God no .
STANDARD
Help me -- I 'm going to try to get it off .
With his gloved hands , Standard grasps the tentacled mess and tries to pull it from Broussard 's head .
STANDARD ( CONT'D )
It wo n't come -- it 's stuck .
MELKONIS
What is it ?
STANDARD
How the hell should I know ?
Come on , give me a hand , let 's get him out of there !
The two men grapple with Broussard 's limp body , lifting him from the hole .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - NIGHT Roby and Hunter are sitting moodily , silent .
There is a long moment while nothing is said , then : HUNTER I 've got 'em !
They 're back on my screens !
ROBY ( leaps to his feet )
How many ?
HUNTER
Three blips !
They 're coming this way !
Roby grabs a microphone .
ROBY ( into mike )
Hey , can you guys hear me ?
STANDARD ( over , filtered )
Yeah , we hear you !
We 're coming back !
ROBY Thank Christ !
We lost you !
Listen , there 's been a new development -- STANDARD ( over , filtered )
Can't talk now ; Broussard 's injured .
We 'll need some help getting him into the ship .
Roby collapses into a chair , suddenly limp with apprehension .
He 's feared something like this all along , and now it has begun to happen .
ROBY ( to himself )
Oh no .
HUNTER ( into intercom ) Jay , this is Cleave !
Meet me at the main air lock !
Hunter dashes from the room .
Roby remains where he is , seated at his console .
He is stunned , his mind racing .
CAMERA MOVES IN ON HIS FACE .
INTERIOR - CORRIDOR OUTSIDE AIR LOCK - NIGHT
Hunter comes racing down the steps and hurries up to the inner lock door .
He presses the wall intercom .
HUNTER ( into intercom ) Martin , I 'm by the inner lock door !
I 'll wait here for you to let them in !
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - NIGHT ROBY ( strangely quiet ) Right .
INTERIOR - CORRIDOR OUTSIDE AIR LOCK - NIGHT
Faust comes running up , covered with grime .
FAUST
What the hell 's going on ?
HUNTER
Don't know -- Broussard got hurt somehow .
FAUST Hurt !
How ?
HUNTER
Do n't know -- maybe we 'll be real lucky and he just broke his neck .
( a beat ) I knew we should n't of come down here .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - NIGHT
Roby is seated alone in the room , listening to the transmission from Standard and Melkonis .
STANDARD ( over , filtered ) Martin , are you there ?
Roby leans forward and speaks into the microphone .
ROBY
Here , Chaz .
STANDARD ( over , filtered )
We 're coming up now , open the outer lock door .
ROBY Chaz -- what happened to Broussard ?
STANDARD ( over , filtered )
It 's some kind of organism , it 's attached itself to him .
Let us in .
Roby does not reply .
STANDARD ( CONT'D ) ( over , filtered )
You hear me , Martin ?
Open the outer door .
ROBY Chaz , if it 's an organism , and we let it in , the ship will be infected .
STANDARD ( over , filtered )
We can't leave him out here , open the door .
ROBY ( urgently ) Chaz , listen to me -- we 've broken every rule of quarantine .
If we bring an organism on board , we wo n't have a single layer of defense left .
STANDARD ( over , filtered ) Martin , this is an order !
Open the door !
Hating it , Roby leans forward and throws the switch .
INTERIOR - CORRIDOR OUTSIDE AIR LOCK - NIGHT A RED LIGHT goes on , on a console on the wall .
The whine of a large servo is heard , followed by a solid metallic CLUNK .
HUNTER
Outer door 's open .
After a moment , they hear the motor sound again , followed by another CLUNK .
The outer door has closed again .
The red light goes off .
The inner door slides open , and Standard and Melkonis stagger through , carrying the sagging body of Broussard .
A cloud of choking dust follows them out of the lock .
STANDARD ( pulling off his mask )
You men stay clear , there 's a parasite on him .
Hunter and Faust RECOIL .
HUNTER Oh -- God -- oh -- FAUST
Is it alive ?
STANDARD
I do n't know but do n't touch it .
Give us a hand here , let 's get him up to the Autodoc .
Hunter and Faust move in carefully to help with the limp burden .
INTERIOR - INFIRMARY
One of them flicks on the lights as they come shuffling into the medical room , carrying Broussard .
Revealed is a rather small cubicle whose walls are lined with machinery .
The principle item of interest is a mechanized bunk bed , which rests in a cradle and slides in and out of a slot in the wall .
STANDARD
Help me , come on , let 's get him up here .
They slide the man onto the bunk .
HUNTER
That thing , God almighty , did n't you try to get it off him ?
STANDARD
It would n't come .
Standard yanks off his gloves .
STANDARD ( CONT'D ) Medical gloves .
They pull thin elastic gloves from a dispenser in the wall , and pull them on .
Gingerly , they approach Broussard .
Standard places his hands on the octopus - thing that is slowly pulsing on Broussard 's face .
He grasps the tentacles in his hands and tries to pull it free .
STANDARD ( CONT'D )
It 's really on there tight .
FAUST
Here , let me try .
Faust takes a pair of pliers from a rack , and carefully grasps the tip of one of the tentacles .
Squeezing tightly , he leans back with all his weight .
STANDARD ( grabbing Faust 's hands )
Stop it , you 're tearing his face .
A trickle of blood begins to ooze down Broussard 's cheek .
MELKONIS
It 's not coming off -- not without his whole face coming off too .
STANDARD
Let 's let the machine work on him .
Efficiently , they strip Broussard naked , then Standard presses a couple of switches on the wall .
The machine lights up , and Broussard is sucked into the slot in the wall .
He is visible inside .
The machine immediately sprays a cloud of disinfectant on him , then sterilizes him with a blinding pink light .
A bank of video monitors pops on , revealing X - ray images of different parts of his body .
Sensors begin to scan , relays chatter .
ROBY APPEARS IN THE DOORWAY .
Standard turns and looks at him .
For a long moment , the two men regard each other , then STANDARD STEPS FORWARD AND SLAPS ROBY ACROSS THE FACE .
The others are shocked .
HUNTER
Hey now , what is this ?
STANDARD
Ask him .
ROBY ( slowly puts his hand to his cheek ) I understand why you did that .
STANDARD Good .
MELKONIS
He would n't open the lock ; he was going to leave us out there .
HUNTER Yeah ... well , maybe he should have .
I mean , you brought the goddamn thing in here .
Maybe you deserve to get slapped .
FAUST ( embarrassed )
Excuse me , I 've got work to do .
Faust exits .
HUNTER
I keep my mouth pretty much shut , but I do n't like hitting .
ROBY ( to Standard ) I guess I had it coming .
Let 's call it settled .
After a hard stare at Roby , Standard gives him a curt nod and turns his attention to the machinery .
ROBY ( CONT'D ) ( slowly )
Would somebody fill me in ?
STANDARD
He went into the pyramid alone .
We lost radio contact with him .
When we pulled him out , it was on his face .
It wo n't come off , not without injuring him .
HUNTER
Where did it come from ?
MELKONIS
He 's the only one that knows that .
HUNTER
How does he breathe ?
They study the monitors .
MELKONIS
Blood 's thoroughly oxygenated .
HUNTER
Yeah , but how ?
His nose and mouth are blocked .
STANDARD
Let 's look inside his head .
Standard punches some buttons , and on the monitors , a kind of X - ray image in vivid colors appears , depicting Broussard 's HEAD AND UPPER TORSO .
The parasite is clearly visible on Broussard 's face .
In X-ray , the creature is a maze of complicated biology .
But the shocking thing is that , in X - ray , we can see that Broussard 's jaws are forced wide open , and THE PARASITE HAS EXTRUDED SOME KIND OF LONG TUBE , WHICH IS STUFFED INTO HIS MOUTH AND DOWN HIS THROAT , ending near his stomach .
ROBY
Look at that .
HUNTER
What is it -- I can't tell anything -- ROBY
It 's some kind of organ -- it 's inserted some kind of tube or something down his throat .
HUNTER ( turning sick ) Oh ... God ... Hunter bends over and RETCHES .
ROBY
I think that 's how it 's getting oxygen to him .
HUNTER
It does n't make any sense .
It paralyzes him ... puts him into a coma ... then keeps him alive .
MELKONIS
We can't expect to understand a life form like this .
We 're out of our back yard .
Things are different here .
HUNTER
Well , ca n't we kill it ?
I mean , we can't leave the damn thing on him .
MELKONIS
We do n't know what might happen if we tried to kill it .
At least right now it 's keeping him alive .
HUNTER
How about cutting it off ?
We can't pull it loose , but we can cut off everything but the bottom layer , where it 's stuck to his face .
STANDARD
You 're right ... we can't stand here and do nothing .
Standard picks up his dusty breathing mask and pulls it over his head .
Then he pulls back on his bulky gloves .
Finally , he presses a switch and Broussard slides back out of the booth .
STANDARD ( CONT'D ) ( muffled in his mask )
Somebody give me a scalpel .
Melkonis takes a glittering surgical blade from a slot in the wall , and carefully passes it to Standard .
Clumsily because of the gloves , Standard manipulates the knife in his hand till he has a decent grip on it .
Then he flicks a little button with his thumb .
The scalpel begins to hum .
Standard advances on the parasite .
The others draw back nervously .
Roby reaches over and draws yet a longer blade from the rack , and holds it inconspicuously at his side .
Standard bends over the parasite .
Carefully , he touches the scalpel to the extreme end of one of the tentacles , where it curves toward the back of Broussard 's head .
Effortlessly , the electronic blade slides through the alien tissue .
Immediately , a urine - like fluid begins to flow from the wound .
STANDARD ( CONT'D ) ( muffled ) I 've made an incision ... it 's not reacting ... but some kind of yellowish fluid is leaking out of the wound ...
The noxious - looking liquid drips down onto the bedding next to Broussard 's head .
Instantly , it starts to hiss , and a thin stream of smoke curls up from the stain .
STANDARD ( CONT'D ) ( muffled )
Hold it , this stuff 's smoking !
The others REACT nervously .
By now , the yellow fluid has eaten a hole through the bunk bed and has dripped down onto the floor below .
The metal floor begins to bubble and sizzle , and more smoke rises .
The men start to COUGH .
MELKONIS
God , that smoke 's poisonous !
HUNTER ( pointing )
It 's eating a hole in the floor !
Abruptly , the men jostle their way out of the room and huddle in the corridor outside , coughing their lungs out .
Standard , who is masked , remains .
Frantically , he attempts to put a bandage on the wound , but the fluid instantly melts the bandage , and in the process , some of the stuff gets on Standard 's gloves .
They begin to smoke .
Frantically Standard leaps back , pulling off the smouldering gloves .
Then he runs out into the corridor and yanks off his mask .
INTERIOR - CORRIDOR OUTSIDE INFIRMARY STANDARD
That stuff 's eating right through the metal !
It 's going to eat through the decks and right out through the hull !
By this time Standard has started to run for the stairs .
INTERIOR - CORRIDORS IN SHIP Followed by the others , Standard frantically clangs down the stairs to the level below .
STANDARD
There !
Look !
A droplet of the fluid is sizzling on the ceiling .
It oozes down and drips to the floor .
It bubbles on the floor .
MELKONIS Jesus , what can we put under it ?
Standard and Hunter charge down the stairs to the level below .
INTERIOR - LEVEL BELOW Standard and Hunter move cautiously down the corridor , looking up at the ceiling .
STANDARD ( pointing )
There .
Should be coming through about there .
HUNTER Careful , do n't get under it !
INTERIOR - LEVEL ABOVE
Roby and Melkonis crouch by the spot on the floor where the acid sizzles .
MELKONIS Christ , that stinks .
Roby fishes a pen out of his pocket and probes into the hole in the floor .
ROBY Seems to have stopped penetrating .
Hunter comes charging up the steps .
HUNTER
What 's happening up here ?
ROBY
I think it 's fizzled out .
Hunter approaches and looks .
Roby straightens up , starts to put the pen back in his pocket , then changes his mind and stands holding it by the end .
MELKONIS
I never saw anything like that in my life ... except molecular acid .
HUNTER
But this thing uses it for blood .
MELKONIS
Hell of a defense mechanism .
You do n't dare kill it .
Standard comes up the stairs .
STANDARD
It 's stopped ?
MELKONIS
Yes , thank heaven .
STANDARD
We 're just plain lucky .
That could have gone right through the hull -- taken weeks to patch it .
MELKONIS
Reminded me of when I was a kid and the roof leaked -- everybody running for the pots and pans .
ROBY My God , what about Broussard ?
They turn and run up the stairs .
INTERIOR - INFIRMARY
They all come into the room ( Roby carrying the partially melted pen ) .
Broussard is still motionless on the bunk , with the thing on his face .
ROBY
Did it get on him ?
Standard approaches and peers at Broussard 's head .
STANDARD
No , thank God ... just missed him .
MELKONIS
Is it still dripping ?
STANDARD ( examining it )
It appears to have healed itself .
HUNTER
It makes me sick to see him like that .
MELKONIS
Is n't there some way we can get it off him ?
STANDARD I do n't see how .
But let 's do what we can for him .
Standard presses a button , and Broussard slides back into the diagnostic coffin .
He presses more buttons , and the displays light up again , showing different parts of Broussard 's body .
STANDARD ( CONT'D )
I think we 'd better get some intravenous feeding started .
God knows what that thing is leaching out of him .
Standard operates some controls , and the machine begins to invade Broussard 's body , sliding needles into him .
ROBY ( studying the screens )
Look there , what 's that stain on his lungs ?
The X - ray reveals a spreading dark blot in the vicinity of Broussard 's chest .
In the center , the stain is completely opaque .
MELKONIS
It appears to be a heavy fluid of some sort ... it blocks the X - rays ...
ROBY
That tube must be depositing it in him .
MELKONIS
Could be some kind of venom , or poison ...
HUNTER
This is horrible .
ROBY
Hey !
what about the film ?
STANDARD
What film ?
ROBY Broussard had film in his datastick , did n't he ?
We can see what happened to him .
INTERIOR - MULTI - PURPOSE ROOM
Again we are watching slides in the darkened room .
This time Standard , Roby , Melkonis , and Hunter are watching the sequence of photographs taken automatically by Broussard 's datastick as he probed the tomb .
The camera reveals the " urns . "
The climax of the sequence of stills comes when THE CREATURE LEAPS OUT OF THE " URN " TOWARD THE CAMERA -- and after that the camera drops to a useless angle and proceeds to show a series of meaningless blurs .
Then the reel ends .
HUNTER
That must have been when he got it .
ROBY
The same thing must 've happened to the creatures on the other ship ... except they took one of those jars on board , and opened it there .
MELKONIS ( clicks back through the slides to a picture of one of the " urns " )
At first I thought they were jars too , or artifacts anyway .
But they 're not .
They 're eggs , or spore casings .
Let 's go back to the heiroglyphics .
CLICKETYCLICKETYCLICK
-- Melkonis accelerates through the slides in a blur , stopping at the one he wants -- which shows a strip of heiroglyphs on the wall of the tomb .
STANDARD
I personally can't make any sense out of it ...
CLICK .
CLICK .
Melkonis is changing the slides as they talk , showing different angles on the glyphs .
MELKONIS
It 's a crude symbolic language -- looks primitive .
HUNTER
You can't tell -- that kind of stuff could represent printed circuits ...
STANDARD
That sounds a little fanciful ...
MELKONIS
Primitive pictorial languages are based on common objects in the environment , and this can be used as a starting point for translation ...
ROBY
What common objects ?
HUNTER Listen , had n't somebody better check on Broussard ?
STANDARD ( rising ) I 'll do it .
The rest of you continue .
HUNTER ( rising ) I 'll come with you .
INTERIOR - CORRIDOR OUTSIDE INFIRMARY Standard and Hunter come down the passageway .
STANDARD
You know , it 's fantastic -- the human race has gone this long without ever encountering another advanced life form , and now we run into a veritable zoo .
HUNTER
What do you mean ?
STANDARD
Well , those things out there are n't the same , you know -- the spaceship and the pyramid .
They 're from different cultures and different races .
That ship just landed here -- crashed like we did .
The pyramid and the thing from it are indigenous .
HUNTER
How could anything be indigenous to this asteroid ?
It 's dead .
STANDARD
Maybe it was n't always dead .
They arrive at the infirmary .
INTERIOR - INFIRMARY
The door slides open , and they step into the room .
Hunter activates the bed , and it slides out of the wall .
THERE IS A LONG , HORRIFIED PAUSE .
HUNTER
It 's gone .
They rush to Broussard 's prone form .
THE PARASITE IS GONE FROM HIS FACE .
Broussard is still unconscious , but he is breathing .
HIS FACE IS COVERED WITH SUCKER MARKS .
HUNTER
Now we 're in for it .
STANDARD
The door was closed .
It must still be in here .
They immediately grow very tense .
Hunter starts edging toward the door .
Standard grabs his arm .
STANDARD ( CONT'D )
No , do n't open the door .
We do n't want it escaping .
HUNTER ( very nervous )
Well , what the hell good can we do in here ?
We can't grab it -- it might jump on us -- STANDARD
Maybe we can catch it .
Standard picks up a stainless steel tray with a lid .
STANDARD ( CONT'D )
As long as we 're careful not to damage it ...
Tray in one hand , lid in the other , Standard begins moving slowly around the room .
There are very few places to hide .
He bends down and peers under the bunk .
As he is down on his hands and knees , WE SEE ONE TENTACLE OF THE THING , VIBRATING ON A LEDGE JUST ABOVE STANDARD .
He rises , and HIS SHOULDER BRUSHES THE TENTACLE .
THE PARASITE DROPS TO THE FLOOR .
STANDARD ( leaping back )
Shit !
But the thing is not moving .
It lies motionless on the floor , its tentacles curled up .
Its color has faded to a dead - looking grey .
Without taking his eyes off the thing , Standard reaches behind him and takes a long probe from the wall .
He prods the thing ; it does not respond .
STANDARD ( CONT'D )
I think it 's dead .
With great care , he uses the probe to fish the motionless parasite into the tray .
Then he quickly closes the lid .
INTERIOR - LABORATORY
Standard , Roby , and Melkonis have the parasite spread - eagled on a stainless steel table , with a bright light on it .
It is belly - side up .
Wearing gloves , Standard probes at the thing with an instrument .
STANDARD
Look at these suckers -- no wonder we could n't get it off him .
ROBY
Is that its mouth ?
MELKONIS
More likely that organ -- the tube - like thing -- fits up in there .
With a pair of needle - nosed pliers , Standard fishes in the fleshy aperture .
Carefully , he extracts the end of the tube - organ .
ROBY Ugh .
Suddenly , it starts to FALL APART IN THE PLIERS .
STANDARD Quick -- it 's decomposing -- gimme something to grab it with !
It begins to SMOKE AND BUBBLE .
Roby grabs a long pair of tongs from the wall and thrusts them at Standard -- who throws down the pliers , snatches the tongs and seizes the thing in the tongs .
It is smouldering and dripping acid on the floor .
STANDARD ( CONT'D ) Christ !
Let 's get it out of here !
Carrying the thing , he heads for the door .
INTERIOR - CORRIDORS IN SHIP
The men run down the passageways , Standard carrying the dripping thing in the tongs .
It leaves little smoking droplets on the floor .
INTERIOR - CORRIDOR OUTSIDE AIR LOCK
They come running up to the airlock .
Roby stabs the button and the inner door slides open .
By the time Standard is in the lock , Roby is already on the intercom : ROBY ( shouts into intercom ) For Chrissake , open the main lock !
INTERIOR - AIR LOCK - DAY
Roby stumbles in as the inner door closes ; and with a heavy whine , the thick surface door rumbles open .
Orange sunlight billows in , followed by the inevitable dust .
Standard HURLS THE CARCASS OUT , tongs and all .
EXTERIOR - BASE OF SHIP - DAY
The parasite hits the ground and begins to sink into the dust , smouldering and fuming .
INTERIOR - AIR LOCK - DAY
The outer door rolls shut .
ROBY ( slumping against the wall ) My God , it 's lethal even when it 's dead !
Melkonis gets down on his knees and studies the small burn - holes in the floor .
Standard opens the inner door and steps out into the corridor .
There , he activates the wall intercom and punches out a combination .
INTERIOR - CORRIDOR OUTSIDE AIR LOCK HUNTER ( over intercom , filtered ) Yes ?
STANDARD How's Broussard ?
HUNTER ( over , filtered )
He 's running a fever .
STANDARD Still unconscious ?
HUNTER ( over , filtered ) Yes .
STANDARD
Can you do anything for him ?
HUNTER ( over , filtered )
The machine will bring his temperature down .
His vital functions are strong .
STANDARD Good .
He switches off the intercom .
STANDARD ( CONT'D ) ( suddenly exhausted ) I need some coffee .
He turns and walks away .
INTERIOR - MULTI - PURPOSE ROOM
The cat is strolling around as Roby and Melkonis drop into seats ; Standard draws a cup of coffee from the machine .
MELKONIS
These day and night cycles are totally disorienting .
I feel like we 've been here for days , but it 's only been how long ?
ROBY ( stroking the cat ) About four hours .
STANDARD ( staring into his coffee cup ) I 'm sorry to say it looks like you were right in the first place , Martin .
We never should have landed here .
ROBY
Look , I 'm not trying to rub anybody 's nose in anything .
The important thing is just to get away from here as fast as possible .
STANDARD
I can't lean on Faust any harder -- he 's been working non-stop on the engines .
ROBY
If we knew exactly what happened to the beings on the other ship -- MELKONIS
We do know that .
ROBY Yeah ?
MELKONIS
They never made it off the planet .
The parasites won .
This brings a CHILLY SILENCE .
ROBY
Where did the parasites come from ?
STANDARD
They seem native to the planet .
It 's got an atmosphere and a dense gravity .
It 's dead now , but once it must have been fertile .
MELKONIS No .
It 's just too small to support fauna as big as the parasites .
If there were a native ecology , it would have to be microscopic .
ROBY
Could n't the pyramid have been built here by space travellers ?
STANDARD
Too primitive .
It 's a pre- technological construction .
That slab was engineered by an Iron - Age culture at best .
MELKONIS
They 're from a dead civilization ; they 're spores from a tomb .
God knows how long they 've been here .
ROBY
I think we better take another look at those heiroglyphs .
Suddenly the door opens and Faust sticks his head in .
He is covered with dirt and grime .
FAUST
Hey , guess what ?
STANDARD
What ?
FAUST
The engines are fixed .
EXTERIOR - PLANETOID - DAY
The SNARK 's engines cough and then with a ROAR BEGIN TO BELCH OUT STREAMS OF SUPERHEATED AIR , cutting through the tulgy dust .
The ship roars and vibrates like a huge beast , capable of unlimited power .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - DAY
They are all at their posts .
STANDARD Switch on tractor beams .
There is a hair - tingling ELECTRICAL HUM which permeates the whole ship , and it begins to float , like a cork in water .
STANDARD ( CONT'D )
Lock tractor beams .
The pitch of the hum changes , and the ship levels itself .
STANDARD ( CONT'D ) Retract landing struts .
EXTERIOR - SHIP - DAY
The ship is hovering above the ground on beams of shimmering force .
The landing struts fold up under the belly of the ship .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - DAY STANDARD
Take us up .
ROBY ( into intercom )
Up one kilometer , Jay .
EXTERIOR - PLANETOID - DAY
The SNARK begins to levitate up into the sky , on the beams of light .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - DAY STANDARD
Switch on lifter quads .
A POWERFUL , DEEP THROBBING BEGINS .
THE SHIP VIBRATES .
EXTERIOR - " SNARK " - DAY
The hovering SNARK begins to accelerate through the choking atmosphere .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - DAY STANDARD
Engage artificial gravity .
Roby throws a switch , and the ship LURCHES .
ROBY Engaged .
STANDARD
Let 's take her into an escape orbit .
The men get busy with switches .
ROBY
I 'm altering our vector now ; should give us an easy escape velocity -- A HUGE TREMOR RUNS THROUGHOUT THE SHIP .
ROBY & MELKONIS ( in concert )
What was that ?
In answer , THE COMMUNICATOR BEEPS .
FAUST ( over , filtered )
This dust is getting clogged in the intakes again !
STANDARD
Just hold us together till we 're in space , that 's all !
The pitch of the engines changes , deepens .
EXTERIOR - SKY - DAY
The SNARK swoops up at an acute angle into the boiling clouds .
Visibility is zero .
INTERIOR - ENGINE ROOM
Faust is pulling on a gasmask , because the engine chamber is beginning to fill with dust .
He turns on a huge exhaust unit which begins to suck up some of the dust .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - DAY
On the screens , nothing but clouds .
Then , ANOTHER TREMOR SHUDDERS THROUGH THE SHIP .
The men no longer speak ; their expressions are grim , set , and sweating ; they are watching their instruments .
Periodically they mutter technical instructions to each other .
EXTERIOR - SHIP - DAY
Abruptly the ship CLEARS THE TOP OF THE CLOUD LAYER AND BURSTS OUT INTO STAR - SPRINKLED SPACE , trailing a wake of dust behind it .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - OUTER SPACE
They all CHEER .
ROBY ( pounds his panel )
We made it !
Damn , we made it !
STANDARD
You bet we made it .
Martin , set course for Irth and accelerate us into stardrive .
ROBY
With great pleasure .
Roby begins to punch buttons .
MELKONIS
I feel like an escapee from Hell .
DISSOLVE TO : EXTERIOR - SHIP AT LIGHT SPEED - LATER
The ship 's speed is so great that there is perceptible movement in the universe all around .
There is a strange corona effect which causes the stars approaching the ship to appear blue , and the receding ones to be red .
This is redshift , made visible because of their incredible velocity .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE - OUTER SPACE
They are unstrapping .
ROBY
That 's the part that always makes me feel like I 'm gonna puke -- when we accelerate into light speed .
STANDARD
Quit complaining ; we 're in space .
They rise and head out of the room .
INTERIOR - CORRIDOR
As they walk along .
STANDARD
I think the best thing to do with Broussard is to just freeze him as he is .
It 'll arrest the progress of his disease , and he can get complete medical attention when we get back to the Colonies .
ROBY
We 'll have to go into quarantine , maybe for quite a while .
STANDARD
That 's okay , he can remain in hypersleep until they 're ready to treat him .
They enter the infirmary .
INTERIOR - INFIRMARY
As they enter the room , THEY ARE SHOCKED TO SEE BROUSSARD SITTING UP in BED -- AWAKE .
BROUSSARD ( hoarsely ) ...
Mouth 's so dry ... can I have some water ...
Instantly , Roby brings him a plastic cup of water .
Broussard gulps it down in a swallow .
BROUSSARD ( CONT'D ) More .
Roby quickly fills a much bigger container and hands it to Broussard , who greedily consumes the entire thing .
Then he sags , panting , on the bunk .
STANDARD ( softly )
How do you feel , Dell ?
BROUSSARD ( weakly )
Wretched .
What happened to me ?
STANDARD
Do n't you remember ?
BROUSSARD
Don't remember nothing .
Ca n't hardly remember my name .
ROBY
Are you in pain ?
BROUSSARD
Not exactly , just feel like somebody 's been beating me with rubber hoses for about six years .
Melkonis laughs at this remark .
Broussard smiles faintly at him .
STANDARD
Hell , you 're in great shape , you 've got your sense of humor back !
BROUSSARD
God I 'm hungry .
ROBY
Dell , what 's the last thing you can remember ?
BROUSSARD ... I do n't know ...
ROBY
Do you remember the pyramid ?
BROUSSARD No .
Just some horrible dreams about smothering .
Where are we ?
STANDARD
We 're going home .
We 're in hyperspace .
MELKONIS
We 're going into the freezers now .
BROUSSARD
I 'm really starving ; can we get some food before we go into the freezers ?
STANDARD ( laughs )
I think that 's a pretty reasonable request .
INTERIOR - MULTI -PURPOSE ROOM
The entire crew is seated around the table , eating huge portions greedily .
The cat eats from a dish on the table .
HUNTER
Boy do I feel a lot better .
It 's a straight shot back to the Colonies , and then we can start taking bids on the paydirt .
Any bets on the top bid ?
FAUST ( chewing )
Well , we should at least be able to each buy our own planet .
They all CHUCKLE .
MELKONIS
I 'm going to write a book about this expedition .
I 'm going to call it " The Snark Log . " STANDARD ( stiffly )
The commander normally has first publication rights .
MELKONIS
Maybe we could write it together .
ROBY
First thing I 'm going to do when we get back is eat some biological food .
MELKONIS
What 's the matter , you do n't like this stuff ?
ROBY
Tastes like something you 'd feed a chicken to make it lay more eggs .
STANDARD
Oh it 's okay .
I 've had better cag than this , but I 've had worse too , if you know what I mean .
FAUST I kind of like it .
ROBY
You like this shit ?
FAUST
It grows on you .
ROBY
You know what they make this stuff out of ?
FAUST ( annoyed )
Yes , I know what they make it out of , so what ?
It 's food now .
You 're eating it .
ROBY
I did n't say it was bad for you , it 's just kind of sickening , that 's all .
HUNTER
Do we have to talk about this kind of crap at the dinner table ?
Suddenly , unexpectedly , BROUSSARD GRIMACES AND GROANS .
STANDARD
What 's wrong ?
BROUSSARD ( his voice straining ) I do n't know ...
I 'm getting these CRAMPS !
The others stare at him in alarm .
Another GROAN is torn from his lips .
He clutches the edge of the table with his hands , his knuckles whitening .
STANDARD Breathe deeply .
BROUSSARD ( screaming ) OH GOD IT HURTS SO BAD !
ROBY
What Dell -- what ?
Broussard 's face is screwed up into a mask of agony , and he is trembling violently from head to foot .
BROUSSARD ( incoherent shriek ) OhmygooaaAA AHHHHH !!!
A RED SMEAR OF BLOOD BLOSSOMS ON THE CHEST OF BROUSSARD'S TUNIC .
THEIR EYES ARE ALL RIVETTED TO BROUSSARD'S CHEST AS THE FABRIC OF HIS TUNIC IS RIPPED OPEN , AND A HORRIBLE NASTY LITTLE HEAD THE SIZE OF A MAN'S FIST PUSHES OUT .
Everybody SCREAMS and leaps back from the table .
The cat spits and bolts .
The disgusting little head lunges , comes spurting out of Broussard 's chest trailing a thick , wormlike tail -- splattering fluids and blood -- lands in the middle of the dishes and food on the table -- and scurries away while the men are stampeding for safe ground .
When they finally regain control of themselves , it has escaped .
Broussard lies slumped in his chair , a huge hole in his chest , spouting blood .
The dishes are scattered and the food is covered with blood and slime .
HUNTER
Oh , no .
Oh , no .
FAUST
What was that ?
What the Christ was that ?
MELKONIS
It was growing in him the whole time and he did n't even know it !
Slowly , they gather around Broussard 's gutted corpse .
ROBY
That thing used him for an incubator !
EXTERIOR - SHIP - OUTER SPACE
A hatch slides open on the side of the ship , and Broussard 's wrapped body tumbles silently out .
AN ELECTRONIC BASS DRUM BEATS A DIRGE as Broussard drifts into eternity .
INTERIOR - CORRIDORS
The entire remaining crew is walking toward the bridge .
MELKONIS
We can't go into hypersleep with that thing running around loose .
HUNTER
We'd be sitting ducks in the freezers .
ROBY
But we can't kill it .
If we kill it , it will spill all its body acids right through our hull and out into space .
FAUST Shit ...
STANDARD
We 'll have to catch it and eject it from the ship .
MELKONIS ( sighs )
Well , I kind of hate to point it out , but all our supplies are based on us spending a strictly limited amount of time out of suspended animation ... and as you know , we used up most of that time in harvesting .
STANDARD
We 've got about a week left , right ?
HUNTER
And then we run out of food and oxygen .
FAUST
The water will still recycle .
ROBY
We wo n't need it then .
STANDARD
All right , so that 's what we 've got .
A week .
It 's plenty of time .
ROBY
But if we have n't caught it in a week , then we have to go into the freezers anyway .
They enter the bridge .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE STANDARD
So does anybody have any suggestions ?
FAUST
We could put on our pressure suits and blow all the air out of the ship .
That would kill it .
STANDARD
No , we can't afford to lose that much oxygen .
We 're going to have to flush it out .
MELKONIS How ?
STANDARD
Room by room , corridor by corridor .
No one likes this thought .
MELKONIS
And what do we do when we find it ?
STANDARD
We 'll have to trap it somehow .
If we had a really strong piece of net , we could bag it .
FAUST
We could cut a section out of that metallite netting .
It wo n't hold up to that acid , but aside from that it 's pretty strong .
ROBY
We have to avoid injuring it .
What we really need is some electric animal prods .
HUNTER
I think I could cobble something together .
A long metal rod with a battery in it .
Give it a hell of a shock .
STANDARD Good .
Get on it .
But first , I 'm issuing a standing order : from this moment forth , every one of us will wear protective garments , including helmets .
Let 's get down to the locker and change .
They start for the exit .
EXTERIOR - OUTER SPACE
The SNARK continues on its way through the weird vortex of hyperspace .
INTERIOR - CORRIDORS IN SHIP Standard is walking purposefully along the corridor , alone .
He is garmented in an unusual outfit which makes him look like a riot policeman , including clear plastic helmet .
He reaches a corner and turns .
But this new passageway has a different gravity orientation -- Standard seems to be walking down a vertical wall .
He makes yet another disorienting turn , and now he is walking upside - down .
He reaches a set of steps and climbs up them -- or rather , down them .
INTERIOR - VENTRAL OBSERVATION DOME - VIEW OF OUTER SPACE Melkonis is seated in the dome , upside - down , peering down into space .
He also wears the protective suit .
Standard , upside - down , climbs into the dome .
It is dark and eerie here , under the stars of interstellar space .
A few glowing panels provide the only illumination .
STANDARD
I thought I 'd find you here .
MELKONIS
I was thinking of a line from an old poem : " Water , water everywhere , but not a drop to drink . "
All that space out there , and we 're trapped in this ship .
STANDARD
That 's the one about the albatross , right ?
MELKONIS
We can't even radio for help ; the carrier wave would n't reach its destination till long after we 'd died and turned to dust .
We are utterly , absolutely alone .
Can anybody really visualize such a scale of distances ?
Halfway across Creation ...
STANDARD
We came out there , we 'll go back .
A long time by the clock , but a short time to us .
MELKONIS
Time and space have no meaning out here .
We 're living in Einsteinian equation .
STANDARD
I can see you 're putting your spare time to good use .
( leans forward and taps him on the knee )
Let me tell you something : you keep staring at hyperspace for long enough , they 'll be peeling you off a wall .
I 've seen it happen .
MELKONIS ( smiles at him )
We 're the new pioneers , Chaz .
We even have our own special diseases .
STANDARD
Come on -- let 's go above and see how they 're coming with the gear .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE
The whole crew has assembled .
Faust is unfolding several yards of shimmering metallic netting .
Hunter hands out five thin rods , like metal broom handles .
HUNTER
These have portable generators in them .
They 're insulated down to here -- just be careful not to touch the end .
He demonstrates by touching the tip of one of the rods to a metal object .
A blue spark leaps .
FAUST
Might even incinerate the damn thing .
STANDARD ( sharply ) I hope not .
HUNTER
Don't worry , it wo n't damage it , it 'll just give it a little incentive .
STANDARD
How do we locate the creature ?
FAUST
With these .
He picks up a small portable unit .
FAUST ( CONT'D )
Tracking device .
You set it to search for a moving object ...
It has n't got much range , but when you get within a certain distance , it starts beeping .
Standard takes the device and studies it .
STANDARD
These will be very useful .
At least we wo n't have to go digging around in closets with our bare hands .
All right , here 's the battle plan : we 're going to break into two teams and start systematically covering the ship .
Whoever finds it first , catches it in the net and ejects it from the nearest airlock .
Clear ?
ROBY
Even simple .
Standard shoots him a vicious look , then continues : STANDARD
For starters , let 's make sure the bridge is safe .
Faust takes the device and turns it on .
He scans it around the room .
FAUST
It 's clear .
STANDARD
All right -- Roby and Melkonis will go with Faust .
Hunter and I will make up the second team .
They start doling out the equipment .
STANDARD ( CONT'D )
We 'll all carry communicators .
We want to keep in constant touch .
INTERIOR - CORRIDORS IN SHIP Melkonis and Roby carry the net , while Faust walks directly behind it , carrying the tracking device .
He continually scans it from side to side .
FAUST
Nothing yet ... nothing ... we can move pretty fast as long as there 's nothing on the tracker .
INTERIOR - OTHER CORRIDORS
Standard and Hunter move silently along .
Standard is forced to serve a double function , carrying one edge of the net and the tracker as well .
INTERIOR - CORRIDORS
Roby 's team is moving at a fairly brisk pace , when : FAUST Hold it .
Faust 's tracker is BEEPING , and a small light flashes .
FAUST ( CONT'D ) I 've got something .
Immediately , they grow very tense and start looking around .
ROBY
Where 's it coming from ?
FAUST ( peers closely at tracker and frowns )
Machine 's screwed up , I can't tell .
Needle 's spinning all over the dial .
MELKONIS
Is it malfunctioning ?
Faust turns the tracker on its side , and the needle stabilizes .
FAUST
No , just confused .
It 's coming from below us .
They all look down at their feet .
INTERIOR - MAINTENANCE LEVEL
Roby , Melkonis , and Faust come carefully down a set of crude metal stairs , into a drab , functional section of the ship .
The corridors in this level are lit by rows of bare bulbs in the ceiling .
The effect is ugly and confining .
They stop at the foot of the stairs and move into position , spreading the net across the corridor .
ROBY
Okay .
FAUST ( looking at tracker and nodding down the passageway ) That way .
They begin to walk down the passageway , footsteps clanging on the raw metal flooring .
It is extremely dark .
ROBY
What happened to the lights ?
FAUST
Bulbs burned out , nobody bothered to replace 'em .
They switch on the helmet lights .
CAMERA FOLLOWS THEM AROUND A COUPLE OF TURNINGS , AND THEN : FAUST ( CONT'D )
Hold it .
They all stop quickly , almost stumbling .
FAUST ( CONT'D ) ( whispering )
It 's within 4 meters .
Roby and Melkonis heft the net , each keeping his prod in hand .
Faust , prod in one hand and tracker in the other , has the unpleasant job of approaching the source of the signal .
He moves with great care , in a half crouch , ready to leap back at any second , prod extended , constantly glancing at the tracker .
The tracking device leads him right up to a small hatch or door in one wall .
Behind his plastic mask , sweat is pouring down Faust 's face as he sets down the tracker and reaches for the little door .
He raises the prod , grasps the door handle , yanks it open , and jams the electric prod inside .
WITH A NERVE - SHATTERING SQUALL , A SMALL CREATURE COMES FLYING OUT OF THE CABINET , EYES GLARING , CLAWS FLASHING .
Instinctively , they throw the net over it , but : ROBY ( very annoyed )
Oh , hold it !
They open the net and release the creature .
IT IS THE CAT .
Hissing and spitting , it scampers away .
MELKONIS
We 're making fools of ourselves !
Roby's COMMUNICATOR BEEPS .
ROBY ( into communicator ) Yes !
STANDARD ( over , filtered )
We 've got it up here !
It 's trapped !
Get up here fast !
ROBY
Where are you ?
STANDARD ( over , filtered )
Food - storage room !
ROBY
We 're coming !
They dash for the stairs .
INTERIOR - CORRIDORS IN SHIP Roby , Faust , and Melkonis charge down the hallways until they arrive at : INTERIOR - CORRIDOR OUTSIDE FOOD STORAGE ROOM Standard and Hunter are waiting for them , in hysterics .
HUNTER
We saw it inside and slammed the door on it !
It 's in there now !
On the other side of the door , CRASHING AND BANGING can be heard .
ROBY
What 's it doing , having a seizure ?
STANDARD
It started crashing around right after we locked it in .
ROBY
Now what ?
STANDARD
I guess we open the door and net it .
HUNTER I hate to open that door .
Again the thing can be heard CRASHING AROUND INSIDE .
STANDARD
It looks completely different from the first one -- it 's more like a worm with legs ... and tentacles .
FAUST
Well we better do something .
HUNTER
Maybe we do n't have to .
It 's trapped in there .
We could just leave it in there all the way back to Irth .
STANDARD ( snaps )
Do n't be an idiot .
FAUST I know what we can do .
We can pump poison gas into the room and kill it .
Through those ventilator slots there .
He indicates a row of slots in the bottom of the door .
ROBY
Hey , wait a minute !
That 's all our food supplies in there !
We can't pump poison gas all over them !
STANDARD
Once we kill the thing we wo n't need the food any more -- we can go straight into hypersleep .
Also , it sounds like that thing is already doing a pretty good job on our supplies ; it may be fouling them all .
ROBY
You win .
FAUST
Somebody gimme a hand , I 'll get the stuff .
INTERIOR - CORRIDOR OUTSIDE FOOD LOCKER - LATER CAMERA PULLS BACK TO REVEAL THAT they are fastening a large funnel - shaped device over the ventilator grill at the bottom of the door .
This funnel is attached to a thick hose , which runs back to a large metal tank with pressure gauges .
STANDARD
Get those masks on .
They pull on gas masks .
ROBY
This stuff 's deadly -- I hope we know what we 're doing .
STANDARD
Go ahead , Jay .
Faust turns on the machine .
It begins to throb as it pumps the gas through the hose and into the room .
Immediately , THE CRASHING NOISES RISE IN CRESCENDO , AND THE THING CAN BE HEARD SCREECHING AND SQUEALING .
Then the sounds stop altogether .
STANDARD ( CONT'D )
Shut it off .
Faust shuts off the pump .
ROBY
Now what ?
STANDARD
What do you think ?
Now we go in .
Standard steps to the door and opens it .
A thick cloud of gas billows out .
INTERIOR - FOOD STORAGE ROOM
The room is thick with the poison gas .
The men look like insects in their gasmasks .
The food packages are ripped to shreds , and foodstuffs are scattered all over the floor .
FAUST
Looks like he helped himself .
Carefully , the men poke through the garbage , net and prods raised .
Then Hunter points .
HUNTER
God damn it .
They all look where he is pointing .
In the wall , A VENTILATOR GRILL HAS BEEN RIPPED OPEN .
HUNTER ( CONT'D )
It escaped .
They move to the shredded ventilator and shine their lights into it .
ROBY
Where does that go ?
FAUST
All over the ship ; we 'll have to check the charts to know for sure .
STANDARD
Then let 's go and do it .
They head for the door .
HUNTER
Have we got any food at all left in the ship ?
They slam the door shut and seal it .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE
The screens are showing them a schematic of the ship 's system of ventilator shafts .
FAUST
That one section of the ventilator shaft has only two outlets -- you notice ?
The food storage room on one end -- HUNTER --
And the cooling unit on the other .
STANDARD
So it 's trapped in between -- now we have to drive it out .
FAUST Poison gas ...
HUNTER
We can't pump poison gas down into the cooling unit !
It 'll flood the whole ship !
STANDARD
The only other thing I can think of is for somebody to crawl in there and flush it out .
ROBY
Are you crazy ?
STANDARD
The man would need protection , obviously -- as well as some way to drive the thing before him .
FAUST
How about a flamethrower ?
That would n't poison the air .
MELKONIS
So one of us goes into the airshaft and drives the thing along -- STANDARD
While the rest of us wait down in the cooling unit with the net .
HUNTER
Sounds like a rough one .
STANDARD
Got a better idea ?
Hunter shrugs .
ROBY
So the only question left is : who gets to crawl down the airshaft ?
STANDARD
Let 's be democratic .
He tears five small sheets of paper from a pad on his console .
On one of them , he draws a large X .
Then he wads each piece of paper into a tiny little ball .
He rolls the paperballs between his hands and tosses them on the table like dice .
STANDARD ( CONT'D ) Martin , take one .
Roby picks one up and unfolds it .
It is blank .
Melkonis picks up another and opens it .
Again blank .
Faust picks up a ball , and Standard immediately picks his own up .
They are both blank .
They all look at Hunter , who has not yet unfolded his .
STANDARD ( CONT'D )
Open it up , Cleave .
INTERIOR - FOOD STORAGE ROOM
Hunter is strapping on an oxygen mask and a flame thrower .
Faust is helping him .
Finally , Faust hands him a tracking device .
FAUST
Well , uh ... good luck .
I hope you wo n't need me , but if you do , I 'm here .
HUNTER ( grimly ) Right .
Hunter turns and climbs into the ventilator opening , which is just large enough to crawl through .
INTERIOR - AIR SHAFT
It is completely dark in the shaft .
Hunter reaches up and turns on his helmet light .
Then he switches on his radio .
HUNTER
Hey , do you guys read me down there ?
INTERIOR - CLIMATE CONTROL ROOM Standard , Melkonis and Roby are spreading out the net .
We hear the hum of huge cooling plants , and their hair ruffles .
Large airshafts run off in different directions .
STANDARD
Yeah , we 're getting into position .
INTERIOR - AIR SHAFT HUNTER
Okay , I 'm starting now .
He begins to crawl forward into the narrow metal tunnel .
He turns a corner .
After a couple more tight turns , THE TRACKER SUDDENLY BEEPS .
Hunter twitches .
He raises his flamethrower and FIRES A BLAST INTO THE DARKNESS .
It roars loudly in the confined tube , and the air instantly heats up .
Smoke drifts back into his face .
He begins to sweat .
INTERIOR - CLIMATE CONTROL ROOM
Roby points to a large rectangular opening in one wall .
ROBY ( pointing )
There .
That 's where it 's got to come out .
He throws a switch , and a large metal panel rises and seals off the opening .
ROBY ( CONT'D )
That 's a flip - flop gate to channel the air , but we can use it to trap the thing .
STANDARD
Right now let 's keep it closed .
Melkonis is setting up a little portable unit with a screen on it .
The screen shows a section of the ship 's schematic .
MELKONIS I 've got Hunter ... and something else as well , in front of him .
STANDARD
Are they close ?
MELKONIS
They 're on the next level up .
STANDARD
Let 's get moving with this net .
They lift the net up , holding it in front of the opening .
INTERIOR - AIR SHAFT
Hunter is still crawling on hands and knees .
Up ahead , he can see that the shaft takes an abrupt downward turn .
He crawls toward the down angle , then fires another blast from his flamethrower .
Then he starts crawling down , head first .
When he is nearly upside - down , the shaft takes yet another turning which puts him into a nearly impossible position , almost immobilized .
Then the tracker starts BEEPING LIKE CRAZY .
Frantically , he fumbles the flamethrower around , but the space is narrow -- it is difficult maneuvering .
He hears a HISSING CRY up ahead , and claws scrambling on metal .
Then he has the weapon into position , and sprays another lethal flaming burst toward the sound .
INTERIOR - CLIMATE CONTROL ROOM
Melkonis is staring at his screen .
MELKONIS
They 're getting pretty close now .
STANDARD
All right , then -- when it gets to the other side of the door , you sing out , then drop the door .
Okay ?
MELKONIS
Okay .
STANDARD ( to Roby )
And you and I will bag it , and then we 'll take it to the ventral air lock , got it ?
ROBY ( tensely ) Uh-huh .
INTERIOR - AIR SHAFT
Hunter is huddled against a wall of the shaft , clutching the flamethrower .
HUNTER ( whispers )
Hey , you guys .
INTERIOR - CLIMATE CONTROL ROOM STANDARD ( into communicator ) Yes !
INTERIOR - AIR SHAFT HUNTER ( whispering ) I do n't think this shaft goes on too much farther ... anyway it 's getting pretty hot in here ...
INTERIOR - CLIMATE CONTROL ROOM STANDARD ( into communicator )
Okay , our screens show you as being near to the opening .
We 'll open it up , then we 'll cue you and you can start blasting .
That 'll drive it right out .
You do n't have to go any farther .
INTERIOR - AIR SHAFT HUNTER Good .
He readies the flamethrower .
INTERIOR - CLIMATE CONTROL ROOM STANDARD
Okay , get ready .
He and Roby heft their respective ends of the net , crouched to catch the small creature when it darts out .
Melkonis picks up his electric prod .
STANDARD ( CONT'D )
Open the vent , Sandy .
Melkonis reaches over and throws the switch .
The metal gate drops down , opening up the shaft .
A SIX - FOOT MONSTROSITY STANDS IN THE OPENING .
GHASTLY BEYOND IMAGINATION , SQUAMOUS , COVERED WITH TENTACLES , IT HOPS DOWN LIKE AN OVER - SIZED BIRD AND GRABS MELKONIS IN RAZOR - SHARP TENTACLES .
Melkonis lets out a horrible shriek , and the thing grabs his head in one claw and TWISTS IT OFF LIKE A MAN PULLING THE HEAD OFF A CHICKEN , THEN THROWS IT TO THE FLOOR WITH AN AUDIBLE CLUNK .
CLUTCHING MELKONIS ' BODY TIGHTLY AGAINST ITSELF , IT TURNS AND BOUNDS DOWN THE HALL .
MELKONIS ' HEADLESS BODY IS STILL KICKING AND STRUGGLING AS THE MONSTER LEAPS HEAD-FIRST INTO ANOTHER AIR SHAFT .
Standard and Roby are left standing in shock .
After a moment , Hunter climbs out of the shaft .
HUNTER
What happened ?
Where is it ?
They break from their paralysis , and run toward the opening the creature just leaped into .
It is another shaft , going down into darkness .
STANDARD ( awed )
How did it get so big ?
ROBY
By eating our food supplies .
HUNTER
Where 's Melkonis ?
INTERIOR - FOOD STORAGE ROOM
Faust is still waiting .
FAUST ( into his communicator )
Hey , are you guys still there ?
What 's going on ?
STANDARD ( over , filtered )
Meet us on the bridge .
Be careful -- it 's huge now .
FAUST Right .
Faust lets himself out of the food storage room and carefully locks the door behind him .
INTERIOR - CORRIDORS
Standard , Roby and Hunter are rapidly ascending toward the bridge .
HUNTER
You mean his body was still kicking when it ran off with him ?
ROBY
It was horrible -- horrible .
Like a chicken .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE Standard , Roby and Hunter enter and drop into chairs .
Faust follows shortly .
They all look blank , stunned .
FAUST
What happened ?
Where 's Sandy ?
ROBY Dead .
FAUST Dead !
ROBY
It 's monstrous -- it grew , like some horrible tapeworm .
We were completely unprepared .
FAUST
It 's still in the ship ?
STANDARD
We'd better seal off the lower maintenance level ; at least trap it there .
( throws a switch ; circuitry lights up ) HUNTER
At least it can't get up here now .
ROBY
Two down , four to go .
STANDARD ( angrily )
What 's that supposed to mean ?
ROBY Nothing .
HUNTER
Listen , it sure did n't like this flamethrower .
STANDARD
That 's right -- we can't kill it on the ship , but we can at least keep it at bay -- and maybe drive it into the air lock .
HUNTER
Thing is , I 'm about out of fuel .
FAUST
There 's some more combustible fuel down in the storage lockers next to the lounge .
( rises ) I 'll go get it .
STANDARD
No , I do n't want us separated .
FAUST
You just sealed it off ; it can't get to that section .
ROBY
Do n't count on it .
HUNTER
We sure need this flamethrower .
STANDARD
All right ... but do not go below decks .
FAUST Right .
( heads for the door ) STANDARD
And be right back .
Faust exits .
ROBY
I think it 's time we took a hard look at those heiroglyphs .
Roby begins to punch buttons ; the photographs of the heiroglyphics appear on some of the screens .
ROBY ( CONT'D )
Can you make out any pattern in all that ?
STANDARD ( baffled ) Well ... yes ... there 's a pattern ... but it 's meaningless to me .
ROBY
I know it looks like a senseless jumble , but if you look closely , there are recognizable forms .
HUNTER Recognizable !
In that ?
ROBY
In symbolic form ... very stylized ... but if you stare at it , you can see some of the different creatures we 've been dealing with .
HUNTER Well ...
I suppose that star - shaped thing could be the parasite that got on Broussard .
Is that what you mean ?
ROBY
And right next to it , that oval design with the markings -- it 's a dead ringer for the spore casings .
STANDARD
That next thing there -- six legs , tentacles -- that 's the thing we saw in the food locker .
ROBY
So the next step should be -- HUNTER --
The big one .
And there it is .
Out of meaningless geometric symbols on a wall , it has become possible to recognize each stage in the alien 's life cycle .
ROBY
This is all the same creature .
We 're seeing the different stages in its life - cycle .
STANDARD
Then that tomb ... must have been some kind of fertility temple ... where they stored their eggs , and maybe held mating rituals ...
HUNTER ...
And Broussard got caught in their reproductive cycle .
ROBY
You will notice , though , that there are no more phases .
Only four forms are shown .
After that the pattern repeats .
STANDARD
Which presumably means ... ROBY ...
More spores coming .
INTERIOR - CORRIDOR OUTSIDE AIR LOCK
Faust quickly turns a couple of corners and then comes to an abrupt halt when he notices that a DOOR LEADING TO THE LOWER DECKS HAS BEEN WRENCHED OFF ITS HINGES .
He hesitates , uncertain what to do , then there is A SOUND FROM THE DIRECTION OF THE AIR LOCK ...
AND THE INNER LOCK DOOR IS OPEN .
Faust hesitates and peers into the lock .
INTERIOR - AIR LOCK
The creature is squatting in the middle of the floor , gnawing on a bloody thigh bone .
It does not see Faust .
INTERIOR - CORRIDOR OUTSIDE AIR LOCK
Stealthfully , dropping back into the shadows , Faust presses the wall intercom and speaks into it .
FAUST ( whispering )
It 's in the lock -- blow the main lock .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE Standard , Roby and Hunter are staring at the pictures .
The call from Faust catches Standard in mid-sentence .
STANDARD ( into intercom )
What ?
INTERIOR - CORRIDOR OUTSIDE AIR LOCK FAUST ( whispering )
It 's in the main air lock .
Blow the lock .
INTERIOR - BRIDGE
Standard hesitates , starts to frame a reply -- then changes his mind and runs to his console -- and THROWS THE SWITCH .
INTERIOR - AIR LOCK
With a mechanical whine , the inner door starts to close .
The creature hears it and INSTANTANEOUSLY LEAPS OUT OF THE LOCK .
INTERIOR - CORRIDOR OUTSIDE AIR LOCK
The creature comes flying out of the lock and DEALS FAUST A BACK - HANDED BLOW , KNOCKING HIM ACROSS THE THRESHOLD OF THE AIR LOCK DOOR .
FAUST SCREAMS IN MORTAL AGONY AS THE INNER DOOR CLOSES ON HIS WAIST , crushing him to a thickness of about three inches .
On the wall , a gre
Robust February sales pushed Ford Motor Co. to the top in U.S. auto sales , surpassing arch rival General Motors Co. for the first time in more than a decade .
Ford made its gains during a month roiled by severe weather in much of the country and by new revelations about Toyota Motor Corp .'s safety defects , including a public apology by top executive Akio Toyoda .
Toyota said Tuesday that it would use a combination of no-interest financing and cut -rate lease pricing to regain customers driven away by its turmoil .
Ford ’s sales rose 43 % , bolstered by strong business with rental car companies as well as commercial and construction fleet customers .
The Dearborn , Mich. , company took over the top spot from GM by selling 142,006 vehicles last month , or about 300 more than GM , according to Autodata Corp .
Ford ’s sales report underscored how a lineup of new products and the meltdown at Toyota helped to fuel the automaker ’s turnaround .
Ford last outsold GM -- then hurt by a strike -- in August 1998 .
Advertisement
Sales of Ford ’s Fusion sedan , for example , more than doubled to 16,459 cars from February 2009 .
Meanwhile , sales of the Camry , its main rival from Toyota , plunged nearly 20 % to 16,552 .
“ We are off to a strong start in 2010 , and we continue to gain traction , ” said Ken Czubay , vice president of U.S. marketing , sales and service for Ford .
He said more than 50 % of the reservations to purchase the Ford Fiesta , a small car that goes on sale later this year , came from customers who did n’t currently own a Ford vehicle .
“ Ford did extremely well , ” said Jessica Caldwell , an analyst with auto information company Edmunds.com .
“ It shows there is not just one or two vehicles carrying the entire brand . ”
Advertisement
Year to date , Ford has captured 17.5 % of the U.S. auto market , up more than 3 percentage points from the same period in 2009 .
Hampered by a series of large recalls and federal investigations into safety defects , Toyota ’s sales dropped almost 9 % to 100,027 vehicles compared with February 2009 .
Given the negative publicity that has hounded the company this year , Toyota group Vice President Bob Carter said he was “ surprised that we sold as many cars as we did . ”
The decline was less than what many analysts had predicted .
Toyota issued about 10 million recall notices worldwide recently , mostly for floor mats that can entrap the gas pedal and for a gas pedal that can stick .
It has blamed both problems for causing unintended acceleration .
Advertisement
“ Clearly we have some work to do , ” Carter said .
“ We stubbed our toe in regards to our image . ”
To help revive sales , Toyota is launching what Carter described as an “ unprecedented ” combination of advertising as well as financing and lease incentives through April 5 .
Toyota is offering no-interest financing for 60 months on its most popular 2010 model - year vehicles , including the Camry and Corolla sedans subject to the recalls .
The automaker also plans a “ loyalty ” incentive to persuade Toyota customers to stick with the company .
Owners of Toyota , Lexus and Scion vehicles will receive two years of free maintenance when they purchase a new vehicle .
Toyota also will offer all shoppers cash rebates of $ 500 to $ 3,000 and special lease deals , depending on the vehicle and the sales region .
Advertisement
Analysts said the program could hurt the industry ’s drive to regain profits after a disastrous 2009 .
“ These expensive programs should represent a material step up in cost of incentives , leading us to anticipate a breakdown in the industry ’s recent pricing discipline , ” said Brian Johnson , a Barclays Capital analyst .
He said the financing package would cost about $ 4,657 over the life of the loan for an average car at current auto - loan interest rates .
This compares with current estimated average incentives of around $ 3,000 for GM , $ 2,700 for Ford and $ 1,600 for Toyota , he said .
Automakers have been working to reduce the size of the incentives and discounts used to induce sales .
Most other manufacturers have n’t announced incentive offers for March , Johnson said , “ but the choice is between following through or risk losing some market share .
. . .
In particular , the impressive turnaround in profitability of Ford North American operations benefited largely from materially improved pricing , which could be in jeopardy if the overall industry pricing discipline collapses . ”
Advertisement
Ford , GM and Honda as well as import brands BMW , Audi and Subaru had February sales gains , mainly because sales were so depressed last year when automakers felt the effects of the recession and growing unemployment .
The industry is expected to sell about 11.5 million vehicles this year .
Although that ’s up about 10 % from 2009 , it is still well below the 16 million to 17 million a year of much of the last decade .
Total industry sales reached 780,265 in February , up 13 % from the recession - plagued 688,945 of a year earlier .
Year to date , sales are up about 10 % , Autodata reported .
Factors such as “ limited availability [ of ] credit , fuel prices that keep teasing the $ 3 line and households that continue to work on reducing overall debt ” were still keeping auto sales at a comparatively slow pace , said James Bell , an analyst at auto information company Kelley Blue Book .
Advertisement
GM officials said the industry ’s sales would have been about 5 % higher if it were not for the bad weather last month .
“ Bad snow and more bad snow , ” said Mike DiGiovanni , GM ’s chief sales analyst .
“ We have a lot of our sales in the north - central region , and we got hammered there .
We think the retail will come along as we move into spring and better weather . ”
GM ’s sales rose 12 % for the month to 141,535 , and its performance was even better after factoring out the Pontiac , Hummer , Saturn and Saab brands it closed or shed as part of the automaker ’s bankruptcy reorganization last year .
GM reported U.S. sales of 138,849 , up 32 % compared with February 2009 .
These results were driven by the strong sales of crossovers and passenger cars .
Advertisement
Despite its gains , GM reconfigured its sales and marketing team Tuesday .
Sales and marketing will become separate departments for GM and all its brands , though the two were combined only in December .
Mark Reuss , who became president of GM ’s North American operations in December , said he would become more involved in the sales operations .
“ I want us to get the most market share and profit we can out of this organization , ” Reuss said .
“ I do n’t think we ’ve worked far enough or fast enough . ”
American Honda Motor Co. saw its sales rise almost 13 % to 80,671 in February from a year earlier .
“ A year ago , the economy and our industry were at a low point marked with great uncertainty , ” said John Mendel , executive vice president of sales for American Honda .
“ While we remain cautious , we ’re happy to see customers actively seeking Honda products . ”
Advertisement
Sales at Nissan North America jumped 29 % to 70,189 from a year earlier .
And Chrysler Group , which also underwent bankruptcy reorganization last year , saw sales rise by less than 1 % , or just 399 vehicles , to 84,449 compared with February 2009 .
jerry.hirsch@latimes.com
Times staff writer Tiffany Hsu contributed to this report .
Publisher Activision announced today new " strategic plans " for the Call of Duty franchise , announcing a new developer for the shooter franchise and confirming the departure of key Infinity Ward staffers .
Advertisement
Activision announced it will form a " dedicated [ Call of Duty ] business unit that will bring together its various new brand initiatives with focused , dedicated resources around the world . "
It plans to expand the Call of Duty brand " with the same focus seen in its Blizzard Entertainment business unit " placing a focus on " high - margin digital online content and further the brand as the leading action entertainment franchise in new geographies , new genres and with new digital business models . "
As previously announced , Activision will release a new Call of Duty game from series co-developer Treyarch , responsible for Call of Duty 3 and Call of Duty : World At War , this fall .
Developer Infinity Ward is still scheduled to release two downloadable map packs for Modern Warfare 2 this year .
Advertisement
In 2011 , Activision will release another new game in the Call of Duty series from an unspecified developer .
It also announced plans for another Call of Duty - based title from developer Sledgehammer Games , the recently formed studio lead by Dead Space creative leads Glen Schofield and Michael Condrey .
The Sledgehammer - helmed title will " extend the franchise into the action - adventure genre . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The previously mentioned Call of Duty business unit will be led by Philip Earl , who currently runs Activision Publishing 's Asia Pacific region .
Activision Publishing 's Steve Pearce , chief technology officer , and Steve Ackrich , head of production , will lead Infinity Ward on an interim basis .
Former studios heads Jason West and Vince Zampella are no longer with Infinity Ward , officially .
Advertisement
" Activision does n't comment on HR matters related to its studios , " said reps when asked for comment about the departures and allegations of insubordination .
The two former Infinity Ward heads are said to have butted heads with their publisher creatively over the direction of the Call of Duty franchise .
Advertisement
Activision Publishing also announced that the company is " in discussions with a select number of partners to bring the franchise to Asia , one of the fastest growing regions for online multiplayer games in the world . "
MADISON , Wis. --
An Alabama author who 's spoken to white supremacists who believe slavery is ordained by god will no longer appear at a Wausau tea party rally next week as originally planned .
John Eidsmoe was scheduled to appear at the same event next week alongside Jefferson County Circuit Judge Randy Koschnick .
Koschnick complained to the rally 's organizer after being presented with information about Eidsmoe 's background by The Associated Press .
Wausau tea party organizer Meg Ellefson says she was also upset and called Eidsmoe on Thursday .
She says Eidsmoe offered to withdraw from the rally .
Eidsmoe did not return e-mails or phone messages left by AP .
The Southern Law Poverty Center 's research director Heidi Beirich says Eidsmoe has appeared before groups with racist agendas .
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Thursday , March 18 , 2010 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH Blank Plastic Posted by Mikko @ 15:42 GMT
We regularly learn of cases where criminals have gained access to credit card numbers via keyloggers , skimmers or online hacks .
Once they have the credit card numbers , they basically have three ways to turn them into cash :
Sell them
Make fraudulent purchases on them
Create real - world cards out of them
To create real - world cards , you need blank cards to start with .
These are known in the underground as " blank plastic " .
And there are online stores for blank plastic .
Here are some pictures from one :
Above : Collection of " blank " Visa and Master Card cards .
Above : Gold embossing demo .
Still missing the hologram sticker .
Above : Finished product .
Notice the card holder 's name …
P.S. Also see our post about credit card holograms .
Uncharted 4 : A Thief 's End Official Story Trailer Is Here - IGN Daily Fix
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
WordPress , the ubiquitous open source publishing platform that powers many of your favorite blogs and web publications , also powers Design Instruct and Six Revisions .
By using WordPress plugins , site owners can extend and tailor their WordPress installation to meet their needs .
However , using many plugins can affect a website ’s performance , and thus , you must be highly selective in choosing the plugins you install .
Design Instruct and Six Revisions only uses six WordPress plugins .
We ’ve kept our plugins to the bare essentials — any other features we add to our WordPress installation , we develop ourselves specifically for our sites .
In this article , we share with you the WordPress plugins that we use on our sites .
This article is part of Design Instruct Week , a weeklong celebration of our newly launched site , Design Instruct .
This week on Six Revisions covers topics that deal with running websites and design , written by the founders / editors of Design Instruct and Six Revisions .
Be sure to check out the Design Instruct Week Twitter Giveaway , which gives out different prizes every day of Design Instruct Week .
1. WP Super Cache
WP Super Cache speeds up WordPress posts and pages by creating static HTML versions of them , updating them at an interval of your choosing .
This cuts back on the need for server - side processes to generate a post or page whenever a visitor requests them .
After page performance testing on Design Instruct , we discovered that WP Super Cache single - handedly improved page response times of unprimed caches by 259.1 % , lowering the average total page load time from 9.56s to 3.69s for the most content - heavy post we have .
The biggest annoyance a WordPress site owner will encounter is moderating comments to weed out the ones posted by guileful spammers .
Akismet abates this burden by filtering out known comment spammers that are registered on their blacklist database .
In the two years that Six Revisions has been using Akismet , it has caught over 124,000 spam comments with 99.3 % accuracy .
This plugin saves us a lot of time so that we can focus on what ’s truly important in running websites : creating and publishing content .
Although Akismet is great , it works only through a blacklist database of reported spammers .
WP - SpamFree adds an additional layer of spam protection by using cookie - based and JavaScript - based techniques to ensure that the comment form submitter is n’t using remote - site scripting or client - side scripts to automatically post comments on your site .
WP - SpamFree is similar to a captcha in that it tests to see if a comment form submitter is human .
This plugin eliminates the need to use a traditional captcha system that can affect website accessibility .
On Design Instruct , WP - SpamFree has captured over 130 automated comments in under a month , which would have been about 26 % of all the comments on the site .
A Sitemaps XML file is crucial to have if you ’re interested in helping search engine spiders like Googlebot accurately index the content of your website .
The Google XML Sitemaps plugin automatically generates and updates your Sitemaps XML file for you .
It also pings search engines to let them know that there ’s new content on your site waiting to be indexed every time you publish and update posts and pages .
For regularly updated web publications such as Design Instruct and Six Revisions , this plugin bails us out from having to manually rebuild the file and notify search engines whenever new content is published .
The All in One SEO Pack WordPress plugin is packed with features that improve search engine visibility of your content .
On Six Revisions , with over 450,000 visitors from Google searches alone in the month of February , this plugin is critical in helping visitors find your content through search engines .
WP - PageNavi is a convenient WordPress plugin that adds a pagination feature on your site so that readers can navigate to older posts easier .
It ’s highly configurable and customizable to the way you want it to look and function .
You can see WP - PageNavi in action at the bottom - left of the home page and category pages on Six Revisions , and bottom - right on Design Instruct .
What WordPress plugins do you consider critical to your website or blog ?
Share it with the rest of us in the comments .
Related Content
Oh those were the days !
Early stages of Space Age were a great source of inspiration for many artists .
The Googie style in architecture and interior designs , and of course the “ space culture ” in automotive design – that ’s only a couple of spheres affected by Space euphoria of that epoch .
The concept designs below reflect the best design trends of the early “ Space Age ” – using tailspins , small wings and other aerodynamic elements that were allegedly borrowed from the space engineering .
We ca n’t call these cars extremely beautiful but they are surely essential parts of a design history that are worth being honored .
Despite all weird forms and rather futuristic styles , the Fabulous 50′s gave many awesome legendary cars – from Cadillac Eldorado 62 to Ford Fairlane and Chevy Bel - Air .
This collection is our tribute to all those designers that were brave enough to create extraordinary and controversial things because this is the right way to make something really unique and elegant .
Pontiac Club de Mer
* * *
Cadillac Cyclone
* * *
Ford X 2000
* * *
GM Firebird I
* * *
GM Firebird II
* * *
GM Firebird III
* * *
Chrysler Dart
* * *
Mercury XM Turnpike Cruiser
* * *
Packard Predictor
* * *
Oldsmobile Golden Rocket
* * *
Mercury D - 528
* * *
Ford La Tosca
* * *
Lincoln Futura
* * *
Chevrolet Biscayne
* * *
Pontiac Bonneville
* * *
As a Greek teaching at the City University of New York , I ca n’t help but notice the parallels between brutal budget cuts in Greece and the impact of the economic crisis in the United States .
Economic and political leaders around the world are bent on resolving the latest capitalist crisis by shifting the burden onto those least responsible for its eruption .
One of the most recent examples is on display in Greece , where cutbacks amid an economic meltdown have met widespread resistance .
The full force of the current economic crisis hit Greece later than the United States .
The country went through a temporary period of economic growth fueled by debt and a real - estate and construction boom partly linked to the 2004 Olympics in Athens .
But the story of Greece in the last generation or so remains one of permanent economic and social turmoil linked to a process of restructuring characterized by privatization , the spread of “ flexible ” and insecure forms of employment , growing economic inequality and chronically high levels of unemployment — especially among women and young workers .
As with other countries , the European Union was the vehicle for this neoliberal restructuring .
Joining the exclusive “ Euro zone ” was supposed to mark Greece ’s ascendance into a developed capitalist economy .
But inclusion requires restrictive policies aimed at keeping budget deficits and inflation low at the cost of high levels of unemployment .
The economic injustice and social disintegration these policies generated led to the explosive youth revolt that shook Greece in December 2008 and sent chills down the collective spine of economic and political elites in Europe and beyond .
Interestingly , this revolt broke out even before Greece had felt the full force of the global capitalist crisis .
But the bailout of Greek banks by the Greek government — some 28 billion euros ( roughly $ 38 billion ) — fed people ’s rage at the incompetence and corruption of Greek economic and political elites .
Then in September 2009 , Greece announced that its deficit would be four times the European Union ’s maximum 3 percent of national income .
This has driven up the cost of interest rates on Greece ’s loans and debt .
Now that the full force of the crisis is being felt in Greece , the government is imposing further savage cutbacks .
More than 600,000 public - sector workers have seen their wages sliced and pensions frozen .
Unemployment has soared to 14.6 percent and is projected to rise to 20 percent .
A recent survey in Greece found half of respondents said their salaries no longer cover their needs , and the Greek press has reported on suicides of business owners whose businesses fail and workers who have just lost their jobs .
Even more draconian measures could be imposed if Greece turns to the International Monetary Fund and the European Union for a loan of 45 billion euros ( $ 61 billion ) to continue servicing its debt .
The “ socialist ” government that imposed these cuts won last fall ’s election by opposing the then - governing Conservative Party ’s plans to resolve the crisis by adapting “ necessary ” austerity measures .
By arguing that these cuts would deepen the crisis and lead to the collapse of tax revenues , the socialists won the election by a 10 - point margin , the largest in Greece ’s recent political history .
But now Greeks are facing what Americans faced a year earlier .
They voted for candidates who claimed to represent change , only to get governments that serve large corporations and global financial interests rather than addressing the needs of ordinary citizens .
In a sense , the economic policies of the Greek government are worse than those of the Democrats .
Although the Obama administration has announced budget freezes in the coming years , he did push for a stimulus package rather than for austerity measures .
But many progressive economists have noted that the effectiveness of this package was diminished both by its small size and the concessions it made to the trickle - down International philosophy of lower taxes on the rich .
One of the effects of Obama ’s policies is a 10 percent official unemployment rate , much higher than what the Obama administration was predicting .
His stimulus package failed to provide sufficient support to states that find themselves forced to balance budgets by cutting social services .
The economic crisis has also advanced the creeping privatization of public colleges and universities .
This has been most obvious in California , which has imposed dramatic tuition hikes , triggering student and faculty strikes , building occupations and an inspiring resistance movement .
But it has also been true in New York .
Governor David Paterson recently called for yet another round of cuts for CUNY and SUNY and proposed to make it easier for universities to raise tuition .
If approved , these measures would continue to shift the cost of public higher education from the city and the state onto the students .
Education is on its way to becoming just another commodity accessible only to those who can afford to buy it .
The situation faced in New York and throughout the United States may not be quite as dramatic as that in Greece , but the pattern is the same .
Those most responsible for the global crisis have shifted the burden of the crisis to the rest of us — whether it be Greek workers facing lower incomes and higher prices , U.S. public college students paying higher tuition for an educational experience diminished by relentless budget cuts or ordinary Americans financing Wall Street bailouts even as they are losing their jobs and homes .
But while the austerity measures in Greece have led to strikes and popular nationwide mobilizations , similar resistance is just beginning to coalesce in the United States .
Costas Panayotakis teaches sociology at the New York City College of Technology - City University of New York .
He is an active member of the Professional Staff Congress , the union representing CUNY faculty members and professional staff .
Greek Prime Minister Giorgos Papandreou became the butt of jokes in February after he announced the debt - ridden country was essentially bankrupt and he planned to take draconian steps to cut its deficit .
On television , mock commercials declared , “ It ’s time for the poor to pay , the rich have paid enough . ”
But beneath the humor was a strong current of resistance , and protests soon erupted .
Some of the first “ austerity measures ” hit the public sector :
Wages would be cut by 8 percent or more , and pensions would kick in after 37 instead of 35 years of work .
This brought thousands of workers into the streets of Athens on Feb. 10 and 24 for protests organized by the civil servants union .
Their refusal to work brought the country to a standstill — halting trains , shuttering primary schools and universities and leaving hospitals open for emergency services only .
The protests escalated in March when private sector employees joined with public sector workers for a 48 - hour general strike .
Just as bus drivers and train operators refused to “ leave the station , ” air - traffic control workers stopped all flights from entering or leaving the country .
Banks , post offices and municipal buildings were closed , and even police and firemen , unable to strike , decided to hold a protest against further cuts in their already meager salaries .
Not to be outdone , anarchists dropped a banner from the Acropolis that read , “ Take the Measures Back . ”
An estimated three million Greeks — out of a total population of 11 million — participated in the general strike , which spread beyond the capital city of Athens .
Greece ’s second largest city , Thessaloniki , hosted six different marches — one of them attracting about 7,000 people who chanted , “ Make the bosses pay ! ”
In Ionnina about 1,500 people braved pouring rain to protest the measures .
Demonstrators in Heracleion , Crete , blockaded shops that refused to allow their workers to strike .
The demonstrations were not without violence .
Riot police used tear gas and batons in their attempt to suppress rock - throwing protesters .
Many government buildings and banks had their windows smashed .
At one point , radicals pushing for long - term strikes punched and kicked the head of Greece ’s main private - sector workers union before he was to address a crowd of strikers outside Parliament .
As The Indypendent went to press , another nationwide protest had been called for April 22 to oppose a loan by the International Monetary Fund and several European countries that could result in even further cutbacks and higher taxes .
- Renée Feltz
Welcome to the start of our coverage of Stern 's Iron Man game .
Today we bring you the following reports :
Click here - for the first pictures of the game
Click here - for first pictures from the Enada show plus video from Chicago
Click here - for Stern Pinball 's press release about the game
Click here - for Part One of our exclusive In - Depth Review
click here - for the print / low bandwidth version with smaller images
Click here - Part Two of our exclusive In - Depth Review
Click here - the print / low bandwidth version with smaller images
Barring any unexpected new developments , we have now concluded our coverage of Stern 's Iron Man game .
Back to the games page
Back to the front page
© Pinball News 2010
At least four people have been killed , and several others injured after a Nato aircraft crashed in southern Afghanistan , officials say .
The helicopter came down close to Qalat city , capital of Zabul province .
Three US soldiers were among the dead .
A Taliban spokesman said the aircraft had been shot down , the AP news agency reported .
But Nato officials say the cause of the crash is unknown .
Coalition troops are fighting the Taliban in the country 's south .
Taliban spokesman Qari Yusuf Ahmedi told the Associated Press that militants had shot down the helicopter near the village of Haiz , 6 km ( 4 miles ) from Qalat , at about midnight ( 1800 GMT on Thursday ) .
But Mohammad Jan Rasool
Yar , spokesman for the governor of Zabul , told AFP news agency that the helicopter " crashed last night due to technical problems . "
Last month , a helicopter carrying Turkish soldiers crash landed in Wardak .
And last July , a civilian helicopter crashed in southern Afghanistan , killing at least 16 civilians and injuring five .
Russia plus its aid demands a base vital to the U.S. occupation of Afghanistan and imperial mobilization in Central Asia be shut down .
Following yesterday ’s overthrow of the U.S. - allied government , “ Kyrgyzstan ’s new leaders sought to reassure Washington Thursday that it can continue to use the strategic Manas airbase near the capital Bishkek as a supply link for U.S. operations in Afghanistan ” , Mohammed Salih reports at Inter Press Services .
Omurbek Tekebayev , a former Kyrgyz opposition leader handling constitutional matters in the new government , tol Reuters , “ Russia played its role in ousting Bakiyev . ”
“ You ’ve seen the level of Russia ’s joy when they saw Bakiyev gone , ” he said .
“ So now there is a high probability that the duration of the U.S. air base ’s presence in Kyrgyzstan will be shortened . ”
A senior Russian official told the news agency “ that Bakiyev had not fulfilled a promise to shut the Manas airbase [ and ] said there should be only one base in Kyrgyzstan — a Russian one ” .
Over 200,000 troops have deployed to Afghanistan through Manas , 50,000 last month alone .
The now - overthrown president took $ 2 billion in Russian aid , according to Reuters , under the condition that — in accordance with the will of the Kyrgyz people — the American base would be shut down last year .
Fmr. Pres. Bakiyev , instead , increased the rent charged to the U.S. government from $ 17.1 million a year to $ 60 million , plus an additional $ 117 million in aid to the government , , Owen Matthews wrote at Newsweek yesterday .
The Obama Administration “ angered the Kyrgyz opposition last summer by courting Mr. Bakiyev in an ultimately successful attempt to reverse his decision to close the base , angering the opposition , ” Clifford Levy reports at The New York Times .
Though , “ American officials said that as of Wednesday evening the base was functioning normally ” , this revolution “ posed a potential embarrassment ” for the Administration , he adds , as the U.S. embassy in the Kyrgyz capital expressed in a statement it was “ deeply concerned ” .
Yesterday , Sayyid and I wrote this so - called ‘ Tulip Revolution ’ was more likely to become a coup that resulted in a U.S. - Russia proxy - bidding war than a democratic revolution .
“ Russia has already recognized the new government , while the U.S. has simply said it remains unclear who is in charge , ” Mr. Ditz writes today .
“ Russian P.M. Vladimir Putin has spoken directly with the new de facto leader , former Foreign Minister Roza Otunbayeva , and pledged to supply Russian humanitarian aid to the nation . ”
Columbia Law Professor Scott Horton at Harper ’s wrote yesterday : “ The United States has curried favor with powerful political figures intent on rent seeking ….
The U.S. proclivity for ‘ sweet deals ’ with those in power will complicate things in time of transition . ”
Pres. Bakiyev and his predecessor , the overthrown Askar Akiyev , “ developed ‘ special relationships ’ with the U.S. logistical supply point — as members of their immediate families garnered sweetheart deals from the Pentagon that supported the base operations ” , he added .
Professor Alex Cooley , a colleague of Prof.
Horton well - studied in the geopolitics of Manas , told him , “ The United States has founded its engagement with the Kyrgyz government on providing lucrative contacts — for fuel and other Manas - related services — worth hundreds of millions of dollars to entities controlled by the Bakiyev ruling family . ”
In 2008 , Russia fought a bloody five - day war with Georgia — a U.S. client state and former Soviet republic — backing the successful secession of the South Ossetia and Abkhazia territories .
Russia is “ now fully responsible for the protection of South Ossetia according to an agreement between the two countries , signed on Wednesday , ” Russia Today reported this week shortly after “ South Ossetia and Abkhazia [ gave ]
Russia powers to protect their state borders and , in Abkhazia ’s case , to guard its marine space as well ” .
The geopolitical maneuvering between Russia and the U.S. have mainly been economic .
Russia , Brazil , India and China have formed an economic alliance ( BRIC ) to begin dumping U.S. monopoly money from their reserves toward hard reserves like gold .
The U.S. dollar ’s saving grace , Middle East oil , is wearing thin as Middle East members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries are conspiring with Russia and other countries to abandon the U.S. dollar .
“ The head of Saudi Arabia ’s central bank on Tuesday was named the first chairman of a council that will serve as the precursor to a regional central bank in the latest step toward a unified Gulf currency , ” Tarek el - Tablawy reported at Business Week , late last month .
Iran has completely abandoned the dollar from the its reserves .
Nine Latin American powers have approved a document to replace the dollar with a new intra-regional currency .
The fall of the American Empire will not be a swift loss in a major war or spontaneous economic collapse .
The international community of nation - states are well aware that the empire has nothing to offer with its phony , robber baron economy — only threats of military might .
Forging economic alliances will force the U.S. military ’s sphere of influence to crumble one client - state at a time , starting with vital bases in small countries like Kyrgyzstan .
The American economy , dependent on forcing odious debt — via the coercive International Monetary Fund and World Bank — on the Third World to monetize domestic programs in order to pacify the population of the U.S. , will be left to free the market or continue to command it with no other backing than excessive , overt force .
With the international community of nation - states resisting self - defeating economic cooperation with the U.S. , American companies ’ interest in perpetual war escalates as the U.S. is the leading global arms supplier .
The government ’s interest in continuing to destroy lives , land and resources around the world will ironically be imperative to maintain any ounce of domestic order .
Angela Keaton , administrator at AntiWar.com , reminded me of the truth told by the late - anarchist Karl Hess , yesterday : “ When you put your faith in big government , you end up an apologist for mass murder . ”
( CNN ) -- Sick of slow Internet connections ?
The federal government hears you .
The U.S. Federal Communications Commission on Monday unveiled some details of its broadband plan , which aims to speed up Web connections and make high - speed Internet available to more Americans .
The commission plans to use educational programs and an expansion of broadband Internet infrastructure to give 90 percent of Americans high - speed Internet access at home by 2020 .
Currently , only 65 percent of Americans have high - speed Internet access at home , which the FCC says is a detriment to economic growth .
The proposal will make the U.S. " the world 's largest market of high - speed broadband users " and will create jobs , the FCC says in a news release .
The plan would also lower health care costs and improve home energy efficiency by making information available digitally , the FCC says .
Other details of the plan remain unclear .
The FCC will release its entire proposal at a meeting Tuesday .
The FCC also wants to speed up overall connections , which are often criticized as slow by global standards .
Its goal is to give 100 million households access to Internet connections that transfer 100 megabits of data per second .
The average U.S. Internet speed today is much slower -- only 3.9 megabits per second , according to the Internet monitor Akamai .
The U.S. has only the 18th fastest Internet connections in the world , behind countries like South Korea , which leads the world with 14.6 megabit - per - second data transfer rates , Akamai says .
One rural town 's broadband battle
Each community in America also will get access to at least one " ultra - high - speed " connection at a library , school or military base .
Those connections will reach speeds of 1 gigabit per second , the FCC said in the news release .
The country 's broadband plan was required as part of President Obama 's 2009 American Recovery and Reinvestment Act , which allocated $ 7.2 billion to broadband - related initiatives .
The FCC 's upcoming broadband plan will be " revenue neutral , " according to an executive summary of the plan released Monday .
The FCC will auction off 500 megahertz of spectrum to pay for some expenses , such as extending broadband networks to rural areas .
Other programs will be paid for with improved efficiencies , the FCC said .
The plan has been delayed , and it is criticized by some as doing too little .
Speaking at South by Southwest Interactive , a technology conference in Austin , Texas , Derek Turner , the research director for the nonprofit group Free Press , said the broadband plan does not do enough to reduce the cost of high - speed Internet connections , which he said is the biggest barrier to adoption .
Still , he said , he is hopeful that the federal government can address the issue .
" I 'm actually very hopeful for some positive outcomes , " he said at the conference , " because I 've seen stranger things happen in Washington . "
FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski framed the plan as a boost for the economy .
" The National Broadband Plan is a 21st century roadmap to spur economic growth and investment , create jobs , educate our children , protect our citizens , and engage in our democracy , " he said in an FCC news release .
" It 's an action plan , and action is necessary to meet the challenges of global competitiveness , and harness the power of broadband to help address so many vital national issues . "
The plan places some emphasis on the mobile Internet and indicates that the U.S. wants to be a leader in that emerging space .
CNN 's Doug Gross contributed to this report .
Newcastle University says it is exceeding Federal Government benchmarks for the amount of students from low socioeconomic backgrounds .
As part of the Government 's overhaul of higher education , it wants 20 per cent of students attending universities to be from disadvantaged backgrounds by 2020 .
The overhaul is aimed at making higher education more accessible and increasing the number of people who have a Bachelors degree .
Newcastle vice - chancellor Professor Nick Saunders says 30 per cent of students at the university are from a low socioeconomic background .
" The national average is 15 per cent , the Government target is 20 per cent , so we 're well exceeding the Government 's target , " he said .
" We 're doing very well in that space and it's not just an accident of geography , we 've been actively out there promoting engagement between schools and the university . "
You 're not crazy , and neither are we :
The touchscreen on the Apple iPhone really is more responsive than the screens on the BlackBerry Storm , the Motorola Droid , the Nexus One and many other phones , even though all of these devices use essentially the same touch - sensing hardware .
Though handset makers buy their touchscreens as components from the same select pool of suppliers , a good touchscreen experience requires more than just hardware .
It requires a bit of design alchemy blending software , engineering and calibration for the perfect feel .
Few smartphone makers have managed to get that balance right , say experts .
" If you think that no other touchscreen out there is as good as the iPhone , its not all in your head , " says Chris Verplaetse , vice president of the Moto Development Group , a product design and development firm .
" It 's like asking what makes a Mercedes door close like a Mercedes door and a Hyundai door close like one though they use the same steel .
There 's clearly a difference . "
Variables include engineering details such the calibration of the touch sensor so it can separate the signal from the noise , the quality of the firmware and the level of integration of the touch experience into the phone 's user interface .
There are also more difficult - to - quantify things such as as the level of the company 's commitment to making the best touchscreen experience possible .
" Many layers account for the performance of a touchscreen , " says Verplaetse .
" But it all comes down to how well the electronics and the mechanical hardware are integrated . "
As cellphones became more powerful , allowing users to surf the internet and check e-mail , handset makers started to add touch capability to their phones .
The earliest screens were resistive touchscreens , where two thin metallic layers are separated by a narrow gap .
A finger pushing down on the top layer makes contact with the bottom surface and the point of contact is computed by the accompanying electronics .
But resistive touchscreens did n't make most consumers happy because they were n't responsive enough – you had to really push and hammer away at the display with your fingernail or a stylus to get it to respond .
The capacitive touchscreen in Apple 's iPhone changed the game , because it 's not pressure - sensitive .
Instead , this kind of technology responds to the electrical properties of your skin , not the pressure of your finger , to figure out where you 're touching the screen .
For the first time , just a light tap could open an application or a flicking gesture could get the screen scrolling .
Best of all , it seemed effortless .
A projected capacitive touchscreen – the kind that 's usually used in phones – has a glass insulator coated with a transparent conductive layer .
The layer is etched into a gridlike pattern .
When a finger touches the surface of the screen , it distorts the electrostatic field .
That can be measured as a change in capacitance .
The location of the touch is computed and it is passed on to a software application that relates the touch into actions for the device .
In theory , all capacitive touchscreens should offer consumers the same experience , but they rarely do , says Andrew Hsu , a technology strategist for Synaptics , one of the biggest touchscreen component makers .
" Capacitive touch - based handsets involve a lot of development work and quite a bit of engineering expertise in order to give them their ' magical ' quality , " says Hsu .
It 's Not Just About Hardware — — — — — — —— —-
Smartphone users have no way to measure exactly how well the capacitive sensor system on their phone is actually working .
Their perception is based on the feedback they see on the screen , says Hsu .
That means a touchscreen could be quite fast and accurate , but if the visual display does n't keep up , it wo n't feel smooth or responsive .
That 's where well - designed user interfaces and quality firmware come into play .
" Some systems are better at it than others , " says Hsu .
Synaptics ran tests comparing the iPhone touchscreen to the original BlackBerry Storm .
They found that the Storm 's touchscreen sensor responded well , which pointed the finger at the underlying firmware .
It 's also a reason why BlackBerry maker Research In Motion was able to fix some of the lag and the bugginess of the screen that reviewers had initially complained about .
Subsequent updates to the Storm 's software significantly improved its responsiveness to touch .
Another problem is separating signal from noise , which some phones are better at than others .
A perfectly designed and well - tuned capacitive sensing system would require no pressure to detect the presence of a user 's finger .
But to get there , handset makers have to solve what Hsu calls the " needle in a haystack problem . "
The amount of signal that your finger contributes when it touches the sensor is very small compared to the noise already present in the system .
To accurately sense it and compute its location requires some software magic .
" Even if you design the entire touchscreen right , once you put it into the device , there 's an impact from other sources that emit electromagnetic interference , such as the wireless unit , " says Hsu .
That 's where an ASIC , or application specific integrated circuit , is needed to measure and amplify the signals .
Apple reportedly designed its own ASIC for the iPhone 's touchscreen , while most other companies buy an ASIC from one of the touchscreen chipmakers .
Finding the Right Balance — — — — — —— —-
In January , Moto Labs , Moto Development Group 's research group , tested different touchscreens by using a drawing program to draw a few straight lines on the display .
On a good touchscreen , users can draw clean , straight lines , say the researchers , while inferior touchscreens show lines that look jagged ( see the photo above ) .
The jagged lines happen because the sensor size may be too big , the touch - sampling rate may be too low , or the algorithms that convert gestures into images do n't faithfully represent user inputs .
Moto Labs ' tests showed the iPhone had the most precise lines , though there was loss of sensitivity around the edges .
The HTC Droid and Nexus One also did well , while the Motorola Droid 's touchscreen came out at the bottom .
Though Palm
Pre was n't included in that test , Moto says the Pre 's screen responded well .
Meanwhile , a Palm Pre Plus user recently complained about the device 's poor touchscreen .
Palm would n't comment about that particular complaint , but the company says the Pre and Pre Plus have been designed to optimize the touch experience .
For instance , the Pre and the Pre Plus have a " soft arc " on the top surface to allow for gestures without interference from the edges .
And Palm tries to tweak the touchscreen through firmware updates .
" We made touch a central part of the navigation on the device , " says Leslie Letts , a spokesperson for Palm .
Getting the perfect touchscreen experience is also a matter of finding the right balance for the display .
One reason why Apple ’s touch sensor is so sensitive to light touch is that the company uses a 12 - volt power source for the sensing lines in the touchscreen sensor , versus the 3 - to 5 - volt power source that most other component manufacturers have .
That higher voltage drive takes a toll on the battery life because it uses up more power , but it also translates into more accurate sensing , which means a better touch experience , say researchers at Moto .
Other cellphone manufacturers are making the investments to catch up but it will be a while before all touchscreens work as well as Apple 's , says J. Daniel Hebert , CEO of Moto Development Group .
" There 's a big difference between deferring to a vendor and driving the performance of the system , " he says .
One final factor : Steve Jobs .
His imperious management style may be off - putting , but he does exercise complete control over the final versions of his company 's products , and that hands - on approach at the company 's highest levels helps ensure that the whole experience works well – including the feel of the touchscreen .
" For a good touchscreen , you need someone who is a generalist who can ask more than whether the software is complete and whether the hardware is complete , " says Verplaetse .
" Steve Jobs is an example of someone who probably asks , " Does this feel right ? " when he 's looking at a new product . "
Photo illustration ( top ) : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
DIY test analysis : Moto Labs
Mr McMillan - Scott fell out with the Conservative leadership
An ex-senior Tory MEP , expelled in a row over the party 's new allies in Europe , has joined the Lib Dems .
Edward McMillan - Scott , who once headed the Tory grouping in Brussels , was unhappy with David Cameron 's decision to re-align the party in Europe .
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said he was " delighted " to welcome an MEP who was " respected ... across Europe " .
The Tories said Mr McMillan - Scott was expelled six months ago : " He has not been a Conservative MEP since then . "
A senior party source told the BBC : " They 're welcome to him . "
The row dates back to Conservative leader David Cameron 's decision to pull his party out of the main centre - right grouping in the European Parliament , the European People 's Party ( EPP ) .
Extremism row Mr Cameron said the EPP , which includes the governing parties in Germany , Italy and France , had federalist views were incompatible with his party 's stance on Europe .
Instead , Mr Cameron formed a new coalition , the European Conservative and Reformist Group , made up of centre - right parties from central and eastern Europe .
Mr McMillan - Scott criticised Michal Kaminski , a member of the new coalition , over reported past links with extreme groups , something the Polish MEP denies .
For many years he has fought for human rights and democracy world wide and he is rightly a respected politician across Europe
Nick Clegg
Lib Dem leader
Lib Dems unveil election slogan Mr McMillan - Scott defied party orders to stand against Mr Kaminski for an influential role within the European Parliament - and won .
But he was subsequently expelled from the Conservative Party .
As the Lib Dems ' spring conference gets underway in Birmingham , the party announced Mr McMillan - Scott would be joining them .
Party leader Nick Clegg said : " " I am delighted to welcome Edward McMillan - Scott to the Liberal Democrats .
" For many years he has fought for human rights and democracy world wide and he is rightly a respected politician across Europe .
" As someone of principle he has refused to cosy up to right wing extremists , despite pressure from the Tory machine . "
' Smears ' Mr McMillan - Scott added : " My reasons for joining the Liberal Democrats are that in Nick Clegg they have a leader whom I like , admire and respect .
They are internationalists , not nationalists .
They are committed to politics based the values of fairness and change .
" From being a liberal Conservative I become a conservative liberal .
Most of my family are liberals .
I am pleased to join the liberal family . "
The Labour Party has also attacked the Conservatives ' new allies in Europe - Foreign Secretary David Miliband said Mr Kaminski had been " denounced by the Chief Rabbi of Poland for an anti-semitic , neo - Nazi past " .
David Cameron said Mr Miliband should apologise as the chief rabbi had since clarified his remarks .
Shadow foreign secretary William Hague criticised Mr Miliband 's remarks as " smears " and accused him of " shoddy politics " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Russian - language internet is increasingly subject to control by the Russian government and its allies in the private sector , according to a new report ( pdf ) from the DNI Open Source Center ( OSC ) .
Except for a vocal minority of bloggers and human rights activists , the Russian public is mostly indifferent to or even supportive of government controls on the internet , the OSC report said .
“ Over the last several years , pro-government oligarchs have accumulated significant stakes in the leading portals of the Russian Internet [ or Runet ] .
Between them , they own the majority of the most popular Russian social networking sites and the majority of the most popular Russian websites , ” the OSC found .
“ While media outlets owned by government companies have not yet shown signs of censorship , the leadership and owners of these Russian investment companies are close to the Kremlin and may be willing to cede their business interests to government priorities , ” the OSC report said .
A copy of the OSC analysis was obtained by Secrecy News and posted on the website of the Federation of American Scientists .
See “ Kremlin Allies ’ Expanding Control of Runet Provokes Only Limited Opposition , ” OSC Media Aid , February 28 , 2010 .
“ Although some independent bloggers and press sources raised concerns at the growing government presence in the Internet , the public is probably unaware of the extent to which the Runet is owned by Kremlin allies , ” the report said .
“ Most buy - outs were not well publicized , appearing only in specialized business dailies that reported only the fact of the deal . ”
The OSC itemized several of the most important private acquisitions of Russian websites and identified their proprietors .
So , for example , “ Oligarch Mikhail Prokhorov , who is known to cooperate with the Kremlin , owns RosBiznesKonsalting ( RBC ) , which has been quietly gobbling up Russian Internet ( Runet ) domains , holding 21 % of the Runet ’s sites , according to its last annual report in 2007 , including Loveplanet.ru , the second - most popular online dating service in the Runet . ”
In any case , “ most Russians are not overly concerned about censorship in general or censorship of the Internet .
Most actually support censoring the Internet , ” according to the OSC .
“ Those who do react negatively to threats to Internet freedom tend to be opposition members or human rights activists who would be directly affected by censorship . ”
Thus , opposition blogger Oleg Kozyrev and reporter Oleg Salmanov wrote in 2008 , “ The Russian Internet community is following with alarm the social networks passing under the control of those who are loyal to the authorities and responsive to their requests . ”
The first criminal conviction in Russia for comments posted on a blog also took place in 2008 , the OSC noted .
Savva Terentyev received a one - year suspended prison sentence for describing police as “ filth ” and writing that “ a corrupt cop should be ceremonially burnt daily ” in every town square .
He acknowledged writing the comments but pleaded not guilty to charges of extremism .
“ The Russian Government does not need to own the Runet in order to monitor or control it , ” the OSC concluded .
“ It has numerous laws and policies in place that allow it to limit or threaten open discussion on the Internet .
Portals owned by Kremlin allies do not yet exhibit signs of censorship , but their acquisitions provide officials an additional lever to control the content of the Runet if the Kremlin feels threatened . ”
An appendix to the OSC report , which was marked For Official Use Only , profiles the major private investors in the Russian internet .
A second appendix lists the top 100 Russian websites , along with their owners .
NOTE : All the FRC Events are listed as reference only .
If and when a valid link to the webcast is established , it will be posted below .
NOTE : It is uncertain whether the webcasts will be archived .
If and when archives of the events become available , they will be posted below .
We are unable to make video or DVD copies of the events .
NOTE : NASA is not responsible for the webcasts provided by other groups or providers .
Cesc Fabregas is ' desperate ' to face Barcelona in Arsenal 's ' most difficult ' game of the season .
Midfielder insists Gunners are not scared of meeting holders
Big challenge
Cesc Fabregas is ' desperate ' to face Barcelona and expects Arsenal 's UEFA Champions League tie against his former club to be the ' most difficult ' of the season .
Gunners captain Fabregas is battling to be fit for the first leg of the quarter - final tie on Wednesday night after suffering a knee injury against Birmingham City last weekend .
He missed training on Tuesday and Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger is likely to leave a decision on whether to play Fabregas until the warm - up before kick - off .
Wenger is adamant he will not gamble on the midfielder 's fitness after Fabregas outlined his desire to line up against the club where he started his career .
" Ever since the draw was made I 've dreamt about this game and I am desperate to play in it , " Fabregas told .
" I 've never disguised my affection for Barcelona , it 's where I was brought up and where I learned so many beautiful things about football .
" But Arsenal have the same principles and this is our chance to show the world that we can stand shoulder to shoulder with Barcelona and emerge triumphant .
You can't imagine how much I want to be part of that .
" Fabregas is looking forward to the challenge of tackling Barcelona and insists Arsenal are not scared of meeting the holders over two legs .
He added : " Football is all about moments like this , all about challenges and this is a big challenge for Arsenal and for myself .
" Individually you want to prove yourself against the biggest players in the world .
And that 's Barcelona - they are a team packed full of some of the best players in the world .
" So you want to show you can play against them , there 's nothing better .
To be honest this is the most exciting time of my career and now I want to make it brilliant .
" You know the next few days are going to be so good because the most important games of the season are coming .
" Yes , Barcelona are the best team in the world , so if you can avoid them until the final then it is definitely much better .
But we are not scared of anyone .
" It will be difficult , of course , probably the most difficult game of the season .
And what a game . "
A group of state legislators and gun-rights advocates wants to make hunting and fishing a constitutional right in Arizona .
Rep. Jerry Weiers , R - Glendale , has proposed House Concurrent Resolution 2008 .
It states that citizens would have a right to " hunt , fish and harvest wildlife " and make public hunting and fishing the " preferred means of managing and controlling wildlife . "
If supported by the Legislature , the resolution would put a proposed constitutional amendment on an upcoming ballot for the voters to consider .
If approved by voters , it would become Arizona 's 36th right .
The state 's 35 constitutional rights include the right to petition and assemble , right to bear arms and the right to a trial by jury .
Ten states include hunting and fishing rights in their constitutions .
In Arizona , a similar bill failed two years ago .
It was opposed by the Arizona Game and Fish Commission and environmental groups .
National Rifle Association lobbyist Matt Dogali said this time , the group is working with the Arizona Game and Fish Department and other groups with a vested interest to find wording everyone can support .
But he said that while the wording will likely change , the overall intent will not .
" We are seeking constitutional recognition of people 's right in Arizona to have access to land to both hunt and fish , " he said .
He said the resolution would not change the state 's ability to allow the Game and Fish Department to regulate hunting and fishing .
" As it is right now , Game and Fish sets most of the rules , " Dogali said .
" We do n't have a problem with that . "
Dogali said the resolution is not in response to any threat to hunting and fishing rights in the state , but to preempt them in the future .
He said this resolution is one piece of an effort to assure Arizonans continue to have access to state land and other open space .
" We recognize that cities grow , and as they grow , they try to annex land where they can , " he said .
" But at the same time , we want to make sure there is recreation land , fishing areas and hunting areas available so the state of Arizona 100 years from now will continue to have those activities available . "
The Arizona Game and Fish Commission has not taken a position on the resolution , spokesman Tom Cadden said .
" At this point the ( Arizona Game and Fish ) department is still in the process of analyzing the bill , " he said .
The Sierra Club opposes it .
Grand Canyon Chapter director Sandy
Bahr said they believe resolution takes science and wildlife experts out of the mix when it comes to wildlife management , giving the state Legislature the authority to make decisions that had previously been made by the game and fish commission .
" If you look at the language , it refers to the Legislature as having the exclusive authority , " Bahr said .
" I would say the last entity we want managing wildlife is the Legislature .
Most of them know very little about wildlife issues .
Having them decide bag limits on hunting is ludicrous . "
She said the bill would put the politics back into wildlife management , and offered an example .
" Say the biologist in Game and Fish said , ' We recommend a 45 - day break from hunting in this area while we recover the prairie dog population and so they can raise their young , ' " she said .
" The way this is written , Game and Fish could n't do that .
It would be the exclusive authority of the Legislature to go get a bill . "
Bahr said she also is concerned the resolution makes hunting the preferred way to manage wildlife as opposed to science , and that it would preclude citizen initiatives to protect a species .
" I have no idea why anyone would support this , " she said .
" It would give the Legislature so much more power .
This has the legislative branch totally infringing on the executive branch . "
When you 're a cat , You 're a cat all the way From your first dead mousie ,
The best place to celebrate the Independence Day – Fourth of July , where else ?
Washington DC .
Here are some of
Share this : LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Email
More
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
Telegram
Skype
WhatsApp
Pocket
Print
Price : $ 259.99
Introduction :
Microcool is an Italian based company that was founded in 2003 to make effective cooling solutions for demanding computer systems .
With this strong emphasis on heat control , the company has released several well - designed lines of cooling products such as chipset coolers , core protective rubber frames and thermally conductive tapes .
One major success for the company has been NorthPole line of chipset coolers , which utilizes a modular design , is extremely quiet and reduces heat very efficiently , making it perfect for many PC users .
Even though Microcool is a company built on cooling , the release of the Banchetto 101 shows us that they are far from limited to any one segment of the market .
This product is the end result of over two years of development to create a light - weight , open and transparent case that is perfect of modifiers and PC Professionals .
This open design makes it ideal for users that are constantly changing out their component and do n't want to be restricted by the more closed design of a typical chassis .
In addition to these features the Banchetto 101 also offers some aspects that might not be entirely new , but when combined with Banchetto 's design make them quite unique .
These include the ability to choose from multiple water - cooling setups that fit directly to the case and a removable motherboard tray that will make installation much easier .
One thing I can't get by without mentioning above all the features listed is the look of the case .
With the clear design highlighting the installed hardware and chrome accents it is extremely appealing to the eyes and is the reason behind the name Banchetto , which is the Italian word for feast .
Closer Look :
The Microcool Banchetto 101 comes packaged in a black cube - shaped box that is consistent in size for a case of this sort .
The front and back of the packaging show an image of the case , with the images being relative to the direction it is actually facing within the packaging .
Directly in front of these images is the Banchetto 101 logo with the slogan " a new style for your PC " under the logo .
Both these panels have a nice clean look and give an interesting top and bottom view of the 101 .
Turning to the side of the packaging you will find some of the listed information about the case .
The info comes in the form of listed specifications , a explanation about the case in multiple languages and an image of the Banchetto in use .
This image shows two large HD3870 graphics cards being used on the table , showcasing its ability to not be hindered by the size of some of the larger products on the market .
The last panel simply has the company 's name on it and a large ' Z ' like line stretching across the panel .
The side is actually where you will open the packaging and the ' Z ' shape functions as a seam that can be opened and closed , securing to the box with Velcro .
With the Banchetto 101 out of the box you can see that it comes almost entirely encased in Styrofoam .
With such a large area of the case protected it makes it much more secure during transit and should prevent the case from damage prior to removing it from the Styrofoam .
The accessories that come with the case are actually found within the Styrofoam and include around sixty thumb screws , seven stands that are used to secure rear expansion cards in place and the installation guide .
The included screws come with two different threads , with one thread being used to install add - on components and the other to secure the cases modular bays in place .
Now that we have everything unpacked , let 's move on and see what the Banchetto 101 has to offer .
The Perl 6 project , which aimed to radically reinvent the open source programming language , first began to take shape in 2000 .
A decade later , there are several implementations with varying levels of completeness , but it is still not ready to replace Perl 5 in production environments .
In order to ensure that Perl does n't completely stagnate during the protracted revamp , a group of developers have decided to pull Perl 5 out of maintenance mode and begin actively enhancing it with new features .
The result is Perl 5.12 , which was officially released this week .
It was preceded by 5.11 , an experimental development release that was issued last year .
" Perl 5 core development was in a downward spiral for a couple of years .
Releases happened less and less frequently , the number of contributors dropped and the general outlook was getting worse and worse .
...
Sure , bug fixes and changes that did n’t break binary compatibility were published as 5.8.x maintenance releases .
But any other enhancements to the codebase were effectively unavailable to the public user .
... Nobody knew [ when Perl 6 development started ] that even 10 years later Perl 6 would be in no position to replace Perl 5 for the vast majority of its users , " wrote ActiveState 's Jan Dubois , explaining the previous state of Perl 5 in a blog entry .
" But with all the focused activities directed at releasing Perl 5.12 people have returned to core Perl development again . "
The underlying narrative behind Perl 6 has largely changed , and it is increasingly characterized by its supporters as a parallel project rather than the next iteration of Perl .
With that transition came a need to reinvigorate Perl 5 development .
One the most significant enhancements is the new pluggable keywords feature , which allows extension modules to tap into the Perl parser and add new keywords to the language .
This could be especially useful for building domain - specific programming languages that can be embedded directly in Perl code .
The feature is still considered to be experimental , however , and the developers warn that the API could potentially be changed in the future .
Anticipating what could be a very long wait for Perl 6 , the Perl 5 developers have overhauled the date functions in 5.12 so that it can handle dates that are further in the future than 2038 .
A number of minor features were also added , including the awesomely named Yadda Yadda operator , which does n't actually do anything — it 's a placeholder , sort of like Python 's " pass " statement .
In addition to issuing a new release , the developers are also transitioning to a time - based release cycle with new development versions available every month .
They are aiming to release the next major stable version , Perl 5.14 , in approximately one year .
In a message on the developer mailing list , release manager Jesse Vincent announced the 5.12 release and discussed the new development cycle .
He says that Perl 5.12 is ready for deployment in production environments .
" Perl 5.12.0 represents approximately two years of development since version 5.10.0 and contains over 750,000 lines of changes across over 3,000 files from over 200 authors and committers , " he wrote .
" Based on extensive testing over the past 3 months , we believe that Perl 5.12.0 is ready for production deployments . "
The new version is available for download from the CPAN website .
For a detailed overview of the new functionality , you can refer to the official release notes .
[ Note that I ’m making liberal use of the Twitter hashtag # DEBill in place of “ Digital Economy Bill ” — if you want to keep up to speed on this I encourage you to do the same … ]
So it seems that the UK ’s Digital Economy Bill is now all but certain to be passed into law .
From all accounts the critical second reading was a pretty poor showing for democracy — literally , as just a handful of Britain ’s 600 - plus MPs were there to debate it .
TorrentFreak laments that this is the beginning of the end for online file sharing .
I ’m not so sure ; in fact , I ’ll go a step further and submit that the blowback from DEBill will extend far beyond the realm of first - tier digital activism .
Here are the first four consequences that come to mind :
I. Pirates will burrow deeper underground .
Pretty much a given , right ?
Technology moves faster than any government ( or big media cartel ) and those in the know are already prepared to flip the switch and disappear off the grid , where they ’ll be exponentially harder to find .
So much for that .
II .
Britain will be punished .
I do n’t mean a distributed attack , per se — although that ’s already been proposed by a devious user of Digg .
What I mean is that connected travellers might give second thought to visiting the UK in the first place .
Let ’s face it , Britain is n’t exactly the cheapest place for a holiday to begin with , and if you could n’t use the WiFi at your bed & breakfast because the owners would be liable for what you were doing online would n’t you at least consider a stay somewhere else ?
As a real - world example , I myself nixed on a trip to Dubai in 2007 for a destination where uploads to Flickr were n’t blocked .
III .
Users will fight back .
Passing DEBill right before an election is called might well end up biting a few guilty parties in the ass .
A comprehensive list of how MPs voted has already been published , along with a way to check if yours even bothered to show up .
The UK Pirate Party is certainly primed to enjoy a surge in popularity , and at the very least the Open Rights Group stands to gain a lot of new members and support .
IV .
We ’ll get our media elsewhere , thanks .
This would be my favourite outcome by far .
If the Brits formerly known as file sharers would collectively boycott big media dreck and put their hard - earned cash behind projects like Pioneer One instead I would be thrilled — and the innovative artists creating such things would be pretty happy too , I imagine .
You could also bankroll your own artistic endeavours if you wanted to …
At any rate , it ’s pretty obvious DEBill will do more harm than good — just maybe not in the ways imagined by those pulling the strings .
What do you think ?
Eleven days after losing his home to foreclosure , Jorge , a Napa construction worker , received an ominous letter in the mail .
It said he still owed $ 78,000 on his home 's second loan .
" I was afraid and felt pressured , " said Jorge , who asked that his last name be withheld because he is embarrassed about his situation .
" I called them to say I had already lost the house in a foreclosure , " he said , speaking in Spanish through a translator .
" They told me it does n't matter , you have to pay the money anyway . "
Jorge 's experience is being mirrored elsewhere .
Debt collectors are starting to hound people who lost their homes to foreclosures or short sales over their second mortgages .
In California , a foreclosure generally wipes out the borrowers ' obligation on the main mortgage but not necessarily on other home loans .
" We 've seen a lot of folks coming to us , saying , ' I was foreclosed on , now these people say I owe $ 150,000 for my second loan ; I thought everything was going to go away , what do I do now ? ' " said Noah Zinner , an attorney with Housing & Economic Rights Advocates in Oakland .
Some experts think the trend will accelerate , causing foreclosure pain to linger .
" I think the other shoe is going to drop soon , " said Shannon Jones , a real estate attorney in Danville who gets several calls a day from people concerned about their liabilities post - foreclosure .
" In the next two years we will see a huge volume of ( debt collection on ) second loans .
We 're seeing a number of lenders start filing suit or turn them over to collection companies . "
California is a nonrecourse state , meaning lenders cannot pursue borrowers for unpaid balances on home - purchase loans .
However , home loans not used for the purchase - home equity lines of credit and second loans taken out after purchase - are recourse loans , which means lenders are legally entitled to collect the unpaid balance .
Depending on the type of loan , they have four to six years to pursue borrowers , Jones said .
Pursuing borrower
Refinanced mortgages do become recourse loans , but in California a nonjudicial foreclosure - the most common kind - eliminates the borrower 's liability to the lender that carried out the foreclosure , which is generally the main lender .
A second lender for a nonpurchase loan , however , still has " recourse , " or the right to pursue the borrower .
In Jorge 's case , he took out the second loan to buy his house , so it is nonrecourse debt , and he can not be sued for the unpaid balance .
A debt collector can , however , ask him to pay " voluntarily . "
Class action planned
For several months , Jorge continued to receive letters and phone calls from both his bank and a debt collector asking him to pay .
" The servicer says there is nothing that prohibits the borrower from voluntarily paying us , " Zinner said .
" There is no question it 's sneaky , but it 's not illegal for them to do that .
If they were to threaten to sue , that would clearly be illegal . "
" I suspect they 're just dealing with volume , " said Maeve Elise Brown , executive director of the Oakland group .
" ( Debt collectors ) buy the debt for 10 cents on the dollar and figure they 'll browbeat a certain percentage of homeowners into paying them , whether the money is lawfully due or not . "
Housing & Economic Rights Advocates has partnered with attorney Will Kennedy of Santa Clara to represent Jorge and plans to pursue a class - action case on behalf of other borrowers with nonrecourse loans whose lenders dunned them for that debt .
" Many people are in Jorge 's situation and do n't realize they 're under no obligation to make any more payments after a foreclosure , " Kennedy said .
Loans after purchase
But millions of borrowers do have recourse loans that they took out after purchase , which means lenders have a legal right to pursue them for unpaid balances .
In California during the boom real estate years - 2005 to 2007 - homeowners took out 2.88 million home equity lines of credit and 1.18 million nonpurchase second loans , according to First American CoreLogic , which tracks loan data .
The total was 4 million such recourse loans totaling $ 485.3 billion .
Some experts think lenders may pick whom to pursue by probing defaulted borrowers ' net worth .
Rick Harper , director of housing at Consumer Credit Counseling Services of San Francisco , which staffs the federal HOPE for Homeowners hot line , said his workers tell borrowers who are considering default that their second loans could make them liable to debt collection .
" Depending on what the holder of that note wants to do , it can make their ( the borrowers ' ) life miserable , " he said .
" Most of the ( lenders ) do an asset test to see if there 's anything there .
They can run credit reports , use investigative services , get their hands on the applications they used when they applied for a loan . "
Applications for loan modifications and short sales also require disclosure of assets .
Banks check assets
At Wells Fargo , Mary Berg , a spokeswoman for the Home Equity Group , said in an e-mail : " On a case - by - case basis , after a review of the borrower 's situation , we do sometimes pursue deficiency balances in states that allow this type of activity .
We only pursue deficiency judgments if we determine that the borrower has the ability to repay the entire or a portion of the balance . "
Wells , Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase hold the lion 's share of U.S. second liens , according to Inside Mortgage Finance .
BofA has $ 147 billion , Wells $ 124 billion and Chase $ 118 billion , it says .
Chase wrote off about $ 4.6 billion in home equity loans in 2009 , and has said it expects to write off up to $ 5.6 billion of the loans this year .
Chase declined to comment .
BofA did not return requests for comment .
Jones , the Danville real estate attorney , said she 's turned down some second - loan clients .
For instance , one Bay Area man had borrowed $ 52,000 on a home equity line of credit for a home that ended up in foreclosure .
" The lender filed suit against him and he asked me to defend him , " she said .
" I said , ' You do n't have a defense .
You borrowed the money , you spent the money .
You signed a promissory note and said you would pay it back . ' "
Often , such borrowers end up settling with the lender for pennies on the dollar , Jones said .
" You can't get blood from a turnip , " she said .
Bankruptcy option
Margot Saunders , an attorney with the National Consumer Law Center , said bankruptcy may be the best option for some people to wipe out liability for their second loans .
" People with a second mortgage who are facing foreclosure should go to bankruptcy to get rid of the unsecured second - mortgage note , " she said .
" They should do it as soon as they 're foreclosed upon , because that 's when they 're at rock - bottom , not when they 've started to rebuild ( their finances ) . "
Other attorneys said borrowers should try to discharge their second liens before a foreclosure or short sale by offering the lender a percentage of the amount due .
Home Affordable Modification Program , the government 's foreclosure - prevention plan , recently added provisions encouraging lenders to settle or modify second loans .
If adopted by lenders , that could help people who lose their homes in the future avoid pursuit by debt collectors , but it wo n't do anything for the millions who already lost their homes in recent years .
" It will be hard for people in our state to start over again , if they sometimes lawfully and sometimes unlawfully end up getting pursued for pretty significant - sized debt , " Brown said .
data - accessor is a package that makes records not suck .
Instead of this code :
newRecord = record {field = newVal}
You can write this :
newRecord = field ^= newVal $ record
In particular , ( field ^= newVal ) is now a value , not a bit of extra syntax , that you can treat as a first - class citizen .
I came across this module while attempting to use Chart ( of criterion fame ) to graph some data .
I did n't recognize it at first , though ; it was only after playing around with code samples did I realize that ^= was not a combinator that Chart had invented for its own use ( as opposed to the potpourri of --> , <+> , ||| and friends you might see in an xmonad.hs ) .
When utilized with Template Haskell , Data .
Accessor represents something of a replacement for the normal record system , and so it 's useful to know when a module speaks this other language .
Signs that you 're in a module using Data .
Accessor :
Use of the ^= operator in code samples
operator in code samples
All of the records have underscores suffixed , such as plot_lines_title_
Template Haskell gobbledygook ( including type variables that look like x[ acGI ] , especially in the " real " accessors that Template Haskell generated ) .
, especially in the " real " accessors that Template Haskell generated ) .
Unqualified T data types floating around .
( As Brent Yorgey tells me , this is a Henning - ism in which he will define a type T or typeclass C intended to be used only with a qualified import , but Haddock throws away this information .
You can use :t in GHC to get back this information if you 're not sure . )
Once you 've identified that a module is indeed using Data .
Accessor , you 've won most of the battle .
Here is a whirlwind tutorial on how to use records that use data - accessor .
Interpreting types .
An accessor ( represented by the type Data .
Accessor .
T r a ) is defined to be a getter ( r -> a ) and setter ( a -> r -> r ) .
r is the type of the record , and a is the type of the value that can be retrieved or set .
If Template Haskell was used to generate the definitions , polymorphic types inside of a and r will frequently be universally quantified with type variables that x[ acGI ] , do n't worry too much about them ; you can pretend they 're normal type variables .
For the curious , these are generated by the quotation monad in Template Haskell ) .
Accessing record fields .
The old way :
fieldValue = fieldName record
You can do things several ways with Data .
Accessor :
fieldValue = getVal fieldname record fieldValue = record ^. fieldname
Setting record fields .
The old way :
newRecord = record {fieldName = newValue}
The new ways :
newRecord = setVal fieldName newValue record newRecord = fieldName ^= newValue $ record
Accessing and setting sub - record fields .
The old ways :
innerValue = innerField ( outerField record ) newRecord = record { outerField = ( outerField record ) { innerField = newValue } }
The new ways ( this is bit reminiscent of semantic editor combinators ) :
innerValue = getVal ( outerField .> innerField ) record newRecord = setVal ( outerField .> innerField ) newValue record
There are also functions for modifying records inside the state monad , but I 'll leave those explanations for the Haddock documentation .
Now go forth and , erm , access your data in style !
The American financial industry has become too big for its britches .
And that bloated growth has not contributed much to the real economy in the past two decades , some economists hold .
Indeed , it is " making the mainstream economy harder to function , " says Ann Lee , a finance professor at New York University .
Before the financial crisis , a huge portion of Wall Street had become a kind of giant casino , with traders raking in huge profits at the expense of investors such as pension funds , mutual funds , etc. Instead of just taking savers ' bank deposits and loaning them to business for productive activity , financial firms were creating trillions of dollars of shaky financial paper – derivatives – that provided rich fees to reward the paper pushers .
" A hundred trillion [ dollars ] of worthless activity , " says Ms. Lee .
Already by the late 1990s , total borrowing by the financial sector was high by historical standards : equivalent to 54 percent of the gross domestic product , the nation 's output of goods and services .
By 2007 , the borrowing amounted to 117 percent of GDP , notes Jane D'Arista , an expert at the Political Economy Research Institute , a unit of the University of Massachusetts , Amherst .
Then the financial house of cards collapsed .
" We had a run on the financial sector by the financial sector , " says Ms. D'Arista .
Just as depositors may withdraw money suddenly if they fear their bank is n't sound , Wall Street firms no longer trusted one another .
Too much bad investment went unreported on the balance sheets of financial institutions .
Their books were too opaque .
Something similar happened in Britain .
Some of the financial industry 's growth was illusory , according to Mervyn King , governor of the Bank of England .
Like former Fed Chairman Paul Volcker and President Obama , he has called for splitting up big banks .
He says they should break off their higher - risk trading and investment banking wings from their government - guaranteed , deposit - taking business .
Lee approves of that proposal .
But she does n't believe the industry will be sufficiently cut down to size by the Obama administration 's proposed pinprick tax .
It wants to impose a 0.15 percent levy on the financial conglomerates ' debts ( not counting their deposits ) .
" It 's hardly enough to change structurally what is wrong , " she says .
Mr. Obama 's references to finance in his State of the Union message amounted to " a lot of hot air , " she says .
" Where are all the details ? "
The former hedge - fund employee wants regulators to limit the leverage of investment banks .
Instead of being able to borrow and invest 30 or 40 times their owned capital , they should be limited to perhaps 12 times their capital , she says .
Nor does she see tougher regulation of big US banks as endangering their competitive position internationally .
China , she notes , separates commercial banking from investment banking , as was done ( in theory ) in the United States until the repeal of the Glass - Steagall Act in 1999 .
In general , Wall Street advocates argue that some speculation is needed to provide market " liquidity " – enough buyers and sellers to move large quantities of stocks and bonds quickly when an order is received .
Conservatives , wary of more regulation , also tend to support the status quo .
Lee , however , maintains that the five " too big to fail " US banks have such a large proportion of buying and selling orders that their traders have an unfair information advantage in the market .
There is not enough competition .
• David R. Francis writes a weekly column .
Tamoxifen is given to most women with breast cancer UK scientists say they have discovered why some women fail respond to breast cancer treatment , and it is a gene error they believe they can fix .
Tamoxifen is given to most women diagnosed with breast cancer to prevent the cancer returning .
But not all women respond to the drug - experts estimate a third get no benefit .
The work in the journal Cancer Research suggests the problem is too much of a gene called FGFR1 .
This discovery could lead to new treatments for these women as scientists " switch off " the action of FGFR1 , enabling Tamoxifen to work .
The team of scientists in the Breakthrough Breast Cancer Research Centre at The Institute of Cancer Research have already shown this is possible in the lab .
They introduced a drug which " switched off " the action of FGFR1 .
Once FGFR1 was stopped , hormone - based treatments like Tamoxifen could get back to work in destroying cancer cells , they found .
The researchers believe this could ultimately help thousands of women each year .
They say one in 10 breast cancer patients has too much of the FGFR1 gene .
Dr Nick Turner , who led the research , said : " Understanding how this gene can cause Tamoxifen resistance reveals a new drug target for treating breast cancers in patients who would otherwise have a poor outcome .
" There are a number of drugs in development that stop FGFR1 working , and clinical studies are investigating whether these drugs work against cancers with too many copies of this gene .
" The next step is to set up a clinical trial to see whether a drug that blocks the action of this gene can counteract hormone therapy resistance in breast cancer patients .
" If these trials confirm our lab work we could be on the verge of a potentially exciting new treatment for breast cancer . "
Dr Lesley Walker of Cancer Research UK , the charity which helped fund the work , said : " Cracking the problem of resistance to treatments such as Tamoxifen would be a major advance in treating breast cancer . "
Breast cancer is the most common cancer in the UK affecting more than 45,500 women each year .
Tamoxifen blocks the female sex hormone oestrogen that fuels the growth of some breast tumours .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
TORONTO , On - February 12 , 2010 - Giving chocolates to your Valentine on February 14th may help lower their risk of stroke based on a preliminary study from researchers at St. Michael 's Hospital .
The study , which is being presented at the American Academy of Neurology in April , also found that eating chocolate may lower the risk of death after suffering a stroke .
" Though more research is needed to determine whether chocolate is the contributing factor to lowering stroke risk , it is rich in anti-oxidants and that may have a protective effect against stroke , " explains Dr. Gustavo Saposnik , a neurologist at St. Michael 's Hospital .
Chocolate is rich in antioxidants called flavonoids which may help lower the risk of strokes .
Authored by Sarah Sahib , the research analyzed three studies involving chocolate consumption and stroke risk .
One showed there was no association between flavonoid intake and risk of stroke or death .
In contrast , a second study found an association with stroke for chocolate consumption once a week as opposed to none per week .
The third study suggested flavonoid intake from eating chocolate weekly lowered death caused by a stroke .
" We are continuing to investigate the correlation between chocolate and the risk of stroke , " says Dr. Saposnik .
" The preliminary data is interesting but we need to determine whether consumption truly lowers the risk of a stroke or whether the benefit is biased based on those who are on average healthier than the general population when enrolling in a clinical trial . "
###
About St. Michael 's Hospital
St. Michael 's Hospital provides compassionate care to all who walk through its doors .
The Hospital also provides outstanding medical education to future health care professionals in more than 23 academic disciplines .
Critical care and trauma , heart disease , neurosurgery , diabetes , cancer care , and care of the homeless are among the Hospital 's recognized areas of expertise .
Through the Keenan Research Centre and the Li Ka Shing Knowledge Institute , research at St. Michael 's Hospital is recognized and put into practice around the world .
Founded in 1892 , the Hospital is fully affiliated with the University of Toronto .
82 per cent say they depend on God for help and guidance in making decisions ;
71 per cent believe that when good or bad things happen , these occurrences are simply part of God 's plan for them ;
61 per cent believe that God has determined the direction and course of their lives ;
32 per cent agree with the statement : " There is no sense in planning a lot because ultimately my fate is in God 's hands . "
Overall , people who have more education and higher income are less likely to report beliefs in divine intervention .
However , among the well - educated and higher earners , those who are more involved in religious rituals share similar levels of beliefs about divine intervention as their less - educated and less financially
well - off peers .
Most Americans believe
God is concerned with their personal well - being and is directly involved in their personal affairs , according to new research out of the University of Toronto .
Overall , most people believe that God is highly influential in the events and outcomes in their lives .
Specifically : That last statement makes no sense to me .
It seems to mean that " people who believe in God and have an education and have money -> believe in God .
" For a European looking at America 's religious landscape , is there much difference between the USA , Israel and Iran ?
I do n't think science will get totally snuffed out but the science of the Magisterium of Philip Pullman 's " His Dark Materials " is not far away .
Round 2
Let me flesh this out a bit .
As I was bemused by some this , I read the paper Participants were asked : " Even if you might not believe in God , based on your personal understanding , what do you think God is like ? "
[ Do n't you just hate questions like that ! ]
Participants were then asked the extent that they agree or disagree with three statements : " God is removed from my personal affairs , " " God is concerned with my personal well - being " ( reverse - coded ) , and " God is directly involved in my personal affairs " ( reverse - coded ) .
The main aim was to correlate the relative importance of a person 's socio-economic status to their active religious participation and to their belief in the involvement of God in the world .
They had two contrasting theories to evaluate .
One is the " deprivation –compensation " hypothesis which posits that people of a low SES seek solace in religion to make up for their dismal life .
On the other hand the " demythologized beliefs " hypothesis states that high SES people who believe in God would have a more refined set of beliefs that have many of the supernatural myths stripped away from them .
The final results suggest that beliefs in a personal God who acts in the world cuts across SES , and is correlated more with the level of attendance at religious rituals and meetings .
The expected dip in supernatural beliefs in high SES individuals only seems to happen with those who do not regularly take part in some form of religious activity , be it social or private .
When looking at those individuals who do not participate in religious activities there seems to be a more noticeable difference in beliefs .
Low SES people maintain a belief in God whereas High SES individuals tend not to .
In the end , all this really shows is that socio- economic status is a very poor predictor of beliefs .
Population Education uses cookies to improve your experience on our site and help us understand how our site is being used .
By continuing to use the site you consent to our use of cookies and the practices described in our privacy policy
Orbiting 234 Junior Member
Join Date : Mar 2010 Posts : 1
HARDWARE versions with SOFTWARE versions .
The hardware version of your particular trackpad is 5.10 and always will be .
That number will never change !
The OP's is 6.5 and mine is 7.2 .
Does n't mean anything !
The software version of this installation is 15.0.9.0 .
If you 've installed the software , that is all you need to do !
ArcticCheetah : The version installation shows 5.10 not 6.5 as shown above .
I 've uninstalled the synaptics program , rebooted then installed the new driver by double clicking the downloaded file .
Several times in fact , yet the version still shows 5.10 ???
Do I need to manually delete the 5.10 driver to get the 6.5 to install correctly ?
If so how ?
Your help to install these much wanted new gestures is much appreciated .
Thanks .
You are confusingversions withversions .
Theversion of your particular trackpad is 5.10 and always will be .
That number willchange !
The OP's is 6.5 and mine is 7.2 .
Does n't mean anything !
Theversion of this installation is 15.0.9.0 .
If you 've installed the software , that is all you need to do !
The Twin Cities Lisp Users Group meeting for April was last Monday .
The main topic was Web Frameworks , but there were also two shorter talks .
Weblocks Presentation
Patrick Stein gave this presentation at the TC Lispers meeting in April 2010 .
Weblocks on Vimeo .
Allegro Serve and Web Actions Presentation
Robert Goldman gave this presentation at the TC Lispers meeting in April 2010 .
Apology : Unfortunately , ScreenFlow bombed out on me when I went to stop recording .
It subsequently saw that it had a partial project there but was unable to recover it .
As such , there is no video available for this presentation .
Feh . — Patrick
Hunchentoot Presentation
Paul Krueger gave this presentation at the TC Lispers meeting in April 2010 .
Hunchentoot on Vimeo .
Cocoa Lisp Controller Presentation
Paul Krueger gave this presentation at the TC Lispers meeting in April 2010 .
Cocoa Lisp Controller on Vimeo .
CL - Growl Presentation
Patrick Stein gave this presentation at the TC Lispers meeting in April 2010 .
CL - Growl on Vimeo .
One female student , Laura Winwood , said : " As it stands we have not yet been officially informed by college as to the events that took place nor the basis for their decision to take disciplinary action and what form this will take .
Nonetheless there is a great deal of concern amongst some members of the JCR [ Junior Common Room ] . "
The Department of Internal Affairs ' ( DIA ) internet filter is now operational and is being used by internet providers ( ISPs ) Maxnet and Watchdog .
Thomas Beagle , spokesperson for online freedom lobby Tech Liberty says he 's " very disappointed that the filter is now running , it 's a sad day for the New Zealand internet " .
He told Computerworld the filter went live on February 1 but DIA has delayed announcing that until it held a meeting with its Independent Reference Group .
He says he 's disappointed the launch was conducted in such a " stealthy mode " .
The manager of the Department of Internal Affairs ' Censorship Compliance Unit , Steve O'Brien , denies any subterfuge in the launch , saying the trial has been going on for two years and that has been communicated to media for " quite some time " .
" The Independent Reference Group has met and the filter system processes were demonstrated as set out in the code of practice , that is that the website filtering system prevents access to known websites containing images of child sexual abuse , " says O'Brien .
Beagle says the DIA refuses to say which other ISPs will be joining the filter , claiming the right to negotiate in secret .
However , Tech Liberty understands that Telstra Clear , Telecom and Vodafone have said they will implement the filter , with Orcon , Slingshot and Natcom saying that they wo n't .
Vodafone spokesman Paul Brislen says Vodafone took part in the filter trial and is awaiting word from the DIA about the next steps .
The company will likely use the filter , he says , and when it does customers will be informed .
Orcon CEO Scott Bartlett says it is not true to say Orcon will not be taking part .
" We are still working with officials to fully evaluate this and ensure it does n't impact on our customers ' experience , " he says .
O'Brien says there is no compulsion for ISPs to tell their customers their internet service is being filtered .
" It 's a voluntary system and there 's no legislation , " he says , adding he understands the ISPs currently on the system have informed their customers .
David Zanetti , technical spokesperson for Tech Liberty , says he fears the stability of the New Zealand internet will be at risk .
" It is a single point of failure , introduces a new and very tempting target for hackers , and by diverting traffic will cause issues with modern internet applications . "
O'Brien , however , says ISPs are being brought on gradually in a staggered way .
Tech Liberty says it is also concerned about the expansion of government powers represented by the filter .
" It establishes the principle that the government can choose to arbitrarily set up a new censorship scheme and choose which material to block , with no reference to existing law , " the group claims .
TechLiberty says the list of what is filtered is kept secret , in direct contrast to the rest of New Zealand 's censorship regime where the Chief Censor must publish decisions banning offensive material .
O'Brien says the Department is writing to all ISPs advising them that the filter is available to them and they will be brought on gradually .
" We anticipate all major ISPs will embrace this development as they have the many other filters they employ on the internet for a range of purposes .
" The Digital Child Exploitation filter provides them with the means to prevent their customers from accessing these illegal websites , inadvertently or otherwise and will assist in raising awareness of the worldwide problem of child sexual exploitation . "
He says trials over two years showed that the filter does not affect the speed or stability of the internet and participating ISPs are happy with the performance of the system .
Michael Schumacher ' must be out of his mind ' to be making an F1 comeback in 2010 at the age of 41 , and has ' not a hope ' of adding to his extraordinary tally of seven drivers ' world championship crowns - that is the opinion of the man who gave the record - breaking German his initial break in the sport almost two decades ago , Eddie Jordan .
Giving away at least ten years to all of his principal rivals , Schumacher has sensationally returned to the fray with Mercedes Grand Prix this year in an effort to take on the young guns and prove that the ' old man ' can still hack it at the highest level , even into his fifth decade .
On the pace in testing , the early signs are encouraging - although it remains to be seen how the Kerpen native 's fitness withstands the rigours of an intense , 19 - stop calendar , particularly in the wake of the neck injury he sustained in a motorcycling fall at Cartagena in Spain just over a year ago .
However , former team owner Jordan - who handed Schumacher his debut in F1 with his eponymously - named Jordan Grand Prix outfit in the 1991 Belgian Grand Prix at Spa-Francorchamps , with the driver of the green , 7UP - sponsored # 32 entry going on to stun seasoned observers by qualifying a remarkable seventh - contends that the 91 - time grand prix - winner is ' mad ' to risk his glittering reputation should he come off second - best or even worse .
The colourful Irishman - now a BBC F1 pundit - suggests that the most successful driver in top flight history has betrayed one of sport 's golden rules , that of knowing when to walk away and not look back , and fears that ' Schumi ' could wind up ' sad ' and ' rejected ' as a result of his ill - advised enthusiasm to continue to compete .
" If I was his father I would have said to him , ' Son , why ?
Why ?!' "
Jordan remarked during a special BBC pre-season discussion .
" Seven times a world champion - he must be out of his mind !
In life , you - as an individual with that sporting legacy - have to give your sport up , not the sport give you up , and he 's putting himself in that position .
" He 's heading into a situation where he could become a sad , rejected man if he gets whipped - although he wo n't get whipped because he 's that good .
Can he win a race ?
Yes .
Why should he do it ?
He 's mad .
Title ?
Not a hope . "
Erdogan 's comments will further deepen mistrust
Turkey 's Prime Minister has described Israel as the " main threat to peace " in the Middle East .
Recep Tayyip Erdogan was speaking during a visit to Paris .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu responded saying he regretted Turkey 's " repeated attacks " on Israel .
Relations between the two countries have been worsening since the Israeli incursion into the Gaza Strip in 2009 , made worse by a recent diplomatic row .
Mr Erdogan was speaking to journalists before meeting the French President Nicolas Sarkozy .
" It is Israel that is the main threat to regional peace , " he said .
" If a country uses disproportionate force , in Palestine , in Gaza , uses phosphorus bombs we are not going to say ' well done . ' "
Both Israel and Hamas , which control the Gaza Strip , have been accused by the UN of war crimes during the 22 - day offensive in December 2008 and January 2009 .
Humiliation
Mr Netanyahu said he regretted the Turkish prime minister 's comments .
The Turkish envoy was made to sit lower than the Israeli deputy minister
" We are interested in good relations with Turkey and regret that Mr Erdogan chooses time after time to attack Israel , " he told reporters in Israel .
The countries have been allies in the past .
But earlier this week , the Turkish ambassador to Israel was recalled by Ankara , weeks after being humiliated in public by the Israeli deputy foreign minister .
Ambassador Oguz Celikkol was called into the Israeli foreign ministry in January and rebuked over a Turkish television series that showed Israeli intelligence agents kidnapping children .
Mr Celikkol was made to sit on a low chair while being lectured by Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon .
Mr Ayalon later apologised for the rebuke .
Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman has compared Mr Erdogan to Presidents Hugo Chavez of Venezuela and Libya 's leader Muammar Gaddafi .
VATICAN CITY ( Reuters ) - A top Vatican official on Monday told Irish bishops in Rome for talks with Pope Benedict on the Irish Church ’s vast pedophilia scandal that clergy who had sinned must admit blame for “ abominable acts . ”
Vatican State Secretary Italian Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone ( C ) leads a mass for Irish bishops in front of Saint Peter 's tomb at the Vatican February 15 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Osservatore Romano
The message came in the sermon of a mass in St Peter ’s Basilica shortly before the bishops started two days of crisis talks with the pope to formulate a response to the revelations of abuse by clergy that have shaken devoutly Catholic Ireland .
“ Yes , storms spark fear , even those that rock the boat of the church because of the sins of its members , ” Vatican Secretary of State Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , number two in the Vatican hierarchy , told the bishops .
Bertone said trials within the church “ are naturally harder and more humiliating ” particularly when “ men of the church were involved in such particularly abominable acts . ”
The meetings , the first of their kind at the Vatican in eight years , will discuss a plan of action and could lead to more prelates resigning in a shakeup of the Irish church hierarchy .
Four have already quit .
Benedict , the 24 Irish bishops and top Vatican officials will hold three sessions in response to outrage in Ireland over the Murphy Commission Report , a damning indictment of child sex abuse by priests .
Bertone said God ’s mercy could “ pull one out of the deepest abyss ” but “ only if the sinner recognizes his blame in full truth . ”
CHURCH “ OBSESSIVELY ” HID ABUSE
The report , published in November , said the church in Ireland had “ obsessively ” concealed child abuse in the Dublin archdiocese from 1975 to 2004 , and operated a policy of “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell . ”
It said all Dublin bishops in charge during the period under study had been aware of some complaints , but the archdiocese had been more preoccupied with protecting the reputation of the church than safeguarding children .
Four bishops have offered their resignations and the pope has so far accepted one .
Victims ’ group
One in Four called on other bishops throughout Ireland who had engaged in a “ culture of cover - up ” to step down .
The bishops handed the pope a letter from another victims ’ group , the Irish Survivors of Child Abuse , which asked him to investigate how Christ ’s teaching had been “ so flagrantly abrogated over many decades . ”
It urged him to help bring perpetrators of abuse or its cover - up to civil justice and to set up a commission “ to examine all aspects of the historical misconduct ” of Irish religious orders and priests who betrayed their sacred vows .
Victims ’ groups said they would seek monetary compensation , which could lead to a financial crisis for the Irish Church .
In the U.S. Church , hit by a similar scandal in 2002 , seven dioceses have filed for bankruptcy protection in the wake of thousands of sex abuse claims against priests .
The Vatican said in December the pope would write to the Irish people about the crisis -- the first time a pontiff will have devoted a document solely to clergy ’s abuse of children .
The pope has strongly condemned such abuse during his trips to two countries hard hit by scandals -- the United States and Australia .
In December , he expressed his “ outrage , betrayal and shame ” over the Irish case .
But critics say the Vatican and the church have not gone far enough in handing over suspected abusers to civil justice .
The current archbishop of Dublin , Diarmuid Martin , who took over after the period covered by the report , said he expected “ a very significant reorganization ” of the Irish church .
The church ’s prominent role in Irish life was one of the reasons abuses were allowed to go unchecked , the report said .
One priest admitted abusing more than 100 children .
Another said he had abused children every two weeks for over 25 years .
The Life Of An OCD Blogger – Guest Post by Hulbert Lee
By Hulbert Lee
In this exact moment , 99 % of me tells me that what I ’m about to tell you is false .
But 1 % of me tells me that what I ’m about to tell you is the truth .
I hope , by the time you finish reading this , you can accept the latter .
The 99 % of me that tells me to stop is the side of me that I know is irrational ; but even when I know of this , it is the side that I have given into for most of my life – a side where the fine line between rationality and irrationality , between the truth and the lies , and between what makes sense and what does n’t make sense no longer exists .
If you ever came across me , you might think that I ’m just another normal human being that lives a normal life , but I know that inside there ’s something that I have to deal with everyday in my mind that others out there do n’t have to face or feel restricted by in order to live life freely .
This is an obsessive addiction that I have , also known as OCD .
Test # 1 : The 1 – 10 Numbers Game
Most people who ’ve seen people with OCD act out might think they ’re crazy , but there ’s always a story behind how they were brought up .
I ’ve always been a firm believer that our thoughts are real , and if you constantly repeat the thoughts in your head like a ritual , one day you will be a believer in them .
1…2…3 …
When I was younger , I was really into science fiction .
I was told that a tripod has 3 legs .
If 1 or 2 of those legs were to collapse , then the tripod would fall and die .
I imagined myself being the controller of the tripod , knowing that if I were to survive , I would need 3 legs .
If 1 or 2 legs were cut off , it would be the end of me .
3 was a safe number .
( 1 , 2 unsafe ; 3 , safe )
… 4 …
In Chinese culture , the number four or “ shi ” means death .
My mom would always enforce me to stay away from this number at all costs because it was an unlucky and bad number .
She even went as far as to suspend getting my license for a year because the ID number that I got began with 444 … meaning that if I were to ever drive a car , something misfortunate might have happened to me on the road like getting in a car accident .
But mom… it ’s just a number … ( 4 unsafe )
…5 …
Five is a safe number .
It ’s the last number of the first ½ of 10 symbolizing it ’s completeness for that half .
( 5 safe )
… 6 …
In American religious culture , I ’ve learned that the number 666 is associated with Satan or “ The Number of the Beast ” .
Images of fire , torture , or shrieks run across my mind .
( 6 unsafe )
… 7 …
Seven is a lucky number , as in lucky number 7 . ( 7 safe )
…8 …
Eight is the 3rd number , 3 representing the legs of a tripod , of the second ½ of a completed set of 10 .
( 8 safe )
…9 …
Nine is a symbol of incompletion , or something that is not completed all the way giving anxiety .
( 9 unsafe )
… 10
Ten is a completed number .
( 10 safe )
These are the numbers 1 through 10 , each number consisting of its own meaning .
I feel most safe with the numbers 3 and 7 , as they are my default numbers .
None of this makes sense to me .
My mind tells me that none of this seems rational , but my emotions tell me that everything is rational and is going as planned .
My daily routine consists of utilizing these safe numbers in all actions that I do or tragedy may occur to me in the near future .
These actions include , but are not limited to , the number of times opening or closing the door before entering the room to write , the number of times it takes to open and close the laptop cover before turning the computer on , the number of times the computer is turned on and off before opening up word processor , the number of times word processor is opened and closed before beginning to type , and the number of times the cursor blinks before typing the first letter .
Test # 2 : Physical Contaminations
If I am lucky enough to perfectly pass the above process , then I must start being aware of what I call , “ physical contaminations ” .
This means that nothing in any way , shape , or form that I feel is contaminated ( germs ) must touch my hands before I type , as any work that I produce may contaminate the person who receives my work , and I will be the one to blame .
To prevent this from happening , frequent washing of the hands has been part of my daily ritual .
I tell myself that hopefully today will be a good day .
A good day consists of washing my hands around 20 times , while a bad day may consists of washing my hands around 40 times .
Sometimes I tell myself that it ’s okay ; I ’m sure other people out there also wash their hands around 20 to 40 times a day .
But when I look at the tops of my hands and see the parts of my skin between my fingers that are dry , ashy and cracked from excessive washing , it tell me otherwise .
Every physical thing is linked together in the mind of a person with OCD .
We think in very irrational ways that logically make sense to us .
The piece of hair on the table that my hands accidently touches will transfer the germs from the hair piece to my hands and if I use my hands to staple an essay , the germs will transfer from my hands to the stapler , to the staple , to the essay , and if the essay is handed to the professor , the germs will be transferred from the essay to the professor , and if the professor happens to give me a grade of an A on the assignment , the germs will be transferred from professor to the grade , causing the grade to be contaminated and my thoughts to be contaminated when I see the grade on the paper handed back to me again , thinking maybe it would have been better if I had gotten a B .
This is process is similar to what it feels like to send out every important email , document , attachment , guest post , or anything else that requires me to hit “ Send ” .
Something that takes 0.5 seconds to click may end up taking me 5 minutes to click , leaving me helpless , hopeless , and paralyzed in fear of making any mistakes .
Test # 3 : Mental Contaminations
When I ’ve successfully handled test 1 and test 2 , there ’s still one test that I ’ve labeled test 3 which happens on rare occasions .
They are what I call , “ mental contaminations . ”
In the physical world , the germs on my hands can make a document I ’m typing feel contaminated .
I ’m linking germs to a document .
But when we begin to link our thoughts to different thoughts that link to our feelings and emotions , this is when things start to get a little crazy and out of control .
For example , if you ’re a person who spends a lot of time on the computer , you ’ll realize that there may often times be “ split second ” actions that appear on the computer screen monitor in various ways which you might not understand why .
If you look closely and are more aware of when you ’re on , you may also find that there may be parts of the computer screen that flash so quickly , or text and icons that blink so fast that do n’t significantly mean anything , except how the computer runs .
Just like the meaning in numbers , these split second moments , if not caught , will feel like splinters in my thoughts .
You become obsessed .
Your emotions start to build up with more moment a little bit each time .
Every little thing that happens on the computer starts to have some sort of meaning behind it .
And those splinter - like thoughts contain so much force behind them , that even though they have happened in the past , they become linked to the thoughts of the future .
When a day goes by where you happen to be off guard at times , unconscious of what ’s going on , inside the thousands of thoughts you have in your mind , there may be many that contain contaminated ones that somehow find a way to link onto every other thought .
This starts to become a network or a web of irrational thoughts that start to appear rational , of thoughts where lies start to seem like the truth , or of thoughts where things do n’t make any sense start to make sense for the wrong reasons .
The anxiety interspersed with fear and worry has made your body so tense , that even when the world is in constant motion , you feel paralyzed in a state where taking the smallest actions feel like they are impossible to carry out .
The Final Grade
You ’re probably wondering why I go through this type of pain every day .
You ’re not alone .
I ask myself daily why I go through this and sometimes I look at other people and I find them lucky to not have to go through this type of stuff which I tell myself is “ normal ” .
When you spend a lot of time in forums , you often hear a lot of people complaining about how their life sucks because they have n’t made a dime in blogging or they feel depressed because blogging is hard .
They do n’t understand that they are grateful to be able to write from a neutral state of emotions and thoughts .
Even though I ’m a pretty calm person in real life , there are times where I have to stop myself from getting too excited because I know my OCD will start taking over if I ’m not unconscious of what ’s going on .
There are limits and restrictions that are difficult to deal with , and if I had the chance to write freely without having to worry about this stuff , life would be easier .
It makes me I feel like giving up .
But I do n’t .
I know I have a choice .
I can just stop and get it over with .
But I keep going , and the reason is simply because I love writing .
I ’ve been writing for all of my life .
Since I was younger , I ’d always have journals with me writing down what I feel and what I think .
It is my way of coping and healing .
I understand that I ’m not the only one in this world with problems , and I also understand that other people may find me crazy for my actions .
But what ’s most important is that I understand there are times where other people go through certain pains in life that could be something similar to mine , or something that I do n’t understand myself .
Writing is a way to show others , “ Hey , you ’re not alone .
You suffer from pain and this is how I suffer as well . ”
It ’s a way of expression , of transparency , of connecting .
Nobody is perfect and everybody has their own story of difficulties or struggles , as I have shown mine here .
When I look at other people ’s problems before me – the people who have risen to the top despite their own difficulties – I realize how miniscule mine are in comparison .
I love to write , but I love to learn about other people ’s stories , whether it ’s overcoming their biggest obstacle in life or what they ’ve done to influence the world in a better way .
It ’s a tidbit of a person ’s life , that little story about themselves that puts the reader in the person ’s mind , letting them experience what it feels like to be in the person ’s shoes for 10 minutes or so , that makes writing worthwhile .
OCD may be the greatest battle that I have , but instead of seeing it as a struggle , I see it as a test – a test that tells me that if you love what you do enough , nothing out there can stop you , not even OCD .
So far , I think I ’m doing pretty good .
About the Author :
Hulbert Lee is a writer who writes about the rising stories of influential people .
He enjoys sharing stories and ideas to help people overcome their own obstacles as well as to help them grow as individuals .
His favorite food is pudding .
If you have a chance , visit his blog at FromBottomUp.com .
If you liked this post , please Subscribe To The RSS feed .
And if you liked the post , you ’ll love the newsletter .
View Transcript
Transcript
The Boss says , " Dilbert , explain to Logan the technical issue in terms he can understand . "
Dilbert says , " Sure .
What 's his comprehension level ?
Are we talking human , squirrel or anvil ? "
The Boss says , " Which one am I ? " Dilbert says , " Do n't make this awkward . "
The Boss says , " Did the squirrel go to a community college ? "
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Despite security software , patches and updates , your computer remains threatened by attack and takeover from hackers and cyber - criminals who will turn your PC into their networked robot -- or " bot " -- creating mischief to mayhem by everything from spreading spam to looting bank accounts .
" Today 's computer operating systems are thoroughly penetrated and unfixable , " said University of Illinois at Chicago computer security expert Jon Solworth .
" Every year we spend more and more on the problem , but every year the problem gets worse because we 're working at the edges instead of at the heart of the problem . "
Solworth , associate professor of computer science at UIC , along with cryptography expert Daniel Bernstein , research professor of computer science , just received a $ 1.15 million grant from the National Science Foundation to build a new computer operating system -- or OS -- that plugs holes against intruding bugs , viruses and other harmful e-critters .
Solworth is building an operating system he calls Ethos -- essentially a blueprint for an OS that ratchets up security in ways not yet considered or believed necessary when operating systems like Windows , Mac and Linux were conceived .
Today , the applications that run on your computer are more vulnerable than the OS itself , Solworth said .
He and his laboratory staff are working to make Ethos OS guard against attacks that target the applications that run on it .
" Our goal is to learn what a security OS looks like , " he said .
" The attacker needs to find only one way into the system , whereas we as defenders have to protect against every way in .
Security is not a field where you 're going against a fixed target .
You 're going against the intelligence of another human . "
Solworth 's team has begun the laborious task of building this new generation of secure , robust operating systems one cyber - brick at a time , examining new ways to make sub-systems attack - proof and eliminate vulnerabilities in what are known as system calls , used to communicate with computers on the Internet .
While Solworth and his team are building the Ethos OS , Bernstein 's primary role is as the hacker , exposing vulnerabilities that need fixing .
Bernstein 's expertise in cryptography and networks will also be tapped in the construction of Ethos .
The new OS will run on so - called " virtual machine " computers that run one or more operating systems together , like Windows and Mac .
Older applications written for those OS systems where security is not a big issue , like games , will continue to work , but new OS like Ethos will simultaneously handle applications such as online banking and other sensitive business transactions as part of the evolution to tomorrow 's more secure operating systems .
Solworth thinks that new OS will also free software developers from worrying about security so they can spend more time writing programs that make applications work better .
But Solworth does n't underestimate the task at hand .
" This is a huge undertaking , with complex scientific aspects , " he said .
" But an equally large concern is the logistics of such a project , and my job is to sequence things so that they go smoothly .
" If we succeed , we 'll have achieved what many thought could n't be done .
It 's a little scary , daunting and humbling , yet it 's extraordinarily exciting . "
Introduction to Pyjamas , Part 1
Exploit the synergy of GWT and Python
Content series :
This content is part # of # in the series : Introduction to Pyjamas , Part 1 Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
This content is part of the series : Introduction to Pyjamas , Part 1 Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
Google 's Web Toolkit ( GWT ) lets you develop a Rich Internet Application ( RIA ) with Ajax , entirely in Java™ code .
You can use the rich Java toolset ( IDEs , refactoring , code completion , debuggers , and so on ) to develop applications that can be deployed on all major Web browsers .
With GWT you can write applications that behave like desktop applications but run in the browser .
Pyjamas , a GWT port , is a tool and framework for developing Ajax applications in Python .
Pyjamas contains a stand - alone Python - to - JavaScript compiler , and an Ajax framework and widget set .
Using these components , you can write comprehensive applications without writing a single line of JavaScript .
This article explains the background , rationale , related tools , and benefits of Pyjamas while showing you how to create a sample application that will store basic contact information ( name , e-mail address , telephone number ) .
You can also download the code for the sample application .
Part two in this series will explain how to build custom Pyjamas components .
Background
Python was one of the first popular languages ported to the JVM ( Jython ) and later to .
Net ( IronPython ) .
Python - like syntax has been ported to produce machine code that 's comparable to writing programs in C ( Cython ) .
It 's no surprise , then , that Python is one of the first languages ( after Google blazed the trail with the Java language ) to be translated to JavaScript to run in a cross - browser manner .
Mighty XUL
In 2009 , Pyjamas - Desktop ( now part of Pyjamas proper ) was also ported to work with XUL .
XUL is to Firefox as WebKit is to Safari , more or less .
You can run Pyjamas on top of XUL .
Reportedly , it took only two days to port Pyjamas to XUL thanks to project Hulahop ( from the OLPC Sugar team ) and to the developers of python - xpcom .
In the recent past , the chances of doing an entire application in Ajax seemed remote .
With GWT , however , you can develop an RIA with Ajax entirely in Java code .
GWT lets you write applications that behave like desktop applications but run in the browser .
Conversely , Adobe AIR and Silverlight allow Web - style applications to run on the desktop .
Android , Adobe AIR , Google Chrome , Safari , and iPhone all use WebKit for rendering .
One problem with GWT is that it does not allow you to write applications that run as desktop applications ( even though GWT 's development toolset for rendering is based on WebKit ) .
Pyjamas has a Python - to - JavaScript compiler similar to GWT's , and a set of Ajax widgets that have an identical API to their GWT counterparts .
( You can actually use the GWT documentation to develop Pyjamas applications . )
Python has a terse , powerful syntax ; for example , GWT 1.2 took 80,000 lines of code to write , yet Pyjamas took a mere 8,000 to do the same task .
Overview of Pyjamas
Problems with XUL and WebKit Python bindings
The MSHTML port is seemingly the best of the lot , and the underlying Python bindings to WebKit and XUL are in flux .
When the WebKit team does not port the Python bindings to WebKit GTK , it causes untold pain and suffering .
At times it appears that WebKit and the xulrunner Python bindings are being undermined or at least neglected .
Remember that Pyjamas - Desktop is not tied exclusively to WebKit .
Pyjamas brings WebKit , XUL , and MSHTML to Python developers .
Thus , Pyjamas - Desktop can use any one of the three browser engines .
Through them , Pyjamas becomes both a cross - browser and a cross- platform GUI widget set .
WebKit , XUL , and their ilk bring modern flair to desktop applications .
Pyjamas brings WebKit to Python developers .
With Webkit , Pyjamas becomes a cross - browser and cross- platform set of GUI widgets .
You can develop widgets that will run anywhere WebKit and XUL run .
The Pyjamas API - based application can live anywhere GWT applications would live .
Plus , Pyjamas lets you write desktop applications built on top of WebKit and XUL .
This is preferable to building applications on top of Qt or GTK because WebKit supports CSS , and it is used in many other places for reliable rendering ( iPhone , Safari , Android , and so on ) .
However , there is a bit of trouble with XUL and WebKit regarding Python ( see the sidebar ) .
Pyjamas , like GWT , is a GUI component framework .
If you have worked with Swing or GWT , Pyjamas development should feel familiar .
Like most GUI frameworks , Pyjamas is event driven .
With Pyjamas you create containers , then add widgets to the containers .
The widgets can be labels , text fields , buttons , and so forth .
Widgets , like buttons , have event handlers so you can listen for click events from the button .
It 's easy to develop with Pyjamas because you can use the same debugging tools that you usually use for Python .
Examples include unit tests , print statements , and Python debugger ( pdb , a command - line debugger ) .
You can even use Eclipse 's Python support for debugging .
Keep in mind that you can write Pyjamas applications that run as native Python applications .
You do not have to translate Pyjamas applications to JavaScript .
You can use Pyjamas just like any other Python GUI toolkit .
The first version of the GUI for the sample application in this article was developed using just Python running from the command line .
It was not even initially deployed to the Web , but ran as a desktop application .
This is a great advantage for developing RIA applications , because being able to easily debug your programs is a huge benefit .
When you 're ready to deploy your application to the Web , you need to be a bit more careful about what library you include .
It is common to use JavaScript Object Notation ( JSON ) - RPC services from a Pyjamas application running in the browser .
To build the sample application in this article , you need to download and install Pyjamas .
This is not a minor task .
After trying to get Pyjamas running on Ubuntu , and failing miserably , I gave up and installed it on Debian .
( Rumor has it that Pyjamas also runs on Windows ® quite well . )
The installed version worked perfectly on Debian .
The installation process is likely to be in flux for a while , so you should follow the latest instructions for your environment from the Pyjamas site ( see Related topics ) .
To build the services tier , MySQL , Apache , mod_python , and Python JSON - RPC were used .
The sample contact - management application stores basic contact information , such as a name , e-mail address , and telephone number .
You 'll start with a simple Create , Read , Update , and Delete ( CRUD ) application and later add real storage .
You can do the whole thing in one simple Python script with an in -memory " database . "
The sample uses a service layer , and later replaces this in - memory service layer version with a JSON - backed service layer version that uses MySQL to store the contact information in a relational database .
Divide and conquer I prefer to develop a complete GUI talking to a mock layer to separate the GUI development from persistence and from the business logic layer .
That way , I can focus on the GUI logic without worrying about debugging remote RPC and so on .
To understand how the mock service is written , you must understand how the runtime application will run .
The JSON service will be called asynchronously .
When you compile the Pyjamas application into an RIA application ( HTML and JavaScript code ) , when it makes calls the Ajax call will return the results asynchronously .
Therefore , when you build the mock service you 'll mock the Ajax lib calling your GUI back asynchronously .
Listing 1 illustrates that the ContactService calls callback methods to the GUI , which is shown later .
This is to simulate the JSON asynchronous behavior , which will be added later .
Listing 1 . Contact Service
class Contact : def __init__ ( self , name= " " , email= " " , phone= " " ) : self .
name = name self .
email = email self .
phone = phone class ContactService : def __init__( self , callback ) : self.callback = callback self.contacts = [ ] def addContact ( self , contact ) : self.contacts.append(contact ) self.callback.service_eventAddContactSuccessful ( ) def updateContact ( self , contact ) : self.callback.service_eventUpdateContactSuccessful ( ) def removeContact ( self , contact ) : self.contacts.remove(contact ) self.callback.service_eventRemoveContactSuccessful( ) def listContacts ( self ) : self.callback.service_eventListRetrievedFromService(self.contacts )
The Contact class simply represents a contact ( name , e-mail , phone number ) .
The ContactService has only an in - memory list ( not persisting to disk ) of contacts .
This simple class lets you develop the GUI and later , with slight modification , test the GUI with the real JSON service after you develop the display logic .
The ContactService notifies the ContactListGUI ( defined in Listing 2 ) of service events using methods that begin in service_eventXXX .
ContactListGUI , which is only 125 lines long and fairly straightforward , manages nine GUI widgets .
It also collaborates with ContactService to manage a CRUD listing , as shown in Listing 2 .
Listing 2 . ContactListGUI
import pyjd # this get stripped out for JavaScript translation from pyjamas.ui.RootPanel import RootPanel from pyjamas.ui.Button import Button from pyjamas.ui.
Label import Label from pyjamas import Window from pyjamas.ui .
Grid import Grid from pyjamas.ui .
Hyperlink import Hyperlink from pyjamas.ui.TextBox import TextBox # Constants CONTACT_LISTING_ROOT_PANEL
= " contactListing " CONTACT_FORM_ROOT_PANEL
= " contactForm " CONTACT_STATUS_ROOT_PANEL
= " contactStatus " CONTACT_TOOL_BAR_ROOT_PANEL
= " contactToolBar " EDIT_LINK = 3 REMOVE_LINK = 4 # Service code removed class ContactListGUI : def __init__( self ) : self.contactService = ContactService ( self ) self.currentContact = Contact ( " Rick " , " rhightower@gmail.com " , " 555-555-5555 " ) self.addButton = Button ( " Add contact " , self.gui_eventAddButtonClicked ) self.addNewButton = Button ( " Add new contact " , self.gui_eventAddNewButtonClicked ) self.updateButton = Button ( " Update contact " , self.gui_eventUpdateButtonClicked ) self.nameField = TextBox ( ) self.email
Field = TextBox ( ) self.phoneField = TextBox ( ) self.status = Label( ) self.contactGrid = Grid( 2,5 ) self.contactGrid.addTableListener(self ) self.buildForm ( ) self.placeWidgets ( ) self.contactService.listContacts ( ) def onCellClicked ( self , sender , row , cell ) : print " sender= %s row= %s cell= %s " % ( sender , row , cell ) self.gui_eventContactGridClicked( row , cell ) def onClick ( self , sender ) : if sender == self.addButton : self.gui_eventAddButtonClicked ( ) elif sender == self.addNewButton : self.gui_eventAddNewButtonClicked ( ) elif sender == self.updateButton : self.gui_eventUpdateButtonClicked( ) def buildForm ( self ) : formGrid = Grid( 4,3 ) formGrid.setVisible( False ) formGrid.setWidget(0 , 0 , Label ( " Name " ) ) formGrid.setWidget(0 , 1 , self.nameField ) ; formGrid.setWidget(1 , 0 , Label ( " email " ) ) formGrid.setWidget(1 , 1 , self.emailField ) formGrid.setWidget(2 , 0 , Label ( " phone " ) ) formGrid.setWidget(2 , 1 , self.phoneField ) formGrid.setWidget(3 , 0 , self.updateButton ) formGrid.setWidget(3 , 1 , self.addButton ) self.formGrid = formGrid def placeWidgets ( self ) : RootPanel( CONTACT_LISTING_ROOT_PANEL).add(self.contactGrid )
RootPanel( CONTACT_FORM_ROOT_PANEL).add(self.formGrid ) RootPanel( CONTACT_STATUS_ROOT_PANEL).add(self.status ) RootPanel( CONTACT_TOOL_BAR_ROOT_PANEL).add(self.addNewButton ) def loadForm ( self , contact ) : self.formGrid.setVisible( True ) self.currentContact = contact self.emailField.setText(contact.email ) self.phoneField.setText(contact.phone ) self.nameField.setText(contact.name ) def copyFieldDateToContact( self ) : self.currentContact.email = self.emailField.getText( ) self.currentContact.name = self.nameField.getText( ) self.currentContact.phone = self.phoneField.getText ( )
The ContactListGUI init method calls the build Form method to create a new form grid and populate it with fields to edit contact data .
The init method then calls the placeWidgets method , which places the contactGrid , formGrid , status , and addNewButton widgets into slots defined in the HTML page that hosts this GUI application .
This is defined in Listing 3 .
Figure 1 shows an overview of the widgets being used in the contact management application .
Figure 1 . Widgets in the contact management GUI
Listing 3 . ContactListGUI GUI event handlers
< html > < head > < meta name= " pygwt : module " content = " Contacts " > < link rel= ' stylesheet ' href= ' Contacts.css '> < title > Contacts </ title > </ head > < body bgcolor = " white " > < script language= " javascript " src=" bootstrap.js " ></ script > <h1>Contact List Example </h1 > < table align= " center " > < tr > < td id=" contactStatus " ></td > </tr > < tr > < td id=" contactToolBar " ></td > </tr > < tr > < td id=" contactForm " ></td > </tr > < tr> < td id=" contactListing " ></td > </tr> </table > </ body > </html >
The constants ( such as CONTACT_LISTING_ROOT_PANEL=" contactListing " ) correspond to IDs of elements ( such as id=" contactListing " ) defined in the HTML page .
This allows a page designer to have more control over the layout of application widgets .
The basic application is now built .
The next section walks through a couple of common usage scenarios .
Showing a listing on page load
When the example application 's page first loads , it calls the ContactListEntryPoint 's __init__ method .
The __init__ method calls the ContactServiceDelegate 's listContacts method , which calls the service 's listContact method asynchronously .
The mock ContactService 's listContact method calls the service - event handler method called service_eventListRetrievedFromService , as shown in Listing 4 .
Listing 4 . ContactListGUI : Calling the listContact event handler
class ContactListGUI : … def service_eventListRetrievedFromService(self , results ) : self.status.setText ( " Retrieved contact list " ) self.contacts = results ; self.contactGrid.clear( ) ; self.contactGrid.resizeRows(len(self.contacts ) ) row = 0 for contact in results : self.contactGrid.setWidget(row , 0 , Label( contact.name ) ) self.contactGrid.setWidget(row , 1 , Label ( contact.phone ) ) self.contactGrid.setWidget(row , 2 , Label ( contact.email ) ) self.contactGrid.setWidget(row , EDIT_LINK , Hyperlink ( " Edit " , None ) ) self.contactGrid.setWidget(row , REMOVE_LINK , Hyperlink ( " Remove " , None ) ) row += 1
The service_eventListRetrievedFromService event - handler method stores the contact list sent by the server .
It then :
Clears the contactGrid that displays the contact listing .
that displays the contact listing .
Resizes the number of rows to match the size of the contact list returned from the server .
Iterates through the contact list , placing name , telephone , and e-mail data for each contact into the first three columns of each row .
Provides an Edit link and a Remove link for each contact , enabling users to easily remove and edit contacts .
Editing an existing contact
When a user clicks on an Edit link from the contacts listing , the gui_eventContactGridClicked is called , as shown in Listing 5 .
Listing 5 . ContactListGUI 's gui_eventContactGridClicked event handler method
class ContactListGUI : … def gui_eventContactGridClicked( self , row , col ) : contact = self.contacts[row ] self.status.setText ( " Name was " + contact.name + " clicked " ) if col==EDIT_LINK : self.addNewButton.setVisible( False ) self.updateButton.setVisible( True ) self.addButton.setVisible( False ) self.loadForm(contact ) elif ( col==REMOVE_LINK ) : self.contactService.removeContact(contact ) … def loadForm ( self , contact ) : self.formGrid.setVisible( True ) self.currentContact = contact self.emailField.setText(contact.email ) self.phoneField.setText(contact.phone ) self.nameField.setText(contact.name )
The gui_eventContactGridClicked method determines whether the Edit link or the Remove link has been clicked by finding out which column was clicked .
It then hides addNewButton and addButton , and makes updateButton visible .
The updateButton displays in the formGrid and lets the user send the update information back to ContactService .
gui_eventContactGridClicked then calls loadForm ( shown in Listing 5 ) , which :
Sets the formGrid to visible .
to visible .
Sets the contact being edited .
Copies the contact properties into emailField , phoneField , and nameField widgets .
When the user clicks the Update button , the gui_eventUpdateButtonClicked event - handler method is called , as shown in Listing 6 .
This method :
Makes the addNewButton visible , so the user can add new contacts .
visible , so the user can add new contacts .
Hides the formGrid .
. Calls copyFieldDateToContact , which copies the text from the emailField , phoneField , and nameField widgets back into the properties of the currentContact .
, which copies the text from the , , and widgets back into the properties of the .
Calls the ContactServiceDelegate updateContact method to pass the newly updated contact back to the service .
Listing 6 . ContactListGUI 's gui_eventUpdateButtonClicked event - handler method
class ContactListGUI : … def gui_eventUpdateButtonClicked( self , sender ) : self.addNewButton.setVisible( True ) self.formGrid.setVisible( False ) self.copyFieldDateToContact( ) self.contactService.updateContact(self.currentContact ) def copyFieldDateToContact( self ) : self.currentContact.email = self.emailField.getText( ) self.currentContact.name = self.nameField.getText( ) self.currentContact.phone = self.phoneField.getText ( )
The two scenarios above illustrate how the application works , and how it draws upon the infrastructure provided by App Engine for Java .
The rest of the GUI event handlers for ContactListGUI are shown in Listing 7 , and the rest of the service callback handlers are shown in Listing 8 .
Listing 7 . ContactListGUI 's gui_eventUpdateButtonClicked event - handler method
class ContactListGUI : … def gui_eventContactGridClicked( self , row , col ) : contact = self.contacts[row ] self.status.setText ( " Name was " + contact.name + " clicked " ) if col==EDIT_LINK : self.addNewButton.setVisible( False ) self.updateButton.setVisible( True ) self.addButton.setVisible( False ) self.loadForm(contact ) elif ( col==REMOVE_LINK ) : self.contactService.removeContact(contact ) def gui_eventAddButtonClicked( self , sender ) : self.addNewButton.setVisible( True ) self.formGrid.setVisible( False ) self.copyFieldDateToContact( ) self.contactService.addContact(self.currentContact ) def gui_eventUpdateButtonClicked( self , sender ) : self.addNewButton.setVisible( True ) self.formGrid.setVisible( False ) self.copyFieldDateToContact( ) self.contactService.updateContact(self.currentContact ) def gui_eventAddNewButtonClicked( self , sender ) : self.addNewButton.setVisible( False ) self.updateButton.setVisible( False ) self.addButton.setVisible( True ) self.loadForm( Contact ( ) )
Listing 8 . ContactListGUI service call back methods
class ContactListGUI : … def service_eventListRetrievedFromService(self , results ) : self.status.setText ( " Retrieved contact list " ) self.contacts = results ; self.contactGrid.clear( ) ; self.contactGrid.resizeRows(len(self.contacts ) ) row = 0 for contact in results : self.contactGrid.setWidget(row , 0 , Label( contact.name ) ) self.contactGrid.setWidget(row , 1 , Label ( contact.phone ) ) self.contactGrid.setWidget(row , 2 , Label ( contact.email ) ) self.contactGrid.setWidget(row , EDIT_LINK , Hyperlink ( " Edit " , None ) ) self.contactGrid.setWidget(row , REMOVE_LINK , Hyperlink ( " Remove " , None ) ) row += 1 def service_eventAddContactSuccessful( self ) : self.status.setText
( " Contact was successfully added " ) self.contactService.listContacts ( ) def service_eventUpdateContactSuccessful( self ) : self.status.setText ( " Contact was successfully updated " ) self.contactService.listContacts ( ) def service_eventRemoveContactSuccessful( self ) : self.status.setText ( " Contact was removed " ) self.contactService.listContacts ()
Compiling the example
You can compile this example application and run it natively in any modern browser .
However , trying to debug an RIA application running in a browser is not fun .
Luckily , you can run the whole application as a native Python application by using the Pyjamas - Desktop , as shown in Listing 9 .
Listing 9 . Running Pyjamas - Desktop
import pyjd # this get stripped out for JavaScript translation ... if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : pyjd.setup (" public/Contacts.html " ) contacts = ContactListGUI ( ) pyjd.run ()
The code in Listing 9 instantiates a Python desktop application and then starts the desktop by calling the run method .
When you run this application as a desktop application , you can debug it using pdb or Python IDEs that support visual debugging .
I installed Pyjamas in a tools directory under the home directory .
When you use the Python debugger , be sure you add the Pyjamas and Pyjamas - Desktop libs to your path , as shown in listing 10 .
Listing 10 .
Adding Pyjamas to the PYTHONPATH
export PYTHONPATH=/home/rick/tools/pyjamas:/home/rick/tools/pyjamas/library
When you 're done writing your application , you can then run pyjsbuild to compile the application into HTML , JavaScript , and JSON - RPC .
Listing 11 shows an example script to run the pyjsbuild .
Listing 11 . build.sh
#!/bin/sh options= " $ * " # if [ - z $ options ] ; then options = " - O " ; fi ~/tools/pyjamas/bin/pyjsbuild -- print - statements $ options Contacts.py
When the application is compiled , all you have to do is host the / output folder by a Web server .
The example uses a fresh installation of Debian , so apache2 and mod_python were installed with apt - get , as shown in Listing 12 .
Listing 12 .
Installing apache2 and mod_python
$ sudo apt - get install apache2 libapache2 - mod - python
mod_python will be used in the next version of the contact listing .
The example application was created under / home / rick / tools / pyjamas/examples/contact1 .
To host this with Apache , add the following code to the Apache httpd.conf file ( on Debian this is installed under / etc / apache2 ) .
Listing 13 .
/etc/apache2/httpd.conf
Alias / pj " /home/rick/tools / pyjamas " < Directory " /home/rick/tools / pyjamas " >
Options Indexes FollowSymLinks MultiViews AllowOverride None Order deny , allow allow from all </ Directory >
Adding JSON -RPC support
Tips about mod_python and sqllite3
Initially , it seemed there 'd be a small service for the small example in this article , and it would n't need a unit test or logging .
Big mistake !
I first tried to use sqllite3 ( because it ships with Python ) and had some locking issues , which prompted the switch to MySQL .
Some lessons about mod_python , JSON - RPC , and sqllite3 : sqlite3 locks files in strange ways when run locally with unit tests and then later as su under apache .
under apache .
It 's hard to debug in mod_python because you do n't get error messaging .
Logging and unit tests are essential .
I switched to MySQL , used logging with robust exception handling , and wrote unit tests .
The example likely could not have been finished without unit tests and logging .
You could probably use sqlite3 if you always run the unit tests with sudo .
Or , you might devise other ways to avoid the locking issues .
After you get the GUI logic working , it 's time to start programming the JSON - RPC service , which is implemented in Python .
JSON - RPC is a standard ; you can use any programming language to implement the server side .
This way , a Pyjamas front - end app can be fitted into existing projects that have a JSON - RPC back - end Web service .
JSON is a data - interchange format .
It uses two structures :
A collection of name / value pairs ( a dictionary in Python , a hash table in Java code , or an associative array for Perl )
Arrays
JSON - RPC is a remote procedure call protocol that uses JSON to encode and marshal arguments and return types .
The JSON - RPC project has bindings for Python .
Twisted , Django , and many other Python frameworks also have support for JSON - RPC .
An easy way to get JSON - RPC is shown in Listing 14 .
Listing 14 .
Installing JSON-RPC
$ svn checkout http://svn.json-rpc.org/trunk/python-jsonrpc
$ cd python - jsonrpc $ python setup.py install
To write a JSON - RPC service you annotate method calls with @ ServiceMethod and then expose a module variable called service that points to the instance that you want to expose using JSON - RPC .
Listing 15 shows an example .
Listing 15 .
ContactService : JSON - RPC service for the contacts list
import logging logging.basicConfig( filename= "/tmp/contactjson.log " , level=logging .
DEBUG ) logging .
debug ( " Loading contact service " ) from jsonrpc import ServiceMethod use_mysql=True if use_mysql : import MySQLdb as db_api logging .
debug ( " Using mysql " ) else : import sqlite3 as db_api logging .
debug ( " Using sqllite3 " ) db_url = " / tmp/contacts " class ContactService : @ ServiceMethod def test ( self ) : logging .
info(" Test called " ) return " test " def connection ( self ) : if use_mysql : connection = db_api.connect ( passwd=" mypassword " , db=" contactdb " , user = " root " ) else : connection = db_api.connect ( db_url ) return connection def run_update ( self , func ) : connection = self.connection ( ) cursor = connection.cursor ( ) try : func( cursor ) cursor.close( ) connection.commit( ) except Exception , e : connection.rollback ( ) logging .exception ( " problem handling update " ) raise e finally : connection.close ( ) def run_query ( self , func ) : connection = self.connection ( ) cursor = connection.cursor ( ) lst = None try : func( cursor ) lst = cursor.
fetchall( ) cursor.close ( ) except Exception , e : logging .
exception ( " problem handling query " ) raise e finally : connection.close ( ) return lst @ ServiceMethod def addContact ( self , contact ) : logging .debug
( " Add contact called %s " , `contact` ) def ac( cursor ) : if use_mysql : cursor.execute ( " " " insert into contact ( name , phone , email ) values ( % ( name )s , %( phone )s , % ( email ) s ) " " " , contact ) else : cursor.execute ( " " " insert into contact ( id , name , phone , email ) values ( NULL , : name , : phone , : email ) " " " , contact ) self.run_update( ac ) @ ServiceMethod def updateContact ( self , contact ) : logging .
debug ( " Update contact called %s " , `contact` ) def uc( cursor ) : if use_mysql : cursor.execute ( " " " update contact set name = % ( name ) s , email = % ( email ) s , phone = % ( phone ) s where id= % ( id )s ; " " " , contact ) else : cursor.execute ( " " " update contact set name = : name , email = : email , phone = : phone where id=:id ; " " " , contact ) self.run_update( uc ) @ ServiceMethod def removeContact ( self , contact ) : logging .
debug ( " Remove contact called %s " , `contact` ) def uc( cursor ) : if use_mysql : cursor.execute ( " delete from contact where id= %( id )s ; " , contact ) else : cursor.execute( " delete from contact where id=:id ; " , contact ) self.run_update( uc ) @ ServiceMethod def listContacts ( self ) : logging .
debug ( " list contact called " ) def lc( cursor ) : cursor.execute ( " select name , phone , email , id from contact " ) lst = self.run_query ( lc ) def toMap( x ) : return { " name " : x[ 0 ] , " phone " : x [ 1 ] , " email " : x[ 2 ] , " id " : x [ 3 ] } return map ( toMap , lst ) service = ContactService ( )
# If you can't get mod_python working # you can use CGI with the following line .
# handleCGI ( service ) #
You have to import handleCGI from jsonrpc
Listing 15 can use either MySQL , which is easy to install , or sqlite3 , which ships with Python .
To use sqlite3 set use_mysql to False .
Listing 16 shows a unit test to test this service , which was essential to developing the example application .
The listing shows a utility class that gets used by the unit test .
Listing 16 .
TestContactService
import unittest from contacts import ContactService from dbscript import * class TestContactService( unittest.TestCase ) : def setUp( self ) : self.cs = ContactService ( ) try : drop_table ( ) except : print " unable to drop contact table " try : create_table ( ) except : print " unable to create contact table " def testAdd ( self ) : clear_table ( ) cs = self.cs cs.addContact ( {" name " : " Richard " , " phone " : " 5205551212 " , " email " : " rick@rick.com " }) list = cs.listContacts ( ) print list found =
False for cdict in list : if cdict [ " name " ] == " Richard " : found = True self.assertTrue ( found ) def testUpdate ( self ) : cs = self.cs insert_test_data( ) cs.updateContact ( { " name " : " Richard " , " phone " : " 5205551212 " , " email " : " rick@rick.com " , " id " : 1} ) list = cs.listContacts ( ) print list found = 0 for cdict in list : if cdict [ " name " ] == " Richard " : found +=1 self.assertTrue( found==1 ) def testRemove ( self ) : cs = self.cs insert_test_data( ) cs.removeContact ( { " name " : " Richard " , " phone " : " 5205551212 " , " email " : " rick@rick.com " , " id " : 1} ) list = cs.listContacts ( ) print list found = 0 for cdict in list : if cdict [ " name " ] == " Richard " : found +=1 self.assertTrue(found==0 ) if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : unittest.main ( )
The dbscript.py in Listing 17 can build either a MySQLdb contacts table or a sqlite3 contacts table .
Listing 17 .
Dbscript , create , drop , populate contacts
use_mysql =
True if use_mysql : import MySQLdb as db_api else : import sqlite3 as db_api db_url = " / tmp/contacts " create_table_sql = " " " create table contact ( id INTEGER %s PRIMARY KEY , name VARCHAR ( 50 ) , phone VARCHAR ( 50 ) , email VARCHAR ( 50 ) ) ; " " " if use_mysql : create_table_sql = create_table_sql % ( " AUTO_INCREMENT " , ) else : create_table_sql = create_table_sql % ( " " , ) def run_script ( func ) : if use_mysql : connection = db_api.connect ( passwd=" mypassword " , db=" contactdb " , user = " root " ) else : connection = db_api.connect ( db_url ) cursor = connection.cursor ( ) try : func( cursor ) connection.commit( ) cursor.close ( ) finally : connection.close ( ) def create_table ( ) : def ct(cursor ) : cursor.execute(create_table_sql ) run_script ( ct ) def drop_table ( ) : def dt ( cursor ) : cursor.execute ( " drop table contact ; " ) run_script ( dt ) def clear_table ( ) : def dt ( cursor ) : cursor.execute(" delete from contact ; " ) run_script ( dt ) def insert_test_data ( ) : def itd( cursor ) : if use_mysql : cursor.execute (" insert into contact ( id , name , phone , email ) values ( NULL , ' Bob ' , ' 5 ' , 'b@b.com ' ) ; " ) cursor.execute (" insert into contact ( id , name , phone , email ) values ( NULL , ' Rick ' , ' 5 ' , 'b@b.com ' ) ; " ) cursor.execute (" insert into contact ( id , name , phone , email ) values ( NULL , ' Sam ' , ' 5 ' , 'b@b.com ' ) ; " ) else : cursor.executescript ( " " " insert into contact ( id , name , phone , email ) values ( NULL , " Bob " , " 5 " , " b@b.com " ) ; insert into contact ( id , name , phone , email ) values ( NULL , " Rick " , " 5 " , " b@b.com " ) ; insert into contact ( id , name , phone , email ) values ( NULL , " Sam " , " 5 " , " b@b.com " ) ; " " " ) run_script ( itd )
Essentially , the dbscript creates and drops the contacts table and populates it with test data that the unit test uses .
After you 've completed the JSON - RPC service , you can install it to be served by Apache HTTPD by adding the code shown in Listing 18 to the httpd .conf file .
Listing 18 .
/etc/apache2/httpd.conf
Alias / services " /home/rick/ services " < Location / services / >
AddHandler mod_python .py PythonHandler jsonrpc </ Location >
Remember , after making changes to the service , you need to restart it , as shown in Listing 19 .
Listing 19 .
Restarting Apache2 to pick up changes to mod_python
$ sudo /etc/init.d/apache2 restart
You can get nasty recursion errors when running JSON - RPC proxies in Pyjamas .
To help debug errors , I used the JSON - RPC stand - alone client lib , as shown in Listing 20 .
Listing 20 .
Python JSON - RPC client
from jsonrpc import ServiceProxy , JSONRPCException cs = ServiceProxy ( " http://localhost/services/contacts.py " ) if cs.test ( ) == " test " : print " connected " try : cs.addContact ( { " name " : " Larry Wall " , " phone " : " 5551212 " , " email " : " rick@rick.com " } ) except Exception , e : print e.error print `e.error`
The previous step is an important one in testing and debugging .
Pyjamas development is a bit nascent , so it 's good to have another way to test the JSON - RPC from another source .
The example just changes the ContactService to use a JSONProxy .
The JSONProxy is Pyjamas client support for JSON - RPC .
You can create a proxy object to the service you just wrote , as demonstrated by the ContactsJSONProxy in Listing 21 .
The return objects from the JSON service are returned asynchronously .
Thus , when you make calls on the JSON proxy you pass an instance of ContactService , which implements the onRemoteResponse to get the responses from the service asynchronously .
Listing 21 .
JSONRPC - ized contact listing
from pyjamas .
JSONService import JSONProxy ... class Contact : def __init__ ( self , name= " " , email= " " , phone= " " , id =None ) : self .
name = name self .
email = email self .
phone = phone self .id = id def to_dict ( self ) : return { " name " : self.name , " email " : self.email , " phone " : self. phone , " id " :self.id} class ContactsJSONProxy ( JSONProxy ) : def __init__( self ) : JSONProxy.__init__(self , " / services/contacts.py " , [ " addContact " , " removeContact " , " updateContact " , " listContacts " , " test " ] ) class ContactService : def __init__ ( self , callback ) : self.callback = callback self.proxy = ContactsJSONProxy ( ) def test ( self ) : self.proxy.test( self ) def addContact ( self , contact ) : self.callback.showStatus
( " Add contact called " ) self.proxy.addContact(contact.to_dict( ) , self ) def updateContact ( self , contact ) : self.callback.showStatus
( " Update contact was called " ) self.proxy.updateContact(contact.to_dict( ) , self ) def removeContact ( self , contact ) : self.callback.showStatus(" Remove contact was called " ) self.proxy.removeContact(contact.to_dict( ) , self ) def listContacts ( self ) : self.proxy.listContacts( self ) def onRemoteResponse ( self , response , request_info ) : if request_info.method == " addContact " : self.callback.service_eventAddContactSuccessful ( ) elif request_info.method == " updateContact " : self.callback.service_eventUpdateContactSuccessful ( ) elif request_info.method == " listContacts " : def toContact ( x ) : return Contact ( x [ " name " ] , x [ " email " ] , x [ " phone " ] , x [ " id " ] ) contacts = map( toContact , response ) self.callback.service_eventListRetrievedFromService(contacts ) elif request_info.method == " removeContact " : self.callback.service_eventRemoveContactSuccessful ( ) else : self.callback.showStatus ( " " " REQ METHOD = %s RESP %s " " " % ( request_info.method , response ) ) def onRemoteError ( self , code , errobj , request_info ) : message = errobj [ ' mes sage ' ] if code != 0 : self.callback.showStatus( " HTTP error %d : %s " % ( code , message ) ) else : json_code = errobj [ ' code ' ] self.callback.showStatus(" JSONRPC
Error %s : %s " % ( json_code , message ) )
The rest of the client code is fairly similar to the way it was before , there were only some cosmetic changes .
The amazing part is that the client that uses the real remote RPC service is not much different than the version that uses the stand - alone version of the service .
This lets you quickly develop the GUI and then just plug in the JSON - RPC service , which are developed and debugged separately .
Summary
In this first part of the " Introduction to Pyjamas " series , you explored the history and vision behind Pyjamas .
You also learned how to create a Pyjamas - based application using Pyjamas , mod_python , and Python JSON - RPC .
Stay tuned for Part 2 of this series , which will explain how to build custom Pyjamas components .
Acknowledgements
Special thanks to Luke Kenneth Casson Leighton for reviewing this article and giving vital feedback .
He also helped get the examples running , and gave advice on how to debug the applications .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
The ties that bind between Nigeria and the United States of America run deep .
In 2009 , Nigeria was the third top supplier of crude oil to the United States , but its ' sweet bonny crude ' is of the highest quality in the world .
Nigeria is the United States 's largest trading partner in sub-Saharan Africa , and the US is also the largest foreign investor in the country .
Additionally , the US is home to a growing number of Nigerians in the diaspora , with the most educated group of immigrants in the United States being Nigerians .
As such , it is no surprise that the happenings in Nigeria are of particular interest to the US government .
However , the ongoing constitutional crisis and political uncertainty revealed the possibility of American interference in domestic affairs .
Such interference could have significant consequences for the future of Nigerian democracy and even Nigerian unity .
RECENT DIPLOMATIC ISSUES
Despite the significant relationship between both countries , in recent years that relationship has experienced some strain .
After the 2001 terrorist attack on American targets , Nigeria was listed as a country with terrorist ties .
There was a strong response and reaction from the then Obasanjo - led government , eventually leading to Nigeria 's removal from the questionable list .
Since then , the US has issued various travel warnings about Nigeria .
In addition , Barack Obama 's decision to make Ghana his first stop in sub-Saharan Africa was considered as a snub by the Nigerian populace .
It generated much debate and the ruling party , the People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) , even went as far as accusing Obama of seeking to destabilise President Yar 'Adua 's administration .
The fact that a previous attempt by Yar 'Adua to visit the White House was refused only added to the concerns that relations between the countries were deteriorating .
Another source of contention was the recent fallout experienced by Nigeria and Nigerians after a student based in the UK , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , attempted to blow up an American airliner .
Abdulmutallab , a Nigerian citizen radicalised in the UK , travelled to Yemen to become a terrorist .
Despite the fact that his father warned the US authorities , and that America had enough information to prevent his attempt on 25 December 2009 , in the days that followed Nigeria was placed on a ' terror prone ' list .
The Nigerian authorities vehemently criticised the US placement of the country on the list , with Dora Akunyili , the minister of information , going as far as saying that the list ' discriminated ' against Nigerians .
Akunyili even asserted that Nigeria 's inclusion had ' the potential of undermining longstanding and established US - Nigeria bilateral ties ' .
The US countered that due to the absence of President Yar 'Adua , who left Nigeria in November 2009 for health reasons , their officials had nobody to communicate with .
NIGERIA'S CONSTITUTIONAL CRISIS
On 23 November 2009 , Yar 'Adua was rushed to Saudi Arabia for a medical emergency .
It was later revealed that he suffered from pericarditis , a hardening in the lining of the heart .
This was in addition to a pre-existing kidney condition .
For over two months , Yar 'Adua 's absence raised constitutional questions about how a vice - president can assume the executive power and functions of the president .
Section 145 of the constitution was interpreted by many to require the president to issue a letter to the National Assembly asserting intent to temporarily transfer power .
However , a court recently ruled that the president is not obligated to formally inform the National Assembly of prolonged absences , thus making the transfer of power automatic when he is away .
But , this ruling did not dampen concerns about Vice - President Goodluck Jonathan 's ability to act as president and Jonathan himself played it safe .
THE AMERICAN REACTION
During the uncertainty caused by Yar 'Adua 's absence , the US joined France , Britain and the EU to issue a joint statement that stated :
' We commend [ the ] determination to address the current situation through appropriate democratic institutions .
Nigeria 's continued commitment and adherence to its democratic norms and values are key to addressing the many challenges it faces …
We are committed to continue working with Nigeria on the internal issues it faces while working together as partners on the global stage . '
A week and a half after this statement , both bodies of the National Assembly , with the support of all state governors , declared Vice - President Goodluck Jonathan Nigeria 's acting president .
While many appreciated this crafty resolution of a 79 - day - long constitutional crisis that was grinding the business of the nation to a halt , the legality of the action became a concern .
The US , nonetheless , immediately praised Nigeria for its ' democratic handover ' and on the very day that he was declared acting president , Jonathan was visited by the US Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Johnnie Carson .
At an event honouring 50 important Nigerians in Abuja , former American Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice towed the American line , stating :
' I am certain that Nigerians would find within their democratic institutions a way to deal with the current crisis that you have ; but with that said , my prayers are with your President and my prayers are with your Acting President with whom I met … and with all of your other leaders who must lead Nigeria through this critical time . '
She continued :
' If we … reaffirm the principle that Nigerian democracy will be strong and honourable and deliver for its people , I am quite certain that we will look back and say " a job well done " '
This encouraging tune soon changed once it was reported that Yar 'Adua had returned from Saudi Arabia .
Johnnie Carson issued a statement in which the American government expressed its concerns :
' Nigeria needs a strong , healthy , and effective leader to ensure the stability of the country and to manage Nigeria ’s many political , economic , and security challenges .
Recent reports , however , continue to suggest that President Yar ’Adua ’s health remains fragile and that he may still be unable to fulfill the demands of his office .
' We hope that President Yar ’Adua ’s return to Nigeria is not an effort by his senior advisors to upset Nigeria ’s stability and create renewed uncertainty in the democratic process …
As a nation of 150 million people , Nigeria ’s democracy and its continued adherence to constitutional rule should be the highest priority . '
EVIDENCE OF INTERFERENCE
Beyond this and other strongly worded statements , news reports now allege that Yar 'Adua 's return was spurred by American intervention .
Specifically , it appears that American officials advised their Saudi allies to send Yar 'Adua back to Nigeria .
Because a Nigerian envoy was prevented from seeing Yar 'Adua while in Jeddah , America allegedly warned of the ' major international and diplomatic problems ' that could arise from that action .
Additionally , the air ambulance used to transport Yar 'Adua to Nigeria was allegedly provided by an American medical firm .
Furthermore , Johnnie Carson and US Ambasador to Nigeria Robin Sanders held a two - hour visit with former military dictator Ibrahim Babangida while Yar 'Adua was in Saudi Arabia .
This action has raised ire and suspicion in the press , with reports that the Obama administration wants Babangida to replace Yar 'Adua , assuming he resigns or is impeached .
A comment by an American spokesperson only stoked the flames when an anonymous State Department official clarified that the US government does not refer to Babangida as a ' former military dictator …
We see him as a former head of state [ and an " > influential leader in the northern part of the country . '
The US government officially stated that the visit was to commiserate with Babangida on the recent loss of his wife since he is a former head of state and member of the Nigerian Council of State .
INTERFERENCE COULD BACKFIRE
By dabbling so openly in Nigeria 's political affairs , the US will likely increase certain tensions .
Specifically , Johnnie Carson 's visit to Jonathan on the day he became acting president must be interpreted as the US government 's support of the act .
While that in itself is not an issue , such support lends credence to the belief among many that the Obama administration disliked President Yar 'Adua and his supporters .
The continuous statements about Yar 'Adua 's return by the US only make matters worse because even though Jonathan was made acting president , the constitutionality of that act is in question and has forced the National Assembly and state governors to begin modification of the constitution .
The US being seen to take sides will only increase the friction between various interests in the matter .
Additionally , the very public support of Jonathan , and snubbing of Yar 'Adua , will serve to weaken whoever eventually becomes president of Nigeria if Yar 'Adua were to resign , be impeached or die as president .
US dabbling will give opponents of whoever becomes president ample ammunition to accuse that person of being an American puppet .
This possibility would not bode well for Nigeria , where politics is a delicate game of tribal and religious concerns and many other crucial factors .
A president that is seen as a puppet of anyone , especially a foreign government , will simply be considered a weak leader and will be unable to accomplish much of anything .
After Nigeria 's experience with Yar 'Adua , who was constantly belittled and whose leadership capacity was constantly questioned , a new leader weakened by American interference will be unforgivable .
It must also be mentioned that while Yar 'Adua 's supporters come from all corners of Nigeria , his primary alliance is to the northern elite , which for a long time has worried that it might lose control of the presidency to a southerner .
Although unwritten , there is an understanding among Nigeria 's political elite that presidential power will shift from the north to the south every eight years .
By snubbing Yar 'Adua so publicly and repeatedly , America might force the northern elite to take undemocratic measures in order to ensure their hold on the presidency .
This could include a military coup , or , it could encourage the northern elite to place pressure on northern and other politicians to stall the democratic processes being used to iron out Nigeria 's political crisis .
Furthermore , while America has historically been popular in Nigeria , its popularity has decreased significantly in the north due to its anti-terrorism campaign , which is seen to be anti-Muslim .
American interference in Nigerian affairs would only increase the distrust of northern Muslims , who would see America as working against their interests and kinsman Yar 'Adua .
This could also be interpreted as a pro-south measure that would trigger some of the very tribal and religious conflict America claims to want to work with Nigeria to end .
America 's interference could therefore deepen the tribal and religious divides that already result in the loss of lives and property , as exemplified in recent Jos fighting .
The meeting of US officials with Babangida is another very public problem that will call into question whether America 's interests actually lie with the Nigerian people .
Although the US refuses to acknowledge Babangida as a former dictator , their actions say otherwise .
Babangida was previously refused a visa to the US and only recently received one so he could be by his dying wife , who recently lost her battle with cancer in a California hospital .
Such duplicity cannot be ignored .
What must also not be ignored is the fact that Babangida is not one of Yar 'Adua 's staunchest supporters .
In fact , when Yar 'Adua was announced as the PDP presidential candidate in 2007 , Babangida 's name was mentioned repeatedly as a northern alternative .
Also , Babangida embarrassed Yar 'Adua shortly after the Guinean coup of 2008 .
Sent by Yar 'Adua to impress upon that nation 's junta that the coup would not be tolerated , Babangida instead returned with praises for the coup plotters .
This caused great embarrassment to Yar 'Adua and further weakened his position as leader of Nigeria and possibly even the office of the presidency .
For America to pay a former dictator and coup supporter a visit of any kind only dispels statements that the US is a supporter of Nigerian democracy and the Nigerian people .
And there is the additional factor of AFRICOM ( Africa Command ) .
When America was looking for an Africa headquarters for its military command centre , Yar 'Adua , on behalf of Nigeria , rejected outright American overtures to find a home for AFRICOM in Nigeria or within its sphere of influence .
While AFRICOM still operates in the waters of West Africa via partnership training programmes with various African governments , it remains an initiative of the US government to find an African location for the outfit .
This meeting with Babangida , a former military officer and dictator , raises questions about whether during Yar 'Adua 's absence and sickness , Babangida and others will be used to improve America 's chances at securing a Nigerian base for AFRICOM .
Doing so will only further allegations that America is solely interested in Nigeria for its sweet bonny crude oil , to the detriment of the people who are yet to benefit from oil sales , particularly those in the Niger Delta .
This could spur a return to the violence in the Delta region , which has slowed down but threatens to erupt again given the current state of political uncertainty in Nigeria .
While the Nigeria–US relationship has suffered some bumps along the way , the recent reports and evidence of American interference in Nigerian politics could present future challenges to that relationship and possibly to Nigeria 's future .
It remains to be seen whether America 's public dabbling in Nigeria 's current political insecurity will be a success for American interests in Nigeria and the region .
But what is certain is that the risks taken by the US in interfering in Nigerian politics will have a lasting impact on Nigeria now and in the future .
The only question is whether this lasting impact will be negative or positive .
For Nigeria 's sake , one hopes that it will be positive , but only the future will tell .
BROUGHT TO YOU BY PAMBAZUKA NEWS
* Funmi Feyide - John is a Nigerian lawyer and writer living in Washington DC .
* Please send comments to [ email protected ] or comment online at Pambazuka News .
The government 's plans to disconnect file sharers from the internet have come in for heavy criticism in parliament , amid claims that ministers are attempting to rush legislation through without proper oversight .
In a marathon House of Lords debate over the Digital Economy bill , several members launched into strong criticisms of the proposals and said there had been an " extraordinary degree of lobbying " from copyright holders to try and push them into law quickly .
One of the most pressing issues is the so - called " three strikes rule " - which would allow anyone accused three times of copyright infringement to have their internet connection " suspended " for an unspecified period .
As well as concerns that the process does not give those accused of illegal activity proper legal recourse , some also fear that such a rule could hurt organisations such as libraries , internet cafes and universities which offer free internet access .
Responding to such claims , Lord Young , who is sponsoring the bill alongside Lord Mandelson , said that nobody could be excluded from the law - and that business and organisations should take " proportionate and reasonable measures " to prevent illegal activity .
" No one wants to see libraries or universities the subject of court action or technical measures if — I stress this — they are ever introduced , " he said .
" No one wants to see legitimate businesses suffer as a consequence of the actions of their customers but , equally , it can not be right that they are totally excluded from the provisions of the bill . "
He suggested that all those potentially affected by the law should issue terms of service which placed the liability for file sharing on the user , rather than the wireless hotspot owner .
He added that technical solutions could be used to block high bandwidth activity - such as downloading movies - or to screen out file sharing applications .
A number of other concerns were also raised during the debate , including the news that the government does not intend to pass the bill to the Office of the Information Commissioner , Britain 's privacy watchdog , for oversight .
Lord Young said this was an unnecessary step - despite serious concerns about privacy implications of some - because it would simply cause more delays to prevent further delays in passing it into law .
" Formally requiring the information commissioner to approve the code is not necessary and could add significantly to the time for the approval process , " he said .
This angered a number of those present , including Lord Puttnam - who accused the government of attempting to rush through legislation without giving it time for proper discussion .
Such a move , he said , could result in the production of laws which would later require a hasty rewrite .
" What will end up leaving this chamber ... and going to the Commons is a bill that none of us is particularly proud of , " he said .
" It will be a spatchcock that does part of the work it was intended to do but not all of it . "
He also mentioned the " extraordinary degree of lobbying " that those involved in drafting had come up against , amid rising tension and conflicts between creative industries , internet service providers and consumer rights groups .
" I am absolutely convinced that , within the next two or three years , there will be another bill before this house which will be created to deal with the deficiencies of the present bill , " he said .
Critics of the bill have regularly attacked it since the first first put forward last November , but they remain concerned that the reading the Lords could fail to erase all the problems .
The Open Rights Group , which campaigns for consumer rights online , said that some of the most controversial elements of the bill looked set to be removed , but the situation around disconnection and open wireless access remained unsatisfactory .
" We have won some significant concessions , " said Jim Killock , ORG 's executive director .
Meanwhile , internet service provider TalkTalk , which has been vociferous in its opposition to the plans , has said it remains wholly opposed to the scheme .
Last week it said that the government was playing a game of " semantics " .
" The Digital Economy bill will give rights holders the power to act as a judge and jury , allowing them to demand that ISPs disconnect their customers without having to prove their case in a court of law , " it said .
The reading of the bill will continue this week .
Since 1999 , we have been developing the BIOS Optimization Guide , affectionately known ...
Western Digital SiliconEdge Blue 256 GB
Solid State Drive Currently , Western Digital only offers the WD SiliconEdge Blue drives for the desktop and mobile PC market .
However , you can count on more solid state drive models in the future .
This first - generation solid state drives come in three capacities - 256 GB , 128 GB and 64 GB , and boast the following features : WD Quality and Reliability - These SSDs were designed and tested in WD's Fit Lab on hundreds of systems to pass our rigorous data integrity and reliability screening .
Fast Data Transfer - Up to 250 MB/s read and up to 170 MB/s write transfer rates allow your system to run faster so you can work more efficiently .
Low Power Consumption - Translates to longer battery life for portable computers .
Advanced Wear - Leveling - Lengthens SSD life and preserves speed with a combination of dynamic and static wear - leveling algorithms designed to overcome performance degradation that occurs as a result of continual heavy use .
TRIM Command Support ( Windows 7 ) - Helps maintain the SSD 's performance throughout its lifespan .
Native Command Queuing ( NCQ ) - Increases the performance of SATA drives by placing read / write commands in the optimal sequential order for the fastest execution .
Advanced Error Correction - Enables error - free data transmission by deploying advanced correction technologies to detect and correct errors .
In this review , we will be looking at Western Digital 's ultimate solid state drive for desktop and notebook PCs - the 256 GB SiliconEdge Blue ( SSC - D0256SC-2100 ) .
Let 's find out how well this drive performs !
For more details , read our Comprehensive Review !
To discuss about this review , head over to the forum thread !
Lowest PriceGrabber Price Review  Comprehensive Review Model  SSC - D0256SC -2100 Formatted Capacity  256,060,514,304 bytes Guaranteed Sectors  500,118,192 Bytes Per Sector  512 bytes Cache Buffer  Unknown Memory Channels  Unknown Internal Data Transfer Rate  250 MB/s ( maximum read )
 250 MB/s ( sustained read )
 170 MB/s ( maximum write )
 140 MB/s ( sustained write ) 4 KB Random Access  Up to 5,000 IOPS ( read / write ) Average Access Time  Unknown Power On To Ready  1 second Power Consumption  3.5 W ( Write )
 2.2 W ( Read )
 0.6 W ( Idle ) Interface  Serial ATA 3.0 Gb/s Supported SATA Data Transfer Mode  3.0 Gbits /s
 1.5 Gbits/s SATA Hotplug Capability  Yes TRIM Support  Yes ( Microsoft Windows 7 ) Maximum Height  9.5 mm
 0.374 inches Maximum Width  69.86 mm
 2.75 inches Maximum Length  98.9 mm
 3.9 inches Weight  NA Power Requirements  5.0 V ± 5 % Ambient Temperature  0 °C to 70 °C ( Operating )
 - 55 °C to 125 °C ( Non-Operating ) Maximum Shock  1000 G @ 0.5 msec ( Operating )
 MIL - STD - 810 F , Method 516.5 , Procedure I Maximum Vibration  16.3 G RMS
 MIL - STD - 810 F , Method 514.5 , Procedure I , Category 24 Maximum Altitude 
Up to +80,000 feet
 MIL - STD - 810 F , Method 500.4 , Procedure II Drive Acoustics  0 dBA Non-Recoverable Read Errors  < 1 in 1015 bits read Endurance  Read : Unlimited
 Write : 3 years @ 70 GB writes / day
 50,000 power on / off cycles MTBF  1,400,000 hours Warranty  3 Years Limited Warranty Our Review System Tech ARP is committed to developing new ways to improve your experience with us .
As part of our continuous efforts to improve the value of our reviews to you , we are implementing a multi- tier review system .
This review system is designed to allow you to quickly receive information on the latest hardware or software .
This new system also allows you to quickly get the gist of the review without reading through it .
This can be very useful , especially in situations where you need to make a quick purchase decision .
In this new system , we start with a Product Overview whenever a company sends us a press release about their latest product .
We shift through extraneous PR - talk to create a straightforward summary of the product 's features as well as specifications .
This allows you to quickly find out all the pertinent details about the product , without reading through official press releases .
When we receive the product for review , we will quickly take photos of it and create a Pictorial Review .
The purpose of a pictorial review is to allow you , the reader , to quickly examine the product visually .
It may help you make better purchase decisions , especially if you cannot wait for the full review .
After thorough testing , we will post a Comprehensive Review of the product .
This adds on to the pictorial review with comprehensive test results and our final conclusion on the product .
But no matter whether you are reading a Pictorial Review or a Comprehensive Review , you can always read the summary of the review as well as examine the product 's specifications right on the first page .
In all our new reviews , we will maintain the first page as a Product Overview page .
If the product is listed in PriceGrabber , you can also check out the lowest price online .
We hope this new review system will make your experience a lot more enjoyable and informative !
Support Tech ARP !
If you like our work , you can help support out work by visiting our sponsors , participate in the Tech ARP Forums , or even donate to our fund .
Any help you can render is greatly appreciated !
Next Page : Western Digital Solid State Drives , Packaging >>>
WOODY ALLEN , in earlier , funnier days , told a joke about two women in a resort in the Catskills bemoaning the cuisine : “ The food at this place is really terrible , ” says one .
“ Yeah , and such small portions , ” replies her friend .
Thus the current thinking about fossil fuels .
They are dangerous things , their production and transport often unpalatable , the less visible environmental consequences of their use worse still .
And there is not enough of them .
The current boom in “ unconventional ” gas ( see article ) seems likely to provide good news on both fronts .
The three conventional forms of fossil carbon — oil , coal and gas — differ both in the way the Earth stores them and the way its people use them .
Oil is found in relatively few places , and its energy density , pumpability and ease of use in internal - combustion engines makes it particularly well suited as a transportation fuel .
Coal is found in many more places — a whole geological era's worth of rocks , those of the Carboniferous , are named in its honour — and it cannot be pumped around , but can be crushed and burned and so produces baseload power .
Gas , typically found and exploited in the same sort of places as oil , is easily moved around through plumbing but is not , usually , seen as a transportation fuel .
It has filled niches in between : Europeans warm their homes with it and many developed countries generate some of their electricity with it .
Now new drilling technologies pioneered in America are allowing gas to be extracted from more types of rock — most notably shales , but also so - called “ tight ” sands and some coal formations — and thus from much more widespread sources .
Other innovations , such as producing liquefied natural gas from offshore sources and shipping it to its destinations directly , and technologies that might allow exploitation of the natural gas that is frozen into some permafrosts , further increase the scope for new production .
All told , this transition to more plentiful , diverse and widespread reserves in effect makes gas a bit more like coal , and a bit less like oil .
Coal , unlike oil , is hard to embargo : and an obvious consequence of the changes in gas production is that they make gas supply a less potent political tool .
In Europe , where Russia has used supply cut - offs to put pressure on neighbouring Ukraine , discoveries of shale gas in eastern Europe could diversify supply in a useful way .
But countries can benefit from unconventional reserves without actually having any .
More producers and a larger capacity to ship the fuel in its liquefied form — a capacity developed when no one foresaw that America would be supplying its own gas demand , thanks to its shales — will make gas a more fungible commodity .
That continuing trend will mean that very few countries will ever be locked into a single source .
In this more open market , existing gas producers reliant on conventional reserves that are hard to get at ( which includes many Russian reserves ) will have their prospects damaged , especially since the gas price will be increasingly decoupled from that of oil .
Burning issues
In the medium term the demand side of the business should change .
More diverse and abundant sources , which are making gas more coal - like , should also make it easier for electricity generators to switch from coal to gas .
Plants that burn coal produce about twice as much carbon dioxide as generators using gas .
Despite the lack of carbon prices in most economies , the uncertainty around future restrictions on carbon already adds to the risks of building new coal plants .
Safer - looking gas and riskier - looking coal provide an environment in which the effort required to induce switching from one to the other is lessened ; environmental prudence increasingly goes with the grain of the market .
The relevant effort need not be limited to carbon pricing .
Simply helping China and India realise their indigenous unconventional gas supplies could do a lot to encourage them to switch fuels .
That gas is more like coal these days is not unequivocally good news .
Coal mining is a messy business , often wreaking terrible environmental damage nearby .
Conventional gas production is relatively easy , but getting gas out of unconventional sources requires some physical and chemical violence to make the rocks more permeable .
The history of fossil - fuel extraction suggests that these processes may do harm .
The risks need independent study , and both shale - gas producers and environmental regulators need to take them seriously .
Another danger is that unconventional gas will push aside not just a swathe of coal - fired power stations , but promising renewables , too .
That would be wrong ; emitting less carbon is not a substitute for emitting none .
And , happily , gas - fired stations can boost the prospects for renewables , by smoothing out fluctuations in supply from renewable sources .
Unconventional gas is a striking example of innovation turning assumptions on their head and opening up new possibilities .
As such it should serve to inspire , as well as facilitate , further breakthroughs .
But it does n't abolish the need for them .
Recently I ’ve been playing with something I think is somewhat of a holy grail in LED enthusiast circles : the addressable RGB LED strip .
Non-addressable RGB strip ( meaning you can turn the whole strip a particular color but not any individual LED ) is becoming easier to find in the market but a RGB strip where you can actually control each LED individually has only been the subject of geek fantasy .
Every time I ’ve done something public with common RGB strip , someone has come up to me and said “ oh wow man , can you control those LED ’s individually ? ” .
No , sorry , with those strips you could n’t — but with this strip you can !
So where do these fabled strips come from ?
Well , the one I ’ve been playing with fell into my lap a few months ago — tossed there by my friend Dan who got it from a shady - looking factory in China while there evaluating LED video wall products .
I ’ve asked him for the name of the factory but he ’s so far been drawing a blank .
At the time he assumed ( as did I when I first saw it ) that the strip consisted nothing more of RGB LED ’s hooked up to standard standard shift registers , similar to how I built my single - color LED serial strip .
This turns out not to be the case and that the chips driving the LED ’s are actually packed with a bit of smarts to them .
This became evident when I built a simple test program which treated the strip like a common shift register but failed in confounding ways to work .
Eventually I had to cut away some of the silicone liner on the strip to get a closer look at the driver chip .
The chip turned out to be a “ HL1606 ” , nothing I ’d ever heard of .
A few hours of online research left me with a datasheet for the HL1606 written only in Chinese and a single posting by one “ John Cohn ” from September 2007 looking for anybody who had more information on how to drive the chip .
The posting did n’t get any useful replies .
I tried running the datasheet through Google translate which was somewhat successful but left me scratching my head over the precise way to interpret sentences like this :
When a data bit for the Road 10 ( D2D1 or D4D3 or D6D5 ) and latches valid , the corresponding LED driver output state for Prescribed changes gradually , when the change to keep the brightest light of the state , until the new data is entered and effective latch .
It * sounds * like english , right ?
Yeah , anyways , trying to decipher the datasheet lasted for only so long before I got pulled away to more important distractions and the RGB strip sat on my bench untouched for months .
Then Maker Faire happened and , by some freak chance , while I was chatting to people about the MonkeyLectric bike wheels , a guy came by wearing a most eye - catching headband .
The headband was constructed out flexible circuit board material on which RGB LEDs were mounted and were clearly being controlled individually .
Obviously , this was a guy I had to talk to .
After a short conversation I learned that he had found the strip from an electronics booth in China , the strip was built using HL1606 driver chips , and he too had had a heck of a time ( and only partial success ) figuring out how to drive them .
We exchanged contact info and a pledge to get in touch after the faire to share data and geek out on the strips .
It was n’t until after I had gotten home did I piece it together that this guy was none other than the “ John Cohn ” whose lonely , unanswered call for help in 2007 was the only evidence I was able to find that anybody else in the world was playing with these strips .
Maker Faire rocks .
Anyways , shortly after we got to our respective homes , John sent me a copy of the datasheet in Chinese which I had already found earlier as well as the PIC code for his headband .
The PIC code was the missing key to the puzzle and by studying it in conjunction with the machine - translated datasheet I was finally able to get my head wrapped around how the chip worked .
Below is a short video showing off a basic rainbow - scroll ( the “ hello world ” of addressable RGB strip effects ) :
So that nobody has to ever go through what John and I went through to get these strips to work , I wrote an Arduino library for the HL1606 and open sourced it .
It ’s still a bit unpolished and under - documented but it ’s feature - complete in the sense that it can control all of the features of the HL1606 .
Oh , and before anybody asks , I do n’t yet have a solid source for more of the strips but I ’ve found them being sold online .
So far I ’ve only been able to find them being bundled with a controller and I ’d like to find a source selling them without one ( hopefully at a reduced price ) .
To hunt them down on your own , the keywords to look for are HL1606 and 5 - volt operation .
The 5 - volt operation is actually the key distinguisher , as all of the non-addressable RGB strips run on 12V or higher .
Update 6/18/09 : I see John ’s posted an Instructable on his Too -cool Rainbow Headband .
In it he documents more what you need to do to drive the chip and even suggests some possible suppliers for the strips .
Check it out ( and if you like it , give him a vote for the ‘ Get the LED Out ’ contest he ’s entered it into 🙂
A 79 - year - old man who was mugged on the TTC says he tried his best to fight off the two men who attacked him .
" I tried to punch them but it was very fast , " said Yusuf Hizel on Thursday , five days after the subway attack .
" Very quickly , they grabbed me and they got my wallet and they just went away . "
Toronto police have released clear images of two suspects in the case .
The suspects were videotaped at a TTC subway station on April 24 shortly before the robbery took place at around 8:30 p.m .
Police say the attack occurred on an eastbound subway train , near Chester Station .
Hizel told police one of the suspects sat beside him and asked him if he had any change .
When Hizel said he did n't , the suspect asked him one more time .
A second suspect then chimed in and asked for change .
Feeling threatened , the man went to activate the Passenger Assistance Alarm but he could n't reach it .
He told police that he was then grabbed and robbed of his wallet .
" I am an old guy -- they thought that I had money , " said Hizel , who only had $ 40 on him .
The suspects ran from the train at Chester Station as Hizel gave chase .
They managed to get away .
Police later found the wallet on Danforth Avenue .
Although several witnesses were on the subway car at the time of the attack , no one came forward to help .
One witness later told CTV News that the robbery took place too quickly for anyone to react .
Despite the attack , Hizel 's wife said the couple will continue to take public transit .
" Let me tell you something , all of our lives in Toronto , we are TTC users , " said Emine Hizel .
" And it will never change "
No arrests have been made in the case .
If anyone has any information regarding the robbery or the identity of the two suspects in the video tape , please contact police at 416- 808-5400 or call Crime Stoppers at 416-222-TIPS .
With a report from CTV Toronto's John Musselman
AN Austrian skydiver has climbed from one plane to another , 2100 m above the ground , to redefine the idea of connecting flights .
While Blanik L- 13 was in the air , Paul Steiner climbed onto the wing and changed flights at a speed of 130 km / h .
The Red Bull stunt team
The 47 - year - old then stood up and formed a human connection between the two aircraft , before leaping off and parachuting to the ground .
“ This was an incredible stunt that has not been done ever before !
We rehearsed it for a whole year , minimised sources of errors and practised every single step again and again .
In the end it was all worth it , ” Steiner said .
The two Blanik pilots were Ewald Roithner and Kurt Tippl .
Originally published as Daredevil redefines ' connecting flight '
Between the yelling of sergeants , the rumble of jet engines , and the deafening pop of gunfire , a soldier 's sense of hearing rapidly deteriorates in the heat of battle .
Luckily , the Dutch company Microflown has designed a special microphone that can do a soldier 's listening for him .
By measuring the mechanical movement of individual air particles , as opposed to sound waves as a whole , the device can not only pinpoint the origin of sniper fire or approaching aircraft , but detail their make and model , as well .
Voters in the ski resort town of Breckenridge , Colorado legalized marijuana and marijuana paraphernalia by a nearly three - to - one margin on Tuesday .
It is the first municipality in the United States to allow paraphernalia , such as pipes , bongs and bubblers .
“ [ The measure ] passed 73 percent to 27 percent , ” ABC 7 News in Denver reported .
“ ‘ This votes demonstrates that Breckenridge citizens overwhelmingly believe that adults should not be punished for making the safer choice to use marijuana instead of alcohol , ’ said Sean McAllister , a Breckenridge attorney who proposed the ordinance , ” ABC continued .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Possession remains illegal under state law , but Breckenridge Police Chief Rick Holman said his department will ‘ still have the ability to exercise discretion , ' ” Colorado ’s Summit Daily News added .
“ It ’s never been something that we ’ve spent a lot of time on , so I do n’t expect this to be a big change in how we really do business , ” he said , according to the Daily News .
“ It will not make it more available to minors , wo n’t make it legal to smoke it on the street , wo n’t get you out of trouble if you ’re stoned behind the wheel , ” the Daily News opined in an editorial supporting the measure .
“ What it says is that if you , as an adult , choose to possess small amounts of marijuana for personal use , you wo n’t be busted for it .
It ’s still a much more stringent law than those that apply to alcohol — a substance you can own as much as you want of and consume in public . ”
The paper added : “ Eventually , it seems these small possession busts will be a thing of the past state - wide , which makes us conclude some kind of ‘ nuisance pot smoke ’ ordinance needs to take their place — roughly analogous to public intoxication statutes . ”
In Breckenridge , which has about 3,300 registered voters , passage of the measure is not a surprise .
While an effort to legalize marijuana state - wide failed during the 2006 elections , Breckenridge voters supported it by a margin of nearly 3 - to - 1 .
Additionally , the petition to levy a ballot measure that would legalize marijuana needed just under 500 signatures , but organizers collected over 1,400 .
Like a man who fears he 's about to get knifed in the heart , so plunges the blade into his own leg instead , the BBC has decided its best strategy for self - preservation is to suffer a little pain now to avoid a lot of pain later .
The strategy review unveiled today offered up a couple of radio networks and half its web pages by way of a sacrifice .
The latter sounds like a smart decision .
The core business of the BBC is broadcasting – it's there in the name – and if it has to make a choice between radio , television and an uncountable number of web pages then radio and TV should always come first .
( Full disclosure : I present The Long View , an occasional series on BBC Radio 4 . )
But the axing of 6 Music and the Asian Network looks so dumb , you almost suspect it 's a ruse .
What better way to demonstrate the depth of public affection for the BBC than to trigger a Twitterwave of protest ?
If it 's not a stunt , it 's hard to explain why the BBC would cut two networks that all but embody the corporation 's mission .
6
Music exists partly because if it was n't there , the market would never invent it : a specialist channel offering not the hamster 's wheel of a repetitive playlist but curated , eclectic music .
" Like friends playing each other bits from their record collections , " Jarvis Cocker said yesterday .
As for the Asian Network , the BBC director - general says British Asians will now be served across the rest of the BBC 's output .
Sounds nice , but something tells me Radio 2 is not about to clear its schedule for an hour of Bollywood and bhangra , or current affairs in Bengali .
So those programmes – a perfect example of the BBC serving the entire nation – would be lost .
With luck , the BBC Trust will see sense and veto those two proposals , deciding that since 6 Music only costs £ 9 m and the Asian Network £ 12.1 m – sums that would barely cover Alan Yentob 's taxi bill – axing them is not worth the aggravation .
In need of more attention might be the services for teens .
I do n't pretend to be a regular user of Switch or Blast , but I 'm troubled by the BBC 's argument that its role in providing for teenagers will be " secondary " to that of Channel 4 and others .
Troubled because the corporation 's future depends on Britons getting the BBC habit early .
Troubled too because the move is a concession to the whiskery rightwing argument that the BBC should meet only those needs that are not provided for elsewhere .
If the BBC has no need to address teens because C4 already does that , why does it bother with sport , given that Sky does that ; or news , since there 's always ITN ?
Follow that logic , and the corporation would end up exactly where its commercial rivals want it to be : as a subscriber service for a handful of tiny audiences whose niche tastes are so unprofitable no one else will cater to them .
The strategy review should have held firm on the principle that underpins the universal licence : that everybody in Britain should get something from the BBC .
So why has Mark Thompson done it ?
Because he feared that if he did n't jump from the second storey window , an incoming Conservative government would push him off the roof .
He is right to be anxious .
The Tories have indeed signalled a hostility to the BBC that is rare , if not unprecedented , in an opposition .
Why might that be ?
Two words : Rupert Murdoch .
People often speak of the unique influence of the media magnate , with his combination of economic and political muscle , but " influence " does n't quite capture it .
Instead David Cameron has simply allowed News Corp to write the Conservative party 's media policy .
Start with the BBC .
Murdoch , with son James , can't stand it – regarding it , a senior figure in broadcasting tells me , as " like the Ebola virus : they can't destroy it , so they try to contain it " .
They dress up their opposition in pseudo - intellectual free market blather , but the reality is much earthier than that : the BBC is a rival , and therefore an obstacle to their commercial ambitions .
The smaller and weaker the BBC becomes , the more money News Corp can make .
So the Murdochs constantly demand a cut in the licence fee .
Last year Cameron nodded dutifully , and called for an immediate freeze in the licence fee .
That would have marked an unprecedented break in the multi- year financial settlement that is so integral to the BBC 's independence – preventing it from constantly having to make nice to the politicians to keep the money coming in .
Second only to their loathing of the BBC is the Murdochs ' hatred of Ofcom , the regulator that stands between them and monopolistic domination of the entire UK media landscape .
They particularly dislike Ofcom snooping into pay - TV , an area that makes billions for Sky .
How odd , then , that a matter of days after the regulator published a proposal that would have forced
Sky to charge less for its sport and movie channels , Cameron , in a speech on quangos , suddenly singled out Ofcom , suggesting it would be cut " by a huge amount " , possibly even replaced altogether .
That 's the pattern in one area after another .
James Murdoch laments the success of BBC radio in outstripping the commercial alternatives .
Ed Vaizey , the Tories ' would - be broadcasting minister , suggests selling BBC Radio 1 and letting commercial stations use the frequency .
Sky wants to keep exclusive access to the Ashes , rather than seeing them return , free to air , to the BBC or C4 , and the Conservatives agree .
Not at first , it 's true : initially they quite liked the idea of " listed " sports events , of such national significance they would be available for everyone to see .
But someone must have had a word with the shadow culture secretary , because the position was soon straightened out – in perfect alignment with Sky's .
Any doubters should play a game of spot the difference .
Hold a copy of James Murdoch 's 2009 MacTaggart lecture in one hand , and a clutch of Tory policy positions on the media in the other .
Then see if you can tell them apart .
The unsophisticated will imagine this works crudely , with Cameron pulling out his notepad and taking dictation from Uncle Rupe .
And maybe it does .
News Corp 's latest preoccupation is gaining access for Sky to the wiring that delivers broadband , the " ducts " currently wholly controlled by BT .
Interesting to note , then , that Cameron , George Osborne and the rest of the party high command dined with the News International top brass in Davos in January – only for Osborne to announce that very week that he wanted to break up BT 's monopoly on those " ducts " .
Perhaps this is merely a happy alliance of like - minded folk who share what culture secretary Ben Bradshaw calls a " free market fetishism " .
Maybe the Tories coolly weigh up the policy alternatives , with no thought to the endorsement Murdoch 's Sun has given them and withdrawn from Labour , and just happen to reach a conclusion that matches News Corp 's business interests perfectly .
Rather more likely is that a Conservative government would repeat one of the ugliest chapters of the Bush - Cheney era , when the White House allowed the oil and gas industry to write its energy policy .
When it comes to media , the Tories are already doing that – handing the pen over to Rupert Murdoch .
Do n't say we were n't warned .
Attendees of the Opp rodeo did n't seem too concerned about how the snakes are captured or what happens to them after the show .
Billy Garner of Forestdale picks up a stuffed rattlesnake from a sales table and holds it out for his wife Julia to see .
Mrs Bowman 's daughter was murdered in Croydon , south London , in 2005 .
Gordon Brown has been accused of confusing the role the DNA database played in the capture of murdered Sally - Anne Bowman 's killer .
Earlier , he appeared with Ms Bowman 's mother as he criticised Tory plans to remove profiles of people who have not been convicted of a crime .
Human Rights group Liberty said the reason Ms Bowman 's killer , Mark Dixie , was caught was not due to the database .
Labour has passed legislation for DNA profiles to be kept for six years .
The Tories want to remove profiles of people who are not convicted after three years .
Dixie was caught after he was picked up in a pub brawl .
His DNA was taken and it connected him to Sally - Anne 's murder in Croydon , south London , in 2005 .
' Debate confused Mr Brown paid tribute to Sally - Anne 's mother Linda who he said had " suffered the most unspeakable tragedy yet still manages to be a compassionate campaigner for good " .
And he added the use of DNA helps the police put the most dangerous criminals behind bars .
But Shami Chakrabarti , director of Liberty , said election fever seemed to be confusing the debate about DNA retention .
" It has been suggested that the tragic case of Sally - Anne Bowman was only solved because her murderer was ' an innocent ' on the database .
In fact , he was arrested for a separate violent offence and it was then that his DNA was matched to the crime scene , " she said .
" We all agree that DNA taken on arrest should be checked against unsolved crimes - this is entirely different from stockpiling the DNA of innocent men , women and children for years on end . "
Labour proposals to cap the time a non-convicted person 's DNA records can be kept on the database to six years , were passed on Wednesday .
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that the current position , of indefinite retention , is unlawful .
' Hoard DNA '
The Conservatives believe samples should be removed from the database after just three years , as in Scotland , and should only be collected from people accused of the most serious offences .
Shadow home secretary Chris Grayling said : " Rather than storing the DNA of people who have not committed any offence , our priority is to record the DNA of known criminals - including prisoners and those on probation .
" Such a system would have allowed the police to catch Sally Anne Bowman 's killer faster , and it will help the police to catch many other criminals in future . "
The Lib Dems said it was " deeply disappointing Gordon Brown is using Sally Anne Bowman 's terrible murder to mislead people about the DNA database " .
Chris Huhne said : " It is completely right to check the DNA of those arrested against a database of unsolved crimes .
It is completely wrong to hoard innocent people 's DNA for years on end . "
At present , there are about six million profiles on the national DNA database , making it the biggest in the world .
Some 30,000 more are added every month .
Some 975,000 of the profiles were taken from people who have never been convicted of an offence .
Home Secretary Alan Johnson has said in 2008 - 09 , some 79 rape , murder and manslaughter cases in England and Wales were matched to DNA profiles taken from people who had been arrested but not convicted of any crime .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A key infrastructure lobby group has called for road taxes such as registration to be scrapped in favour of charging motorists for each kilometre they drive , just ahead of the release of the long - awaited Henry tax review .
Treasury secretary Ken Henry hinted last October that his tax review would recommend an overhaul of Australia 's road charges .
Dr Henry estimates road congestion , or what he calls the " tragedy of commons " , costs about $ 9 billion a year and will rise to $ 20 billion in a decade .
At the time he raised the prospect of a congestion tax to discourage people from driving during peak times .
The executive director of Infrastructure Partnerships Australia ( IPA ) , Brendan Lyon , says all existing road taxes - including registration , licensing fees and the fuel excise - could be abolished and replaced with a per-kilometre charge for motorists .
" [ That would mean ] moving to a three - tier pricing system , moving to a more efficient way of collecting tax charges across our transport network , bringing a fairer , more equitable system , " he said .
According to IPA 's calculations , the average motorist would pay about 8 cents for every kilometre they drove .
Driving during peak times in a metropolitan centre would cost more but the charge would be less if motorists ventured out during off - peak times .
Mr Lyon says an IPA paper has looked at what motorists would pay per kilometre now for a number of typical journeys in Sydney and Melbourne .
" That has shown that the average price for motorists under the status quo with the congestion road network is around 12 cents or more per kilometre , " he said .
" So we are in fact talking about lower costs for motorists . "
He says Australia could raise an additional $ 4 billion per annum for investment in transport infrastructure under that system .
The Henry tax review will be released on Sunday .
You can view detailed coverage of the Henry Review from 2:30 pm AEST at ABC News Online this Sunday .
From 5:00 pm you can hear a special report on the overhaul as chief political correspondent Lyndal Curtis and economics correspondent Stephen Long analyse the tax plan and detail business and community reaction .
This special will be streamed on ABC News Online and broadcast on ABC News Radio .
FOCUS Online : Mr. Alterman , ist ein Ende der Medienkrise in Sicht ?
Eric Alterman : Ehrlich gesagt : nein .
Ich lehre ja an der Universität Mediengeschichte – und die findet nun leider auf ziemlich traurige Weise ein Ende .
Die erste amerikanische Tageszeitung wurde 1691 veröffentlicht .
Doch jetzt wird vorhergesagt , dass die letzte Tageszeitung in Papierform in rund 30 Jahren erscheint .
Die Krise ist für uns sehr real .
Und es nicht nur eine Krise des Journalismus , sondern auch eine Krise der Demokratie .
Journalismus macht Spaß und ist interessant .
Aber genau genommen ist er nicht wichtig .
Wichtig ist die Rolle , die der Journalismus für eine informierte Gesellschaft spielen kann und sollte .
Eine Gesellschaft , die in der Lage sein muss , die Wahrheit über ihre Machthaber herauszufinden .
Aber auch eine , die sich über ihre eigenen kulturellen Werte verständigt .
FOCUS Online : Das klingt nach Jürgen Habermas .
Alterman : Genau .
Habermas sprach von einem offenen Raum .
So gesehen hat der Journalismus zwei Funktionen : Zum einen muss er informieren , zum anderen Diskussionen und Debatten stimulieren .
In Bezug auf die zweite Funktion hat das Internet zwar fantastische Möglichkeiten geschaffen , weil es Unmengen an Diskussionen heraufbeschworen hat und es ermöglicht , dass sich die Massen aktiv an der Demokratie beteiligen .
Doch eine Debatten - und Diskussionskultur ohne vertrauenswürdige Informationen kann sehr gefährlich sein .
Leider offenbart sich der größte Makel des Internets an seinem wirklich schlechten Einfluss auf die Informationsfunktion , die bislang von den klassischen Medien geleistet wurde .
Übertreiben
Sie nicht ein wenig ?
Es gibt doch zahlreiche populäre Nachrichtenangebote im Netz .
Einerseits können sich die Menschen auf einmal näher mit Dingen auseinandersetzen , mit denen sie sich ansonsten nie beschäftigt hätten : Regierungen , Geschäfte , Umweltverschmutzung , Kriminalität , Korruption oder der weltweiten Unterdrückung , also Themen , die vielleicht gar nicht ans Tageslicht kommen würden , wenn sie nicht im Netz diskutiert würden .
Das Problem ist andererseits , dass uns das Internet zu Demagogen macht .
Demagogie ist vor allem dann fruchtbar , wenn wir nicht ausreichend auf Informationen zugreifen können .
Und sobald die Tagespresse stirbt oder am Rande des Zusammenbruchs steht , was ja bei vielen großen amerikanischen Zeitungen schon längst der Fall ist , dann passiert genau das .
Die Leute gewöhnen sich schnell an so etwas , das hat man zuletzt an der leidigen Diskussion über die Gesundheitsreform in den USA gesehen :
Da wurde mit allen möglichen verrückten Behauptungen um sich geworfen .
Präsident Obama wurde sogar mit Hitler verglichen !
Widerstand ?
Fehlanzeige – zumindest nicht genug .
Die Journalisten konnten dagegen mit ihren fundierten Stellungnahmen rein gar nichts ausrichten .
Das klingt aussichtlos .
Für wie fatal halten Sie die Lage konkret ?
Die „ Los Angeles Times “ hat nur noch ungefähr die Hälfte der Mitarbeiter , die sie vor wenigen Jahren hatte .
Die „ Washington Post “ hat vielleicht noch einen Bruchteil mehr als die Hälfte , aber auch dort wurde stark gekürzt .
Der „ Boston Globe “ hat keinen einzigen Reporter für nationale oder internationale Themen mehr .
Und das sind ja nur die prominentesten Beispiele .
Es gab einmal eine Zeit , da standen all diese Tageszeitungen für eigene unabhängige Recherchen .
Heutzutage können die verbleibenden Journalisten dieser Blätter nicht einmal mehr kleine Gemeinden ausreichend mit Informationen versorgen .
Auch können sie sich nicht mehr Dingen widmen , die zu recherchieren einfach längere Zeit in Anspruch nimmt .
Überall richtet sich die Presselandschaft aufs Siechtum ein , ob es nun die „ San Diego Tribune “ ist oder der längst verkaufte Knight - Ridder - Verlag , dessen Journalisten für die differenzierteste Berichterstattung des Landes verantwortlich zeichneten .
Heute gehört Knight Ridder der McClatchy Company , deren Aktien nur noch etwa fünf Prozent dessen wert sind , was sie vor der Übernahme erbracht haben .
Es ist doch offenkundig , wo diese Entwicklung hinführt : Was als Erstes Schaden nehmen wird , ist die Demokratie in unserem Land .
The audience for Beck ’s Friday night special were each given copies of two books .
One of them was Cleon Skousen ’s Five Thousand Year Leap .
Skousen , who died in 2006 , is one of the legendary cranks of the conservative world , a John Bircher , a grand fantasist of theories about secret conspiracies between capitalists and communists to impose a one - world government under the control of David Rockefeller .
There ’s always been a market for this junk of course .
Once that market was reached via mimeographed newsletters .
Now it ’s being tapped by Fox News .
...
It ’s not a new message of course .
In fact , big parts of it seem almost self - consciously copied from Peter Finch ’s legendary declamation in the movie Network .
Of course , Finch was only pretending to be crazy .
He was an actor performing a role .
Then again – so probably is Glenn Beck .
But what about Fox News ?
What ’s their excuse ?
Prospective Conservative MPs are being groomed by a disturbingly plain - spoken organisation called the Young Britons ' Foundation , a self - proclaimed " Conservative madrasa " whose chief executive has called for environmental protestors to be " shot down " for violating the sanctity of private property .
He also considers the NHS to be " the biggest waste of money in the UK " , favours torture provided the circumstances are appropriate ( i.e. if the US says it 's all right ) , and has had his dear pupils entertained by the delightfully maladroit Conservative party chairman , Eric Pickles ; by their Minister for Whig History , Michael Gove ; and by Daveybloke 's chief barker and blatherer on defence , Liam Fox ; besides such predictable preachers of moderation as John Redwood and David Davis .
The president of the Young Britons ' Foundation is Daniel Hannan , another public health expert who is a Conservative MEP and thus a member of that charming European political grouping for whose tastes the likes of Silvio Berlusconi are too left - wing .
The Young Britons ' Foundation 's idea of giving students experience of another culture is to fly them to Virginia to play with automatic weapons .
On being asked about his involvement with these clean - limbed young builders of the future , Liam Fox said that just because he spoke to them does n't mean he endorses them , which is fair enough .
Let us hope he broke it gently that a nuclear attack on Iran followed by an invasion of China via the Churchillian underbelly of Russia may not be a realistic prospect , at least for the early years of the first Daveybloke administration .
Eric
Pickles did n't know anything about anything and then did n't return calls , which puts him in the unenviable plight of being less level - headed than Liam Fox .
Conservative Central Office denied any official links with the group , but " strongly recommends " activists to attend the courses .
The Young Britons ' Foundation is a broad church , just like Conservative Central Office , and you never know when a firing squad might come in handy .
Tenerife Catholic bishop blames child abuse on the children
Roman Catholic Bishop Bernando Álvarez said that there are 13 year - old children who are wanting to be abused , and “ if you are careless they will provoke you . ”
There is outrage in parts of Spain following declarations made over Christmas from the Bishop of Tenerife , Bernardo Álvarez .
His comments were that there are youngsters who want to be abused , and he compared that abuse to homosexuality , describing them both as prejudicial to society .
He said that on occasions the abuse happened because the there are children who consent to it .
“ There are 13 year old adolescents who are under age and who are perfectly in agreement with , and what ’s more wanting it , and if you are careless they will even provoke you , ” he said .
Regarding homosexuals , the Bishop said that homosexuality was something prejudicial to the people and to society , and that we would pay the consequences in the long term .
The Bishop claimed that both abuse of children and homosexuality would lead to future problems in society “ as has occurred in other civilizations . ”
The statements were made by the Bishop to his flock on Christmas Eve , in an interview given to the La Opinión de Tenerife local newspaper .
A later statement from the Bishop ’s residence on Tenerife explained that the Bishop did not intend to imply that “ an event as condemnable as the abuse of youngsters ” could be justified .
The Triángulo Canarias Foundation for the Social Equality of Gays and Lesbians commented that the Bishop ’s statements on homosexuality were unacceptable , as were comments he made considering being gay an illness .
Thanks to Spain News …
All of the serious charges against Gregory Girard have been dropped , yet he remains behind bars and denied bail until the people responsible for putting him there can devise a suitable “ crime ” to justify his imprisonment .
This task should n’t tax the malicious creativity of the Salem County Prosecutor , given that Girard , a resident of Manchester - by - the - sea , Massachusetts , is a middle - aged male gun owner and unreconstructed “ right - wing extremist . ”
As Josef Stalin ’s secret police chief Lavrenti Beria put it :
Find me the man , and I ’ll find the crime .
In early February , police learned of Girard ’s unremarkable gun collection — invariably described as an “ arsenal ” or “ cache ” by the statist stenographers who call themselves local journalists — when his wife , a psychiatrist , told them that she was afraid to return to their home following an argument .
Among the specific concerns related to the police by Girard ’s wife was his supposedly alarming view that martial law is imminent .
Since it is unacceptable for people to believe that government agents will carry out paramilitary raids to confiscate firearms , a paramilitary force was sent to Girard ’s home to confiscate his firearms .
Stormtroopers from CART , the ATF , and the state police surrounded the condo , evacuated two units , and then called Girard to invite him outside .
Seeing his home surrounded by a ring of heavily armed , black - clad bucketheads clearly possessing malign intent , Girard understandably declined the invitation .
After the police barged into his home , Girard put up no resistance , beyond insisting that his “ hand grenades ” were innocuous and perfectly legal smoke grenades .
The first media accounts of the incident were a bulimic recital of pre-chewed soundbites fed to the press by the police .
Girard ’s collection of " approximately twenty " firearms — in fact , he owned 11 rifles and two handguns , all legally purchased and duly registered — suddenly became an " an alarming , nearly military - grade stockpile . "
The Best of William Norman Grigg
Washington ( CNN ) -- Senate Democrats called out Republicans on Thursday for what they said was the promotion of " falsehoods " on the financial reform bill and vowed to move the bill forward .
Republican leadership has " decided the best way to stop it ... is by polluting the debate with myths and mischaracterizations , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said at a news conference after President Obama 's speech on financial reform in New York .
" I 'm not going to waste any more time .
...
If they let us go to it , we 'll be happy to start debate , " Reid said .
" The games are over . "
The Senate 's financial reform bill would set up new regulatory oversight of the financial industry 's practices with the goal of preventing another Wall Street meltdown like the one in 2008 that launched the U.S. recession .
Approved by the Senate 's Banking and Agricultural committees , the bill includes an " early warning " system intended to spot signs of another crisis , as well as a $ 50 billion liquidation fund created with money from banks and other finance industry corporations to ensure an orderly transition in closing down failing entities .
On Thursday , Reid filed a motion to end debate on the bill , setting up that vote for Monday .
The expected outcome of the vote is too close to call .
Reid said Democrats are willing to work with Republicans if they are earnest about pushing the bill forward .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell shot back at Reid 's claims , saying on the Senate floor , " here we go again . "
" The majority leader is once again moving to a bill , even while bipartisan discussions on the content of the bill are still under way , " he said , referring to the health care bill that was recently signed into law .
The Kentucky Republican criticized Democrats and the White House for " ramming " health care reform down Americans ' throats .
He said it 's important to take the time to get the bill right and said discussions should continue .
" Now , I think Americans expect more of us .
I think they expect us to take the time to do it right . "
But Democrats say the lesson they learned from the health care debate was to push back immediately against false claims .
Sen . Chuck Schumer , D - New York , said Democrats let too many health care reform " lies " go unchallenged .
" On the health care bill , we allow too many lies to get out there without rebuttal because we thought they were so obviously untrue .
But we 've learned our lesson , " he said .
His solution : " The minute these things come out the mouths of some of our Republican colleagues , we rebut them , and we rebut them again and again . "
Democrats are pushing to get a reform package approved this year .
The Senate is debating the motion to proceed to the financial regulations bill , but Democrats need at least one Republican vote to get it to the floor .
Democrats believe that a handful of Republicans are in play , but none has announced their intention to vote to end debate .
The House passed its version of the bill in December .
In the meantime , Sens. Richard Shelby , R - Alabama , and Chris Dodd , chairman of the Banking Committee , say they will continue negotiations over their differences in the bill .
They do so as Democratic leaders warn that the talks may be nothing more than a stalling tactic by Republicans furious that their rivals are rushing the bill to the floor just as bipartisan talks are showing signs of life .
At one point during Reid 's news conference Thursday , a video was played , highlighting what Democrats see as GOP misinformation .
In the video , McConnell said the bill " allows for tax - funded bailout for Wall Street banks .
It institutionalizes them .
...
It provides for an endless taxpayer bailout of Wall Street banks . "
Sen .
Dick Durbin , the second highest - ranking Senate Democrat , denied that there is any bailout provision in the Senate 's bill .
" The taxpayers do n't pay for any part of this , and at the end of it , the company is gone , " he said .
" There 's nothing to bail out . "
House Minority Leader John Boehner , in responding to Obama 's speech , continued to insist that the bill is a bailout .
" While the president says he wants to reform Wall Street , the bill we have in front of us will actually provide permanent bailouts for Wall Streets and enshrine ' too big to fail , ' " he said .
A video of Sen. Jon Kyl was also played in which the Arizona Republican talked about how consumer protection parts of the bill would regulate dentists and even butchers .
" Once again , not true , " Schumer said .
" The new Consumer Protection Agency will make sure that consumers are getting financial products ... and services that will help them save money or buy a home . "
CNN 's Ted Barrett , Dana Bash and Tom Cohen and CNNMoney.com 's Jennifer Liberto contributed to this report .
The NY Times :
The torture of Iraqi detainees at a secret prison in Baghdad was far more systematic and brutal than initially reported , Human Rights Watch reported on Tuesday .
The Washington Post :
Adding to the political tension , Human Rights Watch released a report late Tuesday saying that members of a military unit under the command of Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki , a Shiite , systemically tortured and sexually abused hundreds of Sunni Arab prisoners .
NPR :
Iraqi men held for months at a secret prison outside Baghdad were systematically tortured and forced to sign confession statements that in at least some cases they were forbidden to read , according to a new report by a human rights group released Wednesday .
When OTHER people do it , HRW is a legitimate , credible source , and it is not “ allegations of torture ” or “ enhanced interrogation techniques . ”
Funny , that .
In a really sad way .
*** Update ***
We ’ll see how much the Iraqi government has been paying attention they call this the work of a few bad apples doing some frat boy pranks and then publish the menu at the prison .
Colette Crutcher said she knows a little bit about being arrested for blocking the sidewalk , even if she was n't doing that .
Crutcher , 52 , said she was arrested decades ago on suspicion of blocking the sidewalk after peeking her head out of a cafe as police broke up a protest against former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger in front of a San Francisco hotel where he had been making an appearance .
And that prompted the self - described resident of the " People 's Republic of Bernal Heights " to take a stand - well , a seat , actually - Saturday against San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom 's proposed ban against sitting or lying on public sidewalks anywhere in the city .
" It sounds like it 's something pretty antithetical to the spirit of San Francisco , " said Crutcher , as she drew bright blue and green wave patterns on the sidewalk in front of the Bernal Heights Library .
" I do n't think there is any need for such a law .
I think all it will do is encourage the police to stop people they do n't like . "
Crutcher was among about 10 people clustered in front of the library to protest Newsom 's proposed sit / lie law , one of what organizers said were about 50 places across the city where residents took to the concrete as part of a " Sidewalks Are for People " campaign to thwart the legislation .
There was afternoon tea in Cole Valley , a neighborhood party north of the Panhandle Park and barbecues at various spots .
People drew with chalk on the sidewalks , did yoga and grumbled that San Francisco was slipping toward a police state .
" It seems un -American to me , to go after the most vulnerable people in our society , " said Allen Trachtenberg , 82 , who was handing out flyers that read : " There are already enforceable laws against aggressive behavior .
Criminalizing sitting on the sidewalk wo n't solve anything - it will just turn more of us into criminals . "
That cake is just .... wow .
I dunno if I 'd wanna eat it .
And I 'm surprised it took so long ; I did n't even know the cake could still taste good after that many days lol !
xD
The gold parts actually have a little gleam to them .
That 's awesome .
O___O
A decade ago , the federal Energy Information Administration predicted that the installed capacity of wind turbines in the United States would , at best , reach 20,000 megawatts by 2020 .
It was one of the EIA 's patented underestimates of renewable energy sources .
This morning , the American Wind Energy Association ( AWEA ) released its annual report [ pdf ] .
Installed U.S. wind capacity as of December 2009 : 35,000 megawatts .
Of that , 10,000 megawatts were installed in 2009 , the most in U.S. history , and 39 % of the total new electricity - generating capacity installed last year , second behind natural gas .
Some 3000 megawatts are currently under construction .
Wind power now generates 1.8 % of all U.S. electricity .
Without grants from the Obama administration 's American Recovery and Reinvestment
Act – the stimulus package – many of those new turbines now cranking power out to residences and businesses would be sitting in warehouses .
And many of the 85,000 Americans employed in the wind industry in all 50 states would be in the unemployment queue .
Fourteen states have now joined the wind power " gigawatt club , " that is , at least 1,000 megawatts of installed capacity .
In 2008 , only seven states could make that claim .
In 2005 , only two could .
The top three ?
Texas , Iowa , and California .
While everybody would expect the two giants to be on that list , Iowa has a bigger claim to fame than either of them .
Thanks to far - sighted state policies that saw the state 's first big wind farm installed at Storm Lake in 1999 when EIA was downplaying the future of wind , turbine farms and other wind installations now generate 14.2 percent of Iowa 's electricity .
But , while the United States has again recaptured the lead in wind - turbine installations , tripled the number of manufacturers who install turbines to 15 in just five years , and managed with the help of the stimulus package to beat expectations during the recession , there are obstacles ahead .
These include the need for new and upgraded transmission lines and nimbyism .
But the chief stumbling block is the myopic lack of a federal policy that levels the playing field for expansion of wind and other renewable energy .
Needed is a federally mandated " renewable energy standard , " an RES .
Of all the OECD countries , the United States and Canada are the only ones that do n't have an industrial policy that includes RES targets for 2020 .
All of Europe , Japan , Korea , India and China have set targets .
As Sarah Howell , AWEA 's vice president for public affairs said at a press conference Thursday , there is an ongoing race between U.S. policies and the policies of other countries when it comes to wind .
Remaining competitive in this market will require a different approach in Washington .
Over the years , the failure to establish an RES created a boom - and - bust cycle for wind energy in the United States .
Federal production tax credits have been highly beneficial to the industry .
But these have had to be renewed by Congress every one or two years .
They have sometimes expired , only to be revived at some future date .
This has made it impossible for the industry or potential customers to make firm plans .
And , even though the modern wind energy industry started in the United States in the 1980s , failure to set a long - term policy meant that other countries , like Denmark and Germany , leaped ahead in manufacturing and installations , respectively .
As Denise Bode , CEO of the AWEA says , the wind sector " needs long - term policy certainty and market pull in order to grow . "
The myopia that has afflicted U.S. energy policy for three decades had a chance for some correction in 1999 when Secretary of Energy Bill Richardson presented the Comprehensive Electricity Competition Act to Congress .
Among other things , this included a federal " renewable portfolio standard " requiring that a certain level of future electricity come from renewable sources , including wind .
Congress did n't go for it .
Last year , as part of its comprehensive energy bill , the House of Representatives finally approved an RES of 20 percent by 2020 .
But the Senate is still wrangling with its version .
Last month , the Governors ' Wind Energy Coalition , a bipartisan group of chief executives from 29 states , called on Congress to quickly pass an RES .
A new study , the Jobs Impact of a National Renewable Electricity Standard , conducted by Navigant Consulting , Inc. , found that a 25 % by 2025 national RES would generate 274,000 more renewable energy jobs over a no-national RES policy .
Lower carbon emissions , added U.S. manufacturing operations , more jobs and a potential bonanza in exportable products make an RES a no - brainer .
But it was a no - brainer in 1999 , too , and not enough members of Congress showed they had the brains to make it happen .
Is it too much to hope that the Senate shows it 's learned something since then ?
It ’s the conversation some say Toronto ’s council has been afraid to have — whether contracting out could lead to a better , more affordable TTC .
Until the mayoral race and budget deliberations suddenly brought the issue to the surface , “ There ’s been an absolute refusal to even consider it , ” said Councillor Peter Milczyn , who sits on the Toronto Transit Commission .
“ There may have been people in the civil service who ’ve seen the value of this , but they would n’t be allowed to pursue it . ”
Privatized transit might be a radical notion in downtown Toronto .
But at least two major regional transit operators already contract their operations .
GO Transit is about halfway through a five - year contract with Montreal - based Bombardier Inc. to crew its trains .
Worth about $ 23.9 million annually , the contract was designed to ensure a higher level of service than the previous supplier , CN .
It was also expected to save GO $ 1 million to $ 2 million per year .
York Region Transit ’s regular bus service and its premium VIVA bus rapid transit are based on the system of contracted providers inherited from communities such as Markham that were amalgamated into the regional system a decade ago .
“ It ’s good value for our citizens and we have very substantive contracts , ” said York Region chair Bill Fisch .
“ We have a process .
If they do badly they lose money ; if they do well they get bonuses . ”
York , which has four private bus providers , also contracts some routes to the TTC .
Each supplier is allowed to operate in only two of the four regional service zones so the system is unlikely ever to shut down entirely because of labour or operational issues .
When VIVA drivers employed by Veolia Transportation went on strike two years ago , riders still had the option of using the YRT routes .
The flip - side is that the employer , not elected officials , are responsible for how long a labour dispute drags on .
Phoenix , Ariz. , has a similarly contracted - out transit system that uses three major suppliers , including Veolia , that provide service on a price per route - mile basis .
The companies ca n’t come after the city if the route is a money - loser .
Like many U.S. cities , however , Phoenix is struggling financially right now and is in the process of cutting back its bus service , according to Marie Chapple of the Phoenix Public Transit Department .
“ As we reduce service , we will reduce employees .
Through the private contractor , it ’s easier to expand and reduce staff , ” she said .
But customer service rather than labour relations could be the motivation for contracting out parts of the TTC , suggested Ben Dachis , a policy analyst at the right - leaning CD Howe Institute .
The TTC would be able to dictate its service parameters in its supplier contract , specifying performance measures such as adherence to bus schedules that could be monitored by GPS , he said .
“ What you can do to create buy - in from the unions is to allow them to bid alongside the private organizations . ”
If you divied up the bus service into geographic zones , you could have various bidders vying with the union for that piece of business .
That ’s something Dachis believes will be more important in the future as regional transit agencies are increasingly integrated .
But nobody thinks wholesale privatization of the TTC is a good idea , said Dachis .
“ We ’re talking about incremental change here .
You ca n’t just start operating a subway .
It ’s not a turn - key operation , ” he said .
London , England , is proof of that , says a veteran of that city ’s experiment in privatized transit , which has resulted in a hybrid of public - private operations on the London Underground and bus services .
One of two companies contracted to maintain the London subway , Metronet , went bankrupt , leaving taxpayers on the hook for what some have estimated to be more than a billion pounds .
“ That risk , in reality , always remains with the taxpayer .
It was a silly model , ” said Mike Challis , who lived in Toronto in 2008 and spent lots of time studying the TTC .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ Government had lulled themselves into the belief that the private sector is far more efficient than it is .
Taking the huge amount of investment off the government books — it ’s just creative accounting , and in the long run it costs the taxpayer more , ” he said .
“ I think the TTC is quite efficient and accountable to its public .
It ’s actually pretty good , certainly for North America : high levels of service ; frequent service , integration of subway is very good .
It would be crazy to throw all that away . ”
With files by Paul Moloney
It may never replace the rousing roar of ‘ sinne fianna fáil ’ at an All - Ireland hurling final , but Ireland has a new ‘ national anthem ’ that captures the modern mood in a way Amhrán na bhFiann does n’t quite manage .
An ‘ alternanthem ’ Ireland , Ireland ! was recorded for The Irish Times by musicians Neil Hannon and Thomas Walsh in their incarnation as The Duckworth Lewis Method .
Unquestionably catchier – and certainly shorter – than the official national anthem , it invokes the names of some post - St Patrick patron saints and scholars on a diverse spectrum from Joyce to Jedward .
In under two minutes , the tune succinctly references our soggy climate , agricultural heritage , music , politics , sport , literature and our current economic woes .
Walsh , frontman with the Dublin band Pugwash , collaborated with Hannon as the The Duckworth Lewis Method for an acclaimed cricket - themed album last year .
He said the musical approach to the anthem was “ straight out of the vaudevillian front parlour ” and that the pair had a “ real laugh ” writing it .
He also credits singer - songwriter Cathy Davey , who mixed the tune .
“ We tried to get the irony and the satire and the melody across in one go .
It was very nice to get the call .
We loved the idea , but it ’s been a very busy time . ”
The Choice Music Prize and the Meteor Awards , as well as Hannon ’s commitment to putting the finishing touches to his new Divine Comedy album ensured the pair could n’t get together until last week to work on the song .
“ I said to him last week that I think Paddy ’s Day has to be the deadline and we should just do this .
I went over to his place last week and we did it in about five hours .
We ’d written the basic tune when I was out helping him out with some artwork on his album . ”
Walsh admits that a few of the original lines that gave himself and Hannon a laugh while they worked did n’t make the final cut .
But he ’s happy with the result .
“ I ’m very proud that within four lines we did Joyce , Heaney , Beckett and Wilde down to Westlife and Jedward .
Just to show the complete and utter demise of our society over a couple of hundred years . ”
Derry - born Hannon is the writer and singer behind The Divine Comedy and his re-worked Songs of Love became the instantly recognisable theme tune to Father Ted .
He co-wrote an alternative Eurovision song entry My Lovely Horse for the Father Ted episode A Song for Europe .
But calls from some quarters for it to be entered as Ireland ’s real Eurovision song following our multiple failed attempts to qualify for the contest fell on deaf ears .
Walsh does n’t yet know whether Ireland , Ireland !
will be embraced as an alternative anthem , but he ’s hopeful .
“ We ’re completely at the whim of The Irish Times and the nation .
We ’re not getting ahead of ourselves , but we ’d like them to sing it before the Scottish game this weekend . ”
Ireland , Ireland !
By ‘ The Duckworth Lewis Method ’
Ireland , Ireland , damp sod of earth
lost on the surf of the North Atlantic .
Ireland , Ireland , mountains and mist ,
Vodka and chips , it ’s so romantic .
Joyce and Heaney , Beckett and Wilde ,
Bill O’Herlihy , Dunphy and Giles ,
Evans , Hewson , Mullen and Clayton ,
Westlife and Jedward the pride of our nation !
Ireland , Ireland , once we were poor ,
Then we were wealthy ; now we are poor again .
Cows and horses , donkeys and sheep ,
Munster and Leinster , Connacht and ******.
Chinese , Polish , Africans too ,
Doing the jobs we do n’t want to do .
An Irish stew , a nation of nations ,
Working for peanuts in petrol stations .
Ireland , Ireland , you are the best
Place to the west of Wales and Scotland .
Sometimes it ’s heaven , sometimes it ’s hell ,
But I ’d rather be Irish than anything else . ”
WRITTEN BY 'DUCKWORTH & LEWIS ' c.2010
It is now time for us to say goodbye to v2.x , and focus all our attention on v3 .x+.
We FINALLY have a tool that facilitates migration of our v2.x and classic users to the latest and more stable version of the Ushahidi platform .
We ’ve been working on this migration tool for over a year , as we owe it to our users to provide a pathway for your continued impactful work .
As such , we ’re strongly advising all our users to migrate their deployments before January 15 , 2021 .
White extremists , angry at the passage of health care reform , are mobilizing to punish the Godless Democratic lawmakers who are responsible for the coming of Armageddon .
The FBI is involved after a series of death threats .
Here are some highlights .
Right - wing nutjobs have graduated from simply yelling racial and homophobic slurs at Democratic lawmakers , to direct action .
Bricks have been thrown through windows of several Democratic Party offices , some with Barry Goldwater ( ?! ) quotes attached .
Virginia Congressman
Tom Perriello's brother had the gas line to his home severed after Tea Partiers posted the wrong address on the internet .
They were encouraging people to visit Perriello and " express their thanks , " for his ‘ yes ' vote .
The AP spoke with one of the organizers :
Nigel Coleman , chairman of the Danville Tea Party , said he re-posted the comment that originated on another conservative blog , including the address , Monday on his Facebook page .
The posts were taken down after the mistake was discovered .
" We 've never been associated with any violence or any vandalism , " he said .
" We 're definitely sorry that we posted the incorrect address . "
Representative Bart " Baby Killer " Stupak received a voicemail that said :
I hope you bleed ... ( get ) cancer and die . "
And then he got a fax that read :
All Baby Killers come to unseemly ends Either by the hand of man or by the hand of God . "
Missouri Rep. Russ Carnahan found a coffin on his lawn .
And these are just a few of the incidents so far .
But hey , this is just freedom of expression , the way the Founding Fathers intended !
Republican John Boehner has denounced the threats and violence , but Democrats are demanding that he come out stronger in his condemnation of the wackos in his own party .
Earlier this week , Times columnist Bob Herbert offered this analysis :
The toxic clouds that are the inevitable result of the fear and the bitter conflicts so relentlessly stoked by the Republican Party - think blacks against whites , gays versus straights , and a whole range of folks against immigrants - tend to obscure the tremendous damage that the party 's policies have inflicted on the country . "
Talking Points Memo is keeping a pin-map of the attacks and serious threats that have happened so far across the country .
Sadly , it is bound to grow .
Finally , here is a Drudge headline and a subtle advertisement encouraging people to let Nancy Pelosi know how they really feel .
[ Image via , Drudge ]
Wow , what a day .
First , Wirefly.com announced a special price that was cheaper than Verizon 's or Best Buy's , and now Amazon.com one - upped them and is currently offering the HTC Droid Incredible at $ 99 !
That 's $ 100 cheaper than VZW.com ( which is currently sold out ) or Best Buy , and comes with a FREE 2 - day shipping when purchased with a service plan .
Moreover , Amazon traditionally does n't charge any tax in most states .
We are not sure whether they do on the phones or not so if someone could clarify that in the comments , it would be great .
If there is no tax , this deal is SWEEEEEET !
If you want this bad boy and want it at a great price , head over to Amazon and pick it up before it flies off their shelves too .
" He told her to stop and there were words between them .
He seems to have pulled her away from the window by her bag on her shoulder and shouted at her and it was alleged he kicked her .
Google should not expect to be beyond international criticism while it offers the US Government access to its data on request but lambasts other governments for interfering with the rights of online users .
It has been telling to watch some of our peers in the press work the controversy over Senator Conroy 's criticism of Google 's privacy record on ABC radio last week as he was questioned on his internet filtering policy .
The headlines only illustrated the ferocity of opposition to Conroy 's nanny - state filter and just how well marketed Google 's " do no evil " mantra is .
Scribes just could n't believe a minister would have the nerve to question Google .
Like or loathe his policy , the Senator has grounds to point out the contradiction Google is in .
The search company condemns the Chinese Government for censoring its results and Australia for planning to do the same while it breaks faith with its users around the world by sharing their data with the US Government .
The Patriot Act introduced by President Bush - which allows US authorities to search telecommunications and email communications to fight the ' war on terror ' - was not designed by Google .
But complying with it places the company in an awkward position .
Google chief executive officer Eric Schmidt admitted the company is at times compelled to share data with the US Government .
Representatives from Google Australia have since confirmed the company 's policy of complying with these United States government regulations .
" We 're committed to protecting user privacy when faced with law enforcement requests , and have a track record of advocating on behalf of users in the face of such requests , " the company told iTnews in a statement .
" We scrutinise each one to ensure that it adheres to both the letter and the spirit of the law before complying , and do our best to notify the subject named in any such requests to give them the opportunity to object .
" Like all law - abiding companies , we comply with U.S. laws and legal processes . "
Google is thus in a contradictory position to comment on government interference with a citizen 's data .
It says , like the government , that it only wants to interfere with a customer 's data in the case of suspected child porn - which sounds straight out of the Minister 's songbook .
At least Australians have always known where we stand with Senator Conroy and Prime Minister Kevin Rudd .
Whether we like it or not , both of our major political parties have promised their stakeholders an internet filter for some time .
And Senator Conroy always has the advantage of leaning back on the fact that the ALP - at a high level - made its " cyber- safety " agenda public before it was elected to government .
I do n't expect opponents of the filter are going to let Senator Conroy steamroll filtering legislation through Parliament without a very good and worthy fight .
But I 'd suggest activists be wary of their allies .
After all , as Australian citizens we can always vote the Rudd Government out if it displeases us .
We have far less power over Google .
Editor 's note -
This story previously referred to an extract by a local Google engineer recorded at a conference in New Zealand .
Google has since made an official response to the issue ( as stated in the copy above ) conceding that it does indeed provide access to the US Government upon request and the story has been amended with the official response .
​ Hyden Zakheim , LLP is open and continues to assist current and new clients during the Coronaviris shutdown .
We are able to take advantage of technology which enables us to meet with you remotely in a safe , secure and effective manner .
Please do not hesitate to contact us by email:ae@hydenzakheimlaw.com , or telephone : 925-831-0636 .
Thank you for your business .
​
Welcome .
If you are reading this , we understand you are going through a personal situation requiring legal assistance .
Whether you have a family law , estate planning , probate , immigration or general civil
litigation matter , we are here to help .
" HIGH QUALITY SERVICE , SOUND LEGAL ADVICE , PRACTICAL SOLUTIONS – ALL AT FAIR AND REASONABLE RATES . "
At Hyden Zakheim , LLP we provide trusted legal counsel to and representation of the people and businesses of the extended Bay Area .
With over 30 years of experience , our Contra Costa County family law lawyers understand that clients do not want to hear excuses - they want problem solving and they want results .
From providing personal attention to people in a range of family law matters , to offering legal advice and representation to our litigation clients , we are able to deliver a personal approach to address your legal matters .
Our goal is to provide you with quality service , sound legal advice , practical solutions , and competitive , reasonable rates .
" YOUR PROBLEM IS OUR PROBLEM " - DELIVERING PERSONALIZED
LEGAL COUNSEL TAILORED TO MEET EACH INDIVIDUAL CLIENT’S NEEDS
When a client first meets an attorney , a relationship forms .
An attorney ’s job is to address their client ’s issue as his or her own .
This is our approach at Hyden Zakheim , LLP : our Contra Costa County family law lawyers advocate for clients as we would for ourselves .
Every client wants an attorney who cares about their case , vigorously and effectively advocates the client ’s position , and searches for the most effective problem solving tools available .
Sometimes a problem is best solved by litigation ; other times it is best solved by mediation , settlement and other non-litigious strategies .
In addition to advising clients on their rights , managing fees and costs is of primary concern in determining the correct legal approach .
Whatever the case , establishing a personalized legal strategy for each individual client is the key to successfully resolving client problems .
" OUR DIVERSE CLIENTELE DICTATES A MULTI -CULTURAL APPROACH TO OUR LEGAL STRATEGIES . "
We strive to provide personalized legal representation to the Bay Area 's diverse population .
Our clients hail from many countries including Ireland , Russia , Italy , India , Mexico , France , Brazil , Israel and more .
These diverse families seek help with divorce , custody , support , estate planning and probate matters , immigration , visas , naturalization , as well as business owners who need personalized legal representation .
At Hyden Zakheim , LLP , our Contra Costa County family law attorneys look forward to learning about a client ’s culture and background and work hard to blend these traditions with US law .
No matter the issue or the cultural background and unique set of circumstances , we offer a personalized , tailored approach specifically designed to meet the individual client ’s needs in the following areas :
Family Law * Immigration * Litigation * Estate Planning * Probate
SCHEDULE A MEETING
From our office in San Ramon , we serve our client ’s various legal needs in the following counties : Contra Costa , Alameda , Santa Clara , San Mateo , San Francisco , Solano , San Joaquin and throughout the Bay Area of California .
To speak with one of our lawyers about your legal issue , call 925-831-0636 or contact us online .
( CNN ) --
At 15 , Christopher Poole started a Web site that has become one of the seedier , darker corners of the Internet .
You may never have heard of 4 chan , but chances are the Web site has touched your Internet browsing experience in one way or another .
The 4 chan community of 7 million users , which Poole called a " meme factory , " has been blamed ( or credited ) with starting the LOLcats and Rickrolling crazes .
LOLcats are those goofy pictures of cats with random phrases pasted on them .
Rickrolling refers to the practice of sending a Rick Astley song to a friend , or posting his music video for " Never Gonna Give You Up " on a Web site in an unexpected place .
The image - based message board also is known for spreading porn and for hacking into mainstream Web sites and social networks .
Increasingly , Poole 's followers have been jumping into real - world pranks , too .
Some 7,000 4 chaners rallied to protest Scientology , some wearing masks to preserve the anonymity they have online , Poole said .
Poole talked with CNN after a rare public appearance this month at the TED Conference in Long Beach , California .
TED , which stands for " technology , entertainment , design , " is a nonprofit group that says it 's dedicated to " ideas worth spreading . "
In the interview , Poole said anonymity on the Internet is becoming an endangered species .
" We 've just moved more and more toward persistent user identity , " he said .
" Your online identity lives in ... [ several ] places now .
You 've got a Twitter , you 've got a Facebook .
I guess you used to have a MySpace .
" So people are just putting loads of information about themselves in these places , and we 're becoming very comfortable with sharing very intimate details about our life .
It 's just everything . "
Poole said he finds the amount of information people post about themselves online these days to be frightening .
All posts on 4 chan are anonymous , and many are deleted shortly after they 're posted .
Poole said that allows for open and honest discourse , although he admits it gets a bit explicit at times .
" With the anonymous system , you 've got a place where people are uninhibited .
...
You 're getting very truthful conversation .
And you judge somebody by the content of what they 're saying and not their username , not their registration date , " he said .
Poole only recently revealed his true online identity .
For years , he went only by " moot " on the Internet .
Now 22 , Poole still guards many details about his life .
For instance , he told CNN he is a college student in New York but would n't say where .
His parents did n't know about the site until recently either , he said , and they only found out because a news reporter called them .
He said they still do n't get the full reach of 4 chan .
They understand it just enough to know it 's a big deal , but not enough to be afraid of it , he said .
I should say upfront that I 'm a big fan of Lawrence Lessig 's causes and his presentation techniques .
My favorite might be his 2007 tour de force at TED about John Philips Sousa , Jesus singing " I Will Survive , " and the joys and dangers of remix culture .
A few days back he spoke at TEDxNYED about what conservatives can teach the free culture movement .
I may be getting into trouble recommend a talk about conservatives here — some of the email I received last week suggests that a good percentage of the readers here might find a Kucinich - Sanders ticket to be hopelessly middle of the road — but this talk is classic Lessig , from its " I Was a Teenage Republican " opening to his real - time Wikipedia fix , to a reminder that Republican Walt Disney ( the guy , not the company ) was something of a remixer .
There 's plenty to argue about here and he presents in black and white some issues that are full of grays , but chances are you wo n't spend 20 minutes today with a smarter person .
It 's worth watching and thinking about even if , like me , you agree with only part of it .
ANN ARBOR , MI — The University of Michigan has become the 17th institution of higher learning to be implicated in the checks - for - degrees scandal rocking American campuses , representatives from the Department of Justice reported Tuesday .
The campus of the embattled University of Michigan .
Advertisement
" We have strong evidence that the University of Michigan granted academic degrees to students in exchange for hefty payments , often totaling tens of thousands of dollars , " Deputy Attorney General James B. Comey said .
" In the process , thousands of graduates have emerged with degrees , but few or no skills applicable to everyday life .
And many are as unprepared to enter the job market as they were when they first enrolled . "
According to documents collected as a part of the Justice Department 's ongoing investigation , some University of Michigan undergraduates attended classes fewer than three times a week .
During these classes , students were asked to do little more than listen to lectures delivered by their professors .
Advertisement
Comey said that , while it seems apparent that the universities under investigation were conducting a monetary transaction , millions of degree - buyers believed that they had not bought , but " earned " their diplomas .
" The university is very careful to circumscribe the financial element of the transaction , " Comey said .
" The employees who conduct lectures are made to seem above the world of commerce .
Students do n't give their payments to the professors , nor to the departments from which they purchase their degrees .
Rather , checks are mailed to the ' Office of the Bursar , ' this ' bursar ' being someone who 's nearly impossible to track down . "
Advertisement
Besides attending classes , students read materials relating to their lectures , write the occasional paper , and participate in testing , Comey said .
Although the content of many courses was often thought - provoking , what alarmed investigators was the subject matter 's " intractably abstract nature . "
" A course in Chaucer can be a fascinating examination of medieval mores and the evolution of the English language , " Comey said .
" Such knowledge , however , has little application in larger society .
Students can graduate with majors in creative writing , Latin , women 's studies , and history , yet still not know how to fix a sink , sew on a button , or even properly feed themselves .
Virtually the only opportunity graduates have to apply their arcane knowledge takes place during discussions over coffee with their peers , or attempts to impress members of the opposite sex at parties . "
Advertisement
In addition to their twice - annual tuition payments , University of Michigan students pay hundreds of dollars in ancillary fees .
" Students are bilked out of registration fees , housing fees , and lab fees , " Comey said .
" And the university has all sorts of tricks to draw the money out , such as denying students access to library materials or refusing them copies of their transcripts . "
Advertisement
Many students find that the only way to get a return on their investment is to continue their studies at the post - graduate level , resulting in even more money for the college .
" Some graduate - degree - earners have been known to find work in their fields , but many end up teaching in the very schools that issue these degrees of questionable value , " Comey said .
" In this way , the grift sustains itself . "
Advertisement
Comey said citizens have a right to be concerned .
" Since so many students purchase their degrees using government - backed student - loan programs , taxpayers are supporting this , " Comey said .
" Also , because many employers require these bachelor 's degrees , even if irrelevant to the actual work , the business sector has to own up to some collusion in the matter . "
Advertisement
One alleged victim of the checks - for - degrees scandal is 25 - year - old Michael Trumbull , who purchased an art - history degree from the University of Michigan , making his first payment in January 2002 .
Trumbull currently works the front desk of a Lansing Comfort Inn .
" Not once has a customer asked me about the innovations of Edouard Manet , or whether politics and aesthetics make good bedfellows , " Trumbull said .
" They 're much more likely to ask me to bring them a plunger or give them a wake - up call . "
Advertisement
Trumbull , who owes more than $ 40,000 in student loans , added that he must use a calculator to perform even simple math .
SAVANNAH , Georgia ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama on Tuesday proposed rebates of up to $ 3,000 to help homeowners pay for the cost of making their homes more energy efficient as part of a $ 6 billion program to create jobs .
An Iowa State student ( L ) and Team Alberta student ( R ) at work on a roof during the 2009 Department of Energy Solar Decathlon on the National Mall , October 6 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Stefano Paltera / US Dept. of Energy / Handout
In his latest step to convince Americans he can ease their economic woes , Obama traveled to Savannah Technical College to unveil a plan that could create tens of thousands of jobs .
The announcement came as White House economic adviser Larry Summers predicted that winter blizzards were likely to distort U.S. February jobless figures , which are due on Friday .
The White House had been relieved when the jobless rate dropped below 10 percent in January and could be preparing Americans for an uptick .
The efficiency plan , which must be passed by Congress , is intended to prompt Americans to invest in everything from insulation or new windows to overarching energy upgrades of their homes , creating construction and manufacturing jobs and boosting energy efficiency .
Consumers would be eligible for between $ 1,000 and $ 1,500 for simple home upgrades such as insulation , duct sealing , water heaters , air conditioning units , windows , roofing and doors .
Homeowners looking for more comprehensive energy retrofits would be eligible for a $ 3,000 rebate if the efficiency measures lead to a 20 percent energy savings .
“ These are big incentives , ” Obama said .
“ You ’d get these rebates instantly from the hardware store , from the contractor . ”
Obama , whose $ 787 billion economic stimulus plan approved a year ago has been criticized by Republicans as a waste of money that failed to create jobs , acknowledged that his clean energy proposals would face opposition .
“ Each of these things are hard , some of them have some costs on the front end , and working stuff through Congress is ‘ more than a notion , ’ ” he said .
With unemployment just below 10 percent , Americans are anxious about the country ’s finances , nudging Obama ’s approval ratings to 50 percent or below and potentially dimming his fellow Democrats ’ prospects in November ’s congressional elections .
The program involves a range of incentives for consumers , including rebates from stores that sell building materials , companies that install the equipment and utility energy efficiency programs .
Consumers could also get rebates for a range of home energy upgrades .
Dubbed “ cash for caulkers ” after last year ’s successful “ cash for clunkers ” automobile trade - in program , the program was first announced in early December .
Obama called on Congress to support it in his State of the Union address in January .
RARE BOOST FOR OBAMA AGENDA
Like “ clunkers , ” it will have time limits , although such details would be worked out with Congress .
Democrats included the program in a set of job - creation efforts they announced early in February .
“ We would anticipate that in the range of 2 to 3 million households would participate , ” an administration official said .
“ It ’s designed to be a short - term program . ”
The scheme would also offer support for state and local governments to provide financing options for consumers who want to participate .
The White House said it expected the program would save consumers $ 200 to $ 500 in energy costs per year .
The president ’s agenda got a rare boost last week when a few Republicans in the Senate joined Democrats to approve a $ 15 billion package of tax breaks and highway spending that aims to bring down the 9.7 percent unemployment rate .
But Republicans seeking to wrest control of Congress from the Democrats have scored political points by expressing concern that what Obama frames as job creation efforts are overspending to expand the reach of government .
The White House must also placate investors nervous about deficit spending as it seeks to stimulate job growth .
Some of Obama ’s priorities -- notably healthcare and financial regulation -- have been stalled since his fellow Democrats lost their 60 - seat “ supermajority ” in the U.S. Senate in January .
World
Associated Press
The unsolved slaying of former Swedish Prime Minister Olof Palme 34 years ago wo n't be reopened , a Swedish prosecutor said Wednesday , adding that those who have requested a review have no connection to the case that would justify ” a substantive review of the prosecutor 's closure decision . ”
Under Swedish law , a prosecutor 's decision can be appealed to a higher prosecutor and “ a number of petitions ” for review into the murder of Palme in Stockholm have been received by the Public Prosecutor 's Office , Chief Prosecutor Lennart Gune said .
The slaying — Palme was gunned down on Feb. 28 , 1986 after he and his wife Lisbet Palme left a movie theater — shocked the Scandinavian nation and upended its image as being so safe and peaceful that politicians could wander around in public without protection .
Apple has been dealt a severe blow having been told that it no longer has a monopoly on the letter " i " as part of the name for its products .
A trademarks tribunal has knocked back Apple 's bid to stop a small company from trademarking the name DOPi for use on its laptop bags and cases for Apple products .
Apple argued that the DOPi name - which is iPod spelt backwards - was too similar to its own popular portable music player , which has sold in excess of 100 million units worldwide .
Apple has long since relied on its legal muscle to pursue any individual or company it sees as infringing on its copyright and trademarks .
But its ambitions to make widespread claims on the letter " i " came to a grinding halt when the tribunal rejected Apple 's claim that punters might be confused into thinking that they were buying an Apple product .
What would you do if you had a million squillion pounds ?
Many people will say to buy an island , which would be a very cool thing to do .
However , the problem with islands is that they are stuck in one place and you are always a long way away from the rest of the world .
Well , with my island that does n’t have to be true .
My island moves .
If I had a squillion pounds I would get someone to build my motorised island concept .
Essentially it is a man-made island that has been built onto a colossal ship .
The edge of this highly - customised ship allows for water to surround the island and not be subjected to the harsh waves of the sea .
The crude illustration below will perhaps make the concept clearer :
The full extent of the island features has not been finalised but it is expected to include the following :
Large mansion house with views across the whole island – with a cinema room , of course
6 -10 small but comfortable guest houses for visitors
Entry / Exit barrier – allowing for boats to enter and leave the island ship
Harbour
Runway and helipad – visitors , deliveries , etc .
Caves
Tennis / Basketball Court
Boat house – for water sports equipment , jet skis , etc .
Trees , landscaped gardens , watered lawns
Connecting roads ( from harbour to house / guest houses )
A small karting and rally track
I will let clever engineers work out all the details , how much water it can carry without sinking , etc .
I estimate that the ship will be approximately 1,800 m in length , which is about 4 times the length of the longest ship in the world , the Supertanker Knock Nevis ( 485.5 m in length ) .
I ’ve shared this idea with quite a few people and the reaction has been quite mixed .
Some people seem to fully embrace the idea and would love to come and visit it .
Others are very sceptical and dubious and simply say it would never work .
One person recently suggested I would be breaking an International Movement of Land Mass law ??!
I do n’t think such a law exists .
It is a bit Bond villain - esque , but I promise I would be nice and it would n’t be part of my plan to rule the world .
I would actually just like to stay on my private island and travel round the world and have friends and family visit .
So , if it existed , would you want to come and visit ?
Do you have any ideas to make the island even better ?
–
Related Posts :
You Need to Work Hard at Doing Nothing
Have You Thought About Taking a Life Art Drawing Class ?
Top 7 Ways to Solve an Argument
[ Note to TomDispatch readers :
When you ’re done with today ’s surprising and , I think , revelatory post , you may want to check out Michelle Alexander ’s recently published book , The New Jim Crow : Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness .
As I ’ve discovered , it ’s worth considering her case in depth ( and she happens to be a superb writer ) .
Keep this in mind as well : every time you click on a book link or cover-image at this site , go to Amazon.com , and buy anything , book or otherwise , you make a painless contribution to TomDispatch -- we get a small cut -- without spending an extra penny .
Tom ]
California is , as the time - worn adage has it , our nation 's bellwether , and nowhere is that truer than in the Golden State ’s prison crisis .
California ’s inmate population is among the highest in the nation .
Its complex of prisons spills over with tens of thousands of inmates housed in every available inch of space and sleep - stacked three - high .
So overcrowded are California ’s prisons that the state penal system has been successfully sued for violating the constitutional rights of inmates -- essentially by subjecting them to a public - health crisis .
That its inmates consistently resort to violence in prison should come as no surprise .
The dire state of California ’s prisons can , in part , be traced to its draconian “ three - strikes law , ” which throws three - time felons behind bars for a mandatory 25 years .
Overflowing prison populations have , in turn , contributed to that state ’s bleak economic future , helping consign California to a perpetual budget deficit , annual financial crises , and repeated deep cuts in education and social funding .
The state currently spends a staggering 10 % of its annual operating budget , or $ 10.8 billion , on its prison system and its nearly 170,000 prisoners -- more than it spends on the University of California system , once the jewel in the crown of American public higher education .
And which Americans have borne the brunt of California ’s prison boom ?
Mostly minorities , African Americans especially .
In 2005 , the state was incarcerating , on average , 5,125 for every 100,000 male adult blacks in the population -- nearly four - and - a- half times more than for Latino men and six - and - a - half times more than for white men .
California ’s prisons are also notorious for separating their prisoners by skin color , a form of segregation that was , one lawyer remarked , “ not tolerated in any other aspect of American life and has n't been for fifty years .
It 's the shame of California . ”
As Michelle Alexander , legal expert and author of a startling just - published book , The New Jim Crow : Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness , points out in her first TomDispatch post , California ’s racially infused prison quagmire is only a snapshot of a growing racial divide , one which includes the formation of a new undercaste in America that loses its normal rights at the prison gates and often never recovers them .
( To check out the latest TomCast , Timothy MacBain ’s striking audio interview with Alexander in which she explains how she came to realize that this country was bringing Jim Crow into the Age of Obama , click here . )
Andy
Perhaps greater lies have been told in the past century , but they can be counted on one hand .
Racial caste is alive and well in America .
Obama ’s mere presence in the Oval Office is offered as proof that “ the land of the free ” has finally made good on its promise of equality .
There ’s an implicit yet undeniable message embedded in his appearance on the world stage : this is what freedom looks like ; this is what democracy can do for you .
If you are poor , marginalized , or relegated to an inferior caste , there is hope for you .
Trust us .
Trust our rules , laws , customs , and wars .
You , too , can get to the promised land .
Ever since Barack Obama lifted his right hand and took his oath of office , pledging to serve the United States as its 44th president , ordinary people and their leaders around the globe have been celebrating our nation ’s “ triumph over race . ”
Obama ’s election has been touted as the final nail in the coffin of Jim Crow , the bookend placed on the history of racial caste in America .
Most people do n’t like it when I say this .
It makes them angry .
In the “ era of colorblindness ” there ’s a nearly fanatical desire to cling to the myth that we as a nation have “ moved beyond ” race .
Here are a few facts that run counter to that triumphant racial narrative :
* There are more African Americans under correctional control today -- in prison or jail , on probation or parole -- than were enslaved in 1850 , a decade before the Civil War began .
* As of 2004 , more African American men were disenfranchised ( due to felon disenfranchisement laws ) than in 1870 , the year the Fifteenth Amendment was ratified , prohibiting laws that explicitly deny the right to vote on the basis of race .
* A black child born today is less likely to be raised by both parents than a black child born during slavery .
The recent disintegration of the African American family is due in large part to the mass imprisonment of black fathers .
* If you take into account prisoners , a large majority of African American men in some urban areas have been labeled felons for life .
( In the Chicago area , the figure is nearly 80 % . )
These men are part of a growing undercaste -- not class , caste -- permanently relegated , by law , to a second - class status .
They can be denied the right to vote , automatically excluded from juries , and legally discriminated against in employment , housing , access to education , and public benefits , much as their grandparents and great - grandparents were during the Jim Crow era .
Excuses for the Lockdown
There is , of course , a colorblind explanation for all this : crime rates .
Our prison population has exploded from about 300,000 to more than 2 million in a few short decades , it is said , because of rampant crime .
We ’re told that the reason so many black and brown men find themselves behind bars and ushered into a permanent , second - class status is because they happen to be the bad guys .
The uncomfortable truth , however , is that crime rates do not explain the sudden and dramatic mass incarceration of African Americans during the past 30 years .
Crime rates have fluctuated over the last few decades -- they are currently at historical lows -- but imprisonment rates have consistently soared .
Quintupled , in fact .
And the vast majority of that increase is due to the War on Drugs .
Drug offenses alone account for about two - thirds of the increase in the federal inmate population , and more than half of the increase in the state prison population .
The drug war has been brutal -- complete with SWAT teams , tanks , bazookas , grenade launchers , and sweeps of entire neighborhoods -- but those who live in white communities have little clue to the devastation wrought .
This war has been waged almost exclusively in poor communities of color , even though studies consistently show that people of all colors use and sell illegal drugs at remarkably similar rates .
In fact , some studies indicate that white youth are significantly more likely to engage in illegal drug dealing than black youth .
Any notion that drug use among African Americans is more severe or dangerous is belied by the data .
White youth , for example , have about three times the number of drug - related visits to the emergency room as their African American counterparts .
That is not what you would guess , though , when entering our nation ’s prisons and jails , overflowing as they are with black and brown drug offenders .
In some states , African Americans comprise 80% - 90 % of all drug offenders sent to prison .
This is the point at which I am typically interrupted and reminded that black men have higher rates of violent crime .
That ’s why the drug war is waged in poor communities of color and not middle - class suburbs .
Drug warriors are trying to get rid of those drug kingpins and violent offenders who make ghetto communities a living hell .
It has nothing to do with race ; it ’s all about violent crime .
Again , not so .
President Ronald Reagan officially declared the current drug war in 1982 , when drug crime was declining , not rising .
From the outset , the war had little to do with drug crime and nearly everything to do with racial politics .
The drug war was part of a grand and highly successful Republican Party strategy of using racially coded political appeals on issues of crime and welfare to attract poor and working class white voters who were resentful of , and threatened by , desegregation , busing , and affirmative action .
In the words of H.R. Haldeman , President Richard Nixon ’s White House Chief of Staff : “ [ T ] he whole problem is really the blacks .
The key is to devise a system that recognizes this while not appearing to . ”
A few years after the drug war was announced , crack cocaine hit the streets of inner-city communities .
The Reagan administration seized on this development with glee , hiring staff who were to be responsible for publicizing inner-city crack babies , crack mothers , crack whores , and drug - related violence .
The goal was to make inner-city crack abuse and violence a media sensation , bolstering public support for the drug war which , it was hoped , would lead Congress to devote millions of dollars in additional funding to it .
The plan worked like a charm .
For more than a decade , black drug dealers and users would be regulars in newspaper stories and would saturate the evening TV news .
Congress and state legislatures nationwide would devote billions of dollars to the drug war and pass harsh mandatory minimum sentences for drug crimes -- sentences longer than murderers receive in many countries .
Democrats began competing with Republicans to prove that they could be even tougher on the dark - skinned pariahs .
In President Bill Clinton ’s boastful words , “ I can be nicked a lot , but no one can say I ’m soft on crime . ”
The facts bear him out .
Clinton ’s “ tough on crime ” policies resulted in the largest increase in federal and state prison inmates of any president in American history .
But Clinton was not satisfied with exploding prison populations .
He and the “ New Democrats ” championed legislation banning drug felons from public housing ( no matter how minor the offense ) and denying them basic public benefits , including food stamps , for life .
Discrimination in virtually every aspect of political , economic , and social life is now perfectly legal , if you ’ve been labeled a felon .
Facing Facts
But what about all those violent criminals and drug kingpins ?
Is n’t the drug war waged in ghetto communities because that ’s where the violent offenders can be found ?
The answer is yes ... in made - for - TV movies .
In real life , the answer is no .
The drug war has never been focused on rooting out drug kingpins or violent offenders .
Federal funding flows to those agencies that increase dramatically the volume of drug arrests , not the agencies most successful in bringing down the bosses .
What gets rewarded in this war is sheer numbers of drug arrests .
To make matters worse , federal drug forfeiture laws allow state and local law enforcement agencies to keep for their own use 80 % of the cash , cars , and homes seized from drug suspects , thus granting law enforcement a direct monetary interest in the profitability of the drug market .
The results have been predictable : people of color rounded up en masse for relatively minor , non-violent drug offenses .
In 2005 , four out of five drug arrests were for possession , only one out of five for sales .
Most people in state prison have no history of violence or even of significant selling activity .
In fact , during the 1990s -- the period of the most dramatic expansion of the drug war -- nearly 80 % of the increase in drug arrests was for marijuana possession , a drug generally considered less harmful than alcohol or tobacco and at least as prevalent in middle - class white communities as in the inner city .
In this way , a new racial undercaste has been created in an astonishingly short period of time -- a new Jim Crow system .
Millions of people of color are now saddled with criminal records and legally denied the very rights that their parents and grandparents fought for and , in some cases , died for .
Affirmative action , though , has put a happy face on this racial reality .
Seeing black people graduate from Harvard and Yale and become CEOs or corporate lawyers -- not to mention president of the United States -- causes us all to marvel at what a long way we ’ve come .
Recent data shows , though , that much of black progress is a myth .
In many respects , African Americans are doing no better than they were when Martin Luther King , Jr. was assassinated and uprisings swept inner cities across America .
Nearly a quarter of African Americans live below the poverty line today , approximately the same percentage as in 1968 .
The black child poverty rate is actually higher now than it was then .
Unemployment rates in black communities rival those in Third World countries .
And that ’s with affirmative action !
When we pull back the curtain and take a look at what our “ colorblind ” society creates without affirmative action , we see a familiar social , political , and economic structure -- the structure of racial caste .
The entrance into this new caste system can be found at the prison gate .
This is not Martin Luther King , Jr. ’s dream .
This is not the promised land .
The cyclical rebirth of caste in America is a recurring racial nightmare .
Michelle Alexander is the author of The New Jim Crow : Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness ( The New Press , 2010 ) .
The former director of the Racial Justice Project of the ACLU in Northern California , she also served as a law clerk to Justice Harry Blackmun on the U.S. Supreme Court .
Currently , she holds a joint appointment with the Kirwan Institute for the Study of Race and Ethnicity and the Moritz College of Law at Ohio State University .
To listen to a TomCast audio interview in which Alexander explains how she came to realize that this country was bringing Jim Crow into the Age of Obama , click here .
Copyright 2010 Michelle Alexander
Around 50 members of the Harvard Mind / Brain / Behavior community gathered in the Harvard - Yenching Library yesterday afternoon to hear biological anthropology professor Richard W. Wrangham explain how the cultural invention of cooking food has contributed to human evolution .
Contrary to conventional wisdom , which regards cooking as biologically unimportant , Wrangham said that cooking ’s contribution to the evolution of human beings cannot be overlooked .
Wrangham explained that humans have adapted physiologically to eating cooked foods .
Human guts are too small to digest nutritionally poor plant matter and human molars are too small for tough raw foods , Wrangham said .
In order to prove the importance of cooking , Wrangham said he only knows of one person who lived longer than just a few weeks on raw food .
This individual , who was kidnapped in Brazil but managed to escape , survived on bananas for weeks .
Cooked protein is more digestible , explained Wrangham , and people obtain more calories from cooked food than from the same quantity of raw food .
He explained that the extra energy people gain from eating cooked food has allowed for larger brains .
“ The effect of meat changing the size of people ’s brain was interesting , ” said Nathan Cooke , a documentarian for the MIT D - Lab .
Wrangham ’s new book “ Catching Fire : How Cooking Made Us Human , " published in May 2009 , delves further into the implications of cooking food .
Advertisement
In the book , Wrangham argues that this technological development could even be responsible for the division of labor between men and women .
Wrangham has been a Currier House Master since 2008 .
He also teaches a number of courses on biological anthropology at the College , including Freshman Seminar 46o : The Evolutionary Significance of Cooking .
“ His research in human evolutionary biology is something that our students have enjoyed hearing about in the past in our junior symposium , ” said Shawn C. Harriman , Educational Program Coordinator of the Mind / Brain / Behavior program , “ This is an opportunity for the larger Harvard community to hear about his most recent work and his most recent book . ”
Vancouver may be the world ’s most livable city , at least according to one survey , but many of its residents are upset by what they see as an assault on civil liberties intended to silence critics of the Olympic Games .
For months , this picturesque metropolis of 2 million people , sandwiched between forest - covered mountains and the Pacific Ocean , has been the site of an increasingly bitter dispute between the city ’s Olympic organizing committee and civil rights activists who say the city has stepped over the line in its efforts to keep dissent as far away as possible from international news cameras .
ADVERTISEMENT
The controversy began in earnest last summer , when a group calling itself the Olympics Resistance Network accused the city ’s Olympic security unit of harassing their members by showing up at their homes and issuing “ thinly veiled threats to interfere with their jobs and invasions of personal spaces , ” Vancouver ’s The Province reported .
Concerns over civil liberties were ramped up when the provincial government of British Columbia passed a law allowing Vancouver to ban anti-Olympic signs , even when they are on private property .
Under that law , residents can be imprisoned for six months and fined $ 10,000 ( $ 9,500 US ) for not removing “ offensive ” signage .
Equally alarming to some was a provision that allows police to enter private property without a warrant to remove the signs .
“ It used to be that a person ’s home was his castle , but now the local governments want to storm the citadel of every castle to take down signs they regard as offensive to their Olympic plans , ” said Robert Holmes , president of the British Columbia Civil Liberties Association .
“ Telling people who exercise free speech that local authorities may barge in , rip down signs inside your property , fine you or throw you in jail will underscore the growing impression that our governments care more about their own camera appearances at Olympic events than about people ’s rights , ” Holmes added .
Meanwhile , Canadian border guards have been accused of using their powers in an effort to keep out American activists who may criticize the Olympics .
ADVERTISEMENT
In a widely - reported incident last fall , Amy Goodman , the host of Democracy Now ! , was detained at the Washington State - British Columbia border and grilled over whether she planned to discuss the Olympics at public appearances in Canada .
Goodman was not ; she was scheduled to give a talk about her new book at the Vancouver Public Library .
In a column , Goodman wrote that her treatment at the hands of Canadian border guards was “ a flagrant violation of … freedom of speech ” that has “ serious implications for the freedom of the press in North America . ”
Earlier this week , Vancouver ’s poet laureate declared he would not participate in the Olympics because of civil rights abuses , as well as attempts by the city to control what Olympics - linked artists do .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Vancouver is the most politically progressive city in North America with a strong history of political activism which most Vancouverites are proud of , ” Brad Cran wrote .
“ Rather than finding a way to celebrate these important attributes , [ the Vancouver Olympics committee ] has gone the other way and tried to suppress them . ”
Many residents of Vancouver were upset when the city ordered a number of popular and long - lasting murals to be painted over because of concerns it could reflect poorly on the city ’s reputation .
Vancouverites responded by painting a new mural over the site of one of the old ones , with the words “ With glowing hearts , we kill the arts . ”
That ’s a pun on a line in Canada ’s national anthem , “ With glowing hearts , we see thee rise . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Residents were further upset when it was reported that the Olympic security unit was planning to ban photography in public spaces around Olympic venues .
After a public outcry , officials appear to have backed off that decree .
Some political activists fear the police will use agents provocateurs during anti-Olympic protests — officers dressed as protesters who incite violence so that protesters can then be arrested .
That ’s more than a conspiracy theory ; in recent years , Canadian police forces have developed a reputation for using just such tactics .
Most famously , during a 2007 meeting in Quebec between President George W. Bush , Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper and Mexican President Felipe Calderon , a masked protester who was inciting violence was outed as a member of Quebec ’s provincial police force .
His standard - issue police boots gave him away .
ADVERTISEMENT
Yet Vancouver ’s civil rights transgressions are relatively minor compared to what some other Olympic venues have been accused of doing in the name of a picture - perfect Olympics .
In a statement released Friday , Human Rights Watch warned that Olympic Games have been used in the past to crush political dissent , and may be used that way again in the future .
“ One ugly legacy of the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games is the continued imprisonment in China of those who protested forced evictions or called for human rights improvements there , ” the group stated .
“ The next Winter Games are scheduled to take place in the Russian town of Sochi , where preparations for the Olympics have already generated concerns about the potential for rights violations linked to these preparations . ”
Aardman Animations to open country 's first public animation academy in Khayelitsha township on outskirts of Cape Town
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
They have struggled into the wrong trousers , picnicked on the moon and foiled a rampaging were - rabbit .
Now the cheese - loving inventor Wallace and his wily canine sidekick , Gromit , are taking on their most ambitious adventure yet – bringing animation to one of South Africa 's most violent townships .
David Sproxton , the co-founder of Aardman Animations , will open the country 's first public animation academy , in Khayelitsha , the giant township on the outskirts of Cape Town , tomorrow .
The yellow bricks and bright blue roof of False Bay Good Hope College rise from a grey landscape of shacks and low - grade social housing .
Studies have found that as many as half of Khayelitsha 's households struggle to put one meal on the table each day .
The school drop - out rate is high because of gang violence and teacher absenteeism .
" There are 900,000 people living in this area and most of them are unemployed , '' said the academy 's principal , Gary Kachelhoffer , 53 , who previously taught animation in central Cape Town .
" Most of the skilled people in the South African film industry are white .
That is because the colleges that train them are in the centre of town and you need money to pay tuition fees and to get there .
" So we decided it would be a good idea to set up a course in a township . "
Thanks to its weather and infrastructure , Cape Town is a choice location for the international film and commercials industry .
The city is building a Hollywood - style studio complex – but South Africa has a severe shortage of animators , Kachelhoffer said .
Anele Siwa , 20 , is one of 120 students who this week started a one - year course at the academy .
" To get the chance to learn a creative skill and perhaps make a living from it is incredible , " he said .
His sister works in a supermarket and his father is a welder , while his three brothers do odd jobs .
Siwa will receive a full 20,000 rand ( £ 1,800 ) bursary for the one - year course , which is supported by the Western Cape government and Seta , a training agency funded by levies from employers .
" As South Africans , we really need our own stories in the vernacular languages , " he said .
" At the moment , we are stuck with watching Japanese and American cartoons . "
Siwa 's favourite character is Sponge Bob , from the US cartoon series – " he really cracks me up , man " .
South Africa 's only recent attempt at creating a home - grown animated series failed last year .
The controversial cartoonist Zapiro – best - known for lampooning President Jacob Zuma 's sex life – attempted to interest the national broadcaster in a South African - style Spitting Image .
But the subject matter was deemed too sensitive for the South African Broadcasting Company , so Zapiro put his puppets on the internet .
Siwa has been drawing all his life .
" While my friends were playing soccer , I would be sitting in the corner , drawing in the gravel , " he said .
He gained his matric ( A - levels ) in June after three years in a township school ridden by violence , where the fear of gang warfare causes many pupils to drop out .
Unlike the township 's high schools , False Bay Good Hope College is located on the edge of Khayelitsha .
Security gates and CCTV prevent disruptive elements entering .
Should they succeed , the front door is emblazoned with a sign saying : " No cash on the premises . "
In common with most township homes , Siwa 's has a television but no computer , let alone an internet connection .
But Kachelhoffer does not require his pupils to do computer - based homework .
" We are going to teach them Walt Disney 's 28 principles of 2D animation , and they can do all their computer work at the college , '' he said .
" There is nothing more irritating than private students who come along with their laptops and do things you have n't asked them to do .
" In the third term , each of our students will make a one - minute production , which will be their showreel . "
Kachelhoffer expects there to be jobs for most of the students by the end of the course .
" We now need the industry to come to the party and I expect they will , simply because they need staff , '' he said .
Arthur Sheriff , the head of communications at Aardman Animations , said there was a worldwide shortage of animators .
" We have not defined exactly what Aardman 's involvement with the Khayelitsha course will be , but one could imagine one of the students coming to our studios in Bristol for an internship , or one of our animators coming to Khayelitsha to give a masterclass , " he said .
" I have been coming here for nine years .
On every street corner , there is a kid selling a piece of artwork .
There is clearly talent here .
We just need to develop it , and I think Aardman should be part of that process . "
GOP Sen .
Lindsey Graham confirmed Monday he is working with White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel to break the logjam on closing the military prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , and bringing the prisoners to trial .
The South Carolina senator said that in a series of meetings and phone calls over the last “ several weeks , ” he has pressed to establish a new national security court that would keep most Guantanamo detainees out of the federal courthouse .
He expressed confidence that he could strike a deal to extend some measure of habeas corpus rights to prisoners detained on terrorism charges and to draft a “ law of war ” statute that ensures no one can be detained on the whim of the executive branch without oversight or judicial recourse .
A breakthrough on those issues could lead to agreement on trials for Guantanamo prisoners outside the federal court system , he said .
“ I think Rahm has always understood Gitmo is like fly paper , ” Graham said , explaining that every politician who has approached the prison has ended up stuck .
Closing it is “ the pragmatic thing to do in the overall war [ on terror ] .
It ’s an image problem for the United States and a practical problem , having a jail where presidents do n’t want to send anyone .
But a solution has got to be bipartisan .
There ’s no way the Democratic Party is going to walk off a political cliff here without Republican support , nor should they . ”
1. Clear the copper side of the board from oxides with sandpaper .
2 . Put the both sides of printed circuit on the board and fix them with paper tape .
3 . Put the board between some pieces of paper and press the hot iron ( without steam ) on it for a while .
( BE CAREFUL : The hot iron may lead to firing of papers )
4. Remove the printed circuit of the board .
5 . Soak board in a bowl of circuit board acid and wait till all the visible copper disappears .
( BE CAREFUL : You are working with acid )
6 . Wash the board and clear it with sandpaper .
7 . Make holes with 1 mm drill .
It was like something out of a movie : a US Capitol Police Special Agent and three San Francisco cops drop by a suspect 's home to ask about threatening phone calls targeting House Speaker Nancy Pelosi .
They know the calls all came from a specific phone number , one assigned to the VoIP provider magicJack , but the suspect denies that the number is his .
The agent steps into the other room and uses his cell phone to call the number .
A telephone connected to the suspect 's computer starts to ring , and the suspect answers it .
" Hello , " says the agent .
When the agent returns to the room and asks if the suspect wants to change his story , the man admits that the calls were his own .
The moral of the story : if you 're going to call people and taunt them with the untraceability of your phone number ... make sure the phone number is actually untraceable .
Traceable magic
According to a sworn FBI affidavit ( PDF ) , here 's how the case went down .
Between February 6 and March 25 of this year , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi received at least 48 phone calls from the same telephone number .
The calls came to her California home , her San Francisco office , her DC home , and her husband 's California office .
On March 20 alone , 19 calls rolled in ; the next day , Pelosi received another six .
According to Pelosi , the male caller told her , after the use of " abusive , harassing , and obscene language " ( some of which Pelosi did not even want to repeat to investigators ) , that if she voted for the recent health care reform legislation , " when you go back to California you wo n't have a home to go back to . "
The FBI and the US Capitol Police looked into the matter .
What they discovered was a subject not careful about his identity ; the man left numerous voice mail messages , including ones that allegedly threatened Pelosi .
He also told a staffer at her San Francisco office that " this number is , and the number I 'm calling from is , untraceable so if you 're trying to trace it , have fun . "
The Capitol Police did try to trace it .
A grand jury subpoena revealed that the number was assigned to a magicJack account .
MagicJack , a small USB dongle that provides cheap VoIP calling through a computer , could be cheaply purchased ; this particular magicJack came from a local Radio Shack .
But the account information was wrong .
It listed a San Francisco name and address , but when agents stopped by to interview the owner , they determined that the voice was wrong .
After listening to the recordings , the owner then identified the voice as belonging to a man from church , Gregory Giusti .
( Giusti had actually been booted from the church a couple years before , it appears , after making " harassing telephone calls to other members . " )
Giusti also lived in San Francisco , and agents paid him a visit .
Special Agent Andrew Pecher of the Capitol Police led the questioning on March 30 .
After Giusti denied making the calls to Pelosi , Pecher tried his scheme :
During the course of the interview , SA Pecher used his cellular telephone to dial the number that had been calling N[ancy ] P[elosi ] ( 757 ) 509-****.
After SA
Pecher had done this , the telephone attached to the " Magic Jack , " attached to Giusti 's computer started to ring .
Giusti answered the telephone and said , " Hello . "
SA Pecher heard Giusti on the other end of his cellular telephone say " Hello . "
Then , SA Pecher again asked Giusti if he ever called N.P. , to which Giusti replied " yes . "
According the FBI affidavit , Giusti eventually admitted his threats , saying only that " I was upset and I did not mean anything by it . "
Giusti was apparently operating under the belief that the magicJack he had received as a gift five months earlier was untraceable .
Giusti was charged last week in a federal San Francisco court with making threatening and harassing phone calls to a government official .
He faces up to two years in prison and a fine of up to $ 250,000 if found guilty .
Search for your favorite type of porn on ISeekGirls.com
FREE WEBCAM GIRLS ARE WAITING FOR YOU
Whar ?
In Virginia , just about everywhar .
× 1 of 2 Expand Robert Meganck black bear × 2 of 2 Expand Robert Meganck bear media Prev Next
Shh , do n’t wake the bears .
“ Aw , they ’re hibernating , ” you say .
“ You could n’t rouse ’em with a gunshot . ”
Tell that to Michael Vaughan , bear biologist and Virginia Tech professor emeritus , who ’s studied bears for 30 years — mainly the American black bear , Virginia ’s only bear species , population 12,00 - 16,000 and growing 9.5 percent a year .
Ask Vaughan about the time he went to dart a sow in her den and she squirted right out between his legs .
( Big ?
“ She looked big at the time ! ” he laughs . )
Bears do n’t truly hibernate so much as they go dormant :
In winter , they do doze and their heart rates drop as low as eight beats per minute , but their temperatures remain stable and they rouse easily .
From 1987 until last year , Vaughan and his team studied denning bears up close , in a special barn that could hold six .
In addition to gathering demographic info for the state and data for grad student projects , the scientists examined phenomena of import to human medicine .
For instance , denning bears neither eat nor drink nor eliminate any waste .
“ They essentially shut down their kidney function , ” says Vaughan ; humans would need dialysis .
Also , their high - fat diet ( primarily vegetation ) causes no cholesterol problem .
Bone production continues despite the bears ’ near - total immobility , conditions under which humans would develop osteoporosis .
Also , females all give birth around the same time whether they bred in early summer or late ; the fertilized egg does n’t implant , so the 60 - day gestation is timed so cubs are born in the den .
( What , they keep their legs crossed ?
Vaughan chuckles : “ That ’s the question ! ” )
Scientists worldwide would love to know how all this works .
The rest of us think of bears less as medical marvel and more as fearsome predator , top of the food chain .
Bear biologist Jaime Sajecki is quick to point out that there are no unprovoked attacks by black bears on record in Virginia .
“ They ’re capable of inflicting a lot of damage , but they do n’t do it , ” she says .
“ Their first defense mechanism is to climb up a tree .
You see this gigantic animal perched on a tree limb , like this giant , fuzzy bird . ”
( Maybe a 600 - pound bird . )
As Vaughan says , “ They want to avoid people as much as people want to avoid them . ”
And that ’s as it should be .
As Virginia Department of Game and Inland Fisheries ’ Black Bear Project Leader , Sajecki oversees the statewide management of black bears — which , she says , often means “ people management . ”
Last year in Virginia , eight bears were euthanized because they broke into homes .
“ If you move them , they ’ll just come back , ” says Sajecki .
The key is managing the attractant .
“ If there ’s nothing the bear wants to eat on your property , they wo n’t stay .
They want what ’s easy . ”
Birdseed , for example .
Bears can meet their 20,000 - calorie daily ( autumn ) need “ in two minutes by knocking down your bird feeder , ” says Sajecki , noting that seven pounds of seed contains 12,000 calories .
Stow the feeder from April to December .
And garbage — Sajecki says that 70 to 80 percent of all nuisance complaints are about feeders and trash .
Feed pets indoors .
Wintergreen , after reporting the highest number of nuisance incidents of any community in the state , last year became the state ’s first “ Bear Smart Community , ” applying guidelines from the British Columbia - based Bear Smart Society community - wide .
So far , so good .
Bears are not stupid ; they ’re opportunists , and Sajecki marvels at their intelligence .
Once , as a grad student in California , she found a cub in a culvert trap , screaming bloody murder .
Seeing the sow nearby , she let the cub out .
“ The mother just sort of huffed at me , ” she says .
“ Every morning , that cub was in the trap .
Seven nights — it was safe , it got a pretty good meal , and she could go off and do what she needed to do .
I feel like she kind of took advantage of the situation .
I called it the Steel Baby Sitter . ”
Editor 's note : Since press time , we 've run across the wonderful den cam at the North American Bear Center ( Bear.org ) :
An infrared video camera has been trained on Lily , a 3 - year - old American black bear , and captured her giving birth to a cub on January 22 .
Find Lily on Facebook as well .
Jennifer Crystal Foley was born on January 26 , 1973 in Los Angeles , California , USA as Jennifer Amie Crystal .
She is known for her work on Ein Vater zuviel ( 1997 ) , Die Tribute von Panem - Mockingjay : Teil 2 ( 2015 ) and Hallo , Mr. President ( 1995 ) .
She has been married to Michael Francis Foley since September 2000 .
They have two children .
Simon Posford Shares _Ineffable Mysteries From Shpongleland_
Simon Posford was already an international star in the electronic world when he played a revitalized Camp Bisco for the first time in 2005 , though success in the States had continually eluded him .
Based in the United Kingdom , his various projects helped introduce the psytrance genre to thousands of music fans across Europe and the Middle East looking for a darker , more psychedelic twist on ‘ 90s dance music .
After making his first Camp Bisco appearance in his Goa trance solo project Hallucinogen , Posford found his biggest footing in the United States outside the electronic underground and now even considers the U.S. a primary market .
As his friendship with the members of the Disco Biscuits has deepened , he ’s brought over his seminal psytrance project with Raja Ram named Shpongle , his electronic duo with Benji Vaughan called Younger Brother and a range of acts on his Twisted Records label .
He ’s also formed a Younger Brother live band — featuring Vaughan , singer Ru Campbell , Brothers Past guitarist Tom Hamilton , Duo drummer Joe Russo and Disco Biscuits bassist Marc Brownstein — and plans to release a new Younger Brother album featuring the jamband titans later this year .
While jetting back across the pond to see his girlfriend in LA , Posford also completed a new Shpongle album Ineffable Mysteries From Shpongleland , which was released in late 2009 .
Below , Posford talks about his upcoming Shpomgle tour , meeting the Disco Biscuits and what he did to make his “ alien sounds make sense . ”
It is always a challenge for an electronic artist to create a live show faithful to an album .
Can you start by talking a bit about your current Shpongle live show and how you plan to tour this material in the U.S. ?
It ’s sort of a multi- layered sound in the studio and to try and recreate that at a gig is a very interesting challenge for me .
I prefer to do it as a band but , obviously , logistically to bring twelve fantastic working musicians over and get them all on the same schedule and to be able to afford the money for them to fly out is quite a hard thing to do .
No one from the States has stepped up to do it , so these shows will be Shpongle DJ sets .
We just finished the new album Ineffable Mysteries From Shpongleland , so we ’ll be playing a lot from that .
[ Younger Brother ’s Benji Vaughan ] is on a lot of the dates as well , so we might do a few Younger Brother DJ sets during the tour .
But in terms of the Shpongle DJ show , I ’ll just be mixing like a regular DJ .
We ’re bringing a video VJ guy , and some dance performers , and visual performers as well .
I do n’t really want to say it should be druggy , but it should be mentally stimulating , as well as sonically stimulating too .
You ’re great at multi-tasking in the studio and recently worked on a number of studio projects , including the new Shpongle record , a new Younger Brother album , the new Disco Biscuits album and others .
Can you bring us back to when you first started working on Ineffable Mysteries From Shpongleland ?
It seemed like a very slow process because we started it maybe two years ago — maybe even more .
It ’s not actually that we spent two years making it — we just did a lot in - between recordings .
Raj has a number of different projects and is on tour .
I ’m on tour , playing with Younger Brother and Hallucinogen .
So , for the actual process , we normally spend a week making a tune — sometimes two weeks with the longer ones .
It seems as the technology increases , it means that you can do more , so the tunes can get more complex , and really the only limit now is your imagination .
However , that just means there are so many more possibilities .
The first album we did was on an Atari , with a sampler and a few dubs .
In those days it was two to three days a tune , where as now the possibilities are so vast that it takes much longer to create a song .
When we get together we ’ll do a week or two weeks .
We might have an idea or a sample or something we want to use .
We started off this album with an Indian track — I just got back from India and while I was out there I had a little handheld Zoom recorder that records to SIM cards .
I would go around villages recording musicians and singers .
So I came back to London armed with all this fabulous stuff I recorded .
So we started with that idea and it inspired us to start our first track .
I recently got into Music for Eighteen Musicians by Steve Reich , a classic piece .
And so I was quite into that and listened to it a lot when I was in the States driving around which was quite nice — it was very trancey .
So we also wanted to do something very Steve Reich - inspired on the new album and brought in a cello virtuoso to do some overdubs .
And then the process of sitting in the studio — listening to it over and over — I get quite bored quite quickly , and so I guess that ’s why the music never really stays in one zone or stays in one area for too long .
The music is an evolving journey , and continually morphing , and different layers coming in and out .
It sounds like modern technology has really allowed you to be a backpack producer in a sense — recording on the fly and using those as the basis of your more proper records .
It is a lot better .
In the old days , if you wanted an Indian vocal you ’d have to use a sample CD or something like that .
I have these sample CDs that I used in the past .
It sort of bites you in the ass when you then hear a lead vocal or something you used in your tune , and you hear it in someone else ’s shitty tune — in an advertisement of something .
It ’s sort of quite depressing as an artist .
For this album we resolved not to use any sample CDs — or any stuff other people had pre-recorded .
Speaking of world traveling , though you have been a star throughout Europe and the Middle East , it is only recently that your music poked into the mainstream in the United States .
How have you felt the electronic and trance scenes over here change in the past five years ?
It has definitely changed .
I have been involved in the trance scene for years .
It ’s always been very underground in the States , I hardly had any gigs there , whereas now it ’s probably my main market in a way .
I come there several times each years and my bigger tours are in the States .
I am amazed to be going to places I have never heard of or had never been like Knoxville Tennessee , for example .
And I am amazed to turn up there and find Shpongle fans there .
Same with Wakarusa in Arkansas .
If you watch the news or read popular myth , you ’d think these are backwards country hick -y place .
But there are Shpongle fans there and people who are quite clued into electronic music and the electronic scene .
And I think in the jamband scene you got people like STS9 and people incorporating more electronics — and even the Disco Biscuits incorporating more electronic sounds into their music .
That ’s definitely opened the door for people like me to come and play over here .
California Western 1L
I 'm in a bramble bush .
Read through this blog if you 'd like an idea of what it is like to be a California Western School of Law 1L .
NEWARK —
It ’s either the cyber crime of the decade in the entertainment ticket industry or a sophisticated and perfectly legal business that accomplishes what fans wanting front - row seats did for decades by cutting in line or sleeping outside box offices .
Three men from California pleaded not guilty in federal court in Newark today to illegally buying premium tickets for concerts and sporting events by outsmarting online security systems .
In a 43 - count indictment , federal prosecutors allege they committed a host of crimes : including conspiracy , wire fraud and computer fraud .
Lawyers for the defendants , who ran a company called Wiseguy Tickets , have argued they simply devised a lightning - fast way to buy tickets for brokers , who resold them to fans .
“ Congress has not yet legislated that ticket brokering is illegal , ” said Mark Rush , an attorney for Wiseguy ’s founder , Kenneth Lowson , 40 , of Los Angeles .
Authorities say the firm used a massive computer network to overwhelm the websites of Ticketmaster and other companies at the precise moment tickets went on sale .
They bought only the best seats in the house and targeted the most sought - after shows and sporting events , including NFL playoff games and concerts by Phish , Bruce Springsteen and Dave Matthews Band , according to the indictment .
Several new details emerged about the men during today ’s hearing before U.S. District Judge Katharine S. Hayden .
Lowson was first contacted by authorities about the investigation at least 14 months ago , his lawyer said .
And he met his co-defendant and fellow Wiseguy owner , Kristofer Kirsch , 37 , playing Little League baseball in the fourth grade , Rush said .
Thirty years later , the two were at the helm of Wiseguy , snatching up tickets and selling them at big mark - ups to brokers , who in turn sold them at an even higher price to fans , authorities said .
The company moved 1.5 million tickets between 2002 and 2009 , making $ 25 million in profits , authorities said
The men , however , are not charged for reselling the tickets .
It ’s how they bought them , authorities say .
Wiseguy Tickets is accused of enlisting a programmer from Bulgaria to create an army of online drones to circumvent security systems and enter ticket - selling web sites ahead of fans .
When Ticketmaster and other companies beefed up security , Wiseguy devised new ways to break through , authorities said .
The moves violated several computer fraud laws , according to the indictment .
The company , incorporated in Nevada and headquartered in California , amassed 100,000 different internet addresses , hundreds of emails and an untold number of credit cards to make it appear that each of those automated drones was an individual ticket buyer , authorities said .
The firm also operated under a variety of names , including Seats of San Francisco and Platinum Technologies .
Authorities say all those names and addresses were part of a massive scheme to thwart rules limiting who was really buying tickets from the website .
That , according to the indictment , amounts to conspiracy and wire fraud .
Lowson and Kirsch entered their not - guilty pleas together with one of the company ’s first employees , a computer programmer named Joel Stevenson , 37 .
A fourth company official , Faisal Nahdi , 36 , is expected to surrender , authorities said .
His lawyer , John Azzarello , was unavailable for comment today .
Lowson remains in custody pending a bailing hearing today .
Assistant U.S. attorneys Erez Liebermann and Seth B. Kosto have argued he is apt to flee if released because he has millions of dollars in assets offshore and has discussed becoming an Indonesian citizen .
Lowson 's lawyer has compared Wiseguy 's business model to a large - scale modern - day version of paying someone to camp outside a box office to buy premium seats for a big show .
But that single sleep - deprived guy waiting at the box office would only be allowed to purchase a handful of tickets .
According to the indictment , Wiseguy scooped up seats by hundreds .
The firm grabbed nearly 1,500 of the best seats for three Bruce Springsteen shows at Giants Stadium in 2007 .
That ’s hundreds of times more tickets than any individual would be allowed to buy under the rules of Ticketmaster , now called Live Nation Entertainment .
Kirsch ’s lawyer , John P. McDonald , said violating Ticketmaster rules , or terms of service , does not necessarily make a crime .
“ I ’m not so sure the indictment states a crime at all , ” he said .
We all rely on high speed Internet , watch TV , and connect with friends and family across the nation , so why not bundle your digital home services and save time and money each month ?
Here are the benefits of bundling Spectrum :
Delegates debate easing of China 's one - child law
( Xinhua )
Updated : 2010-03-12 15:06
BEIJING - A group of Chinese legislators are pushing for a relaxation of the country 's family planning policy , arguing it is inappropriate to the times and causes economic and social problems .
Deputies to the National People 's Congress have stirred a debate with dire warnings of the consequences of continuing the one - child law .
Professor Wang Ming , of the School of Public Policy and Management of Tsinghua University , said : " If the one - child policy continues , China 's imbalanced population structure and aging population will strike a deadly blow to the country 's long - term economic growth . "
China has been an aging society since 1999 .
The population over 60 reached 160 million at the end of 2009 .
The figure is expected to hit 300 million by 2020 , accounting for 16.7 percent of the total population .
" China will face severe problems caused by an aging society , including soaring demand for medical care , mounting pressure on retirement systems and labor shortages if we do n't adjust the family planning policy , " Wang said .
Zhao Linzhong , chairman of the board of directors of Furun Group , said : " China 's family planning policy has successfully curbed excessive population growth in the past three decades .
Now China 's population reproduction picture has been turned around , so we do n't have to keep such a strict policy . "
Zhao suggested the government change the one - child law to allow all couples to have a second child .
China implemented a policy of family planning to control population growth in the 1970s , under which urban families were allowed just one child , but rural families were allowed a second child if the first was a girl .
Yet some deputies voiced doubts about proposals to relax the family planning rules .
Wu Haiying , director of the Population and Family Planning Commission of Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region , said it was unfair to blame the family planning policy for all problems caused by an aging society .
" Population aging is not as terrifying as some people think .
As long as we take active measures to cope with it , elderly people will enjoy good living conditions , enhanced medical treatment and a comfortable retirement , " she said .
The family planning policy had prevented more than 400 million births since its implementation , and any easing would result in a rise in population , posing challenges to employment and the environment , said Wang Zaiyin , director of the Population and Family Planning Commission of Sichuan Province .
Labor shortages were the major concern of deputies who proposed to adjust the family planning policy .
China 's southeastern provinces have frequently seen shortages of migrant workers in the past decade .
Many factories in China 's coastal areas have been short - handed since the beginning of the year .
" Due to the one - child policy , China 's work force will drop gradually after 2015 .
The labor shortage may drive up wage costs , weaken competitiveness of China 's exports and hinder economic development , " Wang Ming said .
Cheap labor has long been considered an important factor in maintaining China 's rapid economic growth .
Economists call it the " population bonus . "
However , some delegates argue that labor shortages will help transform labor - intensive factories into high - tech industries .
" This is a good chance to help accelerate the transformation of China 's economic growth pattern , " said Cheng Enfu , director of the Academy of Marxism of Chinese Academy of Social Sciences .
" I do n't think the supply of workers really falls short of demand in China .
Some migrant workers have chosen to stay in rural areas because they found farming was more profitable than before .
Those companies that are short of workers should come up with new strategies to attract them back , " he said .
En exclusivité pour Fubiz , voici « The Dark Lens » , une nouvelle série d’images issues de l’univers Star Wars pour Amusement .
Avec cette mise en scène , les combats n’ont jamais paru si vrais que sur Terre .
Un shooting réalisé à Dubaï par le photographe Cédric Delsaux .
Images Galerie ( 16 )
Pour aller plus loin : voici le précédent shooting de Cédric Delsaux / Portfolio en ligne .
“ Raise your hand if you like weed , ” the gang leader asked the raver crowd .
But nobody raised a hand or so much as moved .
They were too scared .
So he repeated his question , this time while firing a quick burst from his R - 15 into the air .
“ I said who likes fucking weed ?!! ”
Naturally , a lot of hands went up .
MONTERREY , MEXICO — La Letra ( what we call the Zetas these days because we ’re too terrified to call them by name ) is at it again .
It ’s getting worse than ever , thanks the lower ranks of the cartel business–made up of young , impressionable school dropouts and assorted jobless little motherfuckers .
Now , these scumbags are letting their presence be known like never before .
In Monterrey , the Zetas have started using them to police the drug use of the general population to make sure that people are consuming the right drugs and buying them from the “ right sources . ”
As in : them .
These junior squads have started doing rounds at parties like some sort of narco - security .
If they see someone smoking weed , they approach and inquire about the source of the weed , breaking off a little from the joint and inspecting the mary jane ( they know exactly what their product looks like and can recognize their product from the others ) .
If it ’s not from one of their tienditas ( remember those neighborhood drug stores I wrote about about a year back ? ) , they just take him backstage to introduce the kid ’s naked ass to their little friend “ la tabla , ” which ’ll leave them with welts for the next few weeks and mental scars for the rest of their lives .
The Zetas kicked off this trend when they started recruiting among young pandilleros ( aka gang - bangers ) from poor neighborhoods at the start of the Cartel War , somewhere from 2005 to 2006 .
Now the fashion has been catching on with other cartels , too .
That ’s the way it is these days .
Nobody likes competition from independent operators anymore , not even the drug cartels .
The anti-capitalist bastards !
This has been screwing everything up , and I do n’t mean just for local businesses or for the freelance dealers who have been left without income or heads .
It ’s been just as bad for the little people , especially kids .
You ca n’t even smoke a joint at a rave without being bothered anymore .
To get hassled like that when you ’re all soft , tripping on acid or ecstasy or mescaline — it ’s just brutal .
Let me tell you about one that just happened in mid-February :
Raves have always been big here in Monterrey .
They are bigger and better in Guadalajara , I hear , plus the girls from those parts are nicer - looking and have a rep for getting really fucked up at the raves .
So you can talk one up , take her behind the porta- potties and fuck her .
The next day , most likely she ’ll be too out of her mind to remember that she had boned a stranger and probably so will you .
So I always arrive armed with rubbers .
PM is all for protection , be it a bullet - proof vest or a rubber .
So anyway , there was this big rave in La Huasteca , a beautiful place surrounded by the Sierras .
At the last minute I decided that it may not be a good idea since all week I had been hearing that the Zetas were going to be there .
I pussed out and went to another party , a regular one with fewer hippie - looking and drugged out girls .
Coincidentally , this party was also busted by the Zetas .
They arrived in a black SUV , told the bouncers in the front to fuck off and get the party ’s organizer , who gave them all the money from the til on the spot , just so they ’d leave and stop scaring people away .
It was quick , clean and nobody got pistol - whipped .
It was very professional compared to what they did at the La Huasteca rave , which I can only describe as robbery on a massive scale .
Around 4AM , when the main DJ was starting to play , his crappy psycho music was suddenly interrupted by machine gun rapid - fire– and it all screeched to a halt like air blowing out of a balloon .
The ravers found themselves surrounded by about 50 thuggish kids armed with machine guns , sent courtesy of the Zetas .
They were 19 to 25 years old at most , and acted all tough strutting around with their R - 15s , rounding up the crowd like sheep dogs , sporadically firing bursts into the air from their black rifles just to keep people on their toes .
When the thugs had all the ravers assembled into a flock , the little bastards proceeded to rob everyone .
Going person to person , they took cell phones , cameras , jewelry , cash , and anything else shiny that got their attention .
They were like little ravens with automatic weapons .
They even stole the DJ ’s passport and credit cards .
Fuck , they even took his headphones .
But that was all just collateral .
The main purpose of their visit were the drugs .
With flashlights in hand , they scouted the floor for baggies of weed , pills , LSD , coke , anything …
They must have felt like they were on an easter egg hunt .
The leader then addressed the people : “ Raise your hand if you like weed , ” he asked the crowd .
But nobody raised a hand or so much as moved .
They were too scared .
So he repeated his question , this time while firing a quick burst from his R - 15 into the air .
“ I said who likes fucking weed ?!! ”
Naturally , a lot of hands went up .
“ Good , now , who likes pills [ ecstasy ] ? ” he continued .
A few hands went up .
“ Great , great , ” he said , satisfied .
“ But if you like them so much why are n’t you buying them at the right place ? ” he asked the crowd , like some kind of TV salesman .
The meaning was clear to all involved : you better buy your drugs from the Zetas ’ tienditas .
He finished with a brief , somber , almost grandfatherly speech : “ We apologize to everyone .
We know this is a party but we are only doing our jobs , so that you wo n’t buy your loquera [ drugs ] from other sources .
The plaza belongs to the compañia and we are going to come to these parties every time that we want to .
We are taking your cellphones and cameras to erase any evidence . ”
Before taking off , the thugs started calling out cars like they were valets .
Like this :
“ Who owns the blue Mazda truck ? ” a Zeta kid who looked like he was sponsored by Ed Hardy would shout .
After some frightened girl somewhere in the back would raise her trembling hand , he ’d yell : “ Give me your keys . ”
Nobody gave me an exact number of just how many cars Zetas took that night from the rave , but it was somewhere between 10 and 20 cars .
They were n’t doing it just to be dicks .
No , the stolen cars had a very specific purpose .
They ’d be used in levantones ( kidnappings ) , executions , moving drugs and / or insurance company fraud .
After that , the comandante said his goodbyes to his captives and warned : “ Now putos , everyone is gonna get on the floor face down for 20 to 30 minutes .
And if anyone stands up or walks outside the big tent area , I got men outside who will kill you just like that .
So it ’s up to you . ”
He added that they should n’t even think about going to the police because the cops worked for them .
I ’m still a little shocked by this story because nothing like it had ever happened before .
Why are they doing this ?
Well , I figure it has to do with Mexico ’s war on drugs .
The government has been pushing the narcos so hard that now we are entering uncharted territory .
A few years ago , before the bodycount started piling up , the Zetas stayed out of sight , and their activities were largely accepted by the masses .
They never messed with us civilian types — it was a matter of honor for them .
But now that ’s all changing .
Shaking down kids and slapping chicks around at parties is not only screwed up and vicious , it ’s stupid from a business perspective and bound to turn the general population against the Zetas and their narco buddies very quickly .
But their reign of terror and error might end very soon .
For the past few weeks , I ’ve been hearing about a huge Marines build up in Monterrey .
They ’ve been setting up camp and coming in ready for to do massive air raids with an interesting combination of Mi-17 and Blackhawk helicopters — the former Russian , the latter American .
Ca n’t we all just get along ?
Pancho Montana is an eXiled Special Mexican War on Drugs Correspondent .
As a native of Monterrey , Nuevo Leon , located in northern Mexico , Mr. Montana lives in Gulf Cartel territory .
That means the streets belong to the Zetas , a paramilitary organization trained by the Yankees and hired by the Gulf Cartel to keep things civilized and business booming .
LONDON — In the predawn hours of Christmas morning , a 40 - year - old shoe repairman who goes by the name Robbo squeezed his 6 - foot - 8 - inch frame into a wet suit , tossed some spray cans into a plastic bag , and crossed Regent 's Canal on a red- and - blue air mattress .
Robbo , one of the lost pioneers of London 's 1980s graffiti scene , was emerging from a long retirement .
He had a mission : to settle a score with the world - famous street artist Banksy , who , Robbo believes , had attacked his legacy .
The ...
You know how you pay a fixed monthly fee for your phone , and can check email and Twitter , surf the web and the Yelp app anytime you like without counting minutes or megabytes ?
Yeah , well that 's all gonna end .
Advertisement
Yesterday , Verizon CTO
Tony Melone said that the days of all - you - can - eat data plans are ending , echoing something AT&T 's boss said a week ago , that metered ( or variable ) pricing was ahead .
The bigwigs talk of fairness — why should the weekly email checker pay the same as the out - and - about Pandora and video streaming junkie ?
Advertisement
They talk of transparency : " It 's one thing to say all you can eat is gone , " Melone told the Wall Street Journal .
" It 's another to have consumers worrying , ' Can I stream this radio ? ' "
This is n't going to be abrupt , and it wo n't affect all people equally .
But one thing 's for sure , if you use your phone 's data plan a lot , you 're going to start paying more than $ 35 per month for it .
And even if the " unlimited " plan remains , it 's certainly going to cost more , and be one of a multitude of levels or options .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Once upon a time , the home ISP business went through these similar phases :
The dial - up age when we kept track of specific hours given away free on shiny , shitty AOL discs gave way to the strange time of the single device with unlimited data .
ISPs meant that to be for a fixed machine but Wi-Fi routers and wired routers soon split that up to many many machines in the home and perhaps even in the apartment building .
This happened to the chagrin of broadband providers .
And now , in this moment , most of us pay a fixed rate for unlimited data , capped by speed rather than maximum downloads .
But as all of you pirates know full well , there are maximum - download caps out there too , and more and more people are becoming eligible for that taxation .
Who dares to guess how low that threshold will go ?
You may say , " Phew , I 'm definitely not a target . "
You may think you 'll never use wireless like you use your home broadband connection , that your phone is just a phone — one that , sure , streams songs and stuff , but big deal , right ?
Advertisement
But think about the MiFis of the world , the little portable hotspot which turns broadband meant for cellphones to Wi-Fi for almost anything .
Better still , think of Sprint 's Overdrive WiMax - to - Wi- Fi router , the next generation high speed network equivalent of the MiFi ?
And what about the next - generation of WiMax and LTE phones , which will hopefully be able to be used as Wi-Fi hotspots ?
Not following ?
Here :
If your phone can give connectivity to your computer — and whatever else you have within 30 feet — you 're gonna have to pay for that .
And God help us all if the Hulu iPhone app ever shows up , because we 'll use a ton of broadband , they 'll charge us a ton for that broadband or they 'll go out of business not doing it .
My fear is that metered pricing will feel like a gotcha , like when you go over talk - time minutes .
The problem with those minutes is that you have to provide a " best guess " of how much you 're going to talk , and if you go over , they nuke your wallet .
Sprint tried a plan that just charged different reasonable amounts of money depending on how much or how little you used your minutes .
Both of these are flawed .
The best guess is often based on nothing , and the variable pricing is too confusing : you never know what you 're going to be paying month to month .
Advertisement
As these carriers roll out their metered plans , hopefully they will combine these two types of billing .
We need helpful constant monitoring .
( At the moment , the best way to keep track of an iPhone 's downloads requires AT&T 's optional app . )
We have to be aware of our usage , comfortably not naggingly , and when we go over , we need to be treated like fans of the service , not like criminals stealing cookies from the wireless - broadband cookie jar .
All You Can Eat neon by Jeremy Brooks / Flickr , used under CC license
From : joedecie
2010-03-08 07:32 pm ( UTC )
It 's great .
From : kuniopt
2010-03-08 07:38 pm ( UTC )
That 's quite amazing !
Really like the character design on a lot of people .
From : hellomightydog
2010-03-08 07:49 pm ( UTC )
i'm pukin '
from pleasure From : ducttapesnakes
2010-03-08 08:02 pm ( UTC )
THIS ROCKS ! :D
From : westival
2010-03-08 09:31 pm ( UTC )
" Ah ca n't surely know ! "
1 . You 're brilliant .
2 . What 's with the outlining all the shapes on black backgrounds ?
Are you getting sentimental about your linework ?
3 . I will love your work even if you continue to do that .
4. Kiel West From : teamdynamite
2010 -03-09 10:48 am ( UTC )
the first picture i did had all the outlines and when i was half way through the comic i started to think it looked stupid but i was past the point of no return ... i shan't carry on this tradition From : harmonica_charm
2010-03-08 09:59 pm ( UTC )
lets fuck From : harmonica_charm
2010-03-08 10:00 pm ( UTC )
this rules everything ive ever seen From : teamdynamite
2010-03-09 10:47 am ( UTC )
<|:-{D From : jogs6000
2010-03-08 10:03 pm ( UTC )
super fun !
From : elio
2010-03-08 11:46 pm ( UTC )
Incredible .
You 're easily one of my top favorite comic artists !!
From : teamdynamite
2010 -03 -11 01:00 am ( UTC )
hooray !
thats high praise indeed , thanks man , what projects are you working on at the moment ?
From : octohelpme
2010-03-08 11:57 pm ( UTC )
" jelly retard " From : octohelpme
2010-03-08 11:58 pm ( UTC )
two words : From : blurukus
2010-03-09 12:06 am ( UTC )
This was the best shit ever you bastard !
This had to have been the most fun comic I 've read in a good while .
It 's like I was watching a new awesome cartoon on Cartoon Network .
It has sort of a Flapjack -y feel to it .
GOOD ON YA !
MAKE MOAR From : teamdynamite
2010-03-11 01:02 am ( UTC )
flapjack influences me hugely , i tried desperately to get my characters expressions to be as hilarious and over the top as flapjack 's .
thanks !
From : reyyy
2010-03-09 01:12 am ( UTC )
DUUUUDE .
This is retard awesome .
* FEAR FART *
Seriously soooo fucking good .
From : teamdynamite
2010-03-11 01:06 am ( UTC )
thanks man !
i do n't mean to be obnoxious and intrusive but WHEN'S NEW SHARKNIFE COMING OUT ????
From : derpa
2010-03-09 01:14 am ( UTC )
This is so great !
I will definitely buy this .
From : mr_lambi
2010 -03-09 01:19 am ( UTC )
Mega wowzers !
From : demongoldfish
2010-03-09 03:41 am ( UTC )
so amazing !
From : nervousystem
2010-03-09 04:56 am ( UTC )
why do the mega suits self destruct , this is a lawsuit waiting to happen .
From : missleo78
2010-03-09 06:45 am ( UTC )
How long does it take you to do something like that ?
Soooo great !
From : teamdynamite
2010-03-09 10:47 am ( UTC )
my working schedule is like this :
- Do ten pages the first day
- Do nothing for a week
- Do another five pages , realise it 's 4:00 in the morning , but carry on anyway because you are close to finishing and then you can move on to another project oh boy
- Spend one morning scanning and fixing
- the end From : witchdoctors
2010-03-09 12:39 pm ( UTC )
Hahaha very nice work .
From : adam_0oo
2010-03-09 04:26 pm ( UTC )
So awesome , was that an Bat - anti - shark - spray ?
And do you have a bunch of characters worked out beforehand or do you just create them when you are drawing ?
There are so many .
From : teamdynamite
2010-03-09 05:15 pm ( UTC )
all the characters had been doodled prior apart from the duck and the thing next to the duck on page 8
and yes that is an adam west batman reference , 1000000 points to you for spotting it , good knowledge of camp batman films i might sneak a Batman & robin reference in my next comic ... or not From : bbstard
2010 -05-07 06:25 am ( UTC )
WHOA !
Dude , my life became 10 x better as a result of reading this , and to think , I was this close to going to sleep ...
From : ( Anonymous )
2010 -11-25 09:48 pm ( UTC )
WOW !
WOW I wish had the time it took to read and look at this back .
Really stupid .
Most lung cancers are caused by smoking A gene that could help explain why some non-smokers develop lung cancer has been pinpointed by US researchers .
It is hoped that further research into the GPC5 gene could open the way for new targeted treatments as well as picking out those at high risk .
But Cancer Research UK said more work was needed to work out the exact reason for the link .
A quarter of lung cancers globally occur in people who have never smoked , The Lancet Oncology reports .
Smoking causes 90 % of lung cancers , but there is still a significant number of non-smokers who develop the disease
Dr Kat Arney , Cancer Research UK
In the UK , 10 % of lung cancers develop in people who do not smoke .
The researchers said lung cancer in non-smokers was an increasing problem but the causes were not well understood .
DNA samples from 754 people who had smoked fewer than 100 cigarettes in their lifetime were scanned to find the genetic differences that seemed most likely to affect the risk of lung cancer .
When chronic respiratory disease , exposure to second - hand smoke and family history of lung cancer were taken into account , two sections of the genome seemed to be key .
Confirmation
The team then took the 44 most common genetic alterations seen in the first part of the study and studied them in two other groups of non-smokers - half of whom had been diagnosed with lung cancer .
The same two genetic marks were significant .
A third study of 530 patients confirmed the result .
Closer analysis showed that these two bits of the genome were responsible for switching on and off the GPC5 gene .
Further tests showed that activity of the GPC5 gene was 50 % lower in adenocarcinoma - the most common form of lung cancer - than in normal lung tissue .
The researchers believe that this lower activity of the gene could contribute to the development of cancer in people who do not smoke .
In a comment piece published alongside the study , Dr Ramaswamy Govindan , from Washington University School of Medicine , said " it is far from clear " how the finding could predispose people to lung cancer .
" More studies are needed to confirm these preliminary observations in the tumour samples from those with no history of tobacco smoking . "
Dr Kat Arney , Cancer Research UK 's science information manager , said : " Smoking causes 90 % of lung cancers , but there is still a significant number of non-smokers who develop the disease .
" These new results could help to explain why , but much more work needs to be done to understand exactly how these gene variations are linked to lung cancer risk . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Researchers have made a new material that can be used to guide waves of light , a breakthrough that could lead to ultra - fast computing .
Georgia
Tech scientists are using specially designed organic dyes that can process and redirect light without the need to be converted to electricity first .
Traditional computing equipment , such as network routers , can receive light signals off fiber optic cables , but all data is internally processed using traditional electronic chips .
Using all light , however , an optical - router could lead to transmission speeds as high as 2000 gigabits per second , five times faster than current technology .
This work provides proof that at least from a molecular point of view , we can identify and produce materials that have the right properties for all - optical processing , said Seth Marder , a professor in the Georgia Tech School of Chemistry .
This opens the door for looking at this issue in an entirely different way .
The organic dye materials developed by the Georgia Tech team reacts to light by changing its refractive index , effectively changing the direction of the light .
Collaborators in Georgia Tech 's Center for Organic Photonics and Electronics ( COPE ) have been working on the molecules for several years , refining their properties so it redirects the light without interfering with the information it carries .
For this class of molecules , we can with a high - degree of reliability predict where the molecules will have both large optical nonlinearities and low two - photon absorption , said Marder .
At the present time , the solution only works in liquid form .
For their materials to have practical value , the researchers will have to incorporate them in a solid phase , as well as address other challenges .
We have to figure out how to pack them together so they have a high density and useful physical forms that would be stable under operation , said co-author Joseph Perry , also a professor in the Georgia Tech School of Chemistry and Biochemistry .
Perry and Marder emphasize that many years of research remain ahead before their new materials will be practical .
But they believe the approach they 've developed charts a path toward all - optical systems .
The research was funded by the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) , the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) and the Office of Naval Research ( ONR ) .
The outbreak of violence between the two immigrant groups shocked Italians , many of whom have struggled to come to terms with the relatively recent advent of a multi-ethnic society .
" It 's like something out of Los Angeles , with the gang fights between the Bloods and the Crips , " commented La Stampa on its front page .
By Robert Tracinski - January 8 , 2010
Usually a major welfare - state bill has to be passed by Congress and go into effect before it is exposed as corrupt .
The money has to actually be flowing out of Washington before anyone notices that it 's being diverted into a cesspool of special favors and sweetheart deals .
But a lot of things are unprecedented about the current push for a health care bill .
Never has such a major expansion of the welfare state been passed without bipartisan support and broad approval from the public .
And rarely has the corruption of a program been exposed while it is still awaiting final approval in Congress .
In this case , the special favors and vote - buying are so gaudy that some of the corrupt deals even have their own names : the " Cornhusker Kickback " and the " Louisiana Purchase . "
In order to squeak by with the votes they needed in the House and Senate , Democratic leader offered money for hospitals in some districts , exemptions for limitations on Medicare Advantage programs in other districts , special tax breaks here and federal subsidies there .
It 's so bad that fellow Democratic Senator Blanche Lincoln felt the need to publicly denounce Ben Nelson 's " horse - trading " on behalf of Nebraska , and California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger , a liberal Republican who used to support the health care bill , has turned against it .
Schwarzenegger explains : " While I enthusiastically support health care reform , it is not reform to push more costs onto states that are already struggling while other states get sweetheart deals .
Health care reform , which started as noble and needed legislation , has become a trough of bribes , deals , and loopholes . "
And Senator Nelson himself is now saying " I think it was a mistake " — not the rotten compromise he asked for , but the administration 's whole decision to pursue a health care bill in the first place rather than focusing on reviving the economy .
Amazingly , under pressure , the Democrats are not scaling back on the corruption of this bill .
They 're doubling down .
They are trying to salvage a corrupt product by adopting a corrupt process , canceling the traditional conference committee that would harmonize the House and Senate versions of the bill , in favor of closed - door negotiations to produce an even more complicated and opaque compromise .
This is being done in flagrant violation of one of President Obama 's major campaign promises : to make the health - care negotiations available to public and specifically to broadcast them on C - SPAN .
Breitbart TV has a montage of no fewer than eight campaign appearances at which Obama made this promise , and C - SPAN 's Brian Lamb has written an open letter demanding that the president make good on it .
The White House has responded by refusing to answer questions on the issue , while Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi just had a Baghdad Bob moment .
Baghdad Bob , you may recall , was the Iraqi propaganda flack who famously declared " There are no American infidels in Baghdad " while US tanks were rolling into Saddam 's parade grounds less than a mile away .
With equal plausibility , Pelosi declared that " There has never been a more open process for any legislation . "
Here 's how the Associated Press describes this " open process " :
Democratic aides said the final compromise talks would essentially be a three - way negotiation involving top Democrats in the House and Senate and the White House , a structure that gives unusual latitude to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada and Speaker Nancy Pelosi of California … .
[ T ]he plan is to skip the formal meetings , reach an agreement , then have the two houses vote as quickly as possible .
In short , Pelosi , Reid , and White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel will cobble together 2,000 pages of legislation between themselves , larding the bill with special favors and obscure clauses — then they 'll spring it on rank - and - file Democratic congressmen and order them to vote for it within a day or two , before they can even figure out what 's in it .
How long before some Democratic congressmen become tired of being abused in this fashion — or begin to fear being seen as political hacks by their constituents back home ?
The special deals and payoffs are incidental to the bill in one sense ; if they were all removed it would still be a bad bill .
But in another sense , they reveal something essential about a government takeover of health care : it is all about looting , about how one group of people can tax and regulate others in an attempt to get something for nothing .
All statist programs are rife with this kind of scheming , and they have to be , because whenever wealth is seized by force , there is a battle among the looters over how to divide the spoils .
Of course , the Democrats campaigned in 2006 and 2008 by promising " transparency " and railing against a " culture of corruption . "
But they just can't help themselves because big government is the culture of corruption .
Every time private money is seized or diverted by the government , it sets off a mad scramble in which every pressure group is afraid of being on the losing end .
In the cannibalistic jargon of Washington , if you 're not on the table , you 're on the menu .
And there is no honest way to resolve these disputes because everyone has an equally legitimate claim to the looted wealth — which is to say , none at all .
So principles do n't apply , and it's all just unscrupulous horse - trading .
The Cornhusker Kickback is a very visible reminder of this fact , which is why it has become the emblem of this bill .
In one action , Senator Nelson and Majority Leader Reid have managed to bring the entire United States Congress into disrepute — and this is sinking the prospects for final passage of the health care bill .
To paraphrase Churchill , the Democrats in Congress had to choose between legislative defeat and dishonor .
They chose dishonor .
They will get defeat .
A California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) - led team of researchers and clinicians has published the first proof that a targeted nanoparticle -- used as an experimental therapeutic and injected directly into a patient 's bloodstream -- can traffic into tumors , deliver double - stranded small interfering RNAs ( siRNAs ) , and turn off an important cancer gene using a mechanism known as RNA interference ( RNAi ) .
Moreover , the team provided the first demonstration that this new type of therapy , infused into the bloodstream , can make its way to human tumors in a dose - dependent fashion -- i.e. , a higher number of nanoparticles sent into the body leads to a higher number of nanoparticles in the tumor cells .
These results , published in the March 21 advance online edition of the journal Nature , demonstrate the feasibility of using both nanoparticles and RNAi - based therapeutics in patients , and open the door for future " game - changing " therapeutics that attack cancer and other diseases at the genetic level , says Mark Davis , the Warren and Katharine Schlinger Professor of Chemical Engineering at Caltech , and the research team 's leader .
The discovery of RNA interference , the mechanism by which double strands of RNA silence genes , won researchers Andrew Fire and Craig Mello the 2006 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine .
The scientists first reported finding this novel mechanism in worms in a 1998 Nature paper .
Since then , the potential for this type of gene inhibition to lead to new therapies for diseases like cancer has been highly touted .
" RNAi is a new way to stop the production of proteins , " says Davis .
What makes it such a potentially powerful tool , he adds , is the fact that its target is not a protein .
The vulnerable areas of a protein may be hidden within its three - dimensional folds , making it difficult for many therapeutics to reach them .
In contrast , RNA interference targets the messenger RNA ( mRNA ) that encodes the information needed to make a protein in the first place .
" In principle , " says Davis , " that means every protein now is druggable because its inhibition is accomplished by destroying the mRNA .
And we can go after mRNAs in a very designed way given all the genomic data that are and will become available . "
Still , there have been numerous potential roadblocks to the application of RNAi technology as therapy in humans .
One of the most problematic has been finding a way to ferry the therapeutics , which are made up of fragile siRNAs , into tumor cells after direct injection into the bloodstream .
Davis , however , had a solution .
Even before the discovery of RNAi , he and his team had begun working on ways to deliver nucleic acids into cells via systemic administration .
They eventually created a four - component system -- featuring a unique polymer -- that can self - assemble into a targeted , siRNA - containing nanoparticle .
The siRNA delivery system is under clinical development by Calando Pharmaceuticals , Inc. , a Pasadena - based nanobiotech company .
advertisement
" These nanoparticles are able to take the siRNAs to the targeted site within the body , " says Davis .
Once they reach their target -- in this case , the cancer cells within tumors -- the nanoparticles enter the cells and release the siRNAs .
The scientific results described in the Nature paper are from a Phase I clinical trial of these nanoparticles that began treating patients in May 2008 .
Phase I trials are , by definition , safety trials ; the idea is to see if and at what level the drug or other therapy turns harmful or toxic .
These trials can also provide an in - human scientific proof of concept -- which is exactly what is being reported in the Nature paper .
Using a new technique developed at Caltech , the team was able to detect and image nanoparticles inside cells biopsied from the tumors of several of the trial 's participants .
In addition , Davis and his colleagues were able to show that the higher the nanoparticle dose administered to the patient , the higher the number of particles found inside the tumor cells -- the first example of this kind of dose - dependent response using targeted nanoparticles .
Even better , Davis says , the evidence showed the siRNAs had done their job .
In the tumor cells analyzed by the researchers , the mRNA encoding the cell - growth protein ribonucleotide reductase had been degraded .
This degradation , in turn , led to a loss of the protein .
More to the point , the mRNA fragments found were exactly the length and sequence they should be if they 'd been cleaved in the spot targeted by the siRNA , notes Davis .
" It 's the first time anyone has found an RNA fragment from a patient 's cells showing the mRNA was cut at exactly the right base via the RNAi mechanism , " he says .
" It proves that the RNAi mechanism can happen using siRNA in a human . "
" There are many cancer targets that can be efficiently blocked in the laboratory using siRNA , but blocking them in the clinic has been elusive , " says Antoni Ribas , associate professor of medicine and surgery at UCLA 's Jonsson Comprehensive Cancer Center .
" This is because many of these targets are not amenable to be blocked by traditionally designed anti-cancer drugs .
This research provides the first evidence that what works in the lab could help patients in the future by the specific delivery of siRNA using targeted nanoparticles .
We can start thinking about targeting the untargetable . "
advertisement
" Although these data are very early and more research is needed , this is a promising study of a novel cancer agent , and we are proud of our contribution to the initial clinical development of siRNA for the treatment of cancer , " says Anthony Tolcher , director of clinical research at South Texas Accelerated Research Therapeutics ( START ) .
" Promising data from the clinical trials validates our years of research at City of Hope into ribonucleotide reductase as a target for novel gene - based therapies for cancer , " adds coauthor Yun Yen , associate director for translational research at City of Hope .
" We are seeing for the first time the utility of siRNA as a cancer therapy and how nanotechnology can target cancer cells specifically . "
The Phase I trial -- sponsored by Calando Pharmaceuticals -- is proceeding at START and UCLA 's Jonsson Comprehensive Cancer Center , and the clinical results of the trial will be presented at a later time .
" At the very least , we 've proven that the RNAi mechanism can be used in humans for therapy and that the targeted delivery of siRNA allows for systemic administration , " Davis says .
" It is a very exciting time . "
In addition to Davis , Ribas , Tolcher , and Yen , the coauthors on the Nature paper are Caltech graduate students Jonathan Zuckerman ( an MD / PhD student doing his MD work at UCLA ) and Chung Hang Choi ; former Caltech graduate student Christopher Alabi , now a postdoctoral scholar at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ; David Seligson , director of the UCLA Tissue Array Core Facility at the David Geffen School of Medicine ; and Jeremy Heidel , who is currently a consultant for Calando Pharmaceuticals .
The work described in the paper was supported in part by the National Cancer Institute and the Daljit S. and Elaine Sarkaria Biomarker Laboratories .
Caltech , Davis , and Heidel have a financial interest in Calando Pharmaceuticals .
Advertisement
FamilySearch , the online arm of the Family History Library , has a new beta search service that lets the public dig around to find documents and facts on their relatives and ancestors .
It 's a pretty huge index of data , and it 's free .
The library contains a vast amount of historical records and tallies from all over the country and world .
Census data , birth and death certificates , church parish tallies , military enrollments , and many , many more data sources .
If you 've ever been intrigued about those who came before , but do n't want to invest your time quite yet in a family tree app , taking a peek around Family Search might pay off
Advertisement
Build your family tree with Geni Geni is a flash - based genealogy web application designed to make it easy to start a family tree and Read more
It 's a service run by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - Day Saints , and it 's free to browse and use .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
FamilySearch.org [ via ResourceShelf ]
We ’ve been lied to for years now about the severity of California ’s water shortage .
The media and state officials have been ringing the alarm , warning that the state was in the grips of the quite possibly the “ worst California drought in modern history , ” when in fact the state nearly pulled in its average rainfall in 2009 .
The fearmongering is about to go into overdrive , as powerful interests start whipping up fears of drought to push through a $ 11 billion bond measure on the upcoming November elections , setting up the Golden State for a corporate water grab .
One of the big boosters promoting the drought scare is Gov. Schwarzenegger , who declared a state of emergency in early 2009 , and promised to reduce water deliveries across the state by a whopping 80 percent .
Such a huge cutback is alarming for a state in which most of the population lives hundreds of miles away from water sources and is dependent on a gargantuan aqueduct system for basic survival .
So journalists seized on this juicy disaster - in - progress story , hitting their readers with heavy - handed images of drought and suffering that seemed more in line with something filed on a UN humanitarian mission in Somalia than news from the heart of California .
Has the drought really been that bad ?
According to the November / December 2009 issue of Mother Jones , yes , it has : “ [ F ] armers are selling prized almond trees for firewood , fields are reverting to weed , and farm workers who once fled droughts in Mexico are overwhelming food banks .
In short , the valley is becoming what an earlier generation of refugees thought they ’d escaped : an ecological catastrophe in the middle of a social and economic one — a 21st century Dust Bowl . ”
60 Minutes ‘ recent segment on California ’s water crisis agreed , proclaiming : “ You do n’t have to go to Africa or the Middle East to see how much the planet is running dry .
Just go to California .
” The New York Times , Los Angeles Times , McClatchy ’s , the Wall Street Journal — all have sung the same tune .
When left , right , print , broadcast and mainstream media outlets agree , it has to be true , right ?
Well , not exactly .
Here ’s what an end - of - the - year update published in November 2009 by the US Bureau of Reclamation had to say about the drought : precipitation in 2009 was about 94 percent of average in Northern California , which is pretty much the only region that matters since it is where three - quarters of the state ’s water comes from .
Ninety - four percent of average ?
That does not sound like severe drought conditions at all .
But do n’t tell that to California ’s Department of Water Resources , which still has a huge DHS - style “ Drought Condition Severe ” orange alert plastered on its Web site .
The power of simple fact - checking aside , why would California officials exaggerate — if not outright lie — about the drought ?
Well , the issue here is less about the drought itself and more about what a drought — real or not — can help achieve .
If there is one thing 2009 revealed about California ’s “ action hero ” governor , it ’s that he is eagerly willing to serve as the front man for the sleaziest , most crooked business cartel in the state : a de facto water oligarchy made up of billionaire corporate farmers who run vast stretches of the state like their own personal fiefdoms , exploiting migrant workers for slave labor and soaking the taxpayers for billions of dollars in subsidies every year .
And like all good businessmen , they are n’t letting a good mini-crisis go to waste .
Their objective is to whip up fears of a drought - related calamity to push through a “ solution ” they ’ve been having wet dreams about for the past five decades : a multi-billion - dollar aqueduct the width of the Panama Canal that would give them near total control of more than half of California ’s water supplies .
That ’s what the state ’s “ historic ” $ 11 - billion bond measure that will appear on the November 2010 ballot is all about .
A columnist at the Stockton Record said it best :
It “ really amounts to an old - fashioned California water grab based on the failure to face nature ’s limits . ”
In the convoluted world of California water politics , nothing is ever what it seems .
And this time , it appears that even the most well - meaning of journalists fighting the good fight fell hook , line and sinker for the propaganda spun out by California ’s well - greased water oligarchy .
But if everyone got something as basic as the premise of California ’s supposed water crisis — the drought — wrong , what else did they miss ?
Turns out , quite a bit .
With no real drought in California , a lot of the myths , falsehoods and outright lies meant to stir up the masses might no longer makes sense .
On the other hand , just because the state has rain does n’t mean the state ca n’t run out water , not with the way corporate farmers are ramping up the pumping of the state ’s increasingly - overtapped water supplies .
So here are the top five things your billionaire - bullshit meter should be picking up :
Myth : Urban water conservation is key in protecting California ’s water resources
Schwarzenegger ’s mandate that urban water use be cut by 20 percent has earned the governor a lot of green cred , but few people realize that his plan for water conservation is actually a forced wealth transfer scheme in a environmentalist disguise .
Conservation is a good idea , but it wo n’t do much good for California , no matter how diligent residents are about turning off the tap while brushing or the number of low - flush toilets they install , not unless farmers are forced to conserve water as well .
It is a simple matter of discrimination .
Why is the agricultural industry exempted from mandatory conservation when it consumes an unreal 80 % of California ’s water ?
There wo n’t be much conservation going on even if every living soul in California up and moves to another state .
Because no matter how much water city dwellers save , it ’ll be sucked up by wealthy corporate farmers who are always on the lookout for more taxpayer - subsidized wet wealth .
And with water trading for a minimum at ten times what they pay for it on the open market , every gallon a city dweller conserves will will end up as cash in the personal bank account of some wealthy corporate farmers .
It ’s all part of the master plan because , even as the governor talks up urban conservation , he tries his darnedest to get them more water .
Myth : Irrigation water rationing is causing California ’s unemployment to spike to critical levels .
I could quote from a number of news sources —
Fox News , CBS , Mother Jones , the New York Times — to demonstrate the pervasiveness of this bogus notion , but luckily there is no need because most of the stuff is oddly similar to the media spam cranked out by Governor Schwarzenegger ’s press secretary .
Something like this : “ [ Drought ] conditions are causing a loss of livelihood for many thousands of people , an inability to provide for families , and increased harm to the communities that depend on them . . . the Central Valley town of Mendota , as one example , already reports an unemployment rate of more than 40 percent and lines of a thousand or more for food distribution . ”
Had any journalist bothered to look up its unemployment rate for some other year , they would have seen that water has never been a factor .
Over a decade ago , Mendota ’s unemployment normally ranged from 28 to 32 percent .
In 1998 , a wet year , it had an unemployment rate of 38 percent .
In 2002 , a slightly dry year , unemployment was still the same : 37.7 percent .
The chronic hardship seen in Mendota , and the much of the Central Valley , can not be neatly blamed on the weather .
There are other bigger , more ominous forces at play here .
Mendota is in a bad place , at once existing on the edge of America ’s poorest Congressional District and also in one of its wealthiest , most subsidized farming communities : the Westlands Water District .
This is how Lloyd G. Carter , a veteran UPI reporter who has covered California ’s farming industry for three decades , describes it : “ Rule is by the rich .
Indeed , in Westlands , which is a public agency , the growers with the most land have the most votes in electing directors to the district ’s board .
The late Justice William O. Douglas called this voting control by the big growers a corporate political kingdom undreamed of by those who wrote our Constitution . ”
To put it another way : the billionaire farmers who run Westlands like their own fiefdom have always liked to keep their labor costs down , preferring low - paid migrant workers to those who would register with the unemployment office .
Myth :
The “ drought ” is hurting small , family farmers — “ the backbone of America ” — the most .
Small farmers are hurting , but rarely does it have anything to do with water rationing .
You ’ll find gobs of farmer pity in just about every story filed on the Central Valley , but most forget to mention that the bulk of the land threatened by water shortages is owned by wealthy corporate farmers clustered in and around Westlands Water District , in the driest , hottest and most isolated corner of the Central Valley .
Most of these “ farmers ” do n’t rise with the crow of the rooster , but fly in on private jets from Orange County and Beverly Hills .
Most journalists , like the one who wrote a long rambling piece in the David Eggers special Bay Area newspaper production , Panorama , insist on painting scenes of family farm life in sentimental pastel while ignoring the greedy geezers who really run the show , and own everyone and everything in sight .
“ W ” is for “ welfare ” : two generations of money - grubbing farmers from the Woolf family
But you get to meet one of the boys from Westlands doing his struggling farmer routine on 60 Minutes , giving viewers a walkthrough of his family - farm - in - crisis , explaining how the drought forced him to fallow some of his fields while , in the background , massive shredding trucks turned $ 18 - million worth his almond trees into a neat pile of wood chips .
The 60 Minutes segment , like most other farmer profiles , left out the stuff that would squelch any sympathy for their cause .
Like the fact that the Woolf family clan operates the “ biggest farming operation in Fresno County ” that receives $ 4.2 million in taxpayer - subsidized water every year , enough to supply a city of 150,000 people .
In the past decade , the dozen or so companies partially owned by Stuart Woolf have taken in roughly $ 8 million in federal crop subsidies .
But Stuart Woolf still feels like he is n’t getting enough .
In 2008 , he threatened a congressional subcommittee that he ’d move his family ’s farm holdings to Portugal , Spain , Turkey and even China if the feds did n’t give him more taxpayer - subsidized water .
Myth : Water shortages threaten to wipe out California ’s agricultural industry , causing a chain reaction that will cripple the state ’s economy and raise food prices around the country , maybe even the world .
It ’s true , a total meltdown of California ’s agricultural industry , the largest in the United States , would be bad news for everyone involved .
But the problem with this apocalyptic domino effect , which pops up as a talking point on Schwarzneger ’s press releases and is parroted by the likes of Bloomberg and the Wall Street Journal , is a pesky thing called reality .
Most irrigation districts have been getting their water on schedule .
And because the drought has only affected atiny sliver — about two percent — of California ’s total farmland , most of which happens to be some of the most heavily - subsidized growing operations in the state , any “ multiplier effect ” is bound to be limited , if noticeable at all .
Take Westlands Water District , where a sizable chunk of the state ’s fallowed farmland is concentrated .
The district produces about $ 1 billion in gross income a year , $ 750 million of which is funded by water subsidies .
Add to that hundreds of millions more in direct crop subsidies , and pretty soon the government ends up funding most , if not all of Westlands ’ economic output .
Even if Westlands farmers were n’t such welfare queens , it would be hard to get worked even if the entire old billionaire club went under .
After all , their entire output amounts to one - half of one percent of California ’s $ 1.8 trillion .
And we ’re not talking about missing out on vital crops here : who ’d even notice an uptick in almond prices ?
Myth : Big city environmentalists are making the drought more serious than it actually is .
In 2007 , a federal judge limited the amount of water that could be pumped out of Northern California because it endangering a small , but important fish called the Delta smelt , which is now protected by the California Endangered Species Act .
Ever since , California ’s wealthy Central Valley farmers — including Westlands — have staged a public relations war , blaming big city elitists for caring more about the environment than they do about American farmers .
“ Thanks to environmental regulations designed to protect the likes of the three - inch long delta smelt , one of America ’s premier agricultural regions is suffering in a drought made worse by federal regulations , ” pronounced a Wall Street Journal editorial in September 2009 .
Fox News took the attack to a whole new level , with Sean Hannity proclaiming that President and his Royal Democratic - Socialist Guard were single - handedly killing off hardworking American farmers and demanded that the Obama “ turn this water on now . ”
The funny thing is that Obama had already done that , when the court - ordred pumping restrictions were lifted three months earlier .
The reason these farmers were n’t getting their water had nothing to do with the fish , and all to do with their “ junior ” water rights and a bailout business mentality .
In the past decade , farmers had lobbied for and received 30 % more water than they did in the 1990s , knowingly taking a gamble by planting permanent , high - cost crops in an area first to suffer water cutbacks during dry times .
But they did it anyway , fully expecting to get the government to keep delivering the water even in a time of drought , which it has .
According to the Environmental Defense Fund , even the most junior water rights holders were receiving almost all of their water all throughout 2009 .
Where has all that water gone ?
Well , some of the farmers have been selling it on the open market , frequently flipping their heavily taxpayer - subsidized water back to the government for twice the price .
One millionaire farmer - cum - real - estate - developer made roughly $ 60 million selling his welfare water to a McTractHome paradise in the Mojave Desert , selling water was easier and more lucrative than farming .
Bonus myth : the drought has sparked a grassroots movement of farm owners and farm workers , uniting to pressure the government for more water .
Nothing exposes Arnold Schwarzenegger and his billionaire farmers backers for the sadistic slime balls that they are than the Latino Water Coalition , an astroturf group created by farming interests , paid for by taxpayer money and blessed by the governor himself .
The group was designed to give a populist face to a purely corporate cause , paying poor Latino migrant workers to take part in protests staged for the benefit of Fox News ’ camera , even sent to go on a 5 - day “ March for Water ” to draw attention to California farmers ’ plight and generally exploiting the exploited so that you can help you exploit them even more .
But the worst part about it is that well - meaning journalists fell for it .
This article was first published by AlterNet .
Further reading : HOW LIMOUSINE LIBERALS , OLIGARCH FARMERS AND EVEN SEAN HANNITY ARE HIJACKING OUR WATER SUPPLY …
Yasha Levine is a mobile home inhabitin’ editor of The eXiled .
He is currently stationed in Victorville , CA .
You can reach him at levine [ at ] exiledonline.com .
Further reading : HOW LIMOUSINE LIBERALS , OLIGARCH FARMERS AND EVEN SEAN HANNITY ARE HIJACKING OUR WATER SUPPLY
Yasha Levine is a mobile home inhabitin’ editor of The eXiled .
He is currently stationed in Victorville , CA .
You can reach him at levine [ at ] exiledonline.com .
This is the legacy blog of the Bicycle Coalition of Greater Philadelphia .
It is an archive of posts from 2003 to 2014 .
Making your ride better since 1972 .
https://www.bicyclecoalition.org
Six women in Beirut seek love , marriage , and companionship and find duty , friendship , and possibility .
Four work at a salon : Nisrine , engaged to Bassam , with a secret she shares with her co-workers ; Jamale , a divorced mother of teens , a part - time model , fearing the encroachment of time ; Rima , always in pants , attracted to Siham , a client who smiles back ; Layale , in love with a married man , willing to drop everything at a honk of his horn .
There 's also Rose , a middle - aged seamstress , who cares for Lili , old and facing dementia .
Rose has a suitor ; Layale has an admirer on the police force .
Is delight a possibility ?
Is caramel a sweet or an instrument of pain ?
Written by < jhailey@hotmail.com >
Former CIA station chief charged with sex assault arrested in Va .
The CIA ’s former top officer in Algeria was arrested at a Norfolk hotel after he failed to show up for a federal court hearing on a sexual assault charge , authorities said .
Andrew M. Warren , 42 , who had worked at the U.S. Embassy in Algiers , was indicted by a federal grand jury in the District in June .
He was free on personal recognizance as case wended its way through the court .
Authorities have alleged in court filings that Warren drugged and raped two women at his residence in the North African country in September 2007 and February 2008 .
Warren is charged only in the 2008 allegation .
Warren told investigators that he had consensual sex with the two women , the court papers state .
According to court records , a judge ordered that a bench warrant be issued after Warren failed to appear for an April 21 status hearing and did not check in with pretrial services .
Norfolk police , working with U.S. State Department Diplomatic Security Service special agents and U.S. Marshals , said they took Warren into custody about 4 p.m. Monday at a Ramada Limited hotel .
A handgun was recovered during the arrest , police said .
This post has been updated since it was first published .
— Maria Glod
Eliciting a reaction ( Image : Fox Photos / Hulton Archive / Getty )
BRAIN cells that may underlie our ability to empathise with others have been detected directly in people for the first time .
Monkey brains have been shown to contain so - called “ mirror ” neurons , which fire both when the animal performs an action and when it observes others performing that action .
Until now , the only evidence that our brains contain similar neurons has been indirect , derived from functional MRI scans .
Now Roy Mukamel at the University of California , Los Angeles , and colleagues have observed mirror neurons directly in humans .
They used electrodes to record brain …
The anarchist author Gabriel Kuhn was planning on visiting the United States in early March and staying until May .
He had speaking engagements set up at several colleges , bookstores , and coffeehouses .
But he ’s no longer coming .
Kuhn , who was born in Austria and lives in Sweden , wrote a prize - winning book on contemporary anarchism in the United States .
And he ’s the author of two new books published by PM Press out of Oakland .
One is called “ Life Under the Jolly Roger : Reflections on Golden Age Piracy , ” and the other is “ Sober Living for the Revolution : Hardcore Punk , Straight Edge , and Radical Politics . ”
He applied through Homeland Security ’s Electronic System for Travel Authorization , which has been in place for a little more than a year .
This system is for people who are traveling to the United States from countries where the U.S. used to say you did n’t need a visa to come to America .
( For a list of those countries , click here . )
Now you need to have either a visa or approval from the Electronic System for Travel Authorization .
So Kuhn , who has come to the United States several times before , logged onto the Homeland Security website and tried to get the travel authorization .
“ I considered the process a mere formality , ” he wrote in his own account of what happened .
“ When the words ‘ Travel Not Authorized ’ appeared on my computer screen , I instantly thought [ it was ] a mistake .
Certainly I must have missed a letter or digit in my application form .
I checked the records .
I had n’t missed anything .
Nonetheless , I applied again .
It took only a few hours to receive another rejection . ”
Joanne Ferreira , a press officer at U.S. Customs and Border Protection , said she could n’t comment on Kuhn ’s specific case , but she said people are rejected for a variety of reasons .
“ It could be criminal activity , or an immigration violation , or anything in his past , ” she said .
She added that people denied travel authorization could then apply for a visa .
Kuhn , who believes he ’s landed on the No Fly List , understood he had that option but concluded it was unlikely he would be granted a visa , and if he did get it , he was worried he ’d be turned away once he got here .
“ Under these circumstances , it became impossible for me to continue planning my tour ( which was to start in a month ) , and I had to cancel . ”
Kuhn , who got a PhD in philosophy from the University of Innsbruck , tells me there is a lot of “ official hype ” about freedom of speech in America , but it ’s not a reality here .
Nor is the freedom to listen .
“ This is what authorities try to undermine by keeping folks with ‘ suspicious ’ views from visiting the country , ” he tells me .
“ This is nothing new .
If we use anarchist history as an example , xenophobia and political oppression have always gone hand in hand .
The first strong wave of anarchism in the U.S. between 1870 and 1920 was largely ascribed to immigrant groups ( mainly Germans , Italians , and Russians ) .
The ‘ anarchist exclusion ban ’ was passed by Congress in 1903 , and the mass deportation of anarchists without citizenship in 1919 pretty much marked a final blow to the movement . ”
Ramsey Kanaan , co-founder and publisher of PM Press , says the rejection of Kuhn ’s travel authorization application “ seems to represent a turn towards targeting radicals who have hitherto not fit the ‘ war on terror ’ profile . ”
He points out that even the Bush Administration , though not without questioning , allowed Kuhn in .
“ Why is it , under an Obama regime struggling to contain massive economic crisis , that this is no longer the case ? ”
Several people who set up U.S. venues for Kuhn are furious that he had to cancel .
Lynn Owens is an assistant professor of sociology at Middlebury .
“ I was very angry to hear of Gabriel 's exclusion from the U.S. and the subsequent canceling of his tour , ” Owens tells me .
“ I had worked with him to arrange for him to give a talk at my school , excited to be able to squeeze a small amount of funds to bring in a speaker to campus who was outside the normal range of who normally comes , to expose the students ( as well as , hopefully , members of the broader community ) to new and less common political ideas and experiences .
I am mad not only because we lost a great speaker ; I am mad because we are losing the ability to move and act freely in this world , all under the guise of making us ‘ safer . ’
As someone who studies the role of travel , movement , and border crossings in the construction of social movements and political activism , I can tell you that programs like the unaccountable ‘ No Fly List ’ will have a serious effect on the possibilities for political action , both across and within borders .
This is simply one more step in trying to not only delegitimate opposition , but also to make it increasingly difficult to build and maintain connections between activists . ”
Immanuel Ness is a professor of political science at Brooklyn College , CUNY .
“ Gabriel Kuhn is a highly recognized international scholar on anarchism who has a large following among students and faculty , perhaps the reason why the government is preventing his book tour , ” Ness says .
“ The U.S. no -fly ban comes at a time when anarchist and socialist ideas are more compelling among college students than ever .
We live in Orwellian times . ”
Jesse Cohn , an associate professor of English at Purdue North Central , was setting up Kuhn ’s Indiana itinerary .
He ’s worked with Kuhn on translating some of the writings of anarchist Gustav Landauer .
“ The way I first got to know Gabriel , ” says Cohn , “ was through our collaboration on a translation of Landauer 's eloquent denunciation , in the wake of McKinley 's assassination , of ‘ the notion that one can reach the ideal of non-violence by violent means ’ :
‘ All violence is either despotism or authority . ’
Raise your hand if you think this is an idea Americans need to be protected from !
My response , apart from continuing to voice my opposition to such idiotic restrictions of the freedom to travel , will be to do what I can to make sure that Gabriel 's books are read and shared and discussed , that the ideas travel freely where he cannot . ”
Evan Scott , a member of the worker - owned Firestorm Café and Books in Asheville , North Carolina , echoes those sentiments .
“ Our staff and community were disappointed and outraged to learn that Kuhn would not be able to travel in the United States , where his work is freely read and appreciated , ” Scott says .
“ A year into the Obama presidency , this was a stark reminder that the federal government continues to exploit the fear of terrorism to restrict domestic political dissent . ”
For his part , Kuhn says a lot of European dissidents do n’t want to even try to visit the United States because it ’s such a hassle .
“ Especially since the mandatory fingerprinting and iris scan was introduced a few years back , many refuse to travel on principle , ” he says .
“ There already exists a pretty strong ‘ vulgar anti-Americanism ’ among many left - leaning or radical folks , intellectuals included .
I call it ‘ vulgar ’ because it ’s based on stereotypes about the U.S. being nothing but a mixture of Hollywood , McDonalds , and Christian fundamentalism .
Folks like me , who have spent a lot of time in the country and know that this is not true , have been trying long to correct these stereotypes . ”
But given his latest experience , and that of others , he says , “ It gets harder and harder to change people ’s opinions . ”
Funsized teen cutie with pigtails and braces Sally Squirt gets banged by her teachers gigantic rock hard cock in exchange of signing her permission slip from school .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The opposition press in Iran says that former presidential candidate Mir Hosain Musavi attempted to go to Azadi ( Freedom ) Square in downtown Tehran on the occasion of the commemoration of 31 years of the Islamic Revolution in Iran , but was prevented from doing so by a phalanx of plainclothesmen .
Musavi had been prime minister under Imam Ruhollah Khomeini in the late 1980s , but is now marked as a dissident by Khomeini ’s successor , Ali Khamenei .
In the crowd at Azadi Square , Green Movement supporters who unfurled banners or chanted ‘ down with the dictator ’ were said by dissident web site Kalemeh.org to have been swiftly arrested by plainclothesmen stationed in the crowds for this purpose .
Interestingly , the authorities did permit former presidents Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani and Mohammad Khatami to attend the huge rally at Azadi Square .
Did these two give undertakings that they and their followers would not attempt to use the occasion to promote protests ?
Why were they treated so differently from Musavi , whom they support ?
Musavi’s , wife , prominent ‘ Islamic feminist ’ leader Zahra Rahnavard , attempted to attend a protest rally at Sadeghieh Square , but she was likewise surrounded by plainclothesmen , who began cursing and beating her .
Supporters spirited her away .
At Sadeghieh Square itself a small rally was broken up by security forces and plainsclothesmen , who arrested a number of people .
AFP quotes opposition sources saying that tear gas and the brandishing of knives were used in the repression .
Other rallies of oppositionists were treated with similar brutality .
As this unverified video shows , anti-riot police in full battle gear were also inserted strategically into the crowds .
The Guardian quotes a disheartened dissident : “ There were 300 of us , maximum 500 .
Against 10,000 people , ” one protester told the Associated Press .
“ It means they won and we lost .
They defeated us .
They were able to gather so many people .
But this does n’t mean we have been defeated for good .
It ’s a defeat for now .
We need time to regroup . ”
Mehdi Karroubi , another dissident and former presidential candidate , was also stopped by plainclothesmen from reaching Sadeghieh Square , by regime tear gas .
He is said to have developed difficulty breathing .
He was also hit on the head by a stone cast at him , but was not seriously wounded .
His bodyguards are said to have been injured .
In an interview , his son describes his father ’s condition and expresses concern about the whereabouts of his brother ( Mehdi Karroubi ’s other son ) , Ali .
Some say the latter was arrested .
AP reports on the pro-regime rally at Freedom Square on Thursday :
I have to admit puzzlement about the actions of the leadership and rank and file of the Green Movement on Thursday .
Musavi , Rahnavard , and Karroubi appeared to think they would be allowed to go to anti-regime rallying sites , and proceeded in public so that they were easily identified and stopped .
The demonstrators also appear to have acted predictably , such that the regime was ready for them and successfully broke up the rallies .
I have to wonder whether the regime has not managed to insert spies into the informal leadership of the inchoate Green Movement , or tapped their phones or something , because they appear to have have anticipated their every move .
Some Green Movement supporters objected to my characterization of Thursday as a ‘ failure to mobilize , ’ saying that I was n’t taking into account the sheer brutality of regime measures .
But it is a given that this regime is brutal .
It was brutal on Ashura ( Dec. 27 , 2009 ) , but the Greens nevertheless managed to make an impressive showing , and despite regime foreknowledge that it would be a flash point .
What I would say is that coming off the Ashura protests , the Green Movement had the momentum and the regime was under pressure .
The rallies had spread to a number of cities , including conservative ones like Isfahan and Mashhad .
The crowds seemed to be turning on Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei .
After Thursday , the momentum is now with the regime .
Either the Revolutionary Guards are getting better at countering the dissidents or movement members are tired of getting beaten up with no measurable political impact .
As I said yesterday , the regime blocked the ‘ flashmobs ’ by interfering with electronic communication ( google mail , Facebook , Twitter ) .
They also thought strategically about how to control the public space of major cities , resorting to plainclothesmen rather than just uniformed police squads .
It is also possible that President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ’s brinkmanship with the West over Iran ’s civilian nuclear enrichment program is causing the Iranian public to rally to the regime in the face of American , Israeli and European threats .
The Green Movement cannot depend on being able to go on indefinitely mounting big public demonstrations , especially since the cost to the protesters is rising , with beatings , firing of live ammunition , mass arrests and executions .
It also cannot continue to depend on informal networks to organize , since these can be fairly easily disrupted .
Mir Hosain Musavi has said he refuses to form a political party .
There are such parties or at least vague groupings in Iranian politics ( former president Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani leads one ) , and they have members of parliament .
By refusing to develop a grassroots political organization , Musavi may be making the same mistake as former president Abo ’l - Hasan Bani -Sadr , who was toppled from the presidency in summer , 1981 , because he declined to seek a mass organization , whereas his enemies had the “ Hezbollah ” popular militia and the Islamic Republican Party that grouped key hard line clerics .
Ahmadinejad has his Alliance of Builders in Tehran , and is backed by the Revolutionary Guards , the Basij paramilitary , and other security forces .
Musavi has the little flashmobs who could n’t , at least on Thursday .
End / ( Not Continued )
Most folks know what great fun it is to pull harmless pranks on friend and foe alike on the first day of April each year which is commonl ...
LONDON : Labour Party ministers will unveil plans to abolish the House of Lords and replace it with a 300 - member , wholly elected second chamber in a key political move before the general election .
The Justice Secretary , Jack Straw , has been consulting cabinet colleagues on a blueprint that would represent the biggest change to the way Britain is governed for several decades .
The proposals , expected to be announced soon , would sweep away centuries of tradition and set ministers on a collision course with the 704 - member House of Lords , which is resolutely opposed to having elected members .
Ministers are ready to announce their plans , which follow years of fruitless cross-party discussions and several votes in the House of Commons , in an attempt to wrong - foot the Conservatives with a general election less than two months away .
Labour 's plan is to provoke elements within the Conservative Party to object to the reforms , which would allow it to paint the party leader , David Cameron , as wedded to old ideas of privilege .
Holy balls the robot is dead .
Tony and Wes were able to end its empty life despite them traveling all over the goddamn place .
This brings me to our next point :
If you live near Boston and like fun , then you should definitely come to ROFLCon , the internet culture convention that ’s guaranteed to be as fun as it is surreal .
We ’ll be there , especially at the Topatoco booth from 1:00 - 2:00 on Saturday .
Come meet us and we ’ll sketch and sign some shit for you !
This week in Meet Your Farmers , it 's back out to the East End of Long Island where David Falkowski , better known to Hamptons locals as " Mushroom Dave , " is the owner and operator of Open Minded Organics .
A Bridgehampton native , Falkowski started growing , foraging , and selling mushrooms back in 2003 .
He has since built a loyal following who seek out his farm fresh fungi at farmers ' markets and restaurants throughout the Hamptons .
His mushrooms have even received praise from a member of the highest echelon of Hamptons foodies , Ina Garten .
Falkowski was featured in an episode of Barefoot Contessa when his oyster mushrooms took center stage in the Contessa 's lasagna .
The quality of his produce , not to mention his genial personality , has made Dave somewhat of a local celebrity in the farmer 's market community in the Hamptons .
You can find Dave and many other pioneering small farmers at the Sag Harbor , East Hampton , Bridgehampton , and Southampton farmers ' markets , or at his farm stand in Bridgehampton .
Without further ado , let 's get to know Mushroom Dave a little better .
How did you get started into this ?
In 2003 I got my mushroom cultivation certification from Paul Stamets out in Washington .
I came back , built a laboratory and a 12 feet by 20 feet greenhouse in the backyard .
We grew maybe 50 pounds a week , selling to restaurants in the area .
I basically started out knocking on backdoors in restaurants , showing chefs that this is a very different product than what you 'll get from a wholesaler .
Very often I pick and deliver the same day , my varieties are more aesthetically pleasing , and because the freshness they have a better flavor and holding life .
Why mushrooms ?
I realized that mushrooms are a key component in the cycling of organic matter .
Through mushroom cultivation not only do you create humus , or organically rich soil , the basis of soil , but also , as a bonus , we create awesome healing healthy food and powerful medicinals .
How much has your farm grown since you started ?
Now we peak out at 300 pounds a week out of 2,100 square feet .
It 's pretty bio-intensive as far as agriculture goes .
Like many other people , we 've also diversified on the farm .
Last year we brought on chickens and this year we 're really scaling up our vegetable plot .
Take us through the growing process .
The spawn , the cultured tissue in the mushrooms , is grown out on an organic rye grain in the laboratory .
In essence , the spawn is the seed .
We take straw ( wheat straw this year ) , we chop it , silk it , and pasteurize it .
We introduce the spawn to the straw , it gets mixed and put into columns .
They almost look like skinny punching bags . "
What kind of varieties do you grow ?
We regularly cultivate the blue oyster mushrooms , and also have a yellow oyster , a white oyster , and a shiitake .
The other wild ones are n't really conducive to cultivation .
Things like chanterelles , chicken - of - the - woods , and sheeps head mushrooms are wild exclusively .
If we happen to come across those on a foraging hike we 'll sell those as well .
What else are you looking for on your foraging hikes ?
Blackberry bushes .
We hike mostly on public land .
It 's a really nice thing for a farmer to do — to let nature cultivate on its own and just go out and collect .
What are the unique challenges you face growing mushrooms , and doing it on Long Island ?
Probably one of the biggest challenges out here is just the seasonality in the area .
It 's nice to have the winter and the break but at the same time when you have the capital investment with your equipment , it 's nice to run that for the longest period possible .
A few years ago I had really big issues with fungus gnats , which are like fruit flies basically .
That almost shut us down , but I developed an IPM program to manage them .
And when I say IPM I do n't mean chemicals .
What do you mean ?
It basically starts with cleanliness and exclusion .
We grow in what 's called column cultures for the oysters .
We also irrigate the growing beds regularly , which tends to kill adults and larvae .
The most important thing we did is start using sticky card traps with UV lights as an attractant .
That totally changed everything .
We have n't lost a column to fruit flies in the last two years .
How did you wind up on Barefoot Contessa and what was that like ?
Ina Garten — how did I wind up on that one ?
They contacted me , I think maybe one of her cooks might have seen my product at a restaurant .
She came down to the farm , I got to see her studio house where they film the show in East Hampton .
They were very pleasant to work with .
Did you get to eat the meal she made ?
I did not .
I did n't get to taste that lasagna .
Any advice for young aspiring farmers ?
There are great internship programs and organizations like WWOOF that help place people on farms .
I would definitely say do a year or two on a farm and once you have enough experience , go out and try it own your own .
The other option is the school of hard knocks , which is what I did .
I did n't have the opportunity to intern on a mushroom farm — there 's not very many of those positions available compared to conventional farms .
Start small so when you make mistakes you can limit the amount of damage you cause economically .
The future of good food ?
It would be nice to have food producers be able to run their coolers , their greenhouses , their processing areas with wind and solar to make sure that food will always be available .
That creates a more secure food supply .
The fire department and other places like that should have similar programs .
We need to preserve these important institutions in potential times of crisis .
About the interviewer : Carson Poole calls the Finger Lakes home but is living in New York City trying hard to maintain his farm boy credibility .
His first job , at age 10 , was in roadside corn sales .
He is known to enjoy fresh local food and handcrafted spirits and liqueurs .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Chocks away for world 's biggest model aircraft ... shame £ 8,000 B - 50 bomber can only fly for 8min
With Britain 's skies in lockdown over the last week , this was about the only plane that could fly .
There 's a good reason for that - it's just an electric model aircraft , albeit the world 's biggest .
The Boeing B - 50 Superfortress is classified as a light aircraft and is licensed by the Civil Aviation Authority .
Built by Tony Nijhuis in his garage the aircraft is a scale version of the US 1950s bomber , has a 20ft wingspan and weighs just over seven stones .
It took Mr Nijhuis , from Hastings , East Sussex , two years to make the radio - controlled plane that he calls the ' jolly green giant ' and cost him £ 8,000 .
Scroll down for video
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
HOW B -50 MEASURES UP
Powered by : 96 batteries Wing - span : 20ft Cost : £ 8,000 Weight : 100 lb Speed : 40mph
The 46 - year - old model - maker has spent 30 years making model aeroplanes and decided to create an electric version of the 1950s bomber from scratch .
It has 96 batteries that power four electric motors which drive the aircraft to 40 mph along a 50 m runway before it takes off .
It can then fly for eight minutes in the air before it has to descend so the batteries can be recharged .
Made from balsa wood and plywood , the plane also has workable bomb bay doors and pneumatic landing gear .
It is restricted to 400 ft , but after the volcanic ash cloud grounded aircraft , Tony has been making the most of the empty skies .
The plane is 7:1 scale model and has entered the record books after being launched .
The father - of three , who works as a consultant engineer , said : ' This is the heaviest electric model aircraft in the world .
' The bigger the planes are the easier they are to fly .
This has elevator control , rudder control , pneumatically operated under carriage and the bomb bay doors open and could drop real bombs , if you wanted '
' It 's a model of the Boeing B - 50 bomber that was used from the 1950s to the 1970s .
It 's all scratch built and has a wingspan of 19ft .
' It weighs just over 100 lb and is powered by four , four kilowatt electric motors and each motor has 24 batteries powering it .
The propellers have a 2ft diameter .
' I 've been working on it on and off for the last two years and made it in a single garage .
' It comes in eight pieces and has to be bolted together .
' The bigger the planes are the easier they are to fly .
This has elevator control , rudder control , pneumatically operated under carriage and the bomb bay doors open and could drop real bombs if you wanted .
' However , unlike smaller models , if this crashed it would disintegrate .
' Because of its size it is classed as a light aircraft and had to be tested by the Civil Aviation Authority and requires a certificate to fly it at public shows .
' We can only fly it for eight minutes because the batteries need charging and there is an alarm to let us know when the time is running out .
' But full size electric planes are being developed ; the power is there , it 's just that it needs to be sustained for longer . '
楽天でホワイトヴェールを購入すると大後悔!?
日焼け止めを ” 飲んで ” 紫外線対策！？ こん なUV対策見たこと無い ↓↓ 飲む日焼け止めが始めての人はコチラ 飲む日焼け止めのホワイトヴェールって知ってますか？ ホワイトヴェールというのは飲んで肌を焼かないようにするサプリメントです。 このまえ、そのホワイトヴェールを楽天市場で購入したママ友が買った後でグチってるんですよ。 よく調べないで楽天市場で購入したものだから、購入した後でもっと安く買えるキャンペーンサイト を見つけちゃったんですって。 ホワイトヴェールを購入したキッカケは、お気に入りのモデルさんがインスタグラムで紹介していた事らしいんですね。それで、良さそうなので実際に自分でもホワイトヴェールを購入したと。 何か買うときはやっぱり価格や条件を比較してから購入しないとダメですよね。ママ友にはいい勉強になったんじゃないかな。 もっと安く買えるキャンペーンサイト ※購入回数にシバリがなくなりました！いつでも解約できます。
つまり、1回購入して気に入らなければ次回の注文からキャンセルできます。
また、初回注文分も15日以内に申し出れば全額返金してもらえます。
一番安くホワイトヴェールを購入できるサイトって？
公式サイトではいくらでホワイトヴェールを購入できるの？
公式のキャンペーンサイトでは、通常7，560円のホワイトヴェールがナント980円で購入できます。
わずか980円とか安すぎ！ 約87％も安くなっています。もう9割引きと言ってもいいくらいのレベルですよね。
ママ 友Aがグチるのも分かります。 しかも送料無料なんですよ。 あと注目ポイントは到着から15日以内なら返品可能だということ。 ホワイトヴェールには全額返金補償がついているので安心して購入できるんじゃないかと思います。
ホワイトヴェール公式サイトで詳しく見る
どんなサイトや雑誌で紹介されてるの？
ホワイトヴェールは発売されるやいなや、人気の女性誌やウェブサイトで「2016年、注目の紫外線対策！」としてたくさん掲載されているようです。
まずは海外トレンド・セレブ系の女性ファッション誌のGLITTER（グリッター）に掲載されました。
それから、女性の「健康」と「美」にまつわる悩み・疑問について、実験・実証した実用情報を提供する日系ヘルス。
あとはセブン＆アイ出版発行のライフスタイル情報誌のsaita（サイタ）。
そのほか人気の美容ライターさんが実名入りで「オススメ紫外線対策アプリ」として紹介していたり、キレイナビやガールズプレミアムなどのサイトでも取り上げられています。
ホワイトヴェール公式サイトで詳しく見る
ホワイトヴェールはこんな貴方にオススメ！
うっかり塗り忘れてしまうことがある
数時間ごとに塗り直すのが面倒
敏感肌なので塗るのがつらい
ベタツキ感がイ ヤ
毛穴に入って塞がれてしまうのがイヤ
塗るタイプの日焼け止めが禁止されているプールで泳ぐ必要がある
日本製の飲む日焼け止めじゃないと不安
自然素材でできているサプリじゃないと不安 塗り直しなし、汗を書いてもOK、ぬれてもOK、クレンジング不要など夢みたいな全身ケアをしたい貴方にオススメできます。
ホワイトヴェール公式サイトで詳しく見る
ホワイトベールを購入するとこうなります
The government 's plans for a third runway at Heathrow were dealt a blow today after a high court judge agreed with campaigners that climate change threats had not been taken seriously enough .
In a complex judgment , Lord Justice Carnwath declined to quash the controversial planning proposal but branded the original position adopted in the government 's authorisation as untenable .
The judge ordered Whitehall officials to give a formal undertaking that they would carry out a further policy review .
The lengthy judgment was hailed as a victory by both the transport department and the coalition of local councils , green groups and residents who had gone to the courts objecting to the plans for a third runway , saying it was inconsistent with government targets to cut carbon emissions .
On the question of whether the government had taken threats to global warming into consideration sufficiently , the judge remarked : " The [ objectors ' ] submissions add up , in my view , to a powerful demonstration of the potential significance of developments in climate change policy since the 2003 white paper .
They are clearly matters which will need to be taken into account under the new airports NPS [ national policy statement ] . "
But he added : " I am not able , at least on the material before me , to hold that any of these points amounts to a ' show - stopper ' , in the sense that the only rational response would be to abandon the whole project at this stage . "
In the course of his judgment , Lord Justice Carnwath also observed : " I find myself unable wholly to support the position taken by either party " .
A further hearing is due next month to consider costs and whether fresh legal orders need to be made .
Ministers insisted that today 's ruling would have little practical impact on their current planning policy while campaigners – who posed for photographers with champagne glasses outside the royal courts of justice in central London – relished the judicial reproaches and insisted it would ultimately prevent construction .
The Conservative leader , David Cameron , whose party opposes a third runway , claimed the judgment was a severe embarrassment for the government : " [ Their ] policy is in tatters .
They made the wrong judgment about this , we made the right judgment ...
There is no case for it on environmental grounds , there is no strong business case for it . "
Speaking in Brussels , however , the prime minister , Gordon Brown , insisted a new runway was vital to " help secure jobs and underpin economic growth " , adding that the government had backed an extra runway " only after a detailed assessment showing that the strict environmental limits for expansion could be met " .
The coalition opposed to the new runway includes WWF - UK , Greenpeace and the Campaign to Protect Rural England ( CPRE ) .
In a joint statement , the groups said : " If the government wants to pursue its plans for Heathrow expansion it must now go back to square one and reconsider the entire case for the runway . "
Hayes and Harlington Labour MP John McDonnell , who has led the campaign against the expansion of Heathrow for 30 years , said : " In essence , this judgment means that the game is up for a third runway at Heathrow and I am calling upon the government to accept the inevitable and lift this threat to my community . "
But the transport secretary , Lord Adonis , countered their claims : " I welcome this court ruling .
Heathrow is Britain 's principal hub airport .
It is vital not only to the national economy but also enables millions of citizens to keep in touch with their friends and family and to take a well - deserved holiday .
" The airport is currently operating at full capacity .
A new runway at Heathrow will help secure jobs and underpin economic growth as we come out of recession .
It is also entirely compatible with our carbon - reduction target , as demonstrated in the recent report by the Committee on Climate Change .
A transport department spokesman insisted officials had accepted during the hearings that they would take developments in climate change into account in the preparation of the national policy statement on the new runway , due in 2011 .
" BAA are still free to bring forward a planning application , " he added .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
An international team of astronomers , including Professor Tom Marsh and Dr Danny Steeghs from the University of Warwick , have shown that the two stars in the binary HM Cancri definitely revolve around each other in a mere 5.4 minutes .
This makes HM Cancri the binary star with by far the shortest known orbital period .
It is also the smallest known binary .
The binary system is no larger than 8 times the diameter of the Earth which is the equivalent of no more than a quarter of the distance from the Earth to the Moon .
The binary system consists of two white dwarfs .
These are the burnt - out cinders of stars such as our Sun , and contain a highly condensed form of helium , carbon and oxygen .
The two white dwarfs in HM Cancri are so close together that mass is flowing from one star to the other .
HM Cancri was first noticed as an X - ray source in 1999 showing a 5.4 minutes periodicity but for a long time it has remained unclear whether this period also indicated the actual orbital period of the system .
It was so short that astronomers were reluctant to accept the possibility without solid proof .
The team of astronomers , led by Dr Gijs Roelofs of the Harvard - Smithsonian Center of Astrophysics , and including Professor Tom Marsh and Dr Danny Steeghs at the University of Warwick in the UK , have now used the world 's largest telescope , the Keck telescope on Hawaii , to prove that the 5.4 minute period is indeed the binary period of the system .
This has been done by detecting the velocity variations in the spectral lines in the light of HM Cancri .
These velocity variations are induced by the Doppler effect , caused by the orbital motion of the two stars revolving around each other .
The Doppler effect causes the lines to periodically shift from blue to red and back .
The observations of HM Cancri were an ultimate challenge due to the extremely short period that needed to be resolved and the faintness of the binary system .
At a distance of close to 16,000 light years from Earth , the binary shines at a brightness no more than one millionth of the faintest stars visible to the naked eye .
Professor Tom Marsh from the University of Warwick said ; “ This is an intriguing system in a number of ways : it has an extremely short period ; mass flows from one star and crashes down onto the equator of the other in a region comparable in size to the English Midlands where it liberates more than the Sun 's entire power in X - rays .
It could also be a strong emitter of gravitational waves which may one day be detected from this type of star system . ”
Dr Danny Steeghs of the University of Warwick , said " A few years ago we proposed that HM Cancri was indeed an interacting binary consisting of two white dwarfs and that the 5.4 minute period was the orbital period .
It is very gratifying to see this model confirmed by our observations , especially since earlier attempts had been thwarted by bad weather . "
The article describing the observations of HM Cancri entitled ' Spectroscopic Evidence For a 5.4 Minute Orbital Period in HM Cancri ' will be published in the Astrophysical Journal Letters of March 10 , 2010
" This type of observations is really at the limit of what is currently possible .
Not only does one need the biggest telescopes in the world , but they also have to be equipped with the best instruments available " , explains Professor Paul Groot of the Radboud University Nijmegen in the Netherlands .
" The binary HM Cancri is a real challenge for our understanding of stellar and binary evolution , " adds Dr Gijs Nelemans of the Radboud University .
"
We know the system must have come from two normal stars that somehow spiralled together in two earlier episodes of mass transfer , but the physics of this process is very poorly known .
The system is also a big opportunity for general relativity .
It must be one of the most copious emitters of gravitational waves .
These distortions of space - time we hope to detect directly with the future LISA satellite , and HM Cancri will be a cornerstone system for this mission . "
Explore further Stars Flood Space with Gravitational Waves
A historic building in San Francisco ’s Presidio that was once used as an airplane hangar will soon “ give flight to the flightless ” as an indoor trampoline park .
The House of Air is scheduled to open in August at 925 Mason St. , near the Planet Granite rock climbing gym , and will be open to people of all ages with all levels of physical ability , according to the Presidio Trust .
It will have two trampoline decks with trampoline walls , a children ’s bounce house , special event rooms and a snack and retail area .
In addition to aerial and physical training , the facility will offer dodge ball , fitness classes and open jump time .
The hangar was built in 1926 , and at one time housed de Havilland DH - 49 biplanes as part of the U.S. Army ’s 91st Observation Squadron .
It has since been used as a motor vehicle paint shop and office and storage space for the Army .
Take this clock in Nemo 's exhibition room , for example , pictured after the break :
Today there is a place underneath Second Life seas that is not quite like anything you 've seen : Click this SLurl link to visit Nemo , which as the name suggests , is a steampunk city inspired by that most original of steampunk novelists , Jules Verne himself .
It 's the work of Sextan Shepherd , who tells me he is a reporter in France 's financial and economical press .
In his off hours , however , he has been below the waves of Second Life , working over a course of nearly two months to make his vision of Nemo come alive .
It is one of the most magnificent installations ever made in SL , full of rich details .
It 's not just a textured surface .
Peering closer , you 'll notice the gears inside the clock move , and in elegant fashion .
The city of full of elegantly intricate details like that .
" I am fascinated by this period in time , " Sextan tells me , " end of 19th century and the begining of the 20th century , steam engines , the first electric engines , Art Nouveau , the mix of metal and stained glass and , of course the literature ( Jules Verne ) . "
His inspirations for Nemo are not just Verne , but Verne 's contemporaries , like Nikola Tesla , William Crookes , Thomas Edison , Gustave Eiffel , and Guimard .
" They all lived at the same period , so I have simply made a ' mix ' , a kind of ' best of ' of all this and Nemo was built . "
There 's still work to do in Nemo .
As you 'll notice when you visit ( and you must ) , it 's still without ambient sound , which Monsier Shepherd , who 's also a musician , is creating now .
" [ T ] here will be water sounds , bubble sounds , whale songs , the typical sound of droplet on metal and maybe a sonar bip sound . "
So Nemo is still evolving , but you certainly want to visit as it does .
Once again , here 's the map link .
Much thanks to Thorn Witrial for the tip !
Update , 3/31 : Mssr. Shepherd moved Nemo , so I 've changed the teleport link accordingly .
Thanks to Dylan Rickenbacker for confirming it !
Dr. Rafiq Al - Husseini served as chief of staff to Palestinian Authority head Mahmoud Abbas until last February , when an Israeli television station aired a tape shot by a former Palestinian intelligence agent depicting him soliciting sex for political favors .
This week , a commission of inquiry appointed by Abbas cleared Dr. Al - Husseini of charges of nepotism , blackmail , and corruption .
TML :
Dr. Al - Husseini , are you satisfied with the findings of the commission of inquiry ?
Al - HOUSSEINI :
I ’m almost satisfied because really these are big charges and I was exonerated of them and I was innocent of them .
That was proven so this is important .
But of course , the committee has said that I have made a personal error of judgment and because I am in a high position in the Palestinian Authority , that I should pay some price .
I paid the price of course by being relieved of my duties .
TML :
How do you describe what was shown on the tape ?
What were you doing with that woman ?
Al - HOUSSEINI :
Well , it was not one woman .
There were two women .
We have shown to the committee that the tape has been dubbed and fabricated in many instances to show that there were some sexual scenes going on without any scenes of that going , because the scene that was shown was me in the bedroom taking my clothes off on my own .
Therefore , really , the whole thing was dubbed and fabricated to show me in that position .
The committee was convinced that I did not do anything of that sort .
They did said that it was very wrong for me to be in a flat with two women ; who are by the way over 50 years of age - they are not young girls - and they were not seeking jobs or any favors from me .
TML :
Well , some people would have a problem with you saying that 50 year old women just do n’t excite men anymore .
Al - HOUSSEINI :
No , I ’m not saying that , I ’m saying that they are my age and if I want to seduce or if I want to get sexual favors for jobs and so on , this is not the age group that I would be blackmailing .
TML :
Why do you think you were targeted by the former intelligence officer Fahmi Shabaneh who shot the film ?
Al - HOUSSEINI :
Well , for several reasons .
He had a grudge .
He wanted to become the governor of Jerusalem and of course he was – we have known that he was a collaborator .
We have known that he was not of very good standing and he felt that I ’ve stopped him from becoming the governor of Jerusalem .
Also , I ’ve had a lot of corruption files dealing with many incidences involving ( Palestinian ) intelligence officers .
When it comes to the Israelis , look I have been working very hard for Jerusalem and I have been instrumental in taking consuls and representatives of countries to all the settlement places that Israel was establishing in East Jerusalem .
My work did not really go well with the Israelis , and therefore the two interests met and the result was this film that was taken in secret by a Palestinian ex-officer ( which ) has been aired on Israeli television .
TML :
The tape aired on Israeli television .
How do you think that really came about ?
Al - HOUSSEINI :
Well , it was a trap .
This was a trap for me .
I showed that this Palestinian ex-agent , who lives of course in Jerusalem , under the Israeli jurisdiction , has also been working as a double agent with the Israeli intelligence .
The film was taken in east Jerusalem under the full Israeli knowledge .
TML :
Dr. Al - Husseini , the principal reporting on the Palestinian side has come from Ma’an , an agency based in the Gaza Strip which is controlled by Hamas .
Do you believe Hamas and Israel together conspired against you ?
Al - HOUSSEINI :
No , I do n’t think Hamas has this in mind .
I think Hamas has also to worry because as you know Mosab Yousef who is the son of Sheikh Hassan Yousef , who is an important Hamas leader , has also been put in a position whereby he has shown that he has been blackmailed and used as an Israeli agent himself .
And therefore I do n’t think Hamas would do such a thing .
TML :
It ’s been suggested that you could have had your job as chief of staff back after being cleared by the commission , but you told Mr. Abbas you preferred to resign .
Is this the case ?
Al - HOUSSEINI :
I have told him that I prefer to resign .
I ’m ready to resign ; not now , but for a year - and - a - half or more , because this incident happened a year - and - a - half ago .
It was not yesterday or last month .
It was a year - and - a - half ago .
So I put myself and my resignation with him , because it is important to understand that I am in an important position .
I do n’t want anybody , let alone the president of course , to be tarnished or blackmailed with this story .
It is my wish that I should have resigned and left , therefore I have no grudge and no ill - feeling about this .
TML :
Critics of the Palestinian Authority are quick to charge it with corruption .
How do you respond to such charges ?
Al - HOUSSEINI :
Well as you know , there is no corruption in it .
The committee has said that , the president has said that , and I have said that , all of the time .
I have proven that this film was dubbed and montaged to show that there was corruption .
As I said , there were no women asking me for any favors or jobs or anything to do with president ’s office .
This has nothing to do with any corruption .
Also , there were files of financial corruption that Fahmi Shabaneh has shown and really they were worth nothing , worthless , because they were very old .
Anyway , the president and the Palestinian Authority have moved far on these matters , these files , and is dealing with some of these perpetrators .
So therefore there was nothing new in the report on Israeli channel 10 except about showing me in such a way that can be portrayed as corruption .
But corruption was not there at all and the committee has shown this clearly .
TML :
You come from a well - known family , the Al - Husseini family .
What kind of repercussions has this story had on a personal level ?
Al - HOUSSEINI :
I come from an important family in Jerusalem .
What we were worried about was what the people will be thinking when they see this .
And this was the effect on the people , the psychological effect of Husseini doing this ; being corrupt is something unheard of before .
The family history goes for over a hundred years of fighting , of struggling against Zionism to start with and then against Israel .
But , as I say , I think people have understood there is no corruption and therefore there is no tainting , no tarnishing , of the family name , and that this was a conspiracy against somebody who worked against corruption and worked against Israel .
It was just a trap to create conditions to say that this family has always been corrupt and the leadership of the Palestinian people is corrupt .
TML :
As a recent chief of staff to Palestinian Authority head Mr. Abbas , I would be neglectful if I did n’t ask you about the political climate .
Mr. Abbas has refused to negotiate with Mr. Netanyahu until there ’s an absolute freeze on Israeli building in post - 1967 areas , a condition that did not exist in previous Israeli administrations .
Why did Abbas draw this red line when Netanyahu became prime minister ?
Al - HOUSSEINI :
Well it was n’t drawn when Netanyahu became prime minister .
It was actually said by President Abbas in late 2008 , after the Annapolis discussions ended .
( He said ) if there is nothing happening then he will take a different stance as a president .
I ’ll tell you what the problem is ; because of all of the settlement building activities now , which have of course increased tremendously with the coming of this government , there is not enough space for a two - state solution .
And therefore the two - state solution is being killed by the settlement activity .
The president has to , had to , take a position that he cannot negotiate with the settlement building continuing because by the time we end a new phase of negotiation , the two - state solution will be de facto obsolete and would not be able to be implemented .
Therefore , the president is right to do what he has done .
And of course , all the conspiracies around him , including the story about me , is basically to make him look weak and corrupt and incapable so that he does not deal with the Israelis in the manner he is dealing with them now and the international committee will not take him seriously anymore .
But his position is right , and I hope he will continue taking this position until there is complete freeze on settlement so we can negotiate and a Palestinian state is established on the 1967 borders .
TML :
A recent poll shows only 9 % of Israelis believe US President Obama supports them .
How do the Palestinian people view the American president ?
Al - HOUSSEINI : We know that Mr. Obama is under a lot of pressure of course .
There are big lobbies working against him in the United States , especially AIPAC and others .
We feel that also there is a lot of Jewish support for the two - state solution and Mr. Obama .
We know that Mr. Obama is trying his best to create or establish a Palestinian state in the West Bank and Gaza .
So we know that his intentions are good .
We know that the pressures are big on him , and he ’s being subjected to a campaign by right - wing Israeli supporters , but we feel that we have a glimmer of hope with him being in office because he understands issues very well , and he understands that without a two - state solution , American national interests are affected negatively in the whole of the Middle East , in the Arab world and Islamic world .
TML :
Will the American - brokered indirect negotiations get off the ground ?
Al - HOUSSEINI :
We also do n’t know as yet because every time we want to restart negotiations even on the level of indirect negotiations , the Israelis do something that is really pretty bad .
What happened during the visit of ( US Vice President Joe ) Biden with the announcing 1,600 units to be built in Jerusalem , and other announcements that are happening almost every day , means that even indirect negotiations are in jeopardy and may not happen .
TML :
Can you differentiate between natural outgrowth in a community that might be 50,000 strong and what you might view as a settlement of a couple of hundred homes ?
Al - HOUSSEINI :
All of this is subject to negotiation of course .
This is the idea .
The settlement issue was put as a final status .
It should be negotiated .
But I tell you something , the problem with the little settlements here and there or the big ones , is that these are settlements made originally by dogmatic people , so it ’s a dogma .
These are believers in the Old Testament , literally .
They believe this land belongs to them and does not belong to anybody else , let alone the Palestinians , and therefore removing 200 settlers from a small settlement which they think they own historically and which was a biblical site 3,000 years back is going to be very , very difficult .
Therefore , the settlement issue is a package that has to be well - thought of and well - negotiated .
But without thinking of removing almost all the settlements in the West Bank , there can not be a viable Palestinian state .
TML :
Diplomats are trying to portray the indirect talks as a breakthrough achievement , but others say after 10 years of direct talks , it ’s a step backward .
What ’s your opinion ?
Al - HOUSSEINI :
Of course , it ’s a step backwards .
It ’s a way to re-establish direct negotiations .
But because there ’s no trust at all now and because the Palestinian position is that if we do n’t stop settlement building , we are not going to have a state .
Because of that position , there are indirect talks .
But in the end , it ’s the direct talks that will count .
So , yes , indirect talks are a step backwards from the direct talks we used to have with the Israelis .
TML :
Prime Minister Fayyad ’s two - year plan to perfect infrastructure in institutions , and then declare statehood appears to be building international support .
Will the Palestinians be ready ?
Are you on schedule ?
Al - HOUSSEINI :
Well I think we are ready .
We have established our institutions for a long time now .
We have the educated people to run these institutions , we have the manpower .
We have the will and the wish to establish our own state and therefore we are ready .
I think that the two - year plan should be seen as a way forward to re-establish and re-strengthen Palestinian institutions to be ready for statehood .
But I assure you , we have been ready for some time now .
TML :
Dr. Rafiq Al - Husseini , as former chief of staff to Palestinian Authority head Mahmoud Abbas , what are you predictions - when are talks going to resume ?
Al - HOUSSEINI :
I ’m not sure that talks are going to resume soon .
There is a big worry about that and my predictions are that we cannot move forward with this right - wing Israeli government which is held to ransom by the settler movement .
( This is ) because the main issue today , as we have put it and the world understands it , is settlement building .
Therefore , with the pro-settlement lobby that is sitting in its majority in this ( Israeli ) government , I do n’t predict that peace will prevail and talks will continue .
TML :
So what do you predict ?
Al - HOUSSEINI :
I predict that we are going to go to an impasse and that the Americans and the Europeans and the others in world , the international community and the UN should take up their responsibility and push forward for a peace deal against the wishes of the pro-settlement Israeli government .
TML :
On a professional level , what is Dr. Rafiq Al - Husseini going to be doing ?
Al - HOUSSEINI :
Well , I have worked with the president ’s office for five years , but I ’ve been working for Palestine for almost 35 years .
I have been working in many institutions whether public or private in Palestine and outside of Palestine for the cause , and therefore I will definitely still be there , fighting for my city of birth , Jerusalem , and fighting against corruption in the Palestinian domain .
TML :
Can you say what organization you might be joining or where you ’ll be ?
Al - HOUSSEINI :
Well I have n’t really given that a lot of thought but it will be soon and I will definitely be working as I say for Jerusalem and against corruption .
I will definitely choose a portfolio or an outfit that will fit these exact wishes of mine .
TML :
Dr. Rafiq Al - Husseini , thank you so much .
Al - HOUSSEINI :
Thank you very much .
Reprinted with permission from The Media Line
Solidarity # 6 - Free newssheet from AWSM
The sixth issue of Solidarity , free newssheet of the Aotearoa Workers Solidarity Movement .
Download the .pdf at http://www.awsm.org.nz/solidarity/issue6.pdf ( 1.44 MB ) , or visit our website to read the contents online - http://awsm.org.nz/?p=243.
Contents :
* Politicians Pay Poverty Wages
* Taranakis council and DHB bosses earn over $ 300,000
* Report from Wellington ACC Protest
* Upcoming public discussion evenings
* Crossword Puzzle
Solidarity # 6 - March 2010
Solidarity # 6 - March 2010
If you want to make sure you dont miss an issue of Solidarity , you can subscribe to either the print or electronic version .
To subscribe to the AWSM announcements list , put your email address in the form on the top right of each page on our website , http://www.awsm.org.nz.
Subscribers will be sent .pdf copies of Solidarity each month , along with other publications produced by AWSM and ocasional information - we promise we wont spam you with a ton of useless stuff though !
The electronic copy is identical to the print version .
Or , you can subscribe to the print edition to receive a copy of Solidarity in the post .
$ 8 for 12 issues .
Mail a cheque to AWSM , PO Box 6387 , Wellington 6141 , or contact us to organise an alternative method of payment .
Abed Omar Qusini / Reuters
Palestinians in the West Bank town of Hawara awoke on Wednesday to find a blue star of David painted on the outside of their mosque , after what a local resident described as an attack by Israeli settlers who live nearby .
According to the Israeli newspaper Haaretz , the vandals also uprooted more than 300 olive trees , set two cars on fire and painted the name of the prophet Muhammad , in Hebrew letters , on a wall of the mosque .
Ynet News , another Israeli newspaper site , reported :
Hawara resident Ziad Dib told
Ynet that he saw a number of settlers flee the village in a Subaru at around 3 a.m .
According to him , the settlers torched his car .
Haaretz noted that Israeli officials said the vandalism may be part of a wider campaign by settlers :
A military official told Army Radio that the army suspected settler violence against Palestinians , part of some settlers ’ policy of imposing a ‘ price tag ’ on a government order to freeze Israeli construction in the West Bank .
As part of the strategy , settlers from nearby Yitzhar have launched numerous attacks on Palestinians , including an arson attack on a mosque in December 2009 .
B’Tselem
That arson attack on a West Bank mosque in December also featured graffiti written in Hebrew — including the threat , “ We will burn all of you . ”
The earlier attack was condemned by Israeli officials , and Israel ’s the chief Ashkenazi rabbi , Yona Metzger , compared it to Kristallnacht , the November 1938 attacks on Jewish synagogues and businesses in Nazi Germany .
The New York Times
Kamal Odeh , a Hawara resident who represents of the ruling Fatah party , told Reuters that the attack was the second on the village this week .
He said that settlers has set another car on fire and shot at a shop on Monday .
“ The situation is very tense , ” he said .
“ There is real anger . ”
Itamar Ben-Gvir , a settler who is a leader of a movement that encourages young Israelis to expand settlements by seizing hilltops in the occupied West Bank , told Haaretz that Hawara was “ a hostile village that has been the source of a large number of violent attacks against the residents of Yitzhar . ”
The newspaper reported that in recent weeks , “ Two settlers were wounded when stones were thrown at them , one suffering permanent neurological damage . ”
WCN plans Candidates ’ Forum ; deadline Oct. 7
The Wilson County News invites candidates facing opposition on the ballots in the Nov. 3 general election and local elections ...
WCN plans Floresville candidates ’ forum
In response to requests from readers and community members , the Wilson County News has invited all candidates seeking Floresville City ...
List of Candidates
Register to vote by Monday , Oct. 5 ; visit www.votetexas.gov for registration information Request a mail - in ballot by Friday , Oct. 23 ...
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News
Data came from the global network of Argo floats in the oceans
The Gulf Stream does not appear to be slowing down , say US scientists who have used satellites to monitor tell - tale changes in the height of the sea .
Confirming work by other scientists using different methodologies , they found dramatic short - term variability but no longer - term trend .
A slow - down - dramatised in the movie The Day After Tomorrow - is projected by some models of climate change .
The research is published in the journal Geophysical Research Letters .
The stream is a key process in the climate of western Europe , bringing heat northwards from the tropics and keeping countries such as the UK 4 - 6C warmer than they would otherwise be .
It forms part of a larger movement of water , the Atlantic Meridional Overturning Circulation , which is itself one component of the global thermohaline system of currents .
Between 2002 and 2009 , the team says , there was no trend discernible - just a lot of variability on short timescales .
The Atlantic overturning circulation is still an important player in today 's climate
Josh Willis , Nasa
The satellite record going back to 1993 did suggest a small increase in flow , although the researchers cannot be sure it is significant .
" The changes we 're seeing in overturning strength are probably part of a natural cycle , " said Josh Willis from Nasa 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) in California .
" The slight increase in overturning since 1993 coincides with a decades - long natural pattern of Atlantic heating and cooling . "
Short measures
The first observations suggesting the circulation was slowing down emerged in 2005 , in research from the UK's National Oceanography Centre ( NOC ) .
Using an array of detectors across the Atlantic and comparing its readings against historical records , scientists suggested the volume of cold water returning southwards could have fallen by as much as 30 % in half a century - a significant decline .
The surface water sinks in the Arctic and flows back southwards at the bottom of the ocean , driving the circulation .
However , later observations by the same team showed that the strength of the flow varied hugely on short timescales - from one season to the next , or even shorter .
But they have not found any clear trend since 2004 .
The global thermohaline circulation takes warm and cold water across the oceans
Rapid relief
The NOC team now has a chain of instruments in place across the Atlantic , making measurements continuously .
" In four - and - a - half years of measurement , we have found there is a lot of variability , and we 're working to explain it , " said NOC 's Harry Bryden .
The quantities of water involved are huge , varying between four million and 35 million tonnes of water per second .
The array is part of the UK - funded Rapid project , which aims to refine understanding of potentially large climate change impacts that could happen in short periods .
Professor Bryden 's team calculates that their system is good enough to detect a long - term change in flow of about 20 % - but it has not happened yet .
He believes the JPL approach - using satellite altimeters , instruments that can measure sea height precisely , and the Argo array of autonomous floating probes - could potentially add useful data to that coming from long - term on - site monitoring arrays .
But , he points out : " The method concentrates only on the upper [ northward ] flow - it does n't give you much information on the returning flow southward . "
Fantasy and reality Driven by Hollywood , a popular image of a Gulf Stream slowdown shows a sudden catastrophic event driving snowstorms across the temperate lands of western Europe and eastern North America .
That has always been fantasy - as , said Josh Willis , is the idea that a slow - down would trigger another ice age .
" But the Atlantic overturning circulation is still an important player in today 's climate , " he added .
" Some have suggested cyclic changes in the overturning may be warming and cooling the whole North Atlantic over the course of several decades and affecting rainfall patterns across the US and Africa , and even the number of hurricanes in the Atlantic . "
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Editor 's Note :
This story has been updated to reflect Gallup 's re-estimate of its Gallup - Healthways Well - Being Index and Life Evaluation Index data from January 2008 to April 2009 .
Learn more about what Gallup discovered .
WASHINGTON , D.C. --
Hawaii's residents had the highest wellbeing in the nation in 2009 , pulling ahead of 2008 leader Utah , and coming in with a new high state Well - Being Index score of 70.6 .
Utah and Montana are also among the top wellbeing states in the country , sharing the same score of 68.6 .
Kentucky ( 60.8 ) and West Virginia ( 62.8 ) have the two lowest wellbeing scores , as they did in 2008 .
Gallup - Healthways Well - Being Index 2009 state - level data encompass more than 350,000 interviews conducted among national adults aged 18 older across all 50 states .
Gallup and Healthways started tracking state - level wellbeing in 2008 .
The Well - Being Index score for the nation and for each state is an average of six sub-indexes , which individually examine life evaluation , emotional health , work environment , physical health , healthy behaviors , and access to basic necessities .
The Well - Being Index is calculated on a scale of 0 to 100 , where a score of 100 would represent ideal wellbeing .
Well - Being Index scores among states vary by a narrow range of 9.8 points .
The 2009 Well - Being Index score for the country is 66.3 , unchanged from 2008 .
Nine of the top 10 wellbeing states -- Hawaii , Minnesota , Iowa , North Dakota , Montana , Colorado , Utah , Idaho , and Alaska -- are in the Midwest and the West .
Seven of the 10 lowest wellbeing states are in the South .
The general geography of wellbeing in 2009 remained similar to 2008 .
In addition to having the highest overall Well - Being Index score , Hawaii was best in the nation on two of the six wellbeing sub-indexes , Emotional Health and Physical Health .
At the opposite end of the spectrum is West Virginia , which performed the worst on three sub-indexes .
Utah does the best on the Work Environment Index , with a score more than 10 points higher than that of the worst state on this measure , Delaware .
As in 2008 , Mississippi is at the bottom on the Basic Access Index , and Kentucky scores the worst on the Healthy Behavior Index .
Each state 's sub -index score reflects the average of the positive percentages found for each of items detailed in the chart above .
For example , Mississippi's Basic Access Index score of 77.3 means that , on average , more than three - quarters of its residents do have access across each of the basic necessities asked about in the sub-index , but that still leaves a large number who are in need , representing millions of people .
Change in Wellbeing From 2008 to 2009
Generally speaking , wellbeing has been fairly stable over time ; most states exhibited little change from 2008 to 2009 .
Only two states -- Mississippi and Hawaii -- saw an increase of two or more points in their Well - Being Index scores from 2008 to 2009 .
New Mexico saw the largest decrease at 2.2 points .
Overall , 23 states moved in a negative direction , 23 in a positive direction , and 4 remained unchanged .
Some of the six sub-indexes scores are more likely to move because of several factors including the number of questions included in the sub-index and the content of the questions .
For example , the Life Evaluation Index , which is calculated using two questions asking respondents to rate their lives now and in the future , score changes a good deal throughout the course of the year .
Across states , 2008 to 2009 change in Life Evaluation Index scores ranged from 8.0 in Maine to - 0.8 in Montana and New Mexico .
After Maine , two of the biggest gains in Life Evaluation scores from 2008 to 2009 were in Vermont and Kentucky , 7.3 and 6.8 points , respectively .
Basic Access
Index scores , on the other hand , are less likely to change over time .
This sub -index is made up of 13 individual questions , many of which are items that require community , business , or governmental intervention to change such as if the city where the respondent lives in is getting better or worse as a place to live and if it is easy to get affordable fruits and vegetables where the respondent lives .
The year - over - year range of change on this measure is from 0.8 points to - 2.1 points and most of the change is not statistically significant , meaning that access to the basic necessities a person needs to have high wellbeing is essentially stagnant across the United States .
However , cities and communities potentially have the opportunity to move the needle on the Basic Access metric by taking significant steps to improve the health and wellbeing of their residents .
While certain metrics are in the control of the individual and others fall upon businesses and the government to change , what is clear is that a much bigger society - wide effort is needed for more Americans to move their Well - Being Index score closer to the optimal level of 100 points .
Gallup 's " State of the States " series reveals state - by - state differences on political , economic , and wellbeing measures Gallup tracks each day .
New stories will be released throughout the month of February .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with more than 353,849 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted Jan.
1 - Dec. 31 , 2009 , as part of the Gallup - Healthways Well - Being Index .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±0.2 percentage points .
The margin of sampling error for most states is ± 1 to ±2 percentage points , but is as high as ±4 points for smaller states such as Wyoming , North Dakota , South Dakota , Delaware , and Hawaii .
The Gallup - Healthways Wellbeing categorizes the District of Columbia as a congressional district .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on landline telephones ( for respondents with a landline telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
About the Gallup - Healthways Well - Being Index ™
The Gallup - Healthways Well - Being Index measures the daily pulse of U.S. wellbeing and provides best - in - class solutions for a healthier world .
To learn more , please visit well - beingindex.com .
Talk about your Jesus Christ poses .
On Jan. 1 , a new law in Ireland made blasphemy an offense punishable by a fine of up to $ 35,000 .
That ludicrous political maneuver was promptly answered by Irish advocacy group Atheist Ireland , which published a list of 25 blasphemous quotes from Frank Zappa , George Carlin and other godless jerks .
We decided to toss in 10 more quotations and lyrics from South Park , Arthur C. Clarke and others – including that dick Gandhi – to stand up for free speech ( on the Emerald Isle and elsewhere ) .
But we need your help to rub the blasphemy in even deeper .
Scan our list of barbs that might make Bible - thumpers break the First Commandment , then drop your own in the comments section below .
Jehovah , Jehovah !
XTC , lyrics to " Dear God " : Dear God , do n't know if you noticed / But your name is on a lot of quotes in this book /
And us crazy humans wrote it , you should take a look /
And all the people that you made in your image still believe that junk is true /
Well I know it ain't , and so do you .
Sci -fi writer Arthur C. Clarke , in a Free Inquiry magazine interview : " It is amazing how childishly gullible humans are .
There are , for example , so many different religions – each of them claiming to have the truth , each saying that their truths are clearly superior to the truths of others – how can someone possibly take any of them seriously ?
I mean , that 's insane . "
Indian leader Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi , commenting on religion : " I like your Christ , I do not like your Christians . "
The Mole , in a scene from South Park : Bigger , Longer & Uncut : " Why ?
Because God hates me , that 's why .
He has made my life miserable .
So I call him a cock - sucking asshole , and I get grounded ....
Where is your God when you need him , huh ?
Where is your beautiful , merciful faggot now ?
Here I come , God .
Here I come , you fucking rat . "
Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry , in a Free Inquiry magazine interview : " We must question the story logic of having an all - knowing , all - powerful God , who creates faulty humans , and then blames them for his own mistakes . "
Death - metal band Vader , lyrics to " Helleluyah ! ( God Is Dead ) " : Smell of burnt bodies / Slaughtered virgin lies dead without the face / Men staring at the skies / Singing lines and eating sand of waste / God is dead !
Dead !
Helleluyah !
Maria the cleaning woman , in a scene from Monty Python 's The Meaning of Life :
So now I 'm cleaning up in here but I can't be really sad / ' Cause you see I feel that life 's a game / You sometimes win or lose /
And though I may be down right now at least I do n't work for Jews .
Comedian Bill Hicks : " I 'm sorry if anyone here is Catholic .
I 'm not sorry if you are offended , I 'm actually sorry .
Just the fact that you 're Catholic .
Gotta be one of the most ludicrous fucking beliefs ever .
Like these vampire priests sink their twin fangs of guilt and sin into you as a child and suck your joy of life out of you the rest of your fucking existence . "
Rationalist Arab philosopher , poet and writer Al - Ma'arri : " Do not suppose the statements of the prophets to be true ; they are all fabrications .
Men lived comfortably till they came and spoiled life .
The sacred books are only such a set of idle tales as any age could have and indeed did actually produce . "
Punk rocker Jello Biafra and NoMeansNo , lyrics to " Jesus Was a Terrorist " : Jesus was a terrorist , enemy of the state / That 's what the Romans labeled him so he was put to death /
He died for his beliefs ; what 's changed today / Today Bible - thumping cannibals reap money from his name / Buy cable networks and power with old ladies ' checks
See Also :
— When Wake County decided to do away with race - based busing as a means to desegregate schools more than a decade ago , local officials came up with a new way to maintain balance – assign students by their socio-economic background .
The longstanding busing policy , however , has never sat well with many parents who have argued that the student assignment plan sends their children too far from home .
Now , those parents appear to be getting their wish .
After a heated and sometimes intense debate , the school board on Tuesday voted 5 - 4 in favor of a resolution to begin moving away from the diversity policy toward a new model that would give parents choices while keeping their children close to home .
What 's being considered is a plan calling for " community assignment areas , " meaning each home would be given a number of education options .
Ideally , board member John Tedesco has said , that would include a mixture of magnet schools , as well as those on year - round and traditional calendars .
" The community zone - based model gives us an opportunity to get that win-win by creating broader geographic zones – 5 - , 6 - , 7 - mile areas , " Tedesco said Wednesday .
But critics of the plan and the new school board majority – four new members campaigned last fall on the platform of ending the diversity policy – argue the plan will lead to re-segregation .
The public has voiced strong opposition over the past several months .
School board meetings have drawn large crowds with the public expressing outrage over the matter .
Nearly 100 people lined up to speak at Tuesday 's meeting .
One audience member urged the board not to dump the diversity plan and decried " white racists . "
" If you want to go to hell , do n't expect to take our children with you , " he said to the board as authorities approached to calm him down .
The state chapter of the NAACP has threatened to sue , likening the plan to school policies in Wayne and Mecklenburg counties , where it claims segregation does exist .
Board Chairman Ron Margiotta has vowed that the change is in the interest of students and bristles at any suggestion that the move had something to do with race .
" It 's something that offends me , " Margiotta said .
" Nobody 's going to go back to Jim Crow days . "
Wake 's diversity policy became a popular model in 2007 , when the U.S. Supreme Court limited the use of race in how districts assign students .
The current policy to send students to schools to achieve socioeconomic diversity , which also improved racial diversity by frequently sending lower - income black children from the city 's center to predominantly white schools in the suburbs .
Some schools also created magnet programs to attract students from other neighborhoods with advanced courses in foreign languages , science and other subjects .
Margiotta said the busing program has not helped minority students and has distracted from focusing on stronger education policy .
" What we 're doing is n't working , " he said .
Even among board members though , there 's contention and apparent aggravation .
At Tuesday 's meeting , members with opposing views traded strong words and comments left looks of bewilderment on some members ' faces .
" I do n't know that I was frustrated .
I think we were able to accomplish what we set out to do , " Margiotta said .
" I feel a little disappointed in some people in the way they 're trying to block what 's going on , instead of join us to improve what 's going on . "
Some observers call the meetings dysfunctional .
" The bickering at the table is discouraging for the public .
It 's very discouraging and seems unprofessional , " said Yevonne Brannon , chairwoman of Great Schools in Wake Coalition , a community group that opposes the board majority 's move .
Brannon believes the board is moving too fast .
Those who side with the majority , however , say it 's not fast enough .
Kristen Stocking , founder of Wake Schools Community Alliance , likens the school system to a sick patient .
Having worked for large businesses , she says change must be quick for there to be success .
" I know drastic change has to be done quickly .
You 've got to pull the Band - Aid off quickly in order to let the wound heal , " Stocking said .
" I think it 's going to be painful .
It 's going to be messy , but in the long run , I 'm supremely confident the results will be beneficial to all of the kids in the system . "
Still unanswered are many questions .
Among them :
What will the school board do to prevent opponents ' fears from coming true ?
Tedesco says the resolution , which must go up for a second vote on March 23 to be official – is a direction and that more discussion will follow .
It will take about 9 to 15 months for a plan to be in place .
" Wake County is probably one of the most diverse counties in this state , " Tedesco said .
" This is 2010 in the Research Triangle .
We are very integrated .
We are very diverse . "
Chuck Dulaney , who retired March 1 after four years as the school system 's assistant superintendent for growth and planning , however , has concern about separation in the southern and eastern parts of Raleigh .
" If you draw a zone that includes that cluster of schools , how could you ever have much diversity – other than African - American and Hispanic students coming primarily from low - income families ? "
" I do n't think diversity makes success happen , but I think it enables success to happen , " he added .
FROM OUR AFRICA CORRESPONDENT
FOR those who stubbornly persisted in believing that one day peace would be possible among South Africans — black , brown and white — the release of Mr Nelson Mandela from prison had long seemed the essential first step .
His liberation would show that the country 's white government was open to reform .
It would fulfil anti-apartheid campaigners ' favourite slogan .
And it would give blacks a leader whose near - mythical reputation had hoisted him above the rivalries and dogmas that afflict so many of his followers .
Only Mr Mandela could lead the blacks into talks with the government .
On February 11th the myth stepped outside his prison gate and walked a few steps before ducking into a car to escape the shouts of the world 's press .
In their different ways South Africans of all colours and convictions are still trying to catch their breath .
The first result of Mr Mandela 's freedom has been uncontrollable crowds .
On the day he left prison masses of people squeezed hip - to - hip into Cape Town 's biggest square .
Mr Mandela turned up three hours later than the crowds had expected .
While they waited , a series of temporarily inanimate bodies was hauled out of the jam , while on the outskirts of the rally wild young blacks looted shops and bombarded policemen with bottles , and got shotgun pellets in return .
The crowds were just as big in Soweto the next day .
At least 100 people have been injured in the excitement and the fringe violence , and some of them have died .
South Africans will not forget the day Mr Mandela was released .
The impact on politics will take longer to show , but the first signs of what it might be are starting to take shape .
To begin with , black politics should now become more flexible .
Although the state of emergency remains in force , and soldiers continue to patrol some townships , many blacks are now ready to be told that their tactics — in particular , the boycotting of white - created political institutions — need modification .
Their leaders therefore have a freer hand than ever before .
Mr Mandela and the African National Congress ( ANC ) may soon be in a position to suspend the “ armed struggle ” and start talking to the government with little fear of being called soft .
Their rivals in the Pan - Africanist Congress , who sniff at President F.W. de Klerk 's concessions , can probably be ignored .
For the moment Mr Mandela is making sure of his base .
He has talked much of his loyalty to the ANC , lest anyone think him ready to negotiate with the government over his comrades ' heads .
At his first rally he won the loudest cheers with his praise for the armed struggle and for the Communist party 's contribution to the black cause .
The next day he told journalists that he still believed in nationalisation .
As a precondition for any concessions on his part , Mr Mandela is insisting on the lifting of the state of emergency and an amnesty for politically motivated crimes .
This is stern stuff , which will infuriate South Africa 's white right - wingers and make white liberals gulp a bit .
Some people think that Mr de Klerk , noting this and hoping for some fading of foreign pressure on his government , may refuse to make more concessions unless the ANC promises something in return .
In fact , the president shows no sign of faltering on his chosen course .
His ministers have made the most of Mr Mandela 's more generous remarks — that he regards
Mr de Klerk as a man of integrity , that he looks forward to the time when it is possible to halt the armed struggle , and that the ANC does not want to frighten whites .
The tougher talk , the ministers explain , is Mr Mandela 's party - line duty , inevitable at the moment .
You can talk about anything
In short , new black flexibility could generate more white flexibility .
It is being suggested by people around the government that nothing in today 's South Africa — the voting system , residential segregation , the future of the “ independent ” homelands — is beyond negotiation , so long as the whites are given some guarantees against being swamped .
The reformers in the ruling National party favour a comprehensive anti-apartheid bill that would abolish all discriminatory laws at once .
The government 's chief negotiator , Mr Gerrit Viljoen , says that in ten years ' time his party will have a minority role in government , if that .
Mr de Klerk insists there will be room at the negotiating table for a wide variety of parties .
But the prospect of talks involving the ANC makes some other politicians feel uncomfortable .
Mr Allan Hendrickse , the leader of the mixed - race chamber of parliament , did as much as anyone to discomfit the government two years ago ; now nobody mentions him .
The mainly white Democratic party also feels forgotten ; some of its leaders are rumoured to be on the point of joining the ANC .
The rulers of the ten black “ homelands ” are the most uncomfortable of all .
In BophuthaTswana and Ciskei they have seen sizeable numbers of their people demonstrating in favour of reincorporation into South Africa .
Transkei's leader has sensibly called a referendum to allow his people a chance to vote themselves back into South Africa .
Chief Mangosuthu Buthelezi , whose Zulu power base makes him stronger than any other homeland leader , seems equally nervous .
As the world watches Mr Mandela , Mr Buthelezi insists that he too has opposed apartheid , and deserves some credit for it .
Over the past three years the bloody feud in the province of Natal between Mr Buthelezi 's followers and blacks who regard him as too restrained has killed , on average , ten people a week .
Mr Mandela 's release produced a fresh wave of killings , as Mr Buthelezi's Inkatha party walked out of peace talks with its opponents .
After the euphoria of his release , Mr Mandela needs to demonstrate his capacity for statesmanship .
His first opportunity comes in Natal .
Intro
Presentations from ELC 2010 ( CELF conference archive ) .
Videos from the conference are available at https://bootlin.com/blog/elc-2010-videos/
Instructions
Presenters :
Please post your technical conference presentations on this page .
( See Instructions below the tables )
Table of Presentations
Keynotes Presenter(s ) Session Description Presentation Greg Kroah - Hartman Android : A Case Study of an Embedded Linux Project PDF | ODP | TGZ ( with notes and license ) Matt Asay Embedded in 2010 : An End to the Entropy ?
PDF
Presentations Presenter(s ) Session Description Presentation Mike Anderson Using a JTAG to Debug Linux Device Drivers PDF Mike Anderson Using Interrupt Threads to Prioritize Interrupts PDF Mike Anderson Creating a Secure Router Using SELinux PDF Mike Anderson Strategies for Migrating Uniprocessor Code to Multi-Core SMP PDF Steve Bennett Effective Use of Scripting in Embedded Devices Slides | Paper Tim Bird State of Embedded Linux PDF | ODP Magnus Damm Kexec - Ready for Embedded Linux ?
PDF Kevin Dankwardt Effective Use of RT - Preempt ODP Lucas Martins De Marchi Multi-core Scheduling Optimizations for Soft Real - time Multi- threaded Applications -- A Cooperation Aware Approach PDF | ODP Mathieu Desnoyers Using the LTTng Tracer for System - wide Performance Analysis and Debugging ( Hands - On Tutorial ) PDF | examples Jake Edge Understanding Threat Models for Embedded Devices PDF | ODP Mark Gross Experiences in Android Porting , Lessons Learned , Tips and Tricks PDF Kevin Hilman Runtime Power Management : Overview and Platform Implementation PDF YungJoon Jung and DongHyouk Lim Measuring Responsiveness of Linux Kernel on Embedded System PDF Hiromasa Kanda Lock - free Algorithm for Multi-Core Architecture PDF Jeremy Katz An Introduction to the Qt Development Framework PDF Yoshitake Kobayashi Evaluation of Data Reliability on Linux File Systems PDF Yong Bon Koo and Youngbin Seo DVFS for Embedded Linux PDF Rob Landley Developing for Non-x86 Targets Using QEMU PDF Melanie Rhianna Lewis Case Study - Embedded linux in a Digital Television STB PDF Grant Likely Flattened Device Tree ARM Support Update PDF Dan Malek Embedded Multi-core with Adeos German Monroy Wake - ups Effect on Idle Power for Intel 's Moorestown MID and Smartphone Platform PDF Jeff Osier - Mixon Effectively Managing Documentation for Embedded Linux Projects PDF Jacob Pan Porting the Linux Kernel to x86 MID Platforms PDF Steven Rostedt Ftrace - Embedded Edition ODP Frank Rowand Real - Time Linux Failure PDF Leandro Melo de Sales Understanding and Developing Applications for Maemo Platform PDF Gene Sally GPIO : Talking to the Outside World ODP David Schleef Recent Developments in Open Video Technology PDF Frank Scholz Mirabeau - Creating Personal Media Networks and Bridging DLNA / UPnP Devices Over The Internet ODP , PDF Masahiko Takahashi A Consideration of Memory Saving by Efficient Mapping of Shared Libraries PDF Rob Taylor Semantic Data Storage for Mobile Devices PDF Sujith Thomas Workload - based Aggressive Power Management on the Intel Moorestown MID and Future Intel MID / Smartphone Platforms PDF Matthew Tippett Engaging Developer Communities : Lessons and Opportunity from webOS PDF Dominique Toupin Linux Toolchain Overview with Advanced Debugging and Tracing Features PDF Bill Traynor eLinux.org wiki Present & Future PDF Greg Ungerer Linux Without a Boot Loader ?
PDF | ODP | source Hans Verkuil Supporting SoC video subsystems in video4linux ODP Denys Vlasenko Link Time Dead Code and Data Elimination Using GNU Toolchain ODP | PDF Alexey Volkov Implementing Asynchronous Zero-Copy API for Embedded IVR Application Slides , Paper David VomLehn No Crash Dump ?
No Problem !
PDF John Williams and Edgar Iglesias Custom Hardware Modeling for FPGAs and Embedded Linux Platforms with QEMU PDF Vitaly Wool Polishing Dirt : Porting RTOS Code to Linux Userspace Driver Framework PDF | ODP Benjamin Zores GeeXboX Enna : embedded Media Center PDF
Birds - of - a- Feather Sessions Presenter(s ) Session Description Presentation Grant Likely Small Business Owners BOF
No slides Bill Traynor eLinux.org wiki Present & Future PDF David Mandala Ubuntu on ARM Kevin Hillman Power Management BOF
Instructions for Presenters
Please create a link in the table for your presentation , copying the style of other links .
( You may need to create an account in order to edit the wiki or upload files . )
When you have created the link , click on it to upload the file containing your slides .
Clean Slate :
Thou shalt not abide by outdated commandments .
Illustration by Edward Sorel .
What do we say when we want to revisit a long - standing policy or scheme that no longer seems to be serving us or has ceased to produce useful results ?
We begin by saying tentatively , “ Well , it ’s not exactly written in stone . ”
( Sometimes this comes out as “ not set in stone . ” )
By that , people mean that it ’s not one of the immutable Tablets of the Law .
Thus , more recent fetishes such as the gold standard , or the supposedly holy laws of the free market , can be discarded as not being incised on granite or marble .
But what if it is the original stone version that badly needs a re-write ?
Who will take up the revisionist chisel ?
There is in fact a good biblical precedent for doing just that , since the giving of the divine Law by Moses appears in three or four wildly different scriptural versions .
( When you hear people demanding that the Ten Commandments be displayed in courtrooms and schoolrooms , always be sure to ask which set .
It works every time . )
The first and most famous set comes in Exodus 20 but ends with Moses himself smashing the supposedly most sacred artifacts ever known to man : the original , God-dictated panels of Holy Writ .
The second edition occurs in Exodus 34 , where new but completely different tablets are presented after some heavenly re-write session and are for the first time called “ the ten commandments . ”
In the fifth chapter of Deuteronomy , Moses once more calls his audience together and recites the original Sinai speech with one highly significant alteration ( the Sabbath commandment ’s justifications in each differ greatly ) .
But plainly discontented with the effect of this , he musters the flock again 22 chapters further on , as the river Jordan is coming into view , and gives an additional set of orders — chiefly terse curses — which are also to be inscribed in stone .
As with the gold plates on which Joseph Smith found the Book of Mormon in upstate New York , no trace of any of these original yet conflicting tablets survives .
Thus we are fully entitled to consider them as a work in progress .
May there not be some old commandments that could be retired , as well as some new ones that might be adopted ?
Taking the most celebrated Top 10 in order , we find ( I am using the King James , or “ Authorized , ” version of the text ) :
I. and II .
These commandments are in fact a mixture of related injunctions .
I am the lord thy God . …
Thou shalt have no other gods before me .
This use of capitalization and upper - and lowercase carries the intriguing implication that there perhaps are some other gods but not equally deserving of respect or awe .
( Scholars differ about the epoch during which the Jewish people decided on monotheism . )
Then comes the prohibition of “ graven images ” or indeed “ any likeness of anything that is in heaven above , or that is in the earth beneath , or that is in the water under the earth . ”
This appears to forbid representational art , just as some Muslims interpret the Koran to forbid the depiction of any human form , let alone any sacred one .
( It certainly seems to discourage Christian iconography , with its crucifixes , and statues of virgins and saints . )
But the ban is obviously intended as a very emphatic one , since it comes with a reminder that I the lord thy God am a jealous God , visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation .
The collective punishment of future children , for the sin of lèse - majesté , may not strike everyone as an especially moral promise .
One important aspect is which Cairo version you have installed .
The newer Cairo is , the more capabilities it has in preserving transparency and filters in the PDF .
In some situations Cairo is forced to rasterize in order to represent the graphic in the PDF .
You have cairo 1.8.8 , which is good .
And you can see that it doesnt preserve transparent vectors in the EPS , while it does in PDF .
It cant properly represent your semi- translucent bar stroking so it rasterizes these parts of the graphic in the EPS file .
See : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transpa..._in_PostScript
A federal appeals court all but told the FCC Tuesday that it has no power to regulate the internet , putting large chunks of the much - lauded national broadband plan at risk .
And the FCC has only itself to blame .
Telecoms and many internet activists have long argued that the internet is a developing technology that was innovating so quickly that strict regulations would hamper it .
In 2005 , that argument drove the FCC under the Bush Administration to win a fight in the Supreme Court for the right to deregulate broadband providers , classifying them as an " information service , " largely outside the FCC 's power , rather than a " telecommunications service " that could be regulated like the phone system .
Following that win , the FCC simply issued a set of four principles of net freedom that it said it expected broadband companies to follow .
They promised that broadband users could plug in whatever devices they wanted to their connection and then use whatever software or online application that they liked – without interference from their provider .
Those principles never went through a rule - making period , and when the FCC went after Comcast for blocking peer - to - peer file sharing services , the company sued the commission in court .
And , on Tuesday , won .
Now broadband companies effectively have no regulations that constrain them , as the FCC has left itself with no statutory means to control what telecoms do with their internet networks .
A broadband company could , for instance , ink a deal with Microsoft to transfer all attempts to reach Google.com to Bing.com .
The only recourse a user would have , under the ruling , would be to switch to a different provider – assuming , of course , they had an alternative to switch to .
Companies can also now prohibit you from using a wireless router you bought at the store , forcing you to use one they rent out – just as they do with cable boxes .
They could also decide to charge you a fee every time you upgrade your computer , or even block you from using certain models , just as the nation 's mobile phone carriers do today .
While this might seem like a win for the nation 's broadband and wireless companies , the ruling could be so strong that it boomerangs on them .
For instance , if the FCC is left without the power to implement key portions of the National Broadband Plan – a so - far popular idea – then Congress or the FCC may have to find a way to restore power to the commission .
That could leave the FCC stronger than it was before the ruling .
The option favored by public interest groups is for the FCC to take the drastic course of formally reclassifying broadband as a regulated service , reversing the position it held and defended just a few years ago .
" The FCC should immediately start a proceeding bringing internet access service back under some common carrier regulation similar to that used for decades , " said Gigi Sohn , the president of the pro-net neutrality group Public Knowledge .
" In our view , the FCC needs to move quickly and decisively to make sure that consumers are not left at the mercy of telephone and cable companies . "
The FCC 's own statement on the decision acknowledges it will have to do just that .
" Today ’s court decision invalidated the prior Commission ’s approach to preserving an open internet , " said FCC spokeswoman Jen Howard in a written statement .
" But the Court in no way disagreed with the importance of preserving a free and open internet ; nor did it close the door to other methods for achieving this important end . "
" Other methods " obliquely refer to either Congress passing a law giving it the power ( a process that would likely take years ) or the FCC reclassifying broadband as a telecommunications service – in legal terms , moving broadband from Title I to Title II of the Telecommunications Act .
Title II - type regulations should be very familiar to most Americans – they are the rules that apply to phone services .
For instance , phone customers have the right to attach whatever device they like to the phone network – from rotary - dial machines to modems to fax machines – so long as they do n't harm the network .
They also have the right to call anyone else in the country from friends to astrology services , and phone companies are obliged to connect the call – making them into " common carriers . "
Phone companies that own the physical lines that connect to your house have to rent them to competing services at fair rates .
They also have to provide cheap services to low - income customers – subsidized by a tax known as the Universal Service Fee .
And they have their prices regulated .
That does n't mean moving broadband into " Title II " would impose the full spectrum of telephony regulation on internet service .
The FCC has a power known as " forbearance " that lets it lift selected obligations , according to Free Press 's policy counsel Aparna Sridhar .
" Let 's say Title II has 50 provisions , " Sridhar said .
" The commission can decide 48 of these do n't make sense for broadband , but one or two or three do .
It will be a skinny Title II .
Monopoly - style rate regulation is not necessarily the outcome . "
Another consideration is whether the FCC would then be in the business of regulating the content of the internet – as it famously does with fines against broadcasters for profanity on the radio or over - the - air television .
Sridhar said that would n't have to be the case .
" If the FCC decided to reclassify the underlying transmission , that does n't mean that Hulu or The New York Times or your favorite app will be regulated . "
Hoping to prevent the FCC from reclassifying broadband , the Wireless Association – an opponent of net neutrality rules – argued before the ruling arrived that the Comcast case would n't undermine the national broadband plan .
" I do n't think the National Broadband Plan is in jeopardy , based on the Comcast case , " Guttman - McCabe said a day before the ruling .
" Look at things about disclosure and even the Universal Service Fund – there is no need to have Title II authority to address those issues . "
But the court 's reasoning undermines Guttman - McCabe 's theory .
While it was tangential to the net neutrality case , the appeals court took the time to point out that the Universal Service Fund was approved by the courts only because it was tied to the FCC 's " Title II responsibility to set reasonable interstate telephone rates . "
In short , the court is saying that the Universal Service Fund could n't be changed to support broadband , since the FCC has no similar mandate to set broadband rates .
The Wireless Association welcomed the ruling in a written statement Tuesday , ignoring the tricky question of how the FCC could implement large portions of the National Broadband Plan without the authority to regulate broadband .
" Today 's unanimous and very thorough opinion in the Comcast case makes clear that the FCC needs to focus on the important task of making the promise of the National Broadband Plan a reality by spurring investment , innovation and job growth , and turn away from calls to impose restrictive regulations on broadband providers and the internet ecosystem , " said Steve Largent , the group 's CEO .
Comcast also welcomed the ruling , while trying to strike a conciliatory note by saying it likes the idea of open internet principles .
" We are gratified by the Court ’s decision today to vacate the previous FCC ’s order , " said Sena Fizmaurice , a Comcast spokeswoman .
" Comcast remains committed to the FCC ’s existing open internet principles , and we will continue to work constructively with this FCC as it determines how best to increase broadband adoption and preserve an open and vibrant internet . "
Meanwhile , Thursday marks a now odd deadline the FCC 's attempt to bolster its net neutrality authority by creating a proper rule - making process last fall that would have codified the ad hoc principles it used to go after Comcast .
Companies and interest groups were set to file final comments by Thursday on that rulemaking – which rested on the same arguments the court just struck down .
That makes the proceeding mostly useless , even though the FCC will still likely take the comments to heart , if and when it ever regains any authority over broadband .
Photo : Craig A. Rodway
See Also :
Tags
A very popular doctrine maintains that progressive lowering of the monetary unit 's purchasing power played a decisive role in historical evolution .
It is asserted that mankind would not have reached its present state of well - being if the supply of money had not increased to a greater extent than the demand for money .
The resulting fall in purchasing power , it is said , was a necessary condition of economic progress .
The intensification of the division of labor and the continuous growth of capital accumulation , which have centupled the productivity of labor , could ensue only in a world of progressive price rises .
Inflation creates prosperity and wealth ; deflation distress and economic decay .
A survey of political literature and of the ideas that guided for centuries the monetary and credit policies of the nations reveals that this opinion is almost generally accepted .
In spite of all warnings on the part of economists it is still today the core of the layman 's economic philosophy .
It is no less the essence of the teachings of Lord Keynes and his disciples in both hemispheres .
The popularity of inflationism is in great part due to deep - rooted hatred of creditors .
Inflation is considered just because it favors debtors at the expense of creditors .
However , the inflationist view of history which we have to deal with in this section is only loosely related to this anticreditor argument .
Its assertion that " expansionism " is the driving force of economic progress and that " restrictionism " is the worst of all evils is mainly based on other arguments .
It is obvious that the problems raised by the inflationist doctrine cannot be solved by a recourse to the teachings of historical experience .
It is beyond doubt that the history of prices shows , by and large , a continuous , although sometimes for short periods interrupted , upward trend .
It is of course impossible to establish this fact otherwise than by historical understanding .
Catallactic precision cannot be applied to historical problems .
The endeavors of some historians and statisticians to trace back the changes in the purchasing power of the precious metals for centuries , and to measure them , are futile .
It has been shown already that all attempts to measure economic magnitudes are based on entirely fallacious assumptions and display ignorance of the fundamental principles both of economics and of history .
But what history by means of its specific methods can tell us in this field is enough to justify the assertion that the purchasing power of money has for centuries shown a tendency to fall .
With regard to this point all people agree .
But this is not the problem to be elucidated .
The question is whether the fall in purchasing power was or was not an indispensable factor in the evolution which led from the poverty of ages gone by to the more satisfactory conditions of modern Western capitalism .
This question must be answered without reference to the historical experience , which can be and always is interpreted in different ways , and to which supporters and adversaries of every theory and of every explanation of history refer as a proof of their mutually contradictory and incompatible statements .
What is needed is a clarification of the effects of changes in purchasing power on the division of labor , the accumulation of capital , and technological improvement .
In dealing with this problem one cannot satisfy oneself with the refutation of the arguments advanced by the inflationists in support of their thesis .
The absurdity of these arguments is so manifest that their refutation and exposure is easy indeed .
From its very beginnings economics has shown again and again that assertions concerning the alleged blessings of an abundance of money and the alleged disasters of a scarcity of money are the outcome of crass errors in reasoning .
The endeavors of the apostles of inflationism and expansionism to refute the correctness of the economists ' teachings have failed utterly .
The only relevant question is this :
Is it possible or not to lower the rate of interest lastingly by means of credit expansion ?
This problem will be treated exhaustively in the chapter dealing with the interconnection between the money relation and the rate of interest .
There it will be shown what the consequences of booms created by credit expansion must be .
But we must ask ourselves at this point of our inquiries whether it is not possible that there are other reasons that could be advanced in favor of the inflationary interpretation of history .
Is it not possible that the champions of inflationism have neglected to resort to some valid arguments that could support their stand ?
It is certainly necessary to approach the issue from every possible avenue .
Let us think of a world in which the quantity of money is rigid .
At an early stage of history the inhabitants of this world have produced the whole quantity of the commodity employed for the monetary service which can possibly be produced .
A further increase in the quantity of money is out of the question .
Fiduciary media are unknown .
All money - substitutes — the subsidiary coins included — are money - certificates .
On these assumptions the intensification of the division of labor , the evolution from the economic self - sufficiency of households , villages , districts , and countries to the world - embracing market system of the 19th century , the progressive accumulation of capital , and the improvement of technological methods of production would have resulted in a continuous trend toward falling prices .
Would such a rise in the purchasing power of the monetary unit have stopped the evolution of capitalism ?
The average businessman will answer this question in the affirmative .
Living and acting in an environment in which a slow but continuous fall in the monetary unit 's purchasing power is deemed normal , necessary , and beneficial , he simply cannot comprehend a different state of affairs .
He associates the notions of rising prices and profits on the one hand and of falling prices and losses on the other .
The fact that there are bear operations too and that great fortunes have been made by bears does not shake his dogmatism .
These are , he says , merely speculative transactions of people eager to profit from the fall in the prices of goods already produced and available .
Creative innovations , new investments , and the application of improved technological methods require the inducement brought about by the expectation of price rises .
Economic progress is possible only in a world of rising prices .
This opinion is untenable .
In a world of a rising purchasing power for the monetary unit everybody 's mode of thinking would have adjusted itself to this state of affairs , just as in our actual world it has adjusted itself to a falling purchasing power of the monetary unit .
Today everybody is prepared to consider a rise in his nominal or monetary income as an improvement of his material well - being .
People 's attention is directed more toward the rise in nominal wage rates and the money equivalent of wealth than to the increase in the supply of commodities .
In a world of rising purchasing power for the monetary unit they would concern themselves more with the fall in living costs .
This would bring into clearer relief the fact that economic progress consists primarily in making the amenities of life more easily accessible .
In the conduct of business , reflections concerning the secular trend of prices do not play any role whatever .
Entrepreneurs and investors do not bother about secular trends .
What guides their actions is their opinion about the movement of prices in the coming weeks , months , or at most years .
They do not heed the general movement of all prices .
What matters for them is the existence of discrepancies between the prices of the complementary factors of production and the anticipated prices of the products .
No businessman embarks upon a definite production project because he believes that the prices , i.e. , the prices of all goods and services , will rise .
He engages himself if he believes that he can profit from a difference between the prices of goods of various orders .
In a world with a secular tendency toward falling prices , such opportunities for earning profit will appear in the same way in which they appear in a world with a secular trend toward rising prices .
The expectation of a general progressive upward movement of all prices does not bring about intensified production and improvement in well - being .
It results in the " flight to real values , " in the crack - up boom and the complete breakdown of the monetary system .
If the opinion that the prices of all commodities will drop becomes general , the short - term market rate of interest is lowered by the amount of the negative price premium .
Thus the entrepreneur employing borrowed funds is secured against the consequences of such a drop in prices to the same extent to which , under conditions of rising prices , the lender is secured through the price premium against the consequences of falling purchasing power .
A secular tendency toward a rise in the monetary unit 's purchasing power would require rules of thumb on the part of businessmen and investors other than those developed under the secular tendency toward a fall in its purchasing power .
But it would certainly not influence substantially the course of economic affairs .
It would not remove the urge of people to improve their material well - being as far as possible by an appropriate arrangement of production .
It would not deprive the economic system of the factors making for material improvement , namely , the striving of enterprising promoters after profit and the readiness of the public to buy those commodities that are apt to provide them the greatest satisfaction at the lowest costs .
Such observations are certainly not a plea for a policy of deflation .
They imply merely a refutation of the ineradicable inflationist fables .
They unmask the illusiveness of Lord Keynes 's doctrine that the source of poverty and distress , of depression of trade , and of unemployment is to be seen in a " contractionist pressure . "
It is not true that " a deflationary pressure … would have … prevented the development of modern industry . "
It is not true that credit expansion brings about the " miracle … of turning a stone into bread . "
Economics recommends neither inflationary nor deflationary policy .
It does not urge the governments to tamper with the market 's choice of a medium of exchange .
It establishes only the following truths :
By committing itself to an inflationary or deflationary policy a government does not promote the public welfare , the commonweal , or the interests of the whole nation .
It merely favors one or several groups of the population at the expense of other groups .
It is impossible to know in advance which group will be favored by a definite inflationary or deflationary measure and to what extent .
These effects depend on the whole complex of the market data involved .
They also depend largely on the speed of the inflationary or deflationary movements and may be completely reversed with the progress of these movements .
At any rate , an expansion results in misinvestment of capital and overconsumption .
It leaves the nation as a whole poorer , not richer .
Continued inflation must finally end in the crack - up boom , the complete breakdown of the currency system .
Deflationary policy is costly for the treasury and unpopular with the masses .
But inflationary policy is a boon for the treasury and very popular with the ignorant .
Practically , the danger of deflation is but slight and the danger of inflation tremendous .
Today should turn out to be a very good St. Paddy 's Day for Colin Olmstead , since he 'll be getting a whole lot of green from the Arapahoe County DA 's office -- and by green , we mean two pounds of pot .
Olmstead had the marijuana confiscated in Arapahoe County over a year ago during a routine traffic stop .
His lawyer , Rob Corry , says he was in the process of delivering the pot to a dispensary called Cherry Creek Health , but did n't say anything about that to the officers at the time out of respect for his patients ' confidentiality .
Soon after , however , Corry says Olmstead told the authorities the contraband was medical marijuana and produced paperwork showing enough patients who had previously designated him their caregiver to justify the amount of weed he had in his car .
While it apparently took them a while to make a decision , it was enough for the DA 's office to drop the case and return the cannabis .
" I think it 's a record for quantity of marijuana returned in Arapahoe County , which is generally regarded as one of the stricter judicial districts , " says Corry .
The marijuana hand - off is planned for 2 p.m. today at the Arapahoe County Sheriff 's Office , 13101 East Broncos Parkway in Centennial ( Olmstead 's supporters are encouraged to wear green ) .
Corry says they 've been told the high - grade pot was shrink - wrapped soon after it was confiscated , so they 're hoping it 's still usable .
If it is , the plan is to distribute it to indigent patients -- so lots of folks can enjoy the pot of gold at the end of this rainbow .
WASHINGTON — President Obama , beginning his final push for a health care overhaul , called Wednesday for Congress to allow an “ up or down vote ” on the measure , and sketched out an ambitious — and , some Democrats said , unrealistic — timetable for his party to pass a bill on its own within weeks .
“ I believe the United States Congress owes the American people a final vote on health care reform , ” Mr. Obama said during a 20 - minute speech in the East Room of the White House .
He said there was no point in starting over , as Republicans are demanding , and called on nervous Democrats to stick with him , declaring there was no reason “ for those of us who were sent here to lead to just walk away . ”
The speech , less than a week after Mr. Obama held a high - profile televised health care forum , will usher in what White House officials say will be their last campaign to bring Washington ’s long and contentious health care debate to a close — with a bill - signing ceremony at the end .
On Thursday , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius will meet at the White House with insurance industry executives to spotlight unpopular rate increases ; next week , Mr. Obama will travel to Missouri and Pennsylvania to stump for the health care bill .
But that 's exactly why we did use it .
Ha-hah .
Incredible .
Anyway - without further ado , here 's your British sales charts news : Just Cause 2 is number one with a bullet .
Or should we say grapple hook ?
Battlefield : Bad Company 2 and Modern Warfare 2 are still lingering the top ten , with God Of War III dropping to seventh .
Not particularly unsurprising for Kratos ' vengeance — majority of the game 's lifetime sales will probably come from preorders .
Expect it to linger though .
Mark Duren was driving his daughter home in their Toyota Camry when out of nowhere a fellow motorist flipped him off and started ramming his car .
The reason ?
Duren had an Obama - Biden campaign bumper sticker on his bumper .
Advertisement
Duren had picked his daughter up from school and was driving to his Nashville , TN home when Harry Weisiger pulled up next to his car , pointed to the Obama - Biden bumper sticker on the back , and flipped him off .
One would expect this to end the exchange between a bully filled with impotent rage , but Weisiger took it way further .
At a stop sign he starting honking his horn and causing a scene and when the two were underway again , he hit Duran 's car .
Being a normal person , Duren slowed to deal with the accident but Weisiger sped up and smashed into the bumper , causing serious damage .
Duren then pulled over to the side of the road and got out , at which point the enraged Weisiger started using his SUV to push the car up over the curb .
Police have arrested Weisiger and charged him with felony reckless endangerment .
All that anger over a political sticker , perhaps somebody needs to take a chill pill .
[ WKRN ]
Understatedly described as a “ traditional musical comedy with untraditional subject matter , ” Trey Parker and Matt Stone ’s The Book Of Mormon is officially headed to Broadway in March 2011 .
The South Park duo have been kicking around the idea for a while , and are said to be currently working on music and lyrics with Tony winner Robert Lopez of Avenue Q ( which , to bring it all full circle , was itself heavily influenced by South Park : Bigger , Longer , And Uncut , according to Lopez ) .
In the show , Parker and Stone will be tasked with somehow finding something funny about the Mormon religion , though they ’ve already had some experience :
The duo ’s 1998 film , Orgazmo , examined contemporary Mormonism through the prism of a young missionary who ’s forced to navigate secular society armed solely with an orgasm gun ; and the 2003 South Park episode , “ All About The Mormons ” managed to wring laughs out of the tale of Head Mormon
In Charge Joseph Smith , the American prophet who once found the true word of God hiding in his hat .
The Book Of Mormon ’s premise , which juxtaposes the story of two young missionaries with Smith ’s , sounds like some combination of the two — though without the orgasm guns , most likely .
Whatever the plotline , it should be well worth checking out , considering the best part of Parker and Stone ’s projects has long been their original songs , beginning with Cannibal !
The Musical through the Oscar - nominated score for Bigger , Longer — as well as the unjustly snubbed soundtrack for Team America : World Police — and 14 seasons of South Park .
And if we ’re really lucky , the New York Times will be forced to explain what “ DVDA ” stands for .
Advertisement
by Jen Nathan Orris
Tap Into Asheville ’s Beer Scene Asheville offers a dizzying array of beer .
From hoppy IPAs to dark stouts , the city ’s breweries keep beer flowing like mountain water .
With more breweries per capita than anywhere else in the U.S. , Asheville was first named Beer City USA in 2009 and has swept the competition almost every year since .
Track down the city ’s best pints and pours with this guide to a full day of brews with a view .
Three Cheers for Breakfast Breakfast is the most important meal of the day , especially when you have … more
35
Every so often someone comes up with a game that is so new and innovative that everyone starts copying it and as a result a whole new genre of games is spawned .
That is what has happened with tower defense games .
Not so long ago , there was no such thing as a tower defense game .
Then in 2007 , David Scott released Flash Element Tower Defense .
The game proved a hit and in almost no time other developers were mimicking the game play that Scott had pioneered .
Now , just three years after Flash Element TD 's launch , there are literally hundreds of tower defense games available .
Here , we present you with a list of what we consider to be the Top 30 Online Tower Defense Games .
All the games can be played in your browser for free .
Enjoy !
Gemcraft , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 1 Gemcraft Gemcraft offers one of the most interesting - and certainly the most successful - twists on the tower defense genre .
In this game , you play a wizard defending the land against evil critters .
Just like in most TD games , you use towers to kill the monsters .
But in Gemcraft , unlike in many TD games , the towers do n't initially come with any special abilities or powers .
They are simply towers .
You imbue them with powers by installing magic gems in them .
Red gems , for example , might make a tower shoot fireballs at an enemy , green ones might poison your enemies .
That on its own might not be that exciting but the developer - Game in a Bottle - has given you the ability to combine gems to create super powerful towers that have multiple powers .
This mechanic gives the game a strategic depth that many tower defense games lack .
Add to that a captivating story line and long campaign mode and you begin to understand why Gemcraft is one of the most highly - rated flash games of all time .
The original version of the game can be played here .
A sequel can be played here .
Protector , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 2 Protector Protector is an attempt to combine tower defense and rpg game play .
If the number of versions of the game are any measure - four at the last count - it has certainly been a successful attempt .
In Protector , you do n't use towers to fight off the enemies .
Instead you use wizards , archers , fighters and other characters to ward off the monsters .
Each character can be leveled up to unleash frightful new powers against the poor hordes of creatures .
Deep strategic game play and nice isometric graphics set Protector apart from your run -of - the - mill tower defense game .
Play Protector here .
Newer versions of the game can be played here and here .
Bubble Tanks Tower Defense , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 3 Bubble Tanks Tower Defense
If you like your tower defense games to offer you plenty of depth and replayability , then you will probably love Bubble Tanks TD .
The game offers no less than 52 different modes , 11 unique paths for updating your towers and seven enemy types .
Perhaps the game 's most interesting feature , however , is the ability to merge towers into huge sprawling mega structures combining the powers of 16 standard towers .
You can play Bubble Tanks TD here .
Desktop TD , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 4 Desktop TD
This might not have been the first tower defense game ever made but it is certainly the one that brought the genre to the attention of the masses .
It blew my mind away when I first played it .
Even though the game is a few years old now , it has lost none of its original charm and addictiveness .
If you are looking for classic tower defense action , then you wo n't go wrong with this game .
Desktop TD can be played here .
Onslaught , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 5 Onslaught
With its crude graphics and basic - looking maps , you could be forgiven for giving this tower defense game a miss .
But if you did , you would be missing out on one of the deepest tower defense games around .
Onslaught is simply brilliant .
If offers you an unparalleled range of towers ( or turrets , in this case ) and also the ability to mix them together to create uniquely powerful defense weapons .
Onslaught can be played here .
Bloons TD4 , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 6 Bloons TD4
Personally , I would not have included this game quite so high up in the list .
Its cute graphics and pretty basic game play are not to my taste .
But I know that there are many people who love this game and would be furious if I did not place it near the top of the list .
And I bow to their superior gaming knowledge .
Play Bloons TD4 here .
Defend your Honor , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 8 Defend your Honor Tower defense games are a serious matter .
Your life depends on keeping the monsters at bay .
There is simply no time for humour .
The developers of Defend your Honor would disagree , for they have created a tower defense game with a light - hearted storyline and an odd sense of humour .
In the game , you play an elf on a mission to recover a golden walrus from a dungeon .
As you progress through the levels , you recruit friends ( who in essence act the same as towers ) to aid you .
This is a cute and fun game perfect for those who do n't take their tower defense gaming too seriously .
Play Defend your Honor here .
VR Defender Y3 K , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 9 VR Defender Y3K
Set in the year 3000 , VR Defender Y3 K puts you in charge of a poor network engineer desperately trying to fend off wave after wave of malicious computer viruses .
You need to defend your network firewall using a series of virtual towers .
Classic tower defense game play in a futuristic setting .
You can play VR Defender Y3 K here .
Lord of War 2 , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 10 Lord of War 2
This is a very good looking tower defense game with a campaign - style series of levels .
The sprites for the creeps are among the best you can find in a tower defense game , and the game play itself is highly addictive .
Definitely deserves its top 10 position .
Play Lord of War 2 here .
Canyon Defense , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 11 Canyon Defense
This is a solid if not spectacular game that is notable for its rejection of some of the standard motifs of the tower defense genre .
For a start , you can't upgrade any of the towers ( well , they 're actually turrets because the game has had a modern warfare theme ) .
Instead , you unlock new and better turrets and other weapons by completing quests , and replace the old ones with the new .
Canyon Defense can be played here .
Front Line Defense , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 12 Front Line Defense
This game might not bring anything new to the tower defense genre but it is so well produced - with slick graphics and a simple to use interfaces - that one can't criticize it .
The game - which has a modern military theme - is quite difficult by tower defense standards .
So if you are a hardcore TDer , you wo n't be able to get enough of it .
You can play Front Line Defense here .
Antbuster , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 13 Antbuster Defend your picnic food from the greedy ants by carefully placing cannons .
This is tower defense gaming at its most simple and all the better for it .
Play Antbuster here .
Warzone TD , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 14 Warzone TD
A solid tower defense game with a great range of defensive weapons , inventive map designs and deep strategic game play .
What more could you want .
Play Warzone TD here .
Ultimate Defense 2 , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 15 Ultimate Defense 2
The first version of this game was almost unplayable as a result of its tortuously complicated user interface .
This new version is immeasurably better .
Indeed , it is probably the best looking tower defense game on the list , featuring sumptuous isometric maps .
The game play is quite interesting too , successfully blending rpg elements with tower defense strategy .
Ultimate Defense 2 can be played here .
Random Defense , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 16 Random Defense
Some tower defense games have a modern military theme , others have a sci- fi setting while others still embrace the fantasy motif of wizards and elves .
Random Defense , on the other hands , includes the whole lot .
On some levels you are defending your space station from aliens , on another you are desperately fighting off jungle creatures , and ... you get the drift .
You can play Random Defense here .
When Penguins Attack TD , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 17 When Penguins Attack TD
You are not fending off evil monsters , well - armed soldiers or nasty invaders in this game .
Instead , you are up against cute little penguins .
Makes you wonder whether you are on the side of good .
Still , them penguins need stopping and you have plenty of weapons to ensure that happens .
Play When Penguins Attack here .
Snafu TD , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 18 Snafu TD Snafu TD is good - looking tower defense game in the same vein as Desktop TD - there is no set route that the enemies have to take to your base , so you have to put a lot of thought into where your towers go .
Snafu TD can be played here .
Pirate Defense , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 19 Pirate Defense Rather than using towers to kill the attacking hordes , in Pirate Defense you use traps .
Apart from that , the game play is pretty much the same as with a standard tower defense game .
You can play Pirate Defense here .
Xeno Tactics , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 20 Xeno Tactics
A slick tower defense game with a grungy sci- fi feel .
It features multiple defensive turrets .
Some work only against ground - based enemies .
Others are effective only against airborne critters .
A few work against both airborne and ground - based enemies .
Play Xeno Tactics here .
Mushroom Revolution , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 21 Mushroom Revolution Featuring a similar game play mechanic to Gemcraft , Mushroom Revolution is a fun , cartoony tower defense game where the towers are replaced by cute mushrooms .
Feed mushrooms different gems to grant them different critter - killing powers .
Mushroom Revolution can be played here .
Hill of Defend , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 22 Hill of Defend
This game deserves credit for its re-imagining of how tower defense games are presented .
Rather than giving players a top down view , as is standard in tower defense games , Hill of Defend presents the player with a side view of the action .
The enemies climb up various levels to reach your base .
You build towers on the levels to fight them off .
You can play Hill of Defend here .
Whiteboard TD , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 23 Whiteboard TD
This game is very much like Desktop TD ( No 4 ) but with the game graphics given the appearance of being drawn with felt tip pens on a school whiteboard .
Perhaps surprisingly , this style of artwork works really well , and Whiteboard TD is great fun .
Play Whiteboard TD here .
Dungeon Defender , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 24 Dungeon Defender
In this game , you are the master of a dungeon under attack from annoying chivalrous heroes who want to woo fair maidens with their impressive deeds .
You aim to spoil their plans by building lairs that grow creates to fight off the heroes .
An interesting and effective take on the tower defense genre .
Dungeon Defender can be played here .
Create your own Tower Defense , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 25 Create your own Tower Defense
This game is for people who love tower defense games so much that they want to create their own .
The game gives you all the tools you need to make your own TD levels .
You can also play and vote on levels designed by other .
A great idea albeit one that may only appeal to tower defense fanatics .
You can create your own tower defense games here .
Towering Forever , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 26 Towering Forever Like Hill of Defend , this game presents the gamer with a side - on view of the action .
The game also differs from the standard tower defense formula in that in addition to creating towers , you can take personal control of the chief defender , and battle attackers who get past your towers in much the same way as you would in a brawler - style side - scrolling game .
You can play Towering Forever here .
Vector Defense 2 , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 27 Vector Defense 2 Vector Defense 2 is a competent tower defense clone that offers players a variety of playing modes , from time attack ( where you have to survive for as long as possible against endless waves of attackers ) to lightning ( where the enemies move twice as fast as usual ) .
Apart from that , this is standard tower defense fare albeit with sleek vector graphics .
Vector Defense 2 can be played here .
Pixelshock 's Tower Defense , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 28 Pixelshock 's Tower Defense A nice tower defense game featuring plenty of game modes , numerous maps and pretty isometric graphics .
It is not the best tower defense game around .
Nor is it by any means the worst .
You can play Pixelshock 's Tower Defense here .
Anti-TD , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 29 Anti-TD
In this unique tower defense game , you play the minions seeking to overwhelm the defenses and have to plot a path through the towers .
Although it does not quite work , it is an interesting and inventive take on the genre .
Play Anti-TD here .
Mini Tower Defense , Top 30 , top 20 , top 10 online tower defense games , Casual Girl Gamer 30 Mini Tower Defense
It might be the bottom of our list but it is by no means a bad example of the tower defense genre .
If I had one criticism of the game , it is that the enemies are a tad on the sluggish side .
Mini Tower Defense can be played here .
What do you think of our list ?
Would you have ordered it differently ?
Have we missed out any cool tower defense games .
If so , share them with us in the comments section below .
Sell My Car
Make more money when you sell your car yourself .
Choose a package and price that works for you .
Create Your Ad Edit Your Ad
Find out what your car is worth to an individual buyer or dealer in your area and decide how to sell or trade .
Get the Value
House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ( D - Md. ) hailed the figures from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office during a meeting with a group of reporters on Thursday morning and said the House would vote on Sunday .
He said House Democrats had crafted a bill that would amount to the largest deficit reduction package in more than 15 years .
“ We think the numbers are now pretty well set from CBO , ” Hoyer said .
“ We think it will post the largest deficit reduction of any bill that we ’ve adopted in the Congress since 1993 . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
CBO told lawmakers that the health package would cost $ 940 billion over the next decade , reducing the deficit by $ 130 billion .
It will reduce the deficit by $ 1.2 trillion in the second decade of the plan 's implementation , according to those who have seen the score .
That 's a larger deficit reduction than the healthcare measures passed by both the House and the Senate last year , though the CBO said the current bill would spend more than those bills .
An official score from the budget office is expected around noon , but reports about the findings were leaked to the press before the formal release .
" We are absolutely giddy " about the score , Majority Whip James Clyburn ( D - S.C. ) said during an interview on Fox News on Thursday .
About the deficit - reduction figures , he added , " This is great news for the American people . "
Hoyer said the CBO score will show the final bill reducing the deficit by over $ 1 trillion over the second decade of its implementation .
House and Senate Republicans dismissed the positive budget estimate .
Following a closed - door meeting of both chambers ' GOP members , House Minority Leader John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerLongtime House parliamentarian to step down
Five things we learned from this year 's primaries Bad blood between Pelosi , Meadows complicates coronavirus talks MORE ( R - Ohio ) and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky . ) said they would work to defeat the legislation in the House .
" They can tweak this thing , and still it 's a trillion dollars they 're going to spend , " Boehner John Andrew BoehnerLongtime House parliamentarian to step down
Five things we learned from this year 's primaries Bad blood between Pelosi , Meadows complicates coronavirus talks MORE said .
Democrats have been waiting for the CBO score for days , and several undecided lawmakers have said the CBO findings will influence their votes .
Leaders need 216 members of their caucus to support the healthcare package for it to win passage .
The package considered by the CBO is the Senate healthcare bill and a package of changes to that legislation that must receive votes from the House and Senate .
House leaders are considering the use of a controversial rule that would " deem " the Senate bill as having been passed without an actual roll - call vote on the measure .
The process would send the Senate healthcare bill to President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaIt 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach Obama steps into The Shade Room to urge ' roommates ' to vote , says White House ' working to keep people from voting ' MORE , with the package of changes to the bill going to a vote in the Senate under budget reconciliation rules to prevent a GOP filibuster .
Hoyer said the amendments to the Senate healthcare bill — which , along with student loan legislation , make up the reconciliation bill — have been projected to reduce the deficit by $ 120 billion in the first 10 years , outpacing the $ 100 billion estimate of the original bill .
The release of the CBO score sets into motion a 72 - hour endgame on healthcare .
Leaders have said they will give members 72 hours to review the legislation before a vote .
House Republicans are set to offer a measure Thursday that seeks to force and up - or - down vote on the Senate healthcare bill .
Jordan Fabian contributed to this article .
This story was updated at 9:45 a.m. and 10:15 a.m .
Text Size A A
Many developing countries will face mountains of electronic waste in coming years unless they establish formal collection and recycling programs , the United Nations Environment Program says in a report released today .
A lack of these programs is likely to lead to serious public health and environmental problems from improperly discarded and recycled domestic e-waste , UNEP says .
Many developing nations already face challenges from improperly handled e-waste imported from the industrialized world .
But these problems are likely to mount because of zooming sales in the developing world of cell phones , televisions , and other electronic gadgets , the report finds .
For instance , the report finds that by 2020 , the number of discarded computers in India is expected to jump seven - fold from 2007 .
In South Africa and China , the increase will be double to quadruple over the same time frame , UNEP says .
In many developing countries , workers in informal recycling operations strip valuable metals from old electronic devices by hand without protections from exposure to hazardous components .
They burn coatings to get to the metals , a process that releases toxic pollutants .
UNEP says these practices lead to much lower rates of recovering metals such as silver , gold , palladium , copper , and indium than do operations at state - of - the - art industrial recycling facilities .
China faces a particularly severe problem , according to UNEP .
It will produce an estimated 2.3 million metric tons of e-waste in 2010 , making it the second largest generator in the world behind the U.S. , which will have about 3 million metric tons , according to UNEP .
In addition , China continues to contend with e-waste shipped to it from industrialized countries .
" This report gives new urgency to establishing ambitious , formal , and regulated processes for collecting and managing e-waste via the setting up of large , efficient facilities in China , " says Achim Steiner , executive director of UNEP .
" China is not alone in facing a serious challenge .
India , Brazil , Mexico , and others may also face rising environmental damage and health problems if e-waste recycling is left to the vagaries of the informal sector , " Steiner adds .
Globally , the generation of e-waste is growing by about 40 million metric tons per year , the report says .
From Mop :
12 things about Japanese kindergarten [ preschool ? ] that have stunned me as a Chinese mother
Before coming to Japan , Tiantian had already gone through a year of kindergarten [ preschool ?
nursery school ? ] in Beijing , so you could say that we are no strangers to kindergarten .
But there are some things in Japanese kindergartens that have stunned me [ are really weird / strong ] .
Let me share them with you .
1. The Ridiculous Number of Bags .
On the first day , they explained to us that we needed to prepare a certain number of bags of various sizes :
A schoolbag , a blanket bag , a bag for eating utensils , a box for eating utensils , a bag for clothes , a bag for for changing clothes , a bag for clothes after they have been changed out of , and a bag for shoes .
Then that bag A had to be of such - and - such a length , bag B had to be of such - and - such a width , bag C had to fit in bag D , and E in bag F . I just could n’t believe it .
Some kindergartens even ask mothers to make bags themselves !
After two years we ’re used to it , and the kids become very good at putting things in their right place .
I often think that the reason that the people of Kyoto do n’t mind sorting their rubbish might be because they ’ve been taught this kind of thing from a young age .
2. All These Bags Carried by Children , While Adults Carry Nothing .
This is a sight that really shocked me : when dropping kids off or picking them up , I noticed that the other Japanese adults , be they mother , father , or grandparent , were carrying absolutely nothing , while all those bags of different sizes ( at the very least two or three ) mentioned above were carried by those little cuties .
What ’s more , they were running really fast !
But us ?
Maybe out of habit , maybe because of a cultural thing , but I carried the bags , and Tiantian carried nothing .
A couple of days later the teacher came and had a chat with me : “ Tiantian ’s mother , Tina does everything herself at school … ” Japanese people have a habit of saying only the beginning of a sentence , and letting you work out the rest yourself .
I immediately realized that she was asking about the situation at home , but seeing me thinking it over , the teacher continued , “… carrying her schoolbag for example … ”
After this tactful reminder , I let Tiantian carry her own schoolbag .
When the time came for a parents ’ meeting , I told everyone that in China the custom was for parents to carry everything .
It was the Japanese mothers ’ turn to be dumbfounded .
As one , they asked : “ Why ? ”
Why ?
Is it because we Chinese love our children a little more ?
3. Changing Clothes Over and Over Again
Tiantian ’s kindergarten has its own uniform ; when she arrives she has to take it off , and change into overalls for playtime .
She has to take off her shoes and put on white ballet shoes , when she goes into the exercise yard she has to change her shoes again .
After their afternoon nap the kids have to change clothes again .
A real pain .
When Tiantian was in Chrysanthemum Class she used to be so slow changing clothes , and I could n’t help but give her a hand .
But I soon noticed that all of the Japanese mothers were standing to one side , not helping at all .
I slowly saw that this business of changing clothes educated the children in living independently .
Through things like their experiences at school , changing , sticking their daily sticker , and hanging their handkerchiefs , these kids start from when they are two or three years old to learn the habit of keeping things orderly .
4. Wearing Shorts In Winter
Children in Japanese schools wear shorts in winter , no matter how cold it is .
My daughter ’s grandparents in Beijing were very worried , and said that I had to talk to the teacher about it , because Chinese children ca n’t stand the cold .
Would n’t you know it , when we had just started kindergarten , practically every day she got sick .
But when I talked to the Japanese mothers about it , their answer amazed me .
“ Of course !
The reason we send our kids to kindergarten is to get sick . ”
Seeing the healthy energy of the children charging about like little rockets , greeting me , it occurred to me that we should n’t spoil our kids too much .
5. 0 - Year - Old Infants Competing in Athletic Events
All classes are named after flowers .
Tiantian was a chrysanthemum , then a lily , now she ’s one of the “ older sisters ” , a violet .
But the little babies who have n’t reached their first birthdays are all in the “ Peach Blossom ” class .
In Japanese they ’re called もも , which sounds like 毛毛 in Chinese [ and ‘ mo - mo ’ in English ] .
Japanese kana all come from Chinese characters .
These mo-mo , who have n’t even reached their first birthday , have not only already started going to kindergarten , but take part in all of their major activities , like sports competitions and performances .
Seeing these little mo -mo crying while crawling forward , I usually feel bad for them .
6. Girls Playing Soccer
When children reach their middle year of kindergarten in Japan , they start taking weekly “ Jumping ” lessons , similar to our Physical Exercise lessons back home ; when they get to their senior year , there is a soccer competition .
When they ’re not practicing their drumming all day , they ’re practicing soccer .
And they really play too , they even have competitions with other kindergartens .
Tiantian has bruises from playing but her strength and bravery have been brought out .
To tell the truth , when we first came to Japan , Tiantian ’s performance was really shameful .
Japanese kids usually start shooting up at about three or four years old , before that they are a lot shorter than Chinese kids .
In Tiantian ’s class she was a giant , but was in actual fact quite weak .
The Japanese kids would run about outside , but Tiantian ?
She ’d get a grain of sand in her shoe and would have to tiptoe to walk .
Once there was an excursion where they went up a mountain , and she could only come down with two short Japanese kids supporting her .
These uncomplaining three - year - olds , who did n’t have the experience of allowing her to travel on foot up a mountain for an hour .
She ’s better now , last year at Shangrila , in that low oxygen environment she walked for four hours without any problems .
7. Mixed Education
When we were in China I saw Tiantian ’s kindergarten a few times .
Each class would have its classes separately , but in Japan this is n’t the case .
Before 9:30 , and after 3:30 , the entire school plays together .
And in the yard big kids hold little kids , little kids chase big kids , they carry on like crazy .
They get to really experience having “ siblings ” .
Their feeling of growth is obvious .
For example in Tiantian ’s and the other senior year ’s last assembly a few days ago , after performing their taiko piece , they said something that made all the parents cry .
“ In today ’s assembly we ’re very happy , because the children from lower years performed so successfully .
This is our last assembly , and when we start junior school we ’ll be sure to remember our friends and our kindergarten . ”
8. Education : All “ Smiles ” and “ Thank you ” .
In this kindergarten , it seems like they do n’t care at all about the children ’s intellectual education .
They do n’t have textbooks , just a new sketchbook every month .
In the school ’s education plan , there are n’t any subjects like mathematics , kana , art , or music .
Do n’t even ask about English or the International Math Olympiad .
They do n’t learn roller skating or swimming .
When you ask what they teach , you ’d never guess what the answer is : “ We teach the children to be all smiles ! ”
In Japan , no matter where you are , or to who you ’re talking to , “ being all smiles ” is most important .
An girl who is “ all smiles ” is most beautiful .
What else do they teach ? —
They teach children to “ say thank you ” .
In everything there are things that they stress here that they do n’t in China .
But after three years I can see that Tiantian has improved in things like music , art and reading , and these improvements are from a comprehensive education .
9 . The Number Of Activities
Looking at my calendar I can see the days when I need to make lunch for Tiantian to take to school .
These are the days when she has excursions .
I ca n’t count how many times she climbs mountains , how many lakes she ’s seen , or how many animals or plants she ’s gone and looked at .
Apart from that , she ’s also gathered acorns , made cakes , been to sports carnivals , performed for community events , had sleepovers , celebrated festivals , been at assemblies , attended temples , exhibitions … let ’s just say that there have been a lot .
10 . All The Holidays Chinese People Don’t Celebrate — — Japanese Kindergarten Celebrate
This really floored me too .
Like I mentioned above , Japanese kindergartens celebrate their own traditional holidays , Girls ’ Day , Boys ’ Day , Hungry Ghost Festival … .
Not only this , they also celebrate Renri ( held on the 7th night of the lunar new year , how many of you know about this festival ? ) , and Qixi .
Today she came back , and said “ Today , teacher asked how we celebrated these holidays in China , I said I did n’t know ” .
What a disgrace !
Mommy does n’t know either .
11 . Teachers ’ Abilities
In one Japanese class there are ten to thirty students , but only one teacher .
In the beginning I had my doubts , if she was able to keep her eye on all of them she ’d be pretty good .
Then I found out that I had underestimated these Japanese kindergarten teachers .
With just this one teacher , thirty children ’s artworks , the lead for their drumming pieces ( so professional ) , thirty children ’s art , music , reading , thirty children ’s birthdays , their major assemblies and sports carnivals are all organised methodically and thoroughly .
Look at the teacher , and she ’s always cool and relaxed .
And she ’s about 50 - years - old !
I salute her !
12 . Buddhist Influences
Kyoto has probably more temples than any other city in Japan , it has a kind of monastic ambiance .
Tiantian has to go to temple every week for instruction .
In the most important festivals she has to bow to Buddha , and there are activities on every Buddha ’s Birthday and Nirvana day .
Tiantian is graduating soon , yesterday she went to Nishi Honganji temple to make a wish .
Tiantian was the class representative and gave Buddha some flowers .
I asked her what she wished , and she said “ To always trust in Buddha , to always treat others with a thankful heart , and to always heed others ’ words . ”
Comments from Mop :
鬼畜若妻 :
I support this !
There ’s going to be someone who says Japs are all perverts and stuff , but I say look at the reality , China , Japan is better than us !
泻狗摇猪 :
At least we can say that spoiling children is indeed wrong .
I heard that in Public Schools in England they eat black bread , sleep on hard beds , and are very strict about manners .
I do n’t know when China will face up to the problems in children ’s education ?
Loving them and spoiling them is n’t the same thing .
猪帅 :
We ca n’t deny how backward our education system is , cups !
爱你并被爱 :
Chinese education is for exams , it ’s not any use for actual knowledge , after the exam you forget everything .
This is the tragedy of our future for our nationality .
smlt :
Let ’s not talk about what was bad about Japan in the past , let ’s just say with regards to the issue of raising children , we should learn from the Japanese , not spoiling the child or pampering the child .
琪思秒想 :
Let ’s adopt their good points , but avoid their BT points .
锦衣衛 :
I want to go to Japan to study .
There are indeed some areas in which China is n’t as good as other places .
永寂之手 :
Childhood happiness is so that when you grow up you have nice memories .
After all Japan has one of the lowest happiness indexes in the world .
封建家长 :
Education is a country ’s foundation , it ’s great plan .
China ’s Ministry of Education , is the enemy of education .
rubyxuyi :
The Japanese pay close attention to the raising of children , it seems like we Chinese pamper them too much .
蓝黑间条衫 :
This is how the Japs became a strong country in the world , as well as the reason for how they were able to rise so quickly following defeat !
开红砍NPC :
Sigh …
This really makes me think .
How should I educate my own kids ?
Everyone wishes they could have a childhood like this .
mylovelycici :
Already lost at the starting line !
Very true .
All smiles .
chinaSMACK personals .
Technical stuff and some more
If we could talk to the animals , just imagine it — we could be butting in on other species ' conversations .
Can animals talk to other animals ?
This question — from an Anon 's 6 - year - old cousin — is familiar to anyone who 's ever been caught up in the poignant friendship of a cartoon fox and a cartoon hound .
Obviously , their real - life equivalents are n't sitting down to chat , vocally , about Yeats over a nice cup of tea .
But if you drop the human pretension , and start thinking of communication as a simple exchange of information , you 'll see cross-species conversations happening , experts say .
" There 's a really great photo set of a polar bear and a dog that were playing .
What had happened was that this owner saw the polar bear come for his husky , and thought that was the end of the husky .
Instead , they started playing for a half hour or so and then the bear walked off , " said Doug Broadfield , Ph.D. , a biological anthropologist at Florida Atlantic University .
Both animals were expressing an intent to play through the use of body language , Broadfield said .
The human involved did n't get that at first , but the dog and the bear clearly knew what the other was " saying " .
We humans tend to think of communication as solely about formal language — preferably spoken .
Instead , animals use things like movement , posture and even pee — as well as sounds — to share concepts like , " I want to play , " or messages like , " There 's food over here . "
As long it makes sense , communication has happened .
In fact , some researchers think " communication " is a fancy way of talking about almost all animal behavior .
" Everything we do ' makes sense ' : to us , to somebody else , now or in the future .
Perhaps I am a bit too radical in this , but it is honestly my position as scholar , " said Dario Martinelli , Ph.D. , who studies animal communication at the University of Helsinki in Finland .
Researchers like Martinelli see communication happening when a gazelle shows off for a predator — bouncing and running around in sight of a lion , looking conspicuously healthy and hard to catch .
There 's communication inherent , he says , in the symbiotic relationship between a hippo and the birds that eat bugs off its back .
Even with a more conservative definition , the question is n't really , " Does animal communication happen ? " but , " Can humans understand it ? "
We do n't always , and we 're better at spotting communication in animals that think more like us , like apes , Broadfield said .
Sometimes , even then , we see the communication and misinterpret the message .
" One of the very early mistakes was when we saw apes kind of smile .
We thought everything was great , " Broadfield said .
" But then , in the wild , we found they do n't really smile when they 're happy .
It means they 're kind of anxious about something . "
Observations like that make up the backbone of animal communication research .
Like new parents trying to communicate with a baby human , researchers watch the behavior and try to make sense of it from situational context .
It 's easy for subjectivity to creep in , but it 's the best system we 've got .
Getting more objective would require knowing what areas of animal 's brain are associated with communication , and when they 're in use .
And , unfortunately , that would take stuffing a conscious chimpanzee into an fMRI machine .
You can see the problem .
" It 's been tried , but we 're not any closer to understanding how the brain lights up for communication tasks in chimps , " Broadfield said .
" With humans , you can put them in an fMRI and give them a task to perform right there .
With chimps , they perform the task , then you sedate the chimp and then put him in .
It 's stressful , and there 's a delay time between doing the task and doing the scan . "
" Ideally , you 'd have to raise a chimp to be able to lay still in an fMRI and get results from there .
But we 're still a few years away from being able to do that . "
To read more about animal communication , check out Dario Martinelli 's sites on zoosemiotics and zoomusicology , or visit The Animal Communication Project .
Image courtesy Flickr user pmarkham , via CC
An Australian family has left New Zealand short - changed despite clutching a handful of coins .
Retiree Mike Eisenblatter and his family from Adelaide have $ 2.40 in old New Zealand coins , which they say were given as change from places including Te Papa .
When they tried to spend the change they were rebuffed because the old larger coins , phased out in 2006 , are no longer legal tender .
Mr Eisenblatter , 59 , said he felt duped after discovering he had been given useless coins .
Tourists had no way of knowing the coins were not legal tender , he said .
" None of us paid good , hard - earned money to come here and be duped due to our ignorance . "
While the dollar amount was small , it was concerning they were given the coins several times .
One trader who rejected the coins suggested he had been an " easy target " , he said .
After they became aware of the difference in coins , his son Shannon , 15 , was also handed the old currency at another shop , but refused to accept them .
" The guy was trying to tell me they were real and I could still spend them , " Shannon said .
Mr Eisenblatter said it was up to the Reserve Bank to get the old coins out of the system , and he suggested alerting tourists to the difference .
" It may seem like small change , but in the larger scheme of things , if every other tourist assembles $ 1 , $ 2 or even $ 5 of this stuff , you can do the math on what might still be out there . "
The family returned to Australia yesterday , and had thoroughly enjoyed the visit despite the coins , he said .
A Reserve Bank spokeswoman said old coins could be exchanged for new ones at the Reserve Bank .
Retailers could choose to accept old coins , but in no circumstances should they be giving them as change .
Te Papa is investigating .
California Proposes First Renewable Energy Storage Requirements
March 2nd , 2010 by Susan Kraemer
Yesterday Attorney General Jerry Brown announced a completely new kind of renewable energy legislation , introduced by State Assembly member Nancy Skinner ( D ) – designed to add more renewable energy storage to the grid .
[ social_buttons ]
You ’ve heard of Renewable Energy Standards .
These are ( state level only , so far ) rules that require that electric utilities add more renewable energy every year , in the 24 states that have them .
Using the legislation , four Northeast States have been able to reduce their greenhouse gases on an EU scale – to below 1990 levels by contributing to the build - out of about 17 Gigawatts of renewable energy along with neighboring Canadian provinces .
Other states , Like Michigan , are on track to do so with elegant policy design that gets solar rooftops down to as little as $ 6,000 each .
Reducing greenhouse gas levels below 1990 levels simply takes replacing the dirty 19th century energy they used to have on the grid with more clean renewable 21st century energy .
That ’s what passing Renewable Energy Standards does : it forces utilities to replace old power plants that they have grandfathered in to evade Clean Air Act rules for the last 40 years , and add more low carbon electricity .
But California might be the first state to implement another necessity borne from adding more renewable energy to the grid : adding more storage for renewable energy .
In a sense , the storage industry will the equivalent of the 19th century railroad industry .
Railroads had to be built in order to cheaply bring coal to coal - fired 19th century power plants that were near the cities of those times , and even to stoke homeowners individual fireplaces .
Like the railroad , the storage industry will be a trillion dollar industry .
AB 2514 would require utilities to incorporate energy storage in their distribution networks .
The rules will mandate storage equal to 2.25 % of daytime peak power by 2014 and 5 % of daytime peak power by 2020 .
This bill will provide the first real boost to the renewable energy storage industry , as it secures a clean energy future for California .
To bring 2.25 % of peak demand in storage online , Jon Petersen estimates that ( with 135 MW a year of storage needed ) $ 200 million each year will need to be invested , along with the new jobs that all that new investment brings .
The legislation dovetails nicely not only with California ’s needs ( and the world ’s ) but it immediately amortizes the $ 620 million from the Obama Administration ’s advanced grid awards from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act ( ARRA ) invested by the newly energized Department of Energy in a variety of innovative new storage technologies .
Some examples :
For Baseload Wind Cheaper than Fossil Fuels
Storing Renewable Energy in Boxes of Air
Top ARPA - E Funding Goes to Renewable Storage in “ Liquid Battery ”
Metal - Air Battery With 11 Times the Energy at Half the Cost ?
Pump Hydro Underground to Store Wind Power
Storage is critical , because as PG&E ’s Jonathan Marshall told me “ There have been times that wind turbines at Tehachapi have actually had to be turned off at night , because power going into the grid causes damage if it ’s not used . ”
PG&E was awarded $ 25 million of that $ 620 million advanced grid funding .
California Gets Smart - Grid Funds to Bottle Wind .
The legislation will also tend to favor , and help along the implementation of those solar technologies that include storage , ( typically solar thermal using heliostats ) such as SolarReserve ; which has 7 hours of night time storage in salt .
Source : Jon Petersen at Seeking Alpha
More Cleantechnica from Susan Kraemer : Journalists on Twitter
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Today ’s problem is a small one with an easy fix .
The mystery is what causes it in the first place .
The symptom occurs when trying to open a folder in List View .
The problem was that double - clicking to open the folder did not work .
The folder did not open .
Nothing happened at all .
No error message appeared .
Nothing .
When this problem happened to me , it was restricted to one and only one folder .
It was an ordinary folder , one that I created myself and that I had permission to open .
All other folders on the drive worked fine .
Just in case this is relevant , you should know that the folder was a large one , containing more than 13GB of photos .
It gets worse .
After the folder fails to open , any further attempted action within the same window ( such as clicking to select another item ) fails to work as well .
It ’s as if the Mac is frozen while the cursor is within the window containing the problem folder .
Outside the confines of this window , the Mac behaves normally .
The work - around is simple .
All you need to do is close the window — such as by clicking its close box .
When you return to the window , all will be working again ( at least until you try to open the problem folder again ) .
This odd symptom was restricted to List view .
Even in List view , it happened only if I double - clicked the folder ( or selected Open from the File menu ) .
If I instead clicked the folder ’s disclosure triangle , the folder contents showed up as expected .
Similarly , if I shifted to any of the other window views ( Icons , Columns , Cover Flow ) , the folder instantly opened even with a double - click .
As I said , there is an easy and apparently permanent fix : Create a new empty folder .
Next , using any method that gets you access to the problem folder ’s contents , move the contents to the empty folder .
Double - clicking this new folder in List view works — even though it contains the former contents of the problem folder .
The now - empty problem folder continues to refuse to open .
However , you can deal with this by trashing the folder .
The only question that remains is :
What causes this folder quirk to appear ?
I checked Apple ’s Discussions forum and found a couple of threads reporting this symptom — but no one offered a cause .
When I checked the drive with Disk First Aid , everything was okay .
I examined the folder attributes in Terminal ; there was no difference between the problem folder and ones that opened .
I deleted the folder ’s invisible .DS_Store file ; this too had no effect .
Still , there is something special about the problem folder :
If I use Duplicate to create a copy of the folder , the copy inherits the symptom .
At this point , the cause remains unknown , at least to me .
If you think you know what ’s behind this bug , send me a message .
The first one I receive with the answer will win an “ I Helped the Help Desk ” mug .
The Liberal Democrats are on course to sharply increase their number of MPs , largely at Labour 's expense , a Guardian / ICM poll suggests today .
The unique ICM poll of voters in seats within the Lib Dems ' grasp suggests the party 's vote is climbing more strongly in Labour - held marginal seats than in Conservative ones .
The poll , carried out on Tuesday night , before the prime minister 's criticism of a voter in Lib Dem - held Rochdale as " bigoted " , shows that Labour and the Conservatives may lose seats to the Lib Dems .
Nick Clegg can hope to increase his number of MPs to at least 80 ; 17 more than the party won in 2005 and the largest at any election since 1923 .
In the 42 seats in which the party came second in 2005 and which it could take on a swing of 6 % or less , Lib Dem support is now 39 % .
That is four points ahead of the Conservatives on 35 % and 21 points ahead of Labour , on 18 % .
Since most key Lib Dem targets are Tory - held , and have often had a low Labour vote , that 18 % share is less dramatic than it appears .
Compared with 2005 results – estimated on new boundaries – Labour 's vote has dropped five points from 23 % , in Lib Dem target marginals .
Meanwhile , the Conservatives have dropped only one point , from a 2005 score of 36 % .
The Lib Dem vote has risen by four points to 39 % .
That represents an average 2.5 % swing from Conservative to Liberal Democrat .
That is within the margin of error and lower than the swing suggested by national polls .
But it is enough , in theory , to deprive Oliver Letwin , the author of the Conservative manifesto , of his Dorset West seat .
On today 's results the Lib Dems could hope to win some seats , such as St Albans , from third place .
ICM did not poll voters in seats where the Lib Dems came third in 2005 .
A Lib Dem advance on this scale would badly undermine David Cameron 's hopes of getting a majority .
But there are reasons for Tory optimism in the scale of the Lib Dem advance against Labour .
On the average swing suggested by today 's poll , five Labour seats would elect Liberal Democrats .
They include Islington South and Finsbury , Edinburgh South and Watford .
The Lib Dems also look certain to pick up Oxford East , held by the former Labour cabinet minister Andrew Smith – although it is already nominally Lib Dem held after boundary changes and so has not been polled for today 's figures .
Crucially , there are strong signs in the results that the Lib Dems will also win many other Labour seats .
The sample size in Labour - Lib Dem marginals is small and needs to be treated with extreme caution .
But there is evidence that the swing away from Labour in Lab - Lib Dem marginals may be as much as 8 % , while there is no discernible swing from the Conservatives in Con-Lib Dem battles .
If that is right , then the Lib Dems could expect to pick up all 16 seats where they came second to Labour in 2005 and could gain on a swing of 6 % or less .
They would also expect to win several seats , such as Colne Valley , from third place , leapfrogging the Conservatives .
They may also be able to squeeze the Labour vote in Con -Lib marginals to pick up seats even in places where the Tory vote is firm .
• ICM Research interviewed a random sample of 1020 adults aged 18 + by telephone on 27 April 2010 .
Interviews were conducted in the 42 top Liberal Democrat target seats according to UKPollingReport.co.uk , where the Liberal Democrats need a swing of between 0 % and 6 % to win from current holder .
ICM is a member of the British Polling Council and abides by its rules .
Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm is making $ 20 million in federal stimulus funds available to Michigan manufacturers who want to diversify , retool , and create jobs in clean energy .
Granholm announced the Recovery Act funding Wednesday at the Michigan Wind Energy Conference in Detroit .
The governor said that Michigan companies can compete for $ 15 million in grants and $ 5 million in loans through the Clean Energy Advanced Manufacturing initiative funded by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 .
The Michigan Department of Energy , Labor , and Economic Growth , which plans to formally ask for proposals on Friday , said that any small - or medium - size business can apply .
Companies working on renewable energy systems and components have until May 7 to apply .
Those working on energy efficiency manufacturing can have until May 21 .
This is the second round of funding for the program .
In December , five Michigan companies were awarded shares of $ 15 million in the first round of Recovery Act - funded clean energy grants .
Those companies were :
Astraeus Wind Energy : $ 7 million for the Eaton Rapids , MI , company to manufacture advanced - composite wind turbine blades and hub - related components .
$ 7 million for the Eaton Rapids , MI , company to manufacture advanced - composite wind turbine blades and hub - related components .
Energetx Composites : $ 3.5 million for the Holland , MI , company to manufacture advanced - composite wind turbine blades .
$ 3.5 million for the Holland , MI , company to manufacture advanced - composite wind turbine blades .
Loc Performance Products : $ 1.5 million for the Plymouth , MI , company to manufacture planetary gears and gearboxes for utility - scale wind turbines .
$ 1.5 million for the Plymouth , MI , company to manufacture planetary gears and gearboxes for utility - scale wind turbines .
LUMA Resources : $ 500,000 for the Rochester Hills , MI , company to make products for the residential solar energy market .
$ 500,000 for the Rochester Hills , MI , company to make products for the residential solar energy market .
Merrill Technologies Group : $ 3 million for the Saginaw , MI , company to manufacture advanced - composit wind turbine blades and components .
“ The companies initially funded under this program have put their Recovery Act funds to good use , leveraging private sector dollars and aggressively moving into high - growth renewable energy industries , ” Granholm said in a prepared statement .
Companies interested in applying can visit Michigan ’s Bureau of Energy Systems ’ website or call 517-241-6228 .
Trending on Xconomy
Top Bottom Last Post buddy
moderator Male , 40 - 49
Western US
Joined : 19 yrs , 3 mos ago
25,153 Posts
He 's just too cool for words .
Koto Female , 18- 29
Southern US
Joined : 14 yrs , 11 mos ago
3,971 Posts I am just amazed that the motorcycle drives in such a straight line at high speeds .
hamletsghost Female , 30 - 39
Australia / NZ
Joined : 11 yrs , 4 mos ago
46,372 Posts
I am just amazed that the motorcycle drives in such a straight line at high speeds .
Me too - I would have thought he'd at least have to steer
Me too - I would have thought he'd at least have to steer Isthiezak Male , 18 - 29
Asia
Joined : 15 yrs , 6 mos ago
15,814 Posts
I am just amazed that the motorcycle drives in such a straight line at high speeds .
That 's how bicycles / motorcycles work .
The movement of the wheels forces the bike upright .
The faster you go , the harder it is to steer .
That 's how bicycles / motorcycles work .
The movement of the wheels forces the bike upright .
The faster you go , the harder it is to steer .
Matthias Male , 50 - 59
Europe
Joined : 18 yrs , 11 mos ago
39,035 Posts
He really seems to trust in good Chinese road conditions ... arson24 Male , 18 - 29
Canada
Joined : 10 yrs , 5 mos ago
108 Posts
I am just amazed that the motorcycle drives in such a straight line at high speeds .
That 's how bicycles / motorcycles work .
The movement of the wheels forces the bike upright .
The faster you go , the harder it is to steer .
ya but does he have auto piloet ??
he does not have his hands on the gas at all !
ya but does he have auto piloet ??
he does not have his hands on the gas at all !
buddy
moderator Male , 40 - 49
Western US
Joined : 19 yrs , 3 mos ago
25,153 Posts
Must be cruise control .
Top
MMX code generation in Visual C++ 2010 Express
After installing Visual C++ 2010
Express , I decided to try MMX code generation on a whim :
#include < emmintrin.h >
double ComputeVariance ( const unsigned char * samples , int quads ) { __m64 zero = _mm_setzero_si64 ( ) ; __m64 one = _mm_set1_pi16(1 ) ; __m64 sum = zero ; __m64 sumsq = zero ;
for ( int i=0 ; i<quads ; ++i ) { int raw = *( int *) samples ; samples += 4 ; __m64 p = _m_punpcklbw(_m_from_int( raw ) , zero ) ; __m64 x = _m_pmaddwd( p , one ) ; __m64 x2 = _m_pmaddwd( p , p ) ; sum = _m_paddd ( sum , x ) ; sumsq = _m_paddd ( sumsq , x2 ) ; }
unsigned int isum = _m_to_int(_m_paddd(_m_psrlqi(sum , 32 ) , sum ) ) ; unsigned int isumsq = _m_to_int(_m_paddd(_m_psrlqi(sumsq , 32 ) , sumsq ) ) ;
_mm_empty ( ) ;
double n = ( double ) quads * 4 ; double fsum = ( double ) isum ; double fsumsq = ( double ) isumsq ; return ( n* fsumsq - fsum*fsum ) / ( n * ( n - 1 ) ) ; }
This routine uses MMX intrinsics to compute the variance of a series of samples , stored as unsigned bytes .
SSE intrinsics got some attention in the VS2010 compiler , but MMX intrinsics have long been the neglected stepchild and I had n't heard anything about them .
Well , let 's look at the disassembly :
VS2008 SP1 ( VC9 ) VS2010 ( VC10 ) 00 : push ebp 01 : mov ebp , esp 03 : and esp,0FFFFFFF8h 06 : mov edx , dword ptr [ ebp+0 Ch ] 09 : pxor mm3,mm3 0C : mov eax , 1 11 : movd mm0 , eax 14 : movq mm1, mm0 17 : punpcklwd mm1,mm0 1A : movq mm0 , mm1 1D : punpcklwd mm1, mm0 20 : sub esp,8 23 : movq mm4, mm1 26 : movq mm1, mm3 29 : movq mm2,mm3 2C : test edx , edx 2E : jle 0000005B 30 : mov ecx , dword ptr [ ebp+8 ] 33 : mov eax , dword ptr [ ecx ] 35 : movq mm5 , mm3 38 : movd mm0 , eax 3B : punpcklbw mm0, mm5 3E : movq mm5 , mm0 41 : movq mm6 , mm4 44 : pmaddwd mm5, mm6 47 : paddd mm1, mm5 4A : add ecx, 4 4D : sub edx,1 50 : movq mm5 , mm0 53 : pmaddwd mm5, mm0 56 : paddd mm2, mm5 59 : jne 00000033 5B : movq mm0, mm1 5E : psrlq mm0,20h 62 : paddd mm0 , mm1 65 : movd eax , mm0 68 : movq mm0 , mm2 6B : psrlq mm0,20h 6 F : paddd mm0 , mm2 72 : movd ecx , mm0 75 : emms 77 : fild dword ptr [ ebp+0 Ch ] 7A : mov dword ptr [ esp+4 ] , eax 7E : fmul qword ptr [ __real@4010000000000000 ] 84 : fild dword ptr [ esp +4 ] 88 : test eax , eax 8A : jge 00000092 8C : fadd qword ptr [ __real@41f0000000000000 ] 92 : mov dword ptr [ esp+4 ] , ecx 96 : fild dword ptr [ esp +4 ]
9A : test ecx , ecx 9C : jge 000000A4 9E : fadd qword ptr [ __real@41f0000000000000 ]
A4 : fmul st , st ( 2 ) A6 : fld st ( 1 ) A8 : fmulp st ( 2 ) , st AA : fsubrp st ( 1 ) , st AC : fld st(1 ) AE : fsub qword ptr [ __real@3ff0000000000000 ]
B4 : fmulp st ( 2 ) , st B6 : fdivrp st ( 1 ) , st B8 : mov esp , ebp BA : pop ebp BB : ret
00 : mov edx , dword ptr [ esp+8 ] 04 : pxor mm3, mm3 07 : mov eax , 1 0C : movd mm0,eax
0 F : punpcklwd mm0,mm0
12 : punpcklwd mm0,mm0
15 : movq mm4 , mm0 18 : movq mm1,mm3 1B : movq mm2,mm3 1E : test edx , edx 20 : jle 00000046
22 : mov ecx , dword ptr [ esp+4 ] 26 : mov eax , dword ptr [ ecx ]
28 : movd mm0 , eax 2B : punpcklbw mm0,mm3 2E : movq mm5,mm0
31 : pmaddwd mm5, mm4 34 : paddd mm1, mm5 37 : add ecx, 4 3A : dec edx 3B : movq mm5, mm0 3E : pmaddwd mm5, mm0 41 : paddd mm2,mm5 44 : jne 00000026
46 : movq mm0 , mm1 49 : psrlq mm0,20h 4D : paddd mm0 , mm1 50 : movd eax , mm0 53 : movq mm0 , mm2 56 : psrlq mm0,20h 5A : paddd mm0 , mm2 5D : movd ecx , mm0 60 : emms 62 : fild dword ptr [ esp+8 ] 66 : mov dword ptr [ esp+8 ] , eax 6A : fmul qword ptr [ __real@4010000000000000 ] 70 : fild dword ptr [ esp +8 ] 74 : test eax , eax 76 : jns 0000007E 78 : fadd qword ptr [ __real@41f0000000000000 ] 7E : mov dword ptr [ esp+8 ] , ecx 82 : fild dword ptr [ esp+8 ] 86 : test ecx , ecx 88 : jns 00000090 8A : fadd qword ptr [ __real@41f0000000000000 ] 90 : fmul st , st ( 2 ) 92 : fld st( 1 ) 94 : fmulp st ( 2 ) , st 96 : fsubrp st ( 1 ) , st 98 : fld st(1 ) 9A : fsub qword ptr [ __real@3ff0000000000000 ]
A0 : fmulp st ( 2 ) , st A2 : fdivrp st ( 1 ) ,
st
A4 : ret
The inner loop is highlighted in red .
The first thing I 'll point out is that the code is correct ; MMX intrinsics were troublesome in VC7.1 because the compiler had a tendency to hoist floating - point operations above calls to _mm_empty ( ) , which fortunately has long been fixed .
I 've omitted the disassembly for VS2005 SP1 because it 's nearly the same as VS2008 SP1 , except for a couple of very minor differences like add eax , 1 vs. inc eax .
One immediately noticeable difference is that the VS2010 compiler ( VC10 ) generated smaller code than the VS2008 SP1 ( VC9 ) , ~ 13 % shorter .
Digging into the details , we can see that :
VC9 emitted an unnecessary aligned stack frame , which VC10 was able to avoid .
VC10 is better at copy propagation in MMX registers and generated fewer useless moves , although it still emitted one ( offset 3B ) .
This is a bit of a nice surprise , given that I had n't expected any improvement in MMX code generation at all .
The reduction in code size is also accompanied by a slight increase in execution speed , which I measure at 2412 clocks vs. 2537 clocks for a 2 K block on my 45nm Core 2 . 5 % is n't much , but I 'll take it .
Unfortunately , although the SSE set intrinsics have been improved , the MMX intrinsics have n't , and the compiler still emits a bunch of code to compute the ( 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 ) vector instead of computing the final value .
The compiler is also still unable to emit a direct 32 - bit load , always preferring to bounce through GPRs .
That is the main problem I 've had with the VC ++ implementation of MMX / SSE2 intrinsics , as I work a lot with 32 - bit pixels .
I did check SSE2 code generation as well , and the differences there are fewer .
VC8/9 already had improvements in SSE copy propagation , so no advantage there .
However , VC10 still pulls ahead due to omitting the aligned stack frame and much better code generation for the set intrinsics .
This means that entry / initialization code will tend to benefit a lot more than inner loops .
( I can no longer use _mm_set_epi8 ( ) as my poster child for bad code generation ; it was my favorite as it generated 18 instructions in VC8 and 74 instructions in VC9 .
VC10 generates a single instruction with constant input . )
It 's nice to see improvement in intrinsics support , but after all this time , I still do n't like intrinsics that much .
I 've warmed up to them a bit , though , since my tolerance for fiddling with manual register allocation is not quite what it used to be and they 're handy for prototyping .
My wish list :
Months ago , I started to take care of a forgotten piece of KDE , kde - bluetooth .
After a lot of work and an almost clean the bugtrack of bugs , I 'm proud to announce KBluetooth 0.4 !
These are the highlights :
The official name is now " KBluetooth " .
A lot of crashes have been fixed , KBluetooth should not crash now .
File transfer ( send / receive ) reported to work for everybody with any kind of device .
Improved the input pairing ( Almost all devices working ) .
Huge improvements in the UI .
Known problems :
The speed in notifications is not accurate nor working right
Notes for packagers :
Since the first RC , I only had fixed BUGS , and almost every commit since then contains an atomic fix , so please upgrade to the 0.4 final or apply the patches yourself , but do not get stuck in the previous RC's , doing that you 'll waste the time of your bugtracker people , as well of kde bugtracker crew and mine .
A tag has been created in tags / kbluetooth / 0.4
Note for users :
Ask to your distribution for the final 0.4 version of KBluetooth , the only and original one :) !
In the next days , I 'll write a series of entries about KBluetooth , the list is not final tough :
Review of KBluetooth 0.4
Collaborate with KBluetooth ( Developers and users )
Short term future , KBluetooth 0.5
KDE + Bluetooth future
Finally :
http://kde-apps.org/content/show.php/kbluetooth?content=112110
Transcript :
Alice : I was sleewalking last night ?
Mom : Yup !
You ran up and down the hall growling .
Alice : Wow !
Mom :
Petey used to sleepwalk when he was your age .
He'd go in his closet and try to climb into his pants while they were on the hanger .
Petey : Narcotrouseramblia .
Einstein did it till he was 26 .
The Jonathan Ayers story was already outrageous enough .
Last September , Ayers , a 28 - year - old Baptist pastor from Lavonia , Georgia , was gunned down by a North Georgia narcotics task force in the parking lot of a gas station .
Ayers had not been a suspect in any drug investigation .
And even today , police acknowledge he was not using or trafficking in illicit drugs .
Instead , Ayers had either been ministering to or having an affair with ( depending on whom you believe ) Johanna Kayla Jones Barrett , the actual target of the investigation .
Ayers is yet more collateral damage in the boundlessly tragic and wasteful drug war , as are his widowed wife Abigail and the child she was carrying at the time of his death .
But that 's really only the beginning of this mess .
In a lawsuit filed last week , Abigail Ayers makes some astonishing new allegations about the competence of the police officers who killed her husband , the supervisors who hired them , and the law enforcement agencies and the grand jury that investigated Ayers ' death .
Most damning :
The police officer who killed Ayers was n't even authorized to be carrying a gun or a badge .
Hours before Ayers was killed , police say Johanna Barrett sold undercover officer Chance Oxner $ 50 worth of crack cocaine .
According to an interview Barrett gave to the North Georgian newspaper shortly after Ayers ' death , the pastor had seen her walking near a gas station on her way back to an extended - stay motel where she was living with her boyfriend .
Ayers , who had known Barrett for a number of years , offered her a ride back to the motel and gave her the money in his pocket , $ 23 , to help pay her rent .
The police were trailing Barrett at the time .
But instead of apprehending her at the motel , they instead followed Ayers , the stranger they 'd just seen give her a ride and hand her some cash .
Ayers then pulled into a nearby gas station to withdraw money from an ATM .
Shortly after he got back into his car , a black Escalade tore into the parking lot .
Three officers , all undercover , got out of the vehicle and pointed their guns at Ayers .
The pastor , understandably , attempted to escape .
As he pulled out of the station , Ayers grazed Officer Oxner with his car .
Officer Billy Shane Harrison then opened fire , shooting Ayers in the stomach .
( You can watch surveillance video of the altercation here . )
Ayers continued to drive , fleeing the parking lot for about a thousand yards before eventually crashing his car .
He died at the hospital .
Ayers ' last words to his family and medical staff were that he thought he was being robbed .
The police found no illicit drugs in his car , and there was no trace of any illegal substance in his body .
If the story ended there , it would merely be enough to boil your blood .
These officers jumped from an SUV waving their guns commando - style over a possible $ 50 drug transaction .
Worse , the man they pounced upon was n't the target of their investigation .
The police claimed they announced themselves , but it is n't difficult to see how Ayers — or anyone else — might have been confused in the commotion .
It was a hot , late summer Georgia afternoon .
Ayers likely had his windows up and his air conditioning on .
The officers were undercover , dressed in shabby clothes and ski-mask caps .
The badges they had hanging from their necks , seen in this photo , were far from conspicuous .
Let 's say that you ( which would include 99 percent of the people reading this ) are n't a drug dealer , or a mobster , or some other sort of career criminal .
You 've just returned to your car after getting cash from an ATM .
An unmarked Escalade pulls up and three men jump out in masks and guns .
Confusion and self - preservation is not only understandable , it ought to be predictable , even expected .
This would have been a grossly disproportionate way for these cops to have approached Barrett , their actual suspect , much less a guy they sought to question only about the 10 minutes he'd just spent in the car with her .
The Stephens County , Georgia Sheriff 's Department initially said Ayers was a drug suspect , but later had to retract .
In her September interview with the North Georgian , Barrett told the paper that Ayers had been trying to help kick her drug habit , but later , while facing charges related to both the Ayers case and another incident , she told investigators that Ayers had in previous years paid her for sex .
This testimony persuaded the grand jury not to indict the officers who killed Ayers .
The pastor may have fled the police , the grand jury concluded , because he feared his reputation would be ruined if his relationship with Barrett were exposed .
District Attorney Brian Rickman praised the Georgia Bureau of Investigation for going to " very extraordinary lengths " to insure the investigation into the shooting was fair .
But Abigail Ayers ' civil suit ( PDF ) calls that assessment into question .
The complaint alleges that Officer Harrison , the cop who shot Ayers , was n't even authorized to arrest him .
On the day Ayers was killed , Harrison had yet to take a series of firearms training classes required for his certification as a police officer .
More astonishing , Harrison apparently had no training at all in the use of lethal force .
These allegations have since been confirmed by local TV station WSBTV and , after the fact , by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation .
Despite the fact that Harrison had killed a man suspected of no crime months earlier without having undergone lethal - force training and certification , the officer was still carrying his badge and gun up until the time of the WSBTV report .
Once the publicity hit , Harrison was suspended .
Abigail Ayers ' civil suit also alleges prior disciplinary problems with both officers Oxner and Harrison , including alleged drug use .
The wasteful use of public resources to pursue a petty drug offender and the aggressive and short - sighted apprehension of Jonathan Ayers that led to his death are bad enough .
That a police officer untrained in the use of lethal force and unqualified to be holding a badge and gun was put on a narcotics task force , and then placed in a position where he was able to shoot and kill a non-suspect is worse .
But the kicker has to be that the subsequent police - led investigations of this high - profile case failed to turn up such a critical piece of information .
It ought to cast more doubt on the already dubious notion that police shootings should only be investigated by other police officers .
At the heart of this outrage , though , once again , is our increasingly demented , hysterical , all - too - literal drug war .
Until we 're ready to dispense with the notion that gun-toting cops in ski masks going commando at a public gas station is an appropriate response to an alleged $ 50 drug transaction , we 're going to see a lot more Jonathan Ayerses .
Radley Balko is a senior editor at Reason magazine .
EFF has posted documents shedding light on how law enforcement agencies use social networking sites to gather information in investigations .
The records , obtained from the Internal Revenue Service and Department of Justice Criminal Division , are the first in a series of documents that will be released through a Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) case that EFF filed with the help of the UC Berkeley Samuelson Clinic .
One of the most interesting files is a 2009 training course that describes how IRS employees may use various Internet tools -- including social networking sites and Google Street View -- to investigate taxpayers .
The IRS should be commended for its detailed training that clearly prohibits employees from using deception or fake social networking accounts to obtain information .
Its policies generally limit employees to using publicly available information .
The good example set by the IRS is in stark contrast to the U.S. Marshalls and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives .
Neither organization found any documents on social networking sites in response to EFF 's request suggesting they do not have any written policies or restrictions upon the use of these websites .
The documents released by the IRS also include excerpts from the Internal Revenue Manual explaining that employees are n't allowed to use government computers to access social networking sites for personal communication , and cautioning them to be careful to avoid any appearance that they 're speaking on behalf of the IRS when making personal use of social media .
The Justice Department released a presentation entitled " Obtaining and Using Evidence from Social Networking Sites . "
The slides , which were prepared by two lawyers from the agency 's Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section , detail several social media companies ' data retention practices and responses to law enforcement requests .
The presentation notes that Facebook was “ often cooperative with emergency requests ” while complaining about Twitter ’s short data retention policies and refusal to preserve data without legal process .
The presentation also touches on use of social media for undercover operations .
Over the next few months , EFF will be getting more documents from several law enforcement and intelligence agencies concerning their use of social networking sites for investigative purposes .
We 'll post those files here as they arrive .
HOBO : What took you so long in the vet office ?
MITTENS : Disposing of some leftover Alka - Seltzer tablets .
NURSE : Doctor , what should we do ?
All the animals have rabies !
VET : The horror ... the horror ...
NURSE : Oh my God !
One of the hamsters is so rabid that it just exploded !
VET : Burn it down .
Let it burn , and salt the earth .
Client : “ Can you have these wireframes done by tomorrow ? ”
Me : “ Possibly .
Can you please send me a list of the functionality required for this site ? ”
Client : “ Sure :
Dashboard
Comments / What are you doing ?
Inbox / Outbox / Sent Items
Post News
Files Repository
Pictures
Tasks Manager / Reminders ( e- mail reminders )
Calendar ( Birthdays , Trips )
Work
Play / Hobbies
Dating
Health
Tickets ( for friends / families )
News Feed
Contact Info : Mobile / Home / Work , etc .
Employer
Facebook Connect
LinkedIn Connect
See who ’s viewing you in real time ….
Chat
Settings
Time Zone
Report a Bug / Suggestion
Twitter Connect
Auto - Reply / Auto - Away Message
Family / Friends List ( notes/send-email )
Education Profile
Mint.com Aggregator ( Financials )
Health / Beauty
Evite.com
Insurance ( Auto / Medical / Home / Renter ’s , etc )
Weather ( Current / Remote )
LogMeIn ( Control your other computers )
Repositories ( throw anything in here … and create additional folders )
Music ( Upload Your Music Files )
Organize Your Documents ( scans/passports/etc )
send resumes , etc .
User Names / Password Keys Organizer
Videos : Link , Upload , Share - via YouTube functionality
Bills Due ( activate with link / pw’s )
Google / Yahoo / Bing Search
Movies ( what did you watch , where did you watch it , how do you rate it 1 - 10 , and tell us why you think it was awesome - in a few sentences … )
PDF Converter
Accounting
Blast Text out to Friends / Families
Antivirus / Malware Scan
Articulize Yourself ( write updates on yourself in article format … )
TXT Reminders
Pet Vaccines Schedule / Certificate
Document Sharing
Schedule / Calendar Sharing / Group
Professor Schedule / Office Hours
bus schedule
university changes updates
birthdays / parties of colleagues
Reviews of Books / Txtbooks
Book Auctions / Repository
Online Coupons
local restaurants / bars
RA / Dorm Schedule
Univ .
Clubs nearby
sports team
schedules games
exam schedule / midterms
job firms / hiring / research on companies
job hunting / co-op / summer internships
Class Schedule
Student ID #
POP3 Integration
Rent Due
Taxes , etc .
Scoreboards for fav teams
Groups
Work Documents
Travel Schedule
Flight Status / on Time
Carrier Points Programs
Book Clubs / Restaurant Clubs / Groups
Cell Phone List / Contacts
Built - In Dictionary
School Medical Clinic
Games
gym schedule
‘ Homework Reminders ’ , essay reminders
Menstruation tracker so you can see if you ’re late for your period ”
The debate over religion 's place in science fiction still rages on the Internet , and two new blog posts take very different stances on the matter .
Over at Tor.com , Teresa Jusino posts that good science fiction acknowledges the place of religion in our lives , and even accepts that people of faith could have valid opinions about unexplained phenomena :
I tend to be drawn to science fiction that acknowledges that spirituality and belief in a higher power not only has a right to exist , as most sci- fi is about tolerance to some extent , but that it might even * gasp * compete with , or be worthy of standing alongside , science .
I appreciate science fiction where characters that have spiritual beliefs are n't looked down upon as if they do n't know any better , as if they need only see the light of scientific truth to be truly enlightened ( which in itself seems dogmatic ) .
Advertisement
( And click through for her great discussion of how different media science - fiction stories handle godlike entities and apparently supernatural phenomena , from Star Trek : Deep Space Nine to Star Wars . )
For a more fire - breathing viewpoint , however , click over to WayOfLife.org for a discussion entitled " Beware Of Science Fiction , " which paints SF as inherently anti-religious .
Science fiction takes the reader into a strange world without God .
Oh , there might be " a god , " a " force , " but it is definitely not the God of the Bible , and the prominent names in this field are atheists ...
Science fiction is intimately associated with Darwinian evolution .
Sagan and Asimov , for example , were prominent evolutionary scientists .
Sci -fi arose in the late 19th and early 20th century as a product of an evolutionary worldview that denies the Almighty Creator .
In fact , evolution IS the pre-eminent science fiction .
Beware !
Advertisement
Not surprisingly , this post has been seized on by atheists at RichardDawkins .
net and elsewhere , who mock it but also seem to concede the author 's essential point — that science fiction embraces a materialistic , empiricist view of the universe that 's incompatible with traditional religion .
All in all , it leaves you wishing more people were reading the Tor.com post and fewer were looking at the WayOfLife post .
Strain Name : Hong Kong Star
Grade : A-
Type : Hybrid
Genetics : Sensi Star x Unknown
Looks :
The buds are dry , and a medium density , some are denser than others .
Some of the buds have some leaf material on them ,
The pistil coverage is n’t all that extensive , and the pistils are milk chocolatey brown , and clustered around the buds .
The buds are a grassy green with nice trichome coverage on the calyx’s .
Smell :
An unbroken bud held to my nose had a nice cocoa smell , but when I stuck my nose in the jar I was punched in the face by charcoal lighter fluid , which oddly enough reminded me up summers grilling !
The broken buds smelled completely different and I really picked up hints of diesel and lighter fluid .
The ground bud also had a strong astringent smell , which was borderline citrus ( very thin borderline ) with a pungent sweetness that really seems to come out of nowhere .
Taste :
The taste is very harsh and hashy .
No sweetness at all which I was hoping for after smelling the broken up bud .
The taste is n’t nearly as impressive as the smell , which really intrigued me !
I do taste diesel a little which makes me think the sensi star was crossed with some kind of diesel , but I ’m not 100 % on that .
Effects :
This smoke expands a lot in the lungs , so be careful !
The effects settle in fairly quickly as far as effects go … and within 5 - 10 minutes you start to feel it at the base of your brain ( and right behind the eyes ) and it melts into your body .
These effects are strong body effects , which is from the strong indica in the sensi star .
My eyelids are drooping and it took me far to long to write this report …
Potency : 2 - 3hrs
I can see this one putting you to sleep , so do n’t smoke it for your morning ailments .
Reviewed by : Sherio88
Voicing concerns that Americans are losing their connection with nature -- and that natural areas are falling victim to sprawl and pollution -- the Obama administration is inviting hundreds of sportsmen , environmentalists and other champions of the outdoors to Washington next month for a summit on conservation .
The White House Conference on America ’s Great Outdoors , on April 16 , will focus on how to conserve the land with a focus on local leadership , as opposed to a heavy federal government role , administration officials announced Friday .
Under President Obama ’s vision for a “ 21st century conservation agenda , ” the federal government would bring together cities , states , tribes and nongovernmental organizations working on conservation efforts , and encourage families to spend more time outdoors , officials said .
The conference follows the trail of presidential conservation summits dating back to Theodore Roosevelt , and most recently held by Presidents Clinton and George W. Bush .
It comes when Obama , like so many of his predecessors , is struggling to balance competing pressures on public land from hunters and anglers , green groups and industry .
Oil and gas companies have criticized Obama ’s Interior Department for revoking some drilling leases -- many of them near national parks -- issued under Bush .
Congressional Republicans have accused Interior Secretary Ken Salazar of pushing to “ lock up ” swaths of federal land in the West , after the public release of a department document suggesting possible sites for new national monuments .
Salazar has defended the revoked leases and dismissed the monument document as an early draft , assuring Western lawmakers that the administration wo n’t declare new monuments without public input .
Sport fishing groups , fueled by Internet rumors , have said in recent weeks that the administration could be preparing new restrictions on recreational fishing -- assertions that the White House and fisheries officials deny emphatically .
Even environmentalists , while largely pleased with the administration ’s stance on public lands , have said that Obama has not gone far enough to block mountaintop coal mining .
An administration official said the Great Outdoors conference is aimed , in large part , at alleviating fears of the federal government locking up land unilaterally .
“ This conference is about starting a conversation about conservation in America , ” the official said , speaking on condition of anonymity because the summit had not officially been announced , “ and about learning more about what local communities , tribes and stakeholders are doing to protect the places they love . ”
jtankersley@latimes.com
BANGKOK ( Reuters ) -
Thai protesters stormed a satellite station on Friday , overrunning an army barricade and forcing their TV channel back on air in the first major confrontation in a three - day state of emergency .
Security forces fired water cannon and tear gas to disperse thousands of protesters who climbed over rolls of barbed wire and forced open the gate of the compound , holding it for about three hours in defiance of an emergency decree on the 27th day of anti-government street protests seeking new elections .
Most of the soldiers pulled back from the Thaicom Pcl satellite station about 60 km ( 35 miles ) north of Bangkok , leaving the grounds in control of the “ red shirts ” protesters , supporters of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra who was ousted in a military coup in 2006 .
Authorities entered the station a day earlier and seized equipment that took their People Channel off air , saying it was inciting violence .
Other channels were not affected .
The broadcasts resumed after talks between police and protest leaders , prompting the crowd to disperse .
But it was not immediately clear how long the broadcasts would stay on .
The government has said the channel incites violence .
“ We have won a small victory , getting the protest broadcast again .
But we are still fighting the big battle against the government , propped by the elite , ” Weng Tojirakan , a protest leader , told Reuters .
He said the red shirts had no immediate plan to march anywhere else .
“ We will have to meet and discuss how to step up the fight . ”
The protesters , who briefly besieged parliament on Wednesday , seized guns , batons , shields , bullets and tear - gas cannon from police and soldiers and displayed them at the station .
A Reuters photographer earlier saw a policeman hitting a protester with the end of a rifle in the commotion .
Fourteen protesters , three police and a soldier were wounded , a medical center said .
One red shirt suffered a gunshot wound , most likely from a rubber bullet .
Others had minor scrapes .
THAI MARKETS REBOUND
Many investors doubt even a violent impasse will derail a rebound in Southeast Asia ’s second - biggest economy and one of the world ’s fastest - rebounding emerging markets .
Thai stocks are up 76 percent over the past 12 months , Asia ’s third - best performer .
“ We are not so concerned about the political situation in Thailand , ” high - profile emerging market investor Mark Mobius , executive chairman of Templeton Asset Management Ltd in San Mateo , California , told Reuters .
Frequent protests , violent riots , airport blockades and three changes in government in the past 19 months have dented consumer spending , economists say , but the prospect of prolonged strife is already priced into Thailand ’s relatively cheap stock prices .
Slideshow ( 16 images )
Despite the latest escalation of a five - year political crisis , foreigners bought $ 1.8 billion in Thai stocks between February 22 and Wednesday , often citing Thailand ’s relatively low stock valuations and robust economic rebound .
Even if Thailand faces new elections -- and more protests -- few expect a big shift in fiscal and monetary policies .
Five out of six economists surveyed by Reuters this week said they expected an interest rise in June regardless of the latest unrest , the same prediction they have made for several months .
“ We have been investing in Thailand for almost 15 years or more .
And we think that this kind of change in the Thai political environment has happened many times before , ” Mobius said .
Slideshow ( 16 images )
The stock market ended up 0.7 percent on Friday .
The local baht currency also recovered from early weakness .
NO CRACKDOWN
Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva had said he will not order a crackdown on the mostly rural and working - class protesters who have also ignored orders to leave Bangkok ’s main shopping district since Saturday .
Abhisit faces pressure to either compromise and call an election he could easily lose , or launch a crackdown that could stir up even more trouble .
Most analysts doubt the authorities will use force to remove protesters from the shopping area -- a politically risky decision for Abhisit as his 16 - month - old coalition government struggles to build support outside Bangkok .
Thousands of protesters remained at their main encampment near the upmarket department stores as hundreds of police entered police headquarters nearby .
The reinforcement agitated some protesters who went to block gates of the police headquarters .
Protesters were dancing and singing to live music as night fell .
Others were shopping for “ red shirt ” souvenirs or gathering in small groups for dinner at roadside stalls while protest leaders took turns to make fiery speeches on stage .
“ A crackdown is very unlikely in the next few days unless some group does something crazy , like a serious bomb attack or an attempted attack on important figures , ” a senior military source , who declined to be identified , told Reuters .
Much of Bangkok was calm and life went on as normal .
But two of Bangkok ’s biggest shopping plazas remained shut by the protests after closing on April 3 .
Applications and bundled libraries
LWN .net needs you !
Without subscribers , LWN would simply not exist .
Please consider signing up for a subscription and helping to keep LWN publishing
Package installation for Linux distributions has traditionally separated libraries and application binaries into different packages , so that only one version of a library would be installed and it would be shared by applications that use it .
Other operating systems ( e.g. Windows , MacOS X ) often bundle a particular version of a library with each application , which can lead to many copies and versions of the same library co-existing on the system .
While each model has its advocates , the Linux method is seen by many as superior because a security fix in a particular commonly - used library does n't require updating multiple different applications — not to mention the space savings .
But , it would seem that both Mozilla and Google may be causing distributions to switch to library - bundling mode in order to support the Firefox and Chromium web browsers .
One of the problems that distributions have run into when packaging Chromium — the free software version of Google 's Chrome browser — is that it includes code for multiple , forked libraries .
As Fedora engineering manager Tom " spot " Callaway put it : " Google is forking existing FOSS code bits for Chromium like a rabbit makes babies : frequently , and usually , without much thought . "
For distributions like Fedora , with a " No Bundled Libraries " policy , that makes it very difficult to include Chromium .
But it 's not just Chromium .
Mozilla is moving to a different release model , which may necessitate distribution changes .
The idea is to include feature upgrades as part of minor releases — many of which are done to fix security flaws — which would come out every 4 - 6 weeks or so .
Major releases would be done at roughly six - month intervals and older major releases would stop being supported soon after a subsequent release .
Though the plan is controversial — particularly merging security and features into the minor releases — it may work well for Mozilla , and the bulk of Mozilla 's users who are on Windows .
Linux distributions often extend support well beyond six - months or a year , though .
While Mozilla is still supporting a particular release , that 's easy to do , but once Mozilla stops that support , it becomes more difficult .
Distributions have typically backported security fixes from newer Firefox versions into the versions that they shipped , but as Mozilla moves to a shorter support window that gets harder to do .
Backporting may also run afoul of the Mozilla trademark guidelines — something that led Debian to create " Iceweasel " .
The alternative , updating Firefox to the most recent version , has its own set of problems .
A new version of Mozilla is likely to use updated libraries , different from those that the other packages in the distribution use .
Depending on the library change , it may be fairly straightforward to use it for those other applications , but there is a testing burden .
Multiple changed libraries have a ripple effect as well .
Then there is the problem of xulrunner .
Xulrunner is meant to isolate applications that want to embed Mozilla components ( e.g. the Gecko renderer ) from changes in the Mozilla platform .
But xulrunner has n't really committed to a stable API , so updates to xulrunner can result in a cascade of other updates .
There are many different packages ( e.g. Miro , epiphany , liferea , yelp , etc. ) that use xulrunner , so changes to that package may require updates to those dependencies , which may require other updated libraries , and so on .
The Windows / Mac solution has the advantage that updates to Firefox do not require any coordination with other applications , but it has its set of downsides as well .
Each application needs some way to alert users that there are important security fixes available and have some mechanism for users to update the application .
Rather than a central repository that can be checked for any pending security issues , users have to run each of their installed applications to update their system .
Furthermore , a flaw in a widely used library may require updating tens or hundreds of applications , whereas , in the Linux model , just upgrading the one library may be sufficient .
It would appear that Ubuntu is preparing to move to the bundled library approach for Firefox in its upcoming 10.04 ( Lucid Lynx ) release .
That is a " long - term support " ( LTS ) release that Ubuntu commits to supporting for three years on the desktop .
One can imagine that it will be rather difficult to support Firefox 3.6 in 2013 , so the move makes sense from that perspective .
But there are some other implications of that change .
For one thing , the spec mentions the need to " eliminate embedders " because they could make it difficult to update Firefox : " non-trivial gecko embedders must be eliminated in stable ubuntu releases ; this needs to happen by moving them to an existing webkit variant ; if no webkit port exists , porting them to next xulrunner branch needs to be done . "
Further action items make it clear that finding WebKit alternatives for Gecko - embedders is the priority , with removal from Ubuntu ( presumably to " universe " ) being the likely outcome for most of the xulrunner - using packages .
In addition , Ubuntu plans to use the libraries that are bundled with Firefox , rather than those that the rest of the system uses , at least partially because of user experience issues : " enabling system libs is not officially supported upstream and supporting this caused notable work in the past while sometimes leading to a suboptimal user experience due to version variants in the ubuntu released compared to the optimize version shipped in the firefox upstream tarballs . "
While it may be more in keeping with Mozilla 's wishes , it certainly violates a basic principle of Linux distributions .
It does n't necessarily seem too dangerous for one package , but it is something of a slippery slope .
The release model for Chromium is even more constricting as each new version is meant to supplant the previous version .
As Callaway described , it contains various modified versions of libraries , which makes it difficult for distributions to officially package in any way other than with bundled libraries .
If that happens in Ubuntu for example , that would double the number of applications shipped with bundled libraries .
Going from one to two may seem like a fairly small thing , but will other upstreams start heading down that path ?
The Fedora policy linked above is worth reading for some good reasons not to bundle libraries , but there are some interesting possibilities in a system where that was the norm .
Sandboxing applications for security purposes would be much more easily done if all the code lives in one place and could be put into some kind of restrictive container or jail .
Supporting multiple different versions of an application also becomes easier .
It is fundamentally different from the way Linux distributions have generally operated , but some of that is historical .
While bandwidth may not be free , it is , in general , dropping in price fairly quickly .
Disk space is cheap , and getting cheaper ; maybe there is room to try a different approach .
The distribution could still serve as a central repository for packages and , perhaps more importantly , as a clearinghouse for security advisories on those packages .
Taking it one step further and sandboxing those applications , so that any damage caused by an exploit is limited , might be a very interesting experiment .
The free software world is an excellent candidate for that kind of trial , in fact it is hard to imagine it being done any other way ; the proprietary operating systems do n't have as a free a hand to repackage the applications that they run .
It seems likely that the negatives will outweigh the advantages , but we wo n't really know until someone gives it a try .
RAMALLAH , West Bank —
Parents often lament that their kids do n’t follow them into their chosen professions .
They ought to think themselves lucky .
They could be Sheikh Hassan Yousef , a founder of the Islamic militant group Hamas whose son converted to Christianity and became a key Israeli agent .
Mosab Hassan Yousef , 32 , reveals his secret life in a book to be published next week “ Son of Hamas : A Gripping Account of Terror , Betrayal , Political Intrigue , and Unthinkable Choices ” ( Salt River Publishers ) .
A few days ago on his Facebook fan page , Yousef announced that he ’d given an interview with the Israeli newspaper Ha’aretz about the contents of the book .
“ The story will blow your minds away , it is going to be like a tsunami in the Middle East , couple of days later it will spread like a wild fire , ” he wrote .
The tsunami was that Yousef ’s previous account of his struggles — that he had turned against the violent ways of Hamas and , consequently , rejected Islam as a religion of hatred and violence — was n’t the whole story .
In fact , Yousef had been an agent for the Israeli Shin Bet domestic security service during the intifada , informing on the very organization of which his father , Sheikh Hassan , was a prominent leader .
His actions earned Yousef the codename “ Green Prince ” from the Shin Bet , a reference to the Islamic green of Hamas ’s flags .
The account in Ha’aretz Wednesday was verified by Gideon Ezra , an Israeli legislator who ’s a former deputy chief of the Shin Bet .
Yousef ’s father was a founder of Hamas and is currently serving a six - year sentence in an Israeli jail .
The younger Yousef has said that he turned against Hamas when he realized that his father , who ’s seen as a relative moderate , did n’t represent the heart of the organization .
Yousef saw that core as rotten with a self - destructive hatred that brought down disaster on the Palestinian people .
Sheikh Yousef ’s reputation as a moderate , of course , does n’t preclude him giving fiery speeches about the victory of Islam in battle — which I witnessed several times at his mosque in al - Bireh , a city abutting Ramallah .
The sheikh ’s broad white mosque with its plain carpeted floors is a long way from the Barabbas Road Church in San Diego , Calif. , where Mosab Yousef now worships .
The last time I saw Sheikh Yousef during the intifada , he claimed that as a representative of Hamas he was in contact with U.S. diplomats via a European intermediary .
“ And I know that what I tell the Americans they will tell Israel , ” he said , “ so , yes , I ’m talking to the Israelis . ”
In Hamas , that makes him pretty moderate .
The following week , Sheikh Yousef was arrested by the Shin Bet .
In prison , according to Mosab Yousef , his father was devastated by the news that his son had become a Christian .
The sheikh refused to disown his son , however , because that would imply consent to the boy ’s murder .
Former Shin
Bet deputy chief Ezra said Mosab Yousef was recruited as an agent while being held in an Israeli jail .
Ezra , like several anonymous Shin Bet sources quoted by Ha’aretz , said Yousef ’s information helped prevented numerous suicide bombings and saved many Israeli lives .
Most Palestinian informers — or collaborators , as Palestinians call them — are recruited either in jail or when they visit Israeli military bases to obtain travel permits .
The collaboration begins with something small and apparently harmless , in return for permission to travel through army checkpoints for medical treatment in Jerusalem , say .
By the time the Palestinian realizes he ’s a fully fledged collaborator , the Shin Bet are able to control him by the threat of exposure .
In Mosab Yousef ’s case , no such threats were needed , it seems .
In the Ha’aretz interview , he expresses a desire to be in Gaza so that he could secure the release of Gilad Shalit , the Israeli soldier held hostage there , and end the suffering of Gaza ’s people under the Hamas regime .
A Hamas leader , Ismail Radwan , denounced the report as an attempt to undermine Sheikh Youssef ’s standing .
" The Palestinian people have great confidence in Hamas and its struggle and they will not be fooled by this slander and these lies of the Israeli occupation , " he said .
Editor 's note :
This article was updated to correct the surnames of Mosab Hassan Yousef and his father , Sheikh Yousef .
Technicians have found and fixed two holes in an underground pipe that were allowing radioactive tritium to flow into the groundwater at the Vermont Yankee nuclear reactor , the plant ’s owner , Entergy , said Thursday .
The leak did not contaminate any drinking water , but it did cause a political uproar in Vermont ; the State Senate overwhelmingly approved a measure last month that will force the plant to shut in 2012 .
Reversal is possible , but sentiment in Vermont is running firmly against the plant , which is in Vernon , near the Massachusetts border , because Entergy executives had assured state officials who asked about the potential for underground leaks that it had no pipes that could do so .
The source of the leak has been clear for weeks , and the company gave daily updates during the two and a half months of repair work .
The Vermont Department of Health has also issued frequent updates .
Over 140 U.S. lenders folded in 2009 alone .
To remedy the financial void left in their wake , the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation wants public pension funds , which safeguard the retirement funds of millions , to buy in part or in whole the banks that could n’t manage to keep their depositors ’ funds .
“ Direct investments may allow funds such as those in Oregon , New Jersey and California to cut fees for private - equity managers , and the agency to get better prices for distressed assets , ” anonymous sources reportedly told Bloomberg News .
ADVERTISEMENT
In a speech to the National Association for Business Economics Washington Policy Conference , FDIC Chairwoman Sheila Bair outlined what she called “ a pre-funded resolution mechanism , ” but did not specify what exactly that is .
She instead said it would be “ similar to the FDIC ’s receivership authority for failed banks , ” exposing only shareholders to risk , as opposed to the bank bailouts that saw billions of taxpayer dollars funneled into a near - crippled financial system .
“ Shareholders and creditors would bear the losses , not the public , ” she explained .
“ But , the process would be orderly and help prevent a catastrophic collapse of other firms . ”
“ From this speech , it ’s a little unclear whether or not Bair has a more simplistic view , where a resolution authority would just close troubled firms , ” wrote The Atlantic ’s staff editor , Daniel Indiviglio .
“ Right now , most banks are just wound down by the FDIC with failure looming .
While that ’s one option , if the market could be saved from some additional losses associated with outright failure without taxpayers bearing the cost of keeping a firm going , then I do n’t see why regulators would n’t want to include that option as well . ”
Bloomberg News notes that pension funds in Oregon , New Jersey , California and New York may participate .
The wire service also reported that firms being targeted for the plan control over $ 2 trillion in retirement funds .
“ Investing in distressed banks does n’t always pay off , as the U.S. Treasury Department learned with the Troubled Asset Relief Program , ” Bloomberg added .
“ At least 60 lenders skipped some of their promised dividends to the TARP fund , according to SNL Financial , and a $ 2.33 billion stake in CIT Group Inc. was wiped out last year when the lender went bankrupt . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The House has approved a bill to create a $ 150 billion fund , while the Senate is considering a measure that would first use taxpayer funds to dismantle an institution , with those funds later recouped from banks , ” MarketWatch noted .
A total of 26 U.S. banks have failed so far in 2010 .
The FDIC holds about $ 40 billion of assets from seized banks and expects to gather more as institutions continue to collapse after the worst U.S. recession and real - estate slump since the Great Depression , according to agency officials , ” iStockAnalyst reported .
“ Real estate loans at U.S. banks that are at least 90 days overdue or that are expected to default almost doubled in 12 months to 7.1 percent , according to December FDIC data . ”
Female ballet teacher ' abducted teenage pupil and had sex with him '
A ballet teacher allegedly abducted a male pupil and had sex with him during a three - month affair .
Sarah Pirie , 27 , who has choreographed stage shows across Britain and has appeared in TV soaps Hollyoaks and Waterloo Road , is accused of taking the boy , aged 15 , to hotels where she seduced him .
Yesterday Scots - born Pirie , formerly of St Annes , Lancashire , appeared before magistrates in Blackpool in relation to the claims .
Ballet teacher : Sarah Pirie allegedly abducted a male pupil and had sex with him during a three - month affair
She faces five charges of intentionally sexually touching the boy , who is training to be a ballet dancer , but can not be named for legal reasons .
Banker 's daughter Pirie , formerly a teacher at a dance school on the Fylde Coast , is alleged to have taken the teenager to hotels in Manchester for sex .
She is accused of committing the offences between March and June last year and is also charged with abducting the teenage pupil from Blackpool on one occasion in May .
Pirie , who is now living in Mamer , Luxembourg , spoke only to confirm her name and address at the two minute hearing .
Her lawyer , Trevor Colebourne , told the court his client would be pleading not guilty to all the charges .
Prosecutor Pam Smith asked for the case to be heard at crown court .
The chairman of the bench granted Pirie bail to April 30 when her case will be committed to the higher court .
Pirie , whose father is a wealthy banker in Luxembourg , trained at the Hammond School in Chester , before launching her career as a dancer and choreographer .
Originally from Leuchars , near Dundee , Pirie has starred in and choreographed various musicals and pantomimes across the country .
You should probably just click this to see the whole comic .
Notice I did n't say " ... see the whole joke " because , of course , it 's true .
It 's also true that lobsters live in trees .
Incidentally , and no joke , this comes when a dozen astronomers are headed to Capitol Hill to make the case that astronomy is important .
I hope they can do it .
It is important !
When it quietly went online for pre-launch testing early last year , Glyde was a reseller marketplace built with a midwestern , middle - aged book or music lover in mind .
Then the gamers found it , and practically took over .
Advertisement
" Even though we were n't really aiming at gamers , one found it somehow , told someone else , and they told even more people , " said Simon Rothman , Glyde 's founder and CEO .
" They 've clearly taken over the dynamics , and are buying and selling through us more than anyone else [ using the site ] . "
Glyde , which officially launched to the public Nov. 16 , got to this point almost entirely virally , and its appeal is one easily spread by word of mouth .
Used games - a commodity that touches sentiments of gamers ' rights and empowerment - can sell for more and can be bought for less through Glyde than in retail stores .
And the transactions can be executed more conveniently than over eBay , Craigslist or Half.com .
Advertisement
Although Rothman , a seven - year eBay veteran who created eBay Motors , was mostly agnostic about what would be the dominant item sold through Glyde when he started the company three years ago , its model plays straight to gamer preference and against the pet peeves and hassles of selling valuable used games .
For example , listing an item on Half.com first requires a UPC search .
On Glyde , just type in the game 's name and select its platform .
It 's then listed forever , unlike auctions that expire on eBay or ads that time out on Craigslist .
Sellers get an email when a buyer has been found .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
A pricing decision is assisted by a custom algorithm that - speaking very broadly and simply - establishes a real - time market value of the item .
Shipping a used game via eBay or Half.com involves having a padded envelope laying around or a trip to buy one , and then a trip to the post office to weigh and stamp it .
Glyde sends you the packaging , postage already affixed .
Just dump it in and let the mailman pick it up .
And of course , dealing with the GameStops and Game Crazys , there 's the resentment of getting $ 20 - if that - for a $ 60 game that 's only a month old .
Finally , if a buyer is unhappy with the item , Glyde provides the means of return and refund - a process that 's a lot stickier and depends a lot more on trustworthiness on eBay or Half .
Advertisement
Glyde passes the packaging ( $ 1.25 ) cost to sellers , and the shipping costs ( roughly $ 3.50 ) to buyers and takes a 10 percent cut of the sale price .
Even with those costs , today a seller would clear $ 30 for a used , excellent - condition copy of Assassin 's Creed II , whereas cash proceeds ( not in - store credit ) from taking it to GameStop are $ 12 .
At GameStop , a used copy of the game currently goes for $ 49.99 ; a Glyde buyer can get it , total cost , for roughly $ 38 , with the shipping a variable .
While those prices are similar to what the game 's pulling on Half.com , Glyde 's pitching a convenience service that Half does n't offer .
The biggest drawback is the time spent waiting for the packaging to arrive .
When I got rid of Demon 's Souls ( for $ 30.25 net ) my email told me to expect this mailer by the end of next week .
I 'm supposed to drop it in the mail 24 hours after I get it , and then the buyer notifies Glyde that he 's got the game and is happy .
If Glyde hears nothing , it releases the money to me after a two - day waiting period .
Worst case scenario , we 're talking about 10 or more days from transaction to getting the game or being paid for it .
Advertisement
Still , Rothman and Glyde are fully aware of how disruptive their business is to GameStop 's resale experience , and are going right after it .
Price comparisons supplied by Glyde , drawing on market values of Feb. 10 , show sellers getting $ 8 to $ 20 more than GameStop 's cash proceeds on a wide spread of used titles .
Meantime , their research shows GameStop resale prices roughly 25 percent higher than what games sell for through Glyde .
Advertisement
" GameStop has over 6,500 stores and 16,000 full - time employees , they have a lot of cost .
They have to buy the item really cheap , to cover their expenses , and then sell it high , " Rothman said .
" In our case , we do n't own the item , and we sell it for fair market value , and there 's so much cost stripped out of the system that buyers and sellers both make more money . "
The tiptoe - footprint Glyde strives for as a middleman is apparent in the site 's design , which evokes Google - style minimalist design at every step .
( You never scroll down ; this is almost certainly deliberate . )
Of course , gamers are n't limited to selling those items .
They watch DVDs and go to college , too ; used books and movies , as well as CDs , are also sold via Glyde .
Seller options include sharing one 's inventory over Facebook or donating proceeds to charity , adding a social element to the community .
Advertisement
Rothman says gamers have had a strong voice in how the site 's design and use have evolved .
" They 're very engaged and active , and amazingly good customers and members of the community , " Rothman said .
" They 're also very vocal , they tell us what 's good , what 's bad and exactly what they think .
" We could probably use fewer expletives , " Rothman says with a chuckle , " but they 're great and we love gamers .
Movie enthusiasts and people who read books or listen to music are less animated early on . "
Advertisement
Glyde is a privately backed startup , but its business model has attracted serious attention on Wall Street .
A Barron 's profile at Glyde 's launch posited that GameStop could end up getting " Netflixed , " the same way Blockbuster 's physical business was decimated by a simple online alternative .
But that 's for those two to battle out and determine a winner .
For gamers , their early business with and input to Glyde has had a strong voice in establishing a resale alternative .
That 's already a victory for them .
The Sunday Age , with the assistance of Deakin University criminologist Ian Warren , attempted to test whether Melbourne really was violent , or comparatively safe .
The truth appears to be mixed - and occasionally surprising .
Compared with New York City , a city of 8 million , Melbourne - on a per-100,000 of the population basis - has more than twice the reported rapes , about a third the number of robberies and roughly two - thirds the number of homicides .
Melbourne has high levels of sexual assault , a disturbing revelation that might have a bright side .
'' I would n't feel that was a black mark against Victoria , '' says Associate Professor Mary Heath , who teaches criminal law at Flinders University .
'' It means that people have the confidence to go and come forward . ''
Compared with Washington or Cincinnati - cities racked with racial poverty and violence - Melbourne does much better .
Alternatively , parts of those cities are out of control .
The Sunday Age compared Melbourne with six cities roughly akin to our own : middle - class , mixed industry , healthy school attendance and where there is an everyday expectation of walking the street safely .
The cities are Vancouver ( rated the world 's most liveable city by The Economist 's Economist Intelligence Unit ) , Seattle , San Diego , Denver , Cardiff and Leeds , which might be regarded as being on the rougher end of the scale .
Again , the picture was mixed .
Melbourne reported significantly higher rates of sexual assault than Vancouver , Leeds , Cardiff and Cambridge , and higher rape figures than San Diego and Seattle .
The good news was that it reported lower robbery rates than all of them , lower assault rates than Vancouver , but a higher rate than Denver .
For homicide , Melbourne 's rates were higher than Vancouver , about the same as San Diego and a little less than Seattle .
The results suggest Melbourne does well in some areas and woefully in others .
But it is an incomplete picture - and represents the difficulty for anyone , including criminologists , to attain reliable comparisons .
Different cities record statistics differently - for example , San Diego and Seattle record aggravated assaults but not a total number of assaults .
They also record rape but not a total number of sexual assaults .
As Dr Warren says : '' There is always going to be some glitch in the comparability - based on different legal definitions of crime in different jurisdictions .
We have this to some extent in Australia anyway , given the different laws between states , but it is more pronounced when doing global comparisons . ''
In its 2008 report Trends in Violent Crime , the Australian Institute of Criminology noted that '' homicide is often used as a gauge of the level of violence in society '' - because there is no gap between crimes reported to police and what 's talked about in victimisation surveys .
The victims can be counted at the morgue .
Overall , the US has about double our per capita homicide rate , Dr Warren says .
'' This is partially due to their firearms laws and availability , and partially due to other social factors such as race , poverty and lack of public amenity . ''
But if we look at Europe , we can't feel quite so pleased with ourselves .
According to British Home Office figures that compare homicide rates in 15 European countries , averaged out over three years between 2005 and 2008 , Victoria scored significantly higher than all of them - from nearly twice as high as Finland to 3 ½ times higher than Austria and Germany .
Says Dr Warren : '' There is a lot of speculation as to why Europe has these lower rates : lower availability of firearms , weather , differential law enforcement approaches , physical clustering in urban areas , or any number of guesses , which are all open to more criminological research . ''
'' Ultimately , we know very little about why one city or state might be more or less violent than another …''
Dr Warren says the research required is of an anthropological nature - looking for differences between tribes , so to speak .
'' The trick is to work out what 's going on in Austria [ with its comparably low murder rate ] and what 's going on here and pinpoint the differences … which gets down to using cross-cultural methods .
How do we define what the cultural differences are ?
This is an anthropological question . ''
There is no question that violent assault is increasing and causing more severe injuries .
According to police figures , 33,668 assaults were reported in Victoria in 2008 - 09 - 5.4 per cent up on the previous year - and nearly 23,000 of them took place in Melbourne .
A six - year study using data from the Victorian State Trauma Registry found the number of people with assault - related major trauma admitted to Victorian hospitals nearly tripled between 2001 and 2007 .
The study found more than 90 per cent of patients were men and more than half were younger than 35 .
Serious head injury was a common outcome of assault , with 82 per cent of patients who had blunt trauma having a serious head injury .
Running tandem to this increase in assault - related trauma has been an increase in the number of group assaults .
Says Dr Warren : '' This might mean there is a changing ethic to the way men deal with violence in Australia .
We need more research on the dynamics of collective violence to make sense of this problem , but it seems serious assaults are becoming more vicious , and the willingness of young men to act in groups rather than one - on - one might provide clues in explaining this trend . ''
There are two popular theories as to why there has been a rise in street assault instigated by people aged 15 to 25 .
Some say exposure to violent video games is the main cause ; others argue the culprit is alcohol .
Dr Warren says there is n't enough research to prove the video game theory , and he does n't accept it ''as the dominant cause of much public violence in Melbourne at the moment ' ' .
'' It might have some bearing , but there are a lot of young men who engage in violence who do n't interact with violent media at all , while others who do are too busy playing violent video games to be going to pubs and clubs and committing real acts of violence . ''
The alcohol issue , he says , is more complex .
'' Per capita booze consumption in a place like Germany [ with its much lower homicide rate ] is almost double [ that in ]
Australia , yet the assault rate is close to half .
The way we 've collapsed the relationship between alcohol and violence has the potential to misconstrue the relationship .
We 're saying alcohol equals violence , which is n't always going to be the case .
Alcohol might play a circumstantial role … but in continually emphasising the connection , we 're missing the point .
Something else is going on .
It 's time to investigate what that something else is . ''
Deputy Commissioner Ken Jones agrees .
He says Victoria is more culturally aligned with Britain , which '' was always held up as an example of a culture that could n't manage alcohol very well ' ' .
Professor Paul Wilson , a criminologist and forensic psychologist from Bond University , says Australia has , by any standards , an extraordinarily high rate of youthful assaults .
'' It has been a consistently high rate for 20 years .
That is symptomatic , more than anything else of a cultural phenomenon in Australia , and a disturbing one where young males see drinking and fighting as a mark of their masculinity .
'' I would contrast that with Japan , where heavy drinking also happens , but the … violence that is associated with it is minimal .
It is a cultural aspect .
Heavy drinking by itself does not necessarily lead to violence but the cause that is associated culturally here is with showing how tough you are and masculine you are by fighting . ''
Professor Wilson says that what is happening on the streets is spilling over into schoolyards , guaranteeing that what is happening culturally will be further embedded .
'' A lot of the recent discussions about the knifings and the bullying and fights in schoolyards reflects to some extent what is going on out there in the community generally . ''
University of Technology Sydney anthropologist Jonathan Marshall says police figures suggest there is a difference in the culture of Sydney and Melbourne , '' although , to be sure , you would want to see if this was replicated over the years .
You are more likely to be killed in Melbourne and raped and robbed in Sydney .
At a trite level this sounds plausible - after all , Sydney very much has a culture of taking what you want . ''
Sydney University anthropologist Stephen Juan believes the crime statistics or even the actual crime rate is less damaging to the public psyche than '' the toxic psychological impact ' ' of the perception that crime is getting worse and our communities are unsafe .
'' This brings about fear and anxiety leading to mental health problems , substance abuse , family breakdown , demands for expensive and oppressive security measures which replace one set of anxieties for another , and ironically , more crime .
Humans do not choose well , act well , or live well in a state of fear . ''
Loading
The state government , mindful of an election this year in which law and order is likely to be a critical issue , recently named Justin Madden as the Minister for Respect Agenda .
It is a mimicking of UK policy , a somewhat feel - good move designed to solve the street - violence problem by encouraging self - respect among potentially violent drunks .
How this is to be achieved is yet to be made clear .
Illuminating though it was , Wednesday ’s decision in the case , Salazar v. Buono , No. 08-472 , settled very little .
It did overturn a trial court ’s order rejecting a Congressional solution to an earlier ruling that the cross conveyed the constitutionally impermissible message of government endorsement of religion in violation of the First Amendment ’s establishment clause .
But the Supreme Court did not rule on the solution itself and instead returned the case to the lower courts for reconsideration .
Image A war memorial in the Mojave Desert , shown in 2009 , is at the center of a constitutional debate .
For now , it is covered by a box .
Credit ... Henry and Wanda Sandoz / Liberty Legal Institute , via Associated Press
The first ruling , on the core First Amendment question , was not before the Supreme Court .
Instead , the justices considered a federal law enacted in reaction to the first ruling that called for the government to transfer the acre of land on which the cross sits to private hands .
In a second round of litigation , the lower courts ruled that the law was an unlawful effort to evade the first ruling .
Justice Kennedy wrote that those recent decisions were too glib in failing to consider the government ’s dilemma .
“ It could not maintain the cross without violating the injunction , ” he wrote , “ but it could not remove the cross without conveying disrespect for those the cross was seen as honoring . ”
He added , “ The land transfer - statute embodies Congress ’s legislative judgment that this dispute is best resolved through a framework and policy of accommodation for a symbol that , while challenged under the Establishment Clause has complex meaning beyond the expression of religious views . ”
But Justice Kennedy , in a part of his opinion joined only by Chief Justice Roberts , did not uphold the land - transfer law outright .
Instead , the court sent the case back to the trial court for another look in light of the analysis in Wednesday ’s decision .
In a concurrence , Justice Alito said there was no need for further proceedings and that he would have upheld the law .
America 's Permanent War Agenda ANALYSIS : America 's Permanent War Agenda
We can't afford this !
by Stephen Lendman Monday , 1 March 2010
Like George Bush , Obama plans permanent war and more military spending than all other nations combined at a time America has no enemies .
He promised change and betrayed us .
Grassroots activism must stop this madness .
Post - 9/11 , Dick Cheney warned of wars that wo n't end in our lifetime .
Former CIA Director James Woolsey said America " is engaged in World War IV , and it could continue for years .... This fourth world war , I think , will last considerably longer than either World Wars I or II did for us . "
GHW Bush called it a " New World Order " in his September 11 , 1990 address to a joint session of Congress as he prepared the public for Operation Desert Storm .
The Pentagon called it the " long war " in its 2006 Quadrennial Defense Review ( QDR ) , what past administrations waged every year without exception since the republic 's birth , at home and abroad .
Obama is just the latest of America 's warrior presidents that included Washington , Madison , Jackson , Lincoln , T. Roosevelt , Wilson , F. Roosevelt , Truman , Johnson , Nixon , Reagan , GHW Bush , Clinton , and GW Bush preceding him .
This article covers WW II and its aftermath history of imperial wars for unchallengeable global dominance throughout a period when America had and still has no enemies .
Then why fight them ?
Read on .
Wars Without End America glorifies wars in the name of peace , what historian Charles Beard ( 1874 - 1948 ) called " perpetual war for perpetual peace " in describing the Roosevelt and Truman administrations ' foreign policies - what concerned the Federation of American Scientists when it catalogued about 200 post - 1945 conflicts in which America was , and still is , the aggressor .
Historian Gore Vidal used Beard 's phrase in titling his 2002 book , " Perpetual War for Perpetual Peace " and saying : " our rulers for more than half a century have made sure that we are never to be told the truth about anything that our government has done to other people , not to mention our own . "
In his 2002 book " Dreaming War , " he compared GW Bush 's imperial ambitions to WW II and the 1947 Truman Doctrine 's pledge : " To support free peoples who are resisting attempted subjugation by armed minorities or by outside pressures . "
It was to keep Greece and Turkey from going communist , but it applied globally and initiated America 's National Security State strategy that included : NATO in 1949 for offense , not defense ;
NSC - 68 against Soviet Russia in 1950 to " contain " what was called an enemy " unlike previous aspirants to hegemony .... animated by a new fanatic faith , antithetical to our own ( wishing to ) impose its absolute authority over the rest of the world " at a time America was the only global superpower , the Soviet Union lay in ruins , threatened no one , and needed years to regain normality .
Then came : Truman 's instigated June 25 , 1950 war after the DPRK retaliated in force following months of ROK provocations , what Americans call the Korean War , South Koreans the 6 - 2 - 5 War ( meaning June 25 ) , and the North its " fatherland liberation war " that left it in ruins , the South occupied to this day , and it was only the mid-century beginning as succeeding administrations continued an agenda for what 's now called " full spectrum dominance " for global US hegemony .
It worried historian Harry Elmer Barnes ( 1889 - 1968 ) in his 1953 collection of leading historical revisionists ' essays titled , " Perpetual War for Perpetual Peace : A Critical Examination of the Foreign Policy of Franklin Delano Roosevelt and It's Aftermath " in which he wrote in the preface : " If trends continue as they have during the last fifteen years , we shall soon reach this point of no return , and can only anticipate interminable wars , disguised as noble gestures for peace .
Such an era could only culminate in a third world war which might well , as Arnold J. Toynbee has suggested , leave only the pygmies in remote jungles , or even the apes and ants , to carry on ' the cultural traditions ' of mankind . "
He cited how America's " needless " entry into two world wars converted its pre-1914 dream " into a nightmare of fear , regimentation , destruction , insecurity , inflation , and ultimate insolvency . "
He debunked the cause and merits of WW I , " the folly of our entering it , and the disastrous results that followed . "
He cited " popular fictions " about WW II , the injustices to Germany and Austria that caused it , the war Roosevelt wanted early in the 1930s as captured Polish documents and the censored Forrestal Diaries confirmed .
Before it began , he wanted US neutrality legislation ended , then after September 1939 , he dropped any pretense by supporting Britain and France and opposing peace efforts after Poland 's defeat .
His June 1940 " dagger in the back " address was a de facto act of war by beginning vast amounts of weapons and munitions shipments to Britain after Dunkirk , followed by the September 1940 ( peacetime ) Selective Service Act , the first in US history , in preparation for what close advisor Harry Hopkins told Churchill in January 1941 that : " The President is determined that we shall win the war together .
Make no mistake about it , " followed by Chief of Naval Operations , Admiral Harold Stark telling his fleet commanders that " The question of our entry into the war now seems to be when , and not whether . "
Only a pretext was needed , first by trying and failing to provoke Germany , then deciding Japan would be attacked , whether or not it struck US ships , territory , or forces in the Pacific .
In a July 4 radio broadcast , Roosevelt said : " solemnly ( understand ) that the United States will never survive as a happy and fertile oasis of liberty surrounded by a cruel desert of dictatorship . "
Then his July 25 Executive Order froze Japanese assets , stating it was : " .... To prevent the use of the financial facilities of the United States in trade between Japan and the United States in ways harmful to national defense and American interests , to prevent the liquidation in the United States of assets obtained by duress or conquest , and to curb subversive activities in the United States . "
Britain followed suit the next day , and Roosevelt nationalized the Philippines ' armed forces " as Commander - in - Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States " with dominion over its Asian colony .
As early as 1937 , he planned a naval blockade , but dropped the idea after an adverse reaction .
It resurfaced in 1938 because he knew strangling Japan economically assured war .
Throughout his administration , from 1933 through late 1941 , he spurned Japanese peace overtures that would have protected all American interests in the Pacific .
By November 25 , the final die was cast .
America chose war , and on that day , War Secretary Henry Stimson wrote in his diary that it depended only on how to maneuver Japan to attack with the lowest number of US casualties .
Tokyo had no other recourse , knowing it could n't win , but hoping for a negotiated settlement to solidify whatever Asian control it could retain .
It failed , lost the war , and remains an occupied US vassal state .
In the late 1930s , Roosevelt encouraged a Japanese attack by stationing the Pacific Fleet at Pearl Harbor against the advice of two key admirals , James Richardson , Pacific Fleet commander and Harold Stark , Chief of Naval Operations until March 1942 .
Selling arms to Japan 's enemies and an embargo assured war , and US cable documentation confirmed it was coming .
Breaking the Japanese code let Britain and Washington track its fleet from the Kurile Islands to its North Pacific refueling point en route to Pearl Harbor on or about December 7 .
At a December 5 cabinet meeting , Navy Secretary Frank Knox said : " Well , you know Mr. President , we know where the Japanese fleet is ? "
" Yes , I know , " responded Roosevelt , saying " Well , you tell them what it is Frank , " who explained where it was , where it was heading until Roosevelt interrupted adding that perfect information was n't available in spite of navy reports confirming it in Pacific waters heading toward Hawaii .
On December 6 , officials awaited the attack until it came the next morning at 7:55 AM Hawaii time .
It was a day of infamy and deceit , with Pearl Harbor 's commander , Admiral HE Kimmel , denied crucial intelligence to let it proceed unimpeded , arouse public anger , and give FDR his war - one decoded Japanese messages showed they did n't want but Roosevelt gave them no choice .
Like other presidents , he lied the country into war against the wishes of 80 % of the public , at a cost of millions of lives in both theaters , and a policy henceforth of perpetual wars for perpetual peace to achieve unchallengeable US dominance .
In the modern era , FDR 's foreign policy began it , leaving a bankrupted moral and political legacy active to this day .
Consider also what revisionist historians say about Lincoln - that he provoked the Fort Sumpter ( in Charleston , SC harbor ) attack and began the Civil War for economic reasons , not to end slavery .
Consider also that ordinary people and soldiers do n't want war , just their leaders and commanders - to wit , Christmas 1914 during WW I when German and British troops stopped fighting , did n't know why they were doing it , then defied orders by fraternizing with each other for two weeks despite risking being court - martialed .
Unable to stop them , their officers joined them in a celebratory pause that did n't stop another three years of carnage , millions of lost lives , and post - war policies that assured WW II .
The lesson is clear .
All wars are immoral , unnecessary , and only happen when one side provokes the other for reasons unrelated to national security threats .
In his seminal book , " A Century of War , " Gabriel Kolko called the 20th century : " the bloodiest in all history .
More than 170 million people were killed , " 70 % of whom in WW II were civilians , " mainly ( from ) the bombing of cities by Great Britain and America . "
There was nothing good about " the good war " nor any others .
In Kolko 's later book " Another Century of War , " he stressed how America contributes to much of the world 's disorder through its interventions and as the world 's largest arms producer and exporter .
Post - WW II , the US became a global menace , today claiming " terrorism " as the main threat - a bogus fiction to justify militarism , perpetual wars heading the nation for moral , political and economic bankruptcy .
According to Kolko :
" The way America 's leaders are running the nation 's foreign policy is not creating peace or security at home or stability abroad .
The reverse is the case : its interventions have been counterproductive . "
In his newest book , " The World in Crisis , " Kolko believes that America 's decline " began after the Korean War , was continued in relation to Cuba , and was greatly accelerated in Vietnam - but ( GW Bush did ) much to exacerbate it further . "
He also thinks : US power is declining everywhere ;
" the world is no longer dependent on its economic might " because other nations like China and India are growing and may some day equal or surpass America ;
after the Soviet Union 's collapse , " the absence of identifiable foes has been a disaster , leaving the US aimless - ( so ) it picks and chooses enemies : rag -tag Afghan tribesmen , Iraqis or all sorts , perhaps China , perhaps Russia .... South American caudillos , " whatever bogus ones can be invented for imperial wars , but the justification is wearing thin , and the burgeoning cost unsustainable .
The result is that America 's " century of domination is now ending . "
America 's Permanent War Economy
It 's how Seymour Melman ( 1917 - 2004 ) characterized it in his books and frequents writings on America 's military - industrial complex .
One of his last articles was titled " In the Grip of a Permanent War Economy ( CounterPunch , March 15 , 2003 ) in which he said : " at the start of the twenty - first century , every major aspect of American life is being shaped by our Permanent War Economy . "
He then examined the horrific toll : a de-industrialized nation , the result of decades of shifting production abroad leaving unions and communities " decimated ; "
government financing and promoting " every kind of war industry and foreign investing by US firms ; " war priorities take precedence over essential homeland needs ;
America 's " Permanent War Economy .... has endured since the end of World War II .... Since then the US has been at war - somewhere - every year , in Korea , Nicaragua , Vietnam , the Balkans , Afghanistan - all this to the accompaniment of shorter military forays in Africa , Chile , Grenada , Panama , " and increasingly at home against its own people ;
" how to make war " takes precedence over everything leaving no " public space .... on how to improve the quality of our lives ; "
" Shortages of housing have caused a swelling of the homeless population in every major city ( because ) State and city governments across the country have become trained to bend to the needs of the military .... ; " the Chicago Coalition for the Homeless ( CCH ) currently estimates over 21,000 are on city streets nightly , and during winter months it 's dangerous ;
the result is a nation of growing millions of poor , disadvantaged , uneducated , and " disconnected from society 's mainstream , restless and unhappy , frustrated , angry , and sad ; " " State Capitalism " characterizes America 's government - business partnership running a war economy for greater power and wealth at the expense of a nation in decline , corrupted leadership , lost industrialization , crumbling infrastructure , and suffering millions on their own , uncared for , unwanted , ignored , and forgotten .
Melman stressed that : " Further evasion is out of order .
We must come to grips with America 's State Capitalism and its Permanent War Economy . "
Re-industrialization is essential " to restore jobs and production competence - industry by industry . "
" Failing that , there is no hope for any constructive exit , " for the nation or its people .
Dwight Eisenhower 's January 17 , 1961 Address to the Nation
It was his farewell address delivered 30 years to the day before Operation Desert Storm began in which he warned about the " military - industrial complex , " citing the " grave implications " of a " coalition of the military and industrialists who profit by manufacturing arms and selling them to the government . "
He stated " we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence .... by the military - industrial complex .
The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist . "
He also said that : " Every gun that is made , every war ship launched , every rocket fired signifies , in the final sense , a theft from those who hunger and are not fed , from those who are cold and not clothed , " the result of what some analysts call the " iron triangle " of Congress , the Pentagon , and the defense industry that includes producers of sophisticated technology for digital age warfare of a kind Eisenhower never imagined .
In combination , they 've addicted America to war , not for threats , but for the power and profits that result .
In his book " The Political Economy of US Militarism , " Professor Ismael Hossein - Zadeh refers to " parasitic military imperialism , " consuming over 40 % of the national tax revenue at the expense of unmet human needs .
Morality aside , it 's not justified economically .
It 's wasteful , inefficient , comes at a great cost , and over time is ineffective and self - destructive .
" The control over huge amounts of national resources tends to lead to an undermining of democratic values , a perversion of republican principles and a reduction of civil freedoms , as well as to the political corruption at home and abroad . "
Moreover , " The constant need for international conflicts makes ( America 's ) military imperialism .... more dangerous than the imperial powers of the past . "
It 's made war - making a giant enterprise " not only for expansionism but , in fact , for the survival of this empire , " yet consider the fallout Hossein - Zadeh examined in a July 10 , 2007 article titled , " Parasitic Imperialism : " the redistribution of income and resources to the wealthy ;
the undermining of physical and human capital ;
the nation 's increased vulnerability to natural disasters ;
economic and financial instability , the result of the growing national debt now totally out of control ;
less foreign market potential for non-military ventures ;
the undermining of civil liberties and democratic values ; and
" foster ( ing ) a dependence on or addiction to military spending , and , therefore .... a spiraling vicious circle of ( unsustainable ) war and militarism " that 's sucking the nation into decline .
America 's Post - WW II Imperial Grand Strategy Post - WW II , America emerged as the world 's sole superpower - economically , politically and militarily , given the war 's toll on East Asia , Europe and Soviet Russia .
In his book , " The Cold War and the New Imperialism , " Professor Henry Heller examined it with emphasis on the Cold War , America 's containment policy , and its efforts against leftist forces in support of fascist elements on the right at both state and local levels .
The Soviet Union controlled Eastern and Central Europe while Mao's War of Liberation defeated Chiang Kai-Shek Nationalists .
Cold War confrontation followed .
It pitted US imperialism against an opposing ideology , the aim being which side would triumph or could both co-exist peacefully and avoid conflict .
War was never an option given each side 's nuclear strength under a policy of " mutually assured destruction ( MAD ) " .
In addition , post - Stalinist Russia began reforms and expanded its sphere of influence .
It was n't to destroy the West , but to co-exist equally .
America and Soviet Russia only competed for developing country allies to keep them from the opposing camp , so neither would be dominated by the other or more vulnerable to being isolated , marginalized , or shut out from world markets and influence .
US Imperialism Post - WW II James Petras and others have said behind every imperial war is a great lie , the more often repeated the more likely to be believed because ordinary people want peace , not conflict , so it 's vital to convince them .
In the 1950s , the Eisenhower administration overthrew two popularly elected governments in Iran and Guatemala , and sought greater influence in Africa and Southeast Asia as anti-colonial movements gained strength .
On January 1 , 1959 Fidel Castro 's socialist revolution ousted the US - backed Batista dictatorship .
He then survived America 's failed 1961 Bay of Pigs invasion , but faced decades of US hostility , including an embargo , destabilization , intimidation , and hundreds of attempts to kill him , unsuccessful so Cuba is still free from US dominance , but hardly safe from its northern hegemon .
In the 1950s , America also backed French Southeast Asian imperialism until defeat at Dien Bien Phu drove them out .
A repressive South Vietnamese client regime was established at the same time , supported by US military advisors teaching war and repression tactics .
Unifying North and South elections were blocked , and direct intervention began in 1961 .
In 1958 , Washington also subverted Laotian democracy and incited civil war .
Cambodia as well was targeted but remained free .
Early in his administration , Kennedy intervened , but a new James Douglass book titled " JFK and the Unspeakable : Why He Died and Why It Matters " says without conviction because he opposed using force .
After the Joint Chiefs demanded troops for Laos , he told his Geneva Conference representative , Averell Harriman : " Did you understand ?
I want a negotiated settlement in Laos .
I do n't want to put troops in . "
He would n't agree to using nuclear weapons in Berlin and Southeast Asia and refused to bomb or invade Cuba during the 1962 missile crisis , saying afterwards that " I never had the slightest intention of doing so . "
In June 1963 ( a few months before his assassination ) , he called for the abolition of nuclear weapons , ending the Cold War , and moving forward for " general and complete disarmament . "
In October 1963 , he signed National Security Action Memorandum ( NSAM ) 263 to withdraw 1,000 US forces from Vietnam by year end and all of them by 1965 .
He said he wanted " to splinter the CIA in a thousand pieces and scatter it to the winds . "
He wanted peace , not conflicts .
It cost him his life , and future presidents got the message .
Johnson resumed Southeast Asian escalation to establish client regimes and military bases across East and South Asia , encircle China , and crush nationalist anti-imperial movements .
The Indochinese war engulfed Cambodia and Laos as well under Johnson and Nixon .
It killed three to four million , inflicted vast amounts of destruction , caused incalculable human suffering , got America to sign a peace treaty in January 1973 , but war continued until its clients were defeated in April 1975 .
Prior to Reagan 's election , the " Vietnam syndrome " and easing Cold War tensions and disarmament efforts alarmed militarists to fear defense spending cuts detrimental to profits .
A propaganda campaign exaggerated bogus threats , manipulated intelligence to heighten fear , and got the Reagan administration to approve large military spending increases to confront " Soviet expansionism " at a time it was transitioning from Brezhnev , Andropov , and Chernenko to Gorbachev in 1985 , followed by perestroika in 1986 , glasnost in 1988 , border openings and the Berlin Wall 's collapse in 1989 , then the Soviet Union 's dissolution in 1991 - a new threat militarists feared would bring large , not to be tolerated , defense budgets cuts .
In the late 1980s , however , leading figures , including Henry Kissinger , Zbigniew Brzezinski , Samuel Huntington , and Albert Wohlstetter alleged Third World conflicts threatened US interests in the Middle East , Mediterranean , and Western Pacific , and recommended deterrence to stop them .
Joint Chiefs Chairman Colin Powell and Defense Secretary Dick Cheney agreed .
Others wanted large defense cuts for a peace dividend , including Johnson 's DOD chief Robert McNamara who proposed reductions up to 50 % .
Throughout the 1989 - 1999 period , mostly under Bill Clinton , US - instigated provocations , sanctions , and armed insurrections support involved America in 134 military operations according to the Federation of American Scientists .
The most egregious was Clinton 's bombing and dismemberment of Yugoslavia , an act playwright Harold Pinter called : " barbaric " and despicable , " another blatant and brutal assertion of US power using NATO as its missile " to consolidate " American domination of Europe . "
Worse was yet to come with the election of George Bush , America 's worst president in a country that never had a good one and never will as it's now governed .
Long before 9/11 , Middle East restructuring plans were based on bogus terrorist , rogue state , and " clash of civilizations " threats by hordes of Islamofascists , including the Palestinian resistance , the Islamic Republic of Iran , and Saddam Hussein targeted in the 1990 - 91 Gulf War , followed by years of devastating sanctions , then ousted by GW Bush in 2003 .
Iraq was destroyed , occupied and balkanized .
Afghanistan , Pakistan , and Iran face similar threats , the common thread being dominating Eurasia through endless conflicts and increased military spending for war profiteering bounties .
September 11 assured it , and got Michelle Ciarocca of the Arms Trade Resource Center , in September 2002 to say : " The whole mind set of military spending changed on Sept. 11 .
The most fundamental thing about defense spending is that threats drive ( it ) .
It 's now going to be easier to fund almost anything . "
Hossein - Zadeh investigated the growing role of private contractors creating a " built - in propensity to war that makes the US military - industrial complex a menace to world peace and stability , a force of death and destruction , " as virulent under Obama as George Bush .
The fallout includes a burgeoning national debt , loss of civil liberties and democratic freedoms , erosion of social services , collapse of the dollar , America already in decline , its coming loss of preeminence as a world power , its potential bankruptcy , perhaps demise in its present form .
and the possibility of WW III .
America 's Illegal Wars of Aggression - The " Supreme Crime " All US post -WW II conflicts were premeditated wars of aggression against nations posing no threat to America -
what Justice Robert Jackson at Nuremberg called : the " supreme international crime differing only from other war crimes in that it contains within itself the accumulated evil of the whole . "
Canadian Law Professor Michael Mandel explained America 's guilt in his superb 2004 book , " How America Gets Away with Murder : Illegal Wars , Collateral Damage , and Crimes Against Humanity , " his main theme being Jackson 's Nuremberg " supreme crime " declaration , as relevant now as then .
Tragically , as Edward Herman observed in reviewing Mandel 's book : " The problem for the United States ( and the world ) has been that this country is now in the business of aggression and its commission of the " supreme crime " is standard policy , thereby bringing the " scourge of war " across the globe in direct violation of the UN charter . "
Its Purposes and Principles state that : " The Purposes of the United Nations are : ( 1 ) To maintain international peace and security , and to that end : to take effective collective measures for the prevention and removal of threats to the peace , and for the suppression of acts of aggression or other breaches of the peace , and to bring by peaceful means , and in conformity with the principles of justice and international law , adjustment or settlement of international disputes or situations which might lead to a breach of the peace . "
Conspiratorially with NATO and Israel , America willfully and repeatedly violates international and US laws , punishes its victims , absolves itself , and since WW II has directly or indirectly murdered millions of people globally , mostly civilian non-combatants .
Barack Obama - America 's New Warrior President America glorifies conflicts and the righteousness of waging them , packaged as liberating ones for democracy , freedom , justice , and the best of all possible worlds .
Obama is just the latest in a long line of warrior leaders promising peace by waging war , justifying them by bogus threats , and calling pacifism unpatriotic to further an imperial agenda for greater wealth , power , and unchallengeable global dominance .
In opposition to his announced Afghanistan surge , peace activists gathered across from the White House on December 12 for an " Emergency Anti-Escalation Rally " organized by " End US Wars " - a new coalition of grassroots anti-war organizations .
Speakers included Kathy Kelly , David Swanson , Granny D ( age 100 on January 24 , 2010 ) former Senator Mike Gravel ( 1969 - 1981 ) , and former Representative and 2008 Green Party presidential candidate Cynthia McKinney , among others .
This writer was asked to prepare a short commentary to be read to the crowd .
Updated , it 's reproduced below : Obama 's Permanent War Strategy Disingenuously calling Afghanistan a " war of necessity , not choice , " Obama ordered 30,000 more troops deployed over the next six months with perhaps many more to follow .
In one of his most defining decisions , he 's more than doubled the force count since taking office , angered a majority in the country , and continues his permanent war agenda while calling himself a man of peace .
Next target , Yemen , and its newest , occupied Haiti for plunder , exploitation , and very likely killing unwanted Haitians by neglect , starvation , disease , and face - to - face confrontations if they resist .
As a candidate , Obama campaigned against imperial militarism , promised limited escalation only , and pledged to remove all combat troops from Iraq by August 31 , 2010 .
That was then .
This is now , and consider what he has in mind - the permanent occupation of Iraq , Afghanistan and more .
Besides the Afghan escalation , he's also destabilizing Pakistan to balkanize both countries , weakening them to control the Caspian Sea 's oil and gas riches and their energy routes to secured ports for export .
The strategy includes encircling Russia , China , and Iran , obstructing their solidarity and cohesion , defusing a feared geopolitical alliance , weakening the Iranian government , perhaps attacking its nuclear sites , eliminating Israel 's main regional rival , and securing unchallenged Eurasian dominance over this resource rich part of the world that includes China , Russia , the Middle East , and Indian subcontinent .
Like George Bush , Obama plans permanent war and more military spending than all other nations combined at a time America has no enemies .
He promised change and betrayed us .
Grassroots activism must stop this madness and make America a nation again to be proud of .
The alternative is too grim to imagine .
Over 50 years ago , Bertrand Russell ( 1872 - 1970 ) warned : " Shall we put an end to the human race , or shall mankind renounce war " and live in peace , because we have no other choice .
Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago and can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net .
His blog is sjlendman.blogspot.com .
Listen to Lendman 's cutting - edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour on the Progressive Radio Network Thursdays at 10 AM US Central time and Saturdays and Sundays at noon .
All programs are archived for easy listening .
Mr. Lendman 's stories are republished in the Baltimore Chronicle with permission of the author .
Copyright © 2010 The Baltimore News Network .
All rights reserved .
Republication or redistribution of Baltimore Chronicle content is expressly prohibited without their prior written consent .
Baltimore News Network , Inc. , sponsor of this web site , is a nonprofit organization and does not make political endorsements .
The opinions expressed in stories posted on this web site are the authors ' own .
This story was published on March 1 , 2010 .
This story was published on March 1 , 2010 .
Women in DR Congo are being escorted to market by UN troops
The Democratic Republic of Congo is " the rape capital of the world " , a senior UN official has said .
Margot Wallstrom , the UN 's special representative on sexual violence in conflict , urged the Security Council to punish the perpetrators in DR Congo .
Rape remained a dominant feature of the ongoing conflict in eastern DR Congo , with impunity being the rule rather than the exception , she said .
More than 8,000 women were raped during fighting in 2009 , the UN says .
" Women have no rights , if those who violate their rights go unpunished , " Ms Wallstrom told the UN Security Council on her return from DR Congo .
" If women continue to suffer sexual violence , it is not because the law is inadequate to protect them , but because it is inadequately enforced , " she said .
The UN mission in DR Congo , Monuc , has been trying to deal with the problem by escorting women on their way to market , developing early warning systems and working with local officials , according to a UN statement .
In April , research on sexual violence in DR Congo 's eastern South Kivu province produced shocking findings .
The report by the Harvard Humanitarian Initiative showed that 60 % of rape victims in South Kivu were gang raped by armed men , more than half of the assaults took place in the victims ' homes and an increasing number of attacks were being carried out by civilians .
Eastern DR
Congo is still plagued by army and militia violence despite the end of the country 's five - year war in 2003 .
Monuc troops have been backing efforts to defeat rebels linked to the 1994 genocide in Rwanda , who are operating in eastern DR Congo .
Where does our food come from ?
These days , most people might think corn , the ubiquitous grain that provides the bulk of feed for our livestock ; most of the sweetener for our soft drinks and snacks ; and a large amount of our cooking fat .
But where does the corn — and other staple crops — come from ?
The answer to that question lies beneath our feet .
Healthy soil is our food system ’s bottom line .
Without it , food crops wo n’t grow .
Help Grist raise $ 20,000 by 9/30 .
Just click the image above ☝️
Farming , especially on today ’s industrial scale , is tough on soil , draining essential nutrients .
The most critical nutrient is nitrogen , the building block of plants .
A lot of energy and money have been spent figuring out how to replace it in the soil .
In the past 50 years , led by the United States , global agriculture has come to rely increasingly on a cheap , synthetic form of nitrogen produced in fertilizer factories that are powered by natural gas and other fossil fuels .
Before World War II , when the fertilizer industry was in its infancy , farmers used very little synthetic nitrogen .
By 1964 , U.S. farmers were applying about 4.3 million tons annually .
In 2007 , the last year for which the U.S. Department of Agriculture has figures , farmers dropped 5.7 million tons on the nation ’s corn crop alone .
We now know that the undeniable benefits of synthetic nitrogen come with serious costs , both to the environment and to public health .
In this special Grist series , we ’ll be looking at where synthetic nitrogen comes from and what our reliance on it is doing to our health and to the health of our waterways and climate .
We ’ll also be looking at ways in which synthetic nitrogen can be used more wisely — and , as much as possible , phased out .
The question of where our food comes from will take us on a journey from the farm out to the fertilizer factory — and even farther , to the globe ’s finite and far - flung natural gas deposits .
And more important than where synthetic nitrogen comes from is where it will take us .
As with anything fueling a system that feeds a nation of 300 million , there are no easy answers to the nitrogen dilemma .
But we will pose the hard questions — and try to generate debate about a critical ecological issue that remains obscure and little - discussed .
Check out the first piece in the series : “ The dark side of nitrogen . ”
A COURT has ordered two young girls to spend weekends with their sex offender father provided he puts a door on their bedroom they can lock .
Judge Robert Benjamin , in the Family Court 's Hobart branch , ruled that the girls " need some protection from ( their father ) , particularly at night " .
However , the risk of sexual abuse was " diminished when they are awake and alert " .
Judge Benjamin said that the father , who was convicted of downloading child pornography , must have an " adult friend " stay with him when the girls stayed overnight .
He added that until the youngest turned 14 , the girls must " share the same room so they can have the mutual support of one another " .
A Family Court counsellor said that the girls , aged ten and eight , " are at an age and maturity when awake , dressed and together it would be unlikely the father would act inappropriately toward them " .
" However , at night , when they were asleep or partly asleep and not aware of each other 's whereabouts , they would be less secure . "
The case has outraged women 's groups , who say it puts the girls at risk to satisfy the father 's desire to see them .
The eldest girl has told counsellors that she was afraid to stay overnight with her father .
The father was convicted in 2007 of three child pornography offences , including filming images of child pornography on his computer .
He also created links and shortcuts to child porn sites .
In sentencing the man for the offences , a judge in Tasmania said he was " far from convinced " he posed no risk to children and put his name on the sex offenders register for five years .
His wife left him , and has since been fighting to restrict his access to their two daughters .
The Family Court found the father had invited one of the girls into his bed , and had " demonstrated affection toward her in a way that was , in all the circumstances , inappropriate for a child of that age " .
The eldest girl told counsellors she " did not want to spend time alone with her father " .
Police said the boys had been out drinking on Monday Police are investigating the deaths of two teenagers in North Lincolnshire who are thought to have taken the legal drug mephedrone .
Louis Wainwright , 18 , from Winteringham and 19 - year - old Nicholas Smith from Winterton both died on Monday .
Police said the boys had taken the drug known locally as M - CAT , which appeared to have contributed to their deaths .
Two men , aged 26 and 20 , and a 17 - year - old boy have been arrested in connection with the incident .
Det Ch Insp Mark Oliver , of Lincolnshire Police , said both teenagers had been out drinking in Scunthorpe until the early hours on Monday .
Police said Mr Wainwright was then pronounced dead at his home address on Low Burgage at 1200 GMT .
We would encourage anyone who may have taken the drug or knows somebody who has taken the drug to attend a local hospital as a matter of urgency
Det Ch Insp Mark Oliver Just after 1620 GMT , officers received a call about the death of Mr Smith at an address in Redbourne Street , Scunthorpe .
Post - mortem examinations are being carried out .
Mr Oliver said anyone who had been out with the pair on Monday and also taken the drug should go to hospital " as a matter of urgency " .
He said : " Humberside Police is currently carrying out investigations into the deaths of Louis Wainwright and Nicholas Smith .
" From our investigations we have information to suggest these deaths are linked to M - CAT .
" We would encourage anyone who may have taken the drug or knows somebody who has taken the drug to attend a local hospital as a matter of urgency . "
Six people , including two of those arrested , who are thought to have taken the drug have attended hospital .
Three of those have been discharged with no symptoms .
The substance , which has become popular on the UK club scene in recent months , is legal in the UK but is subject to a Government safety probe .
Its side - effects are said to include psychosis , palpitations , burning throat , nose bleeds and insomnia .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
On the eve of the first free , online “ Clojure 101 ” course , Michael Kohl of RubyLearning caught up with Amit Rathore , author of the forthcoming book – Clojure in Action .
In this interview , Amit Rathore talks to the Clojure 101 course participants on Clojure .
Michael >>
Welcome , Amit and thanks for taking out time for RubyLearning ’s Clojure course participants .
For their benefit , could you tell us something about yourself ?
Amit >>
I ’ve been programming since I was 11 , and been designing and developing software systems in a professional setting for about ten years now .
The last few years have seen me transition from Java to Ruby , along with a smattering of other languages such as Python , Scheme , and Smalltalk .
Since late 2008 , I ’ve been using Clojure full - time .
I ’ve made a few open - source contributions to the Clojure community – some examples are data - mappers for HBase and Redis , and another one called Swarmiji which allows you to write distributed programs ( that span multiple CPUs , not just multiple cores ) in Clojure .
I ’m currently the Chief Software Architect at a startup called Runa , in Mountain View , CA .
We are a provider of SaaS solutions to online e-tailers to enable them to provide real - time , analytics - driven promotions to their shoppers .
More than 90 % of our backend is written in Clojure .
Michael >>
How did you get involved with Clojure ?
Amit >>
As I said earlier , I ’ve used Scheme on my personal projects from time to time .
At Runa , we always knew we could benefit from using a Lisp for our back - end , what with all the analytics and machine - learning that the system needs to do .
When all the scalability requirements were thrown in , we seriously considered using Erlang , thanks to it being functional and its concurrency support .
It was just around then that the Clojure community really started taking off , and we decided to try it out .
We ’ve never looked back , and we ’re extremely pleased with the outcome so far .
Our analytics - powered , adaptive , conversion - marketing engine is miles ahead of any potential competition … and we can add features ( and make sure things still work , and are as performant as needed ) faster than any potential competition .
If you have read Paul Graham ’s essay called Beating The Averages , you know what I ’m talking about .
In Jan 2009 , following our initial Clojure deployment , I started the Bay Area Clojure User Group .
It ’s going to host its 17th Meetup next month .
It ’s great to see the community growing , and its great being a part of it .
Michael >>
You are currently writing “ Clojure in Action ” .
What can you tell us about the book ?
Amit >>
When Manning Publications contacted me regarding a new Clojure book , they wanted something different from what was already available , and what they knew was in progress .
When we discussed my Clojure experience and startup background , we came up with the concept of the Clojure in Action book .
The idea basically resulted in a Clojure book that does a few things :
Teaches Clojure from first principles i.e. why are certain things the way they are , and how they ’re better than what currently exists in popular languages .
Teaches a developer new to Clojure to get going after reading the book – it answers the “ OK , what now ? ” question – by addressing issues like test - driven development , IDEs , dependency management , debugging / profiling , and so on .
Real - world usage for web - scale applications – from all the experience I ’ve gleaned working with HBase , Redis , RabbitMQ , Amazon services , Hadoop / MapReduce , and so on .
And finally , advanced usage of macros to build DSLs ( domain - specific languages ) .
So readers of all levels will get something from the book – folks new to Clojure can get started quickly , while intermediate to advanced users can gain also .
Michael >>
Many of RubyLearning ’s Clojure course participants have a Java and or Ruby background .
What , according to you , are the benefits to these participants after learning Clojure ?
Amit >>
The functional approach is just a better way to program .
So that , in itself , is a huge learning opportunity .
In the words of Eric Raymond , the famed hacker , “ LISP is worth learning for a different reason — the profound enlightenment experience you will have when you finally get it .
That experience will make you a better programmer for the rest of your days , even if you never actually use LISP itself a lot . ”
And the great news is that Clojure , the latest incarnation of LISP , is actually so usable that once you start , you will never want to program in any other language again .
This influence includes meta- programming , which will especially benefit Ruby folks .
On the other hand , it will also make developers from both the camps ( especially Java ) realize just how limiting their languages are .
Actually , this is also a good thing .
Michael >>
Why do you think that such a free , online Clojure course at RubyLearning would be beneficial to the Clojure community ?
Amit >>
Clojure will only succeed if more and more people adopt it .
While it is a no - brainer once you understand what it offers in terms of productivity and code- quality , it has the initial problem of getting - the - word - out .
Such a free , online course can do this quite effectively .
Michael >>
How should they go about acquiring knowledge and skills in Clojure ?
What ’s the best approach ?
Amit >>
There is one book published so far , and several coming out .
Those are good resources .
There are plenty of tutorials online , as well as a ton of open - source code which can be great resources .
There are several very active Clojure user groups around the country , and indeed all over the world .
Also , the IRC channel is fantastic .
Michael >>
Which areas in Clojure should a would - be Clojure programmer concentrate on ?
Amit >>
Functional programming would be an important topic .
People coming from an imperative background have to sort of re-wire their brains .
Another topic is “ the Lisp way ” , which is this idea of bottom - up design ( as opposed to the traditional top - down approach to breaking things down ) .
Creating mini-languages ( fashionably called Domain Specific Languages these days ) that allow the developer to program at a much higher - level of abstraction is another important design philosophy .
These I ’d say are things that take time to really “ get into ” … so some deliberate attention should be paid them .
Other things , such as Clojure ’s concurrency mechanism are also important , and yet easy to learn and use .
Michael >>
Do you have any suggestions for RubyLearning ’s Clojure course participants ?
Anything you would like to share with them ?
Amit >>
I ’d just like to say this :
As developers gain experience , they learn certain things that become guiding principles .
One such thing is the power of abstractions .
As they gain expertise of the programming language they ’re using , they discover the natural limit to the kind of abstractions that their language of choice can create .
They realize that certain things just ca n’t be expressed in that language .
At times this manifests in wishing that the language had this feature or that .
Lisp frees you from such tyranny .
The parenthesis are there for a reason , and that reason is to make the macro system possibly .
And that makes wonderful things happen .
And Clojure is an incredible Lisp .
So , stay with it , give it a real go , the parenthesis disappear in a few days , and the real power becomes apparent .
And then you can never go back
Michael >>
After the course , most participants would like to contribute their time , skills and expertise to a Clojure project but invariably are unaware of where and how to do so .
Could you suggest how this can be achieved ?
Amit >>
There are plenty of open - source projects that add something to the Clojure world .
GitHub is a great place to start looking , and there are others .
Michael >>
On a final note :
What do you perceive as the future of Clojure ?
Amit >>
We are all craftsmen : programming languages and software requirements are our raw material .
Given that complexity of software requirements is continuing to grow , it behooves us all to use better and better tools and languages to create the next software system .
As a matter of fact , tomorrow ’s software almost needs to be adaptive – it needs to learn and adjust its behavior based on things like the data that it sees , or patterns of usage , and so on .
This kind of complexity needs really flexible and powerful tools on the implementation side .
A Lisp is a natural fit for such a dynamic , demanding world .
Further , Clojure ’s functional and concurrency story is very strong – as software moves to clouds of multi-core CPUs , this becomes a great advantage .
Finally , being able to leverage battle - tested Java libraries in such a seamless manner is another boon .
I see more and more people being enlightened about these issues , and more and more adoption of Clojure .
I ’d be very surprised if it does n’t become the discerning developer ’s first choice within the next couple of years .
Thank you Amit .
In case you have any queries and / or questions , kindly post your questions here ( as comments to this blog post ) and Amit would be glad to answer .
I ’ve been getting solidly flamed recently , as have my former coworkers at Digg , my friends at Twitter , etc. about our adoption and promotion of various NoSQL storage systems .
It seems that some DBAs are very , very upset that us internet kids are considering abandoning SQL ’s ship .
I ’m not here to throw out a bunch of insane numbers , benchmarks , or flame back , but I did want to point out why SimpleGeo and others are jumping onto the NoSQL bandwagon .
First , and foremost , I have n’t heard of anyone saying MySQL or PostgreSQL on comparable hardware is faster than NoSQL options .
The best I ’ve heard is that MS SQL setups on SSD drives with lots of RAM could do 6,100 result sets a second .
I guess , based on these posts , I ’d like to ask a few questions to the people who honestly think RDBMSs can compete with NoSQL solutions at large scale .
Do you honestly think that the PhDs at Google , Amazon , Twitter , Digg , and Facebook created Cassandra , BigTable , Dynamo , etc. when they could have just used a RDBMS instead ?
Has anyone ran RDBMS benchmarks with highly heterogeneous datasets with lots of varying indexes on them ?
At Digg we had probably a hundred or so tables , each table had varying indexes ( a char here , an integer there , a date + time here ) .
Disk IO becomes a serious problem when indexes for different tables are stored on different parts of disks and you have concurrent reads / writes .
I know that people have found ways around this , such as 37 Signals systems guy putting 15 x 15 k RPM drives on his DB server .
Assuming $ 500 a disk ( 15 k disks range from $ 300 to $ 800 on Newegg ) that ’s $ 7,500 just for disks .
Anyone out there running an EC2 large instance with a RDBMS on it that ’s doing 1,800 reads / second ?
I ’ve got a Cassandra node that was getting hammered with a load of 6 serving that much traffic without falling over , which I think is pretty decent when you consider each node could easily do that and adding more nodes to handle more load is trivial .
How much are you spending on those MS SQL servers with SSD drives that serve up 6,100 results a second ?
MS SQL is $ 5,999 per processor .
Windows Server 2008 is another $ 1029 .
Decent 128GB SSDs appear to cost around $ 450 each .
You see where I ’m going with this .
Nobody is arguing you ca n’t get RDBMSs to scale up to a few thousand reads / writes a second if you can afford to spend $ 50,000 or $ 100,000 per server .
The problem is that very few startups can spend that much money on a single server .
How much time are your DBAs spending administering your RDBMSs ?
How much time are they in the data centers ?
How much do those data centers cost ?
How much do DBAs cost a year ?
Let ’s say you have 10 monster DB servers and 1 DBA ; you ’re looking at about $ 500,000 in database costs .
How easy is it to add a new server to your cluster ?
If we identify a hot spot in our Cassandra cluster , we can have a new node bootstrapped into our cluster in about five minutes .
And I mean it ’s in production taking writes and serving reads .
Does your RDBMS automatically rebalance the entire cluster when a new node is bootstrapped into it ?
I ’m running a 50 node cluster , which spans three data centers , on Amazon ’s EC2 service for about $ 10,000 a month .
Furthermore , this is an operational expense as opposed to a capital expense , which is a bit nicer on the books .
In order to scale a RDBMS to 6,000 reads / second I ’d need to spend on the order of five months of operation of my 50 node cluster .
Has anyone ran benchmarks with MySQL or PostgreSQL in an environment that sees 35,000 requests a second ?
IO contention becomes a huge issue when your stack needs to serve that many requests simultaneously .
I know of one company that ’s managing to scale portions of their PostgreSQL servers by purchasing $ 250,000 servers .
This would cover my 50 node EC2 cluster for two years .
I guess what I ’m saying is that my decision to use NoSQL , and I ’m guessing others ’ decisions to do so , has less to do with the fact that we ca n’t squeeze a few thousand writes a second out of MySQL and more to do with management and cost overhead .
NoSQL solutions allow us to serve absurd amounts of data for a really , really low price .
I ’m happy to put my $ / write , $ / read , and $ / GB numbers for my NoSQL setup against anyone ’s RDBMS numbers .
We ’re not nearly as dumb as everyone thinks we are ; I promise .
Here is a deceptively complex and subtle legal question involving Ponzi schemes and fraud :
What are “ losses ” in the legal sense of the word ?
The question arises in the case of Bernie Madoff , whose offices cranked out account statements like they were junk mail .
As it turns out after the fact , that was all they were — merely junk mail .
And that key fact is the major determinant of what the actual losses were .
By the end of his multi-decade fraudulent run , the final account statements ( November 30 2008 ) issued to all his “ clients ” totalled the sum of $ 73.1 billion dollars .
The people conned by Madoff believed they were worth a collective $ 65 billion dollars more than their accounts were worth .
The initial amount of cash put up : ~$ 20 billion dollars , beginning in the early 1960s and continuously from there forward .
The bankruptcy court in this case made the basic determination that the losses were ONLY the cash that was initially given to Madoff & Co .
The extra $ 45 - 50 billion was a fictitious part of Madoff ’s fraud .
Therefore , it represents funds that were not actual investment losses , and are not covered by SIPIC insurance :
The key passage the bankruptcy judge issued was :
“ Given that in Madoff ’s fictional world no trades were actually executed , customer funds were never exposed to the uncertainties of price fluctuation , and account statements bore no relation to the United States securities market at any time .
As such , the only verifiable transactions were the customers ’ cash deposits into , and cash withdrawals out of , their particular accounts .
Ultimately , customer requests for payments exceeded the inflow of new investments , resulting in the Ponzi scheme ’s inevitable collapse . ” . . .
At bottom , the BLMIS customer statements were bogus and reflected Madoff ’s fantasy world of trading activity , replete with fraud and devoid of any connection to market prices , volumes , or other realities . ”
Here ’s the New York TImes :
“ Losses should be defined as the difference between the cash paid into a Madoff account and the amount withdrawn before the fraud collapsed in mid-December 2008 . . .
The total of those account balances — the wealth investors believed they had saved — was nearly $ 65 billion , by far the largest financial fraud loss in history .
But those statements “ were bogus and reflected Madoff ’s fantasy world of trading activity , ” Judge Lifland wrote in his opinion .
As such , they cannot reflect legitimate “ securities positions ” on which claims can be based , he said .
As such , they cannot reflect legitimate “ securities positions ” on which claims can be based , he said .
Judge Lifland endorsed the approach of the Madoff trustee , Irving H. Picard .
The differences between how much investors put into their accounts and the amount they took out are “ the only verifiable amounts ” reflected in the Madoff firm ’s records , Judge Lifland said of that method . ”
This approach makes sense .
Consider for a moment if some future Madoff wannabe had a Ponzi scheme even bolder , and their final statements were trillions of dollars , on returns of 100 % a year — not 12 % .
The final amount is merely a fantasy number , how much the victim of the fraud erroneously believed they had .
Their expectations of riches were the product of the scam , not based on real securities .
Any other decision leads to potential absurdities created by the reliance on entirely fabricated accounting entries .
The number based on accounting fraud does not represent an actual loss — only the amount the victim was scammed into believing they actually had .
Its sad , but true . . .
The judge seems to have made the difficult — but correct — call here .
>
Source :
In re : BERNARD L. MADOFF INVESTMENT SECURITIES LLC
SIPA LIQUIDATION ( PDF )
No. 08-01789 ( BRL )
UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
Madoff Judge Endorses Trustee ’s Rule on Losses
DIANA B. HENRIQUES
NYT , March 1 , 2010
http://www.nytimes.com/2010/03/02/business/02madoff.html
How it works out ?
This is n't rocket science .
Android is taking over .
Apple is still STUPIDLY tied to ATT only .
If they have brain one , they will kill that with the release of iPhone 4 .
If they do n't , at least here in the states , I would think they will just continue to lose market share .
UFC
UFC NEWS : Dana White says Tito Ortiz vs. Chuck Liddell " definitely " UFC 115's main event
Apr 7 , 2010 - 8:16:34 PM
UFC NEWS : Dana White says Tito Ortiz vs. Chuck Liddell " definitely " UFC 115's main event
There has been nothing but speculation regarding Chuck Liddell 's next fight in the UFC after multiple published reports began stating he would be facing someone other than Tito Ortiz following the end of the Ultimate Fighter 's eleventh season .
Now , UFC President Dana
White has finally made a definitive statement on the matter .
The two fighters are coaches on the reality show on Spike this season , the second episode of which airs tonight , and originally were expected to face off at UFC 115 in Vancouver this June following the completion of the show 's airing on Spike .
Then last month , reports surfaced stating that Ortiz was unable to complete filming on the Ultimate Fighter , Rich Franklin was brought in to replace him and he would in fact be facing Liddell at UFC 115 .
White initially denied the rumors outright on Twitter , but then left the door open for speculation by vaguely answering to the rumors at the UFC on Versus pre fight press conference with comments that he can't always give away what is going on and he has to say certain things to not let people in at times .
Then another rumor struck stating that Liddell would be fighting Randy Couture for a fourth time , with that bout coming at UFC 116 .
All the while , Liddell has stated he understands he 's fighting Ortiz and that 's what he 's training for .
On Joe Ferraro's MMA Connected program on Canada 's Sportsnet this week ( video below , app users video at MMATorch.com ) ,
White finally gave a clear answer .
" Absolutely .
The definite main event [ for UFC 115 ] is Tito vs. Chuck Liddell .
That 's definitely the main event .
" This should put the rumors to bed ( for now ) , though there 's always the possibility
White is again simply saying what he must to keep anything that is yet to air on the show under wraps .
However , it 's more likely that he 's telling it as it is here , as it could be detrimental to outright lie about the planned main event .
UFC 115 comes live on pay - per-view from the GM Place in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada on June 12 .
Well , there will be those who will write this off as promoter - speak again , but I 'd imagine White would n't just outright lie that this fight is coming .
He was skirting the issue before , but he had n't made any definitive comments .
This is an " absolutely , that fight 's happening " from him , so if he 's straight up lying here future comments will have zero believability .
For now , we 've got this fight to look forward to as the main event for UFC 115 in Vancouver .
UFC QUOTABLES : Chuck Liddell addresses rumors Tito Ortiz wo n't be fighting him , says he earned the right to beat him after TUF : [ CLICK TO READ FULL ARTICLE ] [ Chuck Liddell photo by Wade Keller ( c ) MMATorch.com ]
BRUSSELS ( Reuters ) - Loopholes in the United Nations climate treaties could actually amount to an increase in global climate - warming emissions and the chance to rein in temperatures may be slipping away , a draft European Union report showed .
Smoke billows from a chimney of the Termika factory , which produces glass wool , in Skojfa Loka January 21 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Srdjan Zivulovic
“ Optimistic assessments ... indicate that a pathway toward limiting the global temperature increase to no more than 2 degrees Celsius is still feasible , but more pessimistic assessments indicate this chance is disappearing fast , ” it added .
European Climate Commissioner Connie Hedegaard will announce her strategy on Tuesday for advancing international climate talks after the conclusion of a weak deal in Copenhagen in December .
She is expected to outline a roadmap toward a legally - binding global climate treaty , and focus on strengthening the integrity of U.N. rules .
An EU report to back that announcement estimated rich countries ’ current pledges for carbon dioxide cuts will add up to a reduction of between 13.2 percent and 17.8 percent over the next decade .
The difference comes from the fact that some rich countries have pledged a range of possible cuts .
That would fall far short of the 25 - 40 percent cut recommended by U.N. scientists to keep temperature rises to within 2 degrees Celsius of pre-industrial temperatures -- beyond which the delicate climate system might become unstable .
LOOPHOLES
Anti-poverty group Oxfam said that by contrast , poor countries looked set to cut emissions at the very top end of the range suggested by U.N. scientists of 15 - 30 percent below business - as - usual .
“ Unless developed countries now rapidly increase their mitigation targets and act to close these loopholes , the impacts on poor and vulnerable people will be catastrophic , ” said Oxfam campaigner Tim Gore .
“ The current pledges could lead to four billion people affected by water shortages by the end of the century , ” he added .
The leaked report , seen by Reuters on Monday , said two key loopholes must be tackled -- the use of spare carbon emissions permits left after the collapse of the Soviet Union , and loose rules on emissions from agriculture and deforestation .
Heavy industry collapsed in former communist countries during the transition to a free market economy , leading to sharp falls in carbon emissions -- and a huge surplus of emissions rights under Kyoto for countries like Russia and Ukraine .
Russia , for example , is on track to undercut its Kyoto target by about 1.4 billion tonnes of greenhouse gases annually -- equivalent to the entire emissions of Japan , the world ’s fifth biggest carbon emitter -- U.N ’. data show .
Those permits can be bought by big emitters to avoid taking any meaningful climate action .
If the spare emissions permits are not somehow dealt with , they could reduce the real - world emissions cuts by rich nations by 6.8 percentage points , the EU report warns .
In the worst case , that could mean rich countries cut emissions to only 6.4 percent below 1990 levels over the next decade .
Loose U.N. rules for emissions from forestry and agriculture could erode 9 percentage points from emissions cuts .
“ This would mean that for the lower end of the pledges , we would in fact allow for an increase in developed country emissions of 2.6 percent above 1990 levels , ” warn the report .
“ For the higher end of the pledges , we would only see a 2 percent reduction in relation to 1990 . ”
Alzheimer 's disease affects an estimated 27 million people worldwide .
It is the most common form of age - related dementia , possibly the most feared disease of old age .
There is no cure , and the available drugs only help to relieve symptoms without slowing progression of the disease .
One of the characteristic changes in the brains of Alzheimer 's patients is the accumulation of plaques and tangles ; currently , the best hope for curing or at least slowing the disease lies in developing drugs that target this buildup .
Some drugs are already in clinical trials , but there is still a pressing need for more research , and for more and better drugs directed against both known and novel targets .
One of the big problems in rapidly screening potentially useful drugs has been the lack of a good model system in which Alzheimer 's plaques and tangles appear quickly .
However , Mike Virata and Bob Zeller , scientists working at San Diego State University , California , have come up with a new , and perhaps unlikely candidate ; the humble sea squirt , Ciona intestinalis .
Sea squirts are tunicates , marine organisms protected by an outer hard tunic with a soft body inside .
Adults spend their lives attached to one spot on underwater structures like the pilings of piers , sucking in water through one siphon , filtering out small plants to eat , and squirting the water back out through another siphon .
However , as long ago as Darwin , it has been recognized that sea squirts may be our closest invertebrate relatives ; in their immature , tadpole form , they resemble proper vertebrates , and they share about 80 % of their genes with us .
Bob Zeller has been a fan of sea squirt tadpoles since starting work with them in the 1990s , when he helped develop a way of introducing foreign DNA into fertilized sea squirt eggs with almost 100 % efficiency , opening the way for their use as model organisms .
He and his colleague Mike Virata decided to see whether it would be possible to model Alzheimer 's disease in the tiny animals , which share all the genes needed for the development of Alzheimer 's plaques in humans .
Incredibly , dosing the sea squirt tadpoles with a mutant protein found in human families with hereditary Alzheimer 's resulted in aggressive development of plaques in the tadpoles ' brains in only a day , and these , along with the accompanying behavioral defects seen in the tadpoles , could be reversed by treating with an experimental anti-plaque forming drug .
This is an important breakthrough , as all other invertebrates tested have been unable to process the plaque - forming protein , and vertebrates take months or years to make plaques .
These exciting results make it a real possibility that sea squirts are an excellent model for testing new drugs in the fight against Alzheimer 's disease .
The study is published in Volume 3 Issue 5/6 of the research journal , Disease Models & Mechanisms ( DMM ) , http://dmm.biologists.org/, published by The Company of Biologists , a non-profit organisation based in Cambridge , UK .
An election rally in Juba , South Sudan .
The Sudan People ’s Liberation Movement / Army has withdrawn from the election in the north , but is standing in the south .
By Kerryn Williams
April 15 , 2010 -- Hailed as the first “ competitive ” , “ open ” , “ multi- party ” elections in Sudan in 24 years , there was little free , fair or open about the national poll that began on April 11 , boycotted by the major opposition parties .
The holding of democratic elections was a key component of the 2005 Comprehensive Peace Agreement ( CPA ) that ended a two - decade civil war between the Sudanese government in Khartoum — ruled by the National Congress Party ( NCP , formerly the National Islamic Front ) since it took power in a 1989 military coup — and the South Sudan People ’s Liberation Movement / Army ( SPLM / A ) .
Al Midan reported that on April 12 , opposition spokesperson Farooq Abu Issa told a media conference at the Sudanese Communist Party ( SCP ) headquarters in Khartoum that the elections had become little more than “ silly games ” .
He said opposition warnings that the elections would be fraudulent had been ignored and described the poll as a “ crime against Sudan and its people ” that would not help establish democracy .
He said the involvement of US officials — who have defended the legitimacy of the elections — in Sudan ’s domestic affairs was unacceptable .
Sudanese Communist Party representative Siddiq Yusuf said the NCP had used its majority in the government to prevent reforms to democratise the electoral process , instead pushing through its harsh security measures and other undemocratic legislation .
Umma Party spokesperson Mariam al Mahdi called for the elections to be annulled .
Opposition boycott
Last September , a conference of more than 20 opposition parties , including the SPLM , the Umma Party and the Sudanese Communist Party , met in the southern capital of Juba to outline prerequisites for a genuine election .
In December , protests demanding electoral reform were attacked by police and many protesters were beaten and detained .
SPLM secretary general Pagan Amum and Yassir Arman , SPLM presidential candidate before the party decided to boycott , were among those arrested .
The National Electoral Commission , mandated to oversee the elections , was appointed by the regime .
In addition to NEC regulations requiring opposition parties to give 72 hours ’ notice before holding election rallies in their own offices and to gain police permission for outside events , the security forces have continued to harass and intimidate those opposed to the government .
The banning of people with criminal records from candidacy excluded many former political prisoners .
The NCP has utilised its control of the mass media and the substantial resources of the state to conduct its campaign , while the opposition has faced continued censorship .
The government has also been accused of rigging the voter registration process .
Sudanese organisations in Australia requested that the NEC establish voting facilities for the thousands of Sudanese migrants now living here , but the commission did n’t respond .
Many Sudanese in Australia fled Sudan as refugees and would likely vote against the government .
In Darfur , ongoing violence and continued emergency rule on top of the massive displacement that has taken place ensured little prospect for genuine elections .
The European Union withdrew its election observers from the region due to concerns for their safety and in the midst of the elections four UN peacekeepers went missing .
In the week before the poll began , the Umma Party announced it would boycott the election at all levels , along with the Sudanese Communist Party and the Umma Reform and Renewal Party .
The SPLM decided to boycott most of the northern polls in addition to the presidential race and elections in Darfur , but to continue to contest in the south .
Reports of irregularities flowed from the minute the vote began .
Some booths did n’t receive voter lists and elsewhere registered voters discovered their names were n’t on the list .
There were complaints of the wrong ballot papers being delivered , candidate names missing from ballot papers and missing or incorrect party symbols or photographs alongside some candidates ’ names ( important in a country where there is substantial illiteracy ) .
The ballot papers were printed on government - own presses .
There were also complaints of booths failing to provide facilities for voting in privacy and booths that did n’t open until many hours after polling officially begun .
In addition to these “ technical ” errors , there were reports across Sudan of voters being harassed by police and numerous arrests of election campaigners .
Journalist Al Haj Ali Warrag was reportedly arrested and charged with “ waging war against the state ” after an article he wrote criticising the rigged elections and supporting the boycott appeared in the April 6 Ajras al - Huriya .
Accusations of voter intimidation have also been levelled in the SPLM - controlled south .
On April 13 , in an attempt to appease discontent , the NEC extended polling for a further two days .
The sham elections follow the failure of Khartoum to implement other aspects of the CPA .
The NCP has retained its monopoly on power and SPLM participation in the central government has been largely limited to token positions .
Little in the way of significant reconstruction has taken place in the south .
Disputes over sharing of oil revenue led to violence erupting in Abyei in 2008 , where many civilians died and tens of thousands were displaced .
The SPLM has also been widely criticised for its governance of the semi-autonomous south , with allegations of corruption and failure to use oil revenue to substantially improve the lives of the millions of people living in the war - ravished region .
A recent survey by aid organisations Medair and Save the Children found that 46 % of children in Akobo , in south - eastern Sudan , are malnourished , prompting UN official Lise Grande to describe it as the “ hungriest place on Earth ” .
Southern Sudan and Darfur
Another key element of the CPA is a referendum on self - determination for South Sudan , which is scheduled to take place in January 2011 .
There is overwhelming support in the south for separation ; however the NCP regime has already sought to manipulate the process .
The SPLM rejected results of the May 2008 national census , which laid the basis for registering voters for the elections and referendum , as rigged .
In January the SPLM accused the NCP of attempting to derail the referendum after President Omar Al Bashir had refused to sign the South Sudan Referendum Act passed in December by parliament .
On March 30 , the AFP quoted the president as saying , “ If the SPLM refuses the elections , we will reject the ( 2011 ) referendum . ”
The NCP and SPLM are also yet to agree on the north - south border , where much of Sudan ’s oil lies .
The NCP has been accused of stirring up ethnic violence to destabilise these areas .
“ We suspect with some evidence that our partners in the north are still training , arming and sending to southern Sudan the former militia groups who fought alongside them during the war ” , General Oyay Deng Ajak , regional cooperation minister in the south who was formerly an SPLA chief of staff , was quoted as saying in the British Telegraph last August 15 .
Alongside the failure to implement the CPA was the continued government - backed genocide in Darfur in Sudan ’s west , which has killed some 300,000 people and displaced at least 3 million .
While the government has signed a series of ceasefire agreements with most of the key rebel groups — the most recent with the Justice and Equality Movement in January and the Liberation and Justice Movement in February — the government has largely used its tried and tested tactic of providing token government positions for key leaders while doing nothing to tackle the root causes of the conflict and misery in the region .
The government also rejected the Darfur groups ’ requests that elections be delayed .
Despite his government ’s well - known central role in the mass murder in Darfur , Al Bashir responded to his indictment for war crimes by the International Criminal Court with a mass publicity campaign attempting to present himself as a heroic defender of Sudanese sovereignty against Western interference .
For Al Bashir , the poll is a chance to consolidate power and legitimise his government and presidency .
A vote for the NCP in Darfur and the disputed oil - rich areas along the north - south border will be used to claim a mandate .
On April 14 , Al Bashir tried to pre-empt the likely rejection of the poll results by announcing that opposition parties including those who boycotted the elections would be invited to participate in the new government .
US support
The US government has continued to defend the elections as flawed but legitimate , despite extensive evidence to the contrary , and as a step forward for democracy in Sudan .
US Special Envoy Scott Gration , who tried to convince the opposition parties to cancel their plans to boycott , declared on April 3 after meeting with the NEC that the election would be “ as free and fair as possible ” .
According to the April 8 - 14 edition of the Cairo - based Al Ahram Weekly , this prompted Al Bashir to announce to an election rally the following week that , “ Even the Americans are members of the NCP now ; no one can defeat us . ”
While Khartoum ’s role in the Darfur genocide has come under criticism by both the Obama and Bush regimes ( pressured by the substantial US public concern about Darfur ) , the US is clearly not currently seeking regime change in Sudan .
Apart from the US being too tied down in Afghanistan , Iraq and elsewhere to contemplate serious intervention into Sudan , there is no clear option for a US - preferred government to replace the NCP .
No opposition party could claim sufficient support alone and democratic elements opposed to US interference including the Communist Party would be significant players in any legitimate alternative coalition government .
Ironically , while Sudan remains on the US list of state sponsors of terrorism , the NCP regime has been an important collaborator in the US “ war on terror ” since 9/11 , sharing the extensive intelligence its security agencies have collected on Islamic and anti-US groups in north Africa and the Middle East .
The Obama regime ’s October policy announcement on Sudan called for an “ orderly path toward two separate and viable states at peace with each other ” following the referendum .
The US is likely viewing the realisation of the South Sudanese people ’s aspirations for independence as an opportunity for greater US control and influence in north Africa and as a chance to lift bans on US investment in Sudan , opening up significant opportunities for US oil companies .
[ Kerryn Williams is an activist with the Socialist Alliance in Sydney , Australia . ]
Shell has dismissed shareholder calls for a review of its controversial oil sands developments .
A group of institutional investors , led by campaign group FairPensions , had tabled a special resolution ahead of the Anglo - Dutch company 's annual meeting next month .
They want Shell to review the commercial and environmental viability of going ahead with its new projects in Canada 's boreal forests .
But the Anglo - Dutch oil company today urged other investors to vote down the resolution .
" Whilst the issues raised by the group of shareholders ... are valid and appreciated ... it would set a precedent which , if applied more generally to the company 's major investment opportunities , would add unnecessary costs and duplication of effort . "
The letter to shareholders , giving notice of the meeting in the Hague on 18 May , added that the company had already provided all the non commercially sensitive information to shareholders about its oil sands projects .
BP , whose annual meeting takes place on Thursday , is facing similar pressure from shareholders over its own oil sands activities .
Shell 's next development phase of its Athabasca joint venture will soon add 100,000 barrels per day .
This will take production from oil sands mining to 4 % of its total production .
About 0.6 % of its current production comes from in situ operations , where the oil is recovered from beneath the ground by drilling .
The campaign led by FairPensions , whose supporters include the Co-operative and trade union Unison , argue that the projects are too big an environmental and economic liability .
They also argue that climate change caused by oil sands development could put at risk shareholders ' other investments .
The issue of oil sands has soared up the political and environmental agenda since the Copenhagen summit highlighted the need for a clampdown on carbon - intensive activities .
Baby survives parents ' global warming suicide pact
A seven - month - old girl survived for three days alone with a bullet in her chest after being shot by her parents as part of a suicide pact over their fears about global warming .
How Feasible is Antonio Villaraigosa 's 30/10 Gambit for Los Angeles Transit ?
» Mayor of nation ’s second - largest city fights to advance city ’s transit planning … by twenty years .
It ’s a job that necessitates a national infrastructure bank that does not yet exist .
Forget that old cliché about Los Angeles .
It ’s not the old highway - obsessed metropolis it used to be .
In fact , as L.A. matures , it ’s densifying , shedding its abhorrence towards public transportation .
The region already has one of the most ambitious transit expansion plans in the country ; a new light rail line to East L.A. opened last year , the Expo light rail line from downtown to Culver City is under construction , and dozens of other routes are in planning throughout Los Angeles County .
The passage in November 2008 of Measure R , an additional half - cent sales tax for transit , means that these projects are n’t just conjectural .
But L.A. Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa , who has always been a strong proponent of new rail and bus lines , is n’t satisfied by the thirty - year timetable that will be required to complete the projects lined up for $ 13.7 billion in local funding .
( Measure R would also fund $ 27 billion in transit operations , maintenance , and roads projects . )
Current financial assumptions indicate that the Mayor ’s highest priority–an extension of the Westside subway ( Purple Line ) to Westwood –would n’t be complete until 2032 .
A fixed guideway link along I -405 between the San Fernando Valley and UCLA would have to wait until 2038 .
For Mr. Villaraigosa , this situation is n’t feasible : he wants his subway as soon as possible , rather than force his city ’s inhabitants to spend decades more in congestion .
But over ten years , Measure R is only expected to bring in about $ 3 billion for transit capital projects –enough to build the first phase of the subway , but nothing else .
Because the Metropolitan Transportation Authority represents L.A. County ’s ten million inhabitants , not just the city ’s four million , prioritizing a line that would provide service to a tiny percentage of the region ’s overall geographic area would not be politically feasible .
In October last year , the mayor suggested an alternative : ask the federal government to loan Metro billions of dollars to complete the majority of the county ’s transit projects , in the city and out , in ten years , rather then thirty .
The transit authority would then pay Washington back for twenty more years as revenues from Measure R trickled in .
The 30/10 proposal would allow Metro to construct the full Westside extension , but also two easterly extensions of the Gold Line , two new branches for the Green Line , several busways in San Fernando Valley , a link along I - 405 , and new light rail lines downtown , along Crenshaw Boulevard , to Santa Monica , and via the West Santa Ana branch corridor .
The West Santa Ana branch corridor would be served by commuter rail .
All by 2020 .
It was a brilliant solution to an intractable political problem by ensuring the extension of transit in corridors everywhere in the county within a tight time frame .
The fight over which lines to prioritize would simply not have to happen .
This “ big bang ” strategy would not only dramatically improve the city ’s public transportation system by opening rapid transit lines to areas of the county previously ignored , but also act as a stimulus for hundreds of thousands of construction workers currently out of work .
But who in Washington would be ready to make such a deal ?
How serious was the mayor anyhow ?
Considering the Mayor ’s schedule over the past several weeks , it appears he ’s dead - set on the proposal .
Last week , he went to Washington to garner the support of several members of Congress , and got it , including from influential Oregon Democratic Representative Peter DeFazio , who chairs the House Subcommittee on Highways and Transit .
California Democratic Senator Barbara Boxer , who is currently running for reelection , announced that she would support the effort .
Secretary of Transportation Ray LaHood signaled that he was open to the opportunity in a meeting in Los Angeles last month .
If the city is able to move forward on the 30/10 project , it will set quite an intriguing precedent for the dozens of other cities across the country currently considering major transit expansion proposals .
The multi-billion - dollar bridge loan Mr. Villaraigosa hopes to have handed over to Metro would be a unique solution to a problem caused by limited short - term revenues .
And it implies that Washington should get into the game of agreeing to act as an investment bank for municipalities that can guarantee a source of income over the long term .
If anything , L.A. ’s proposal is the best example yet of a project that could really take advantage of a national infrastructure bank , which could provide low - interest loans to governmental agencies to pursue major projects of future importance .
The bank would be able to rely on Measure R as an assurance that it will eventually get its money back , and L.A. will be able to benefit from a quick advancement of its rail and bus systems , creating a veritable rapid transit network that in the United States would rival only New York ’s in route length .
But the national infrastructure bank does not yet exist .
Nor does the Federal Transit Administration have the funds or mandate to pursue a similar policy .
So , unless Congress acts on its own , Los Angeles ’ transit plans will continue to be relegated to a thirty - year timetable .
Today , with one senator blocking funding for the Department of Transportation and 2,000 workers currently furloughed , it seems unlikely that politicians in Washington will be able to get their together well enough to fund transit at standard levels , let alone sponsor a national infrastructure bank .
That ’s a disappointment , since the twelve projects Mayor Villaraigosa has selected for investment would each contribute to the creation of a strong transit system in America ’s second city , something that ’s been sorely lacking for decades .
Update , 21 March : The Source revealed last week the Mayor ’s plan for the 30/10 project , demonstrating the planned expenditures as well as expected completion dates for each of the projects , as shown in the updated map above .
Here are the basics :
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Monday , July 27 , 2009 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH H1N1 Shortcut Malware Posted by Mikko @ 11:35 GMT
We ran into another new piece of malware using the " H1N1 " swine flu as a lure .
This one is a shortcut file .
And it 's not a Windows EXE executable that has been renamed to .LNK , it is an actual link file .
Here 's what the file looks like ( md5 : d17e956522f83995654666c0f2343797 ) .
Looking at the file from command prompt , it looks like a harmless shortcut , 1987 bytes in size .
But when you view the contents , you see something suspicious :
Let 's have a look at the properties of the shortcut :
It 's linking to % ComSpec % ?
Does n't sound too good .
Let 's copy and paste where this shortcut is linking to :
That does n't make much sense .
Let 's try break that into smaller pieces to see what it 's doing :
As an end result , clicking on this shortcut will cause your machine to do the following things :
• Connect to an ftp site called www.g03z.com
• Log in with username aa33 and password bb33
• Download a script called p.vbs
• Run the script
So who owns g03z.com ?
Well , it 's Mr. Zzzzggg :
The domain is still up , but the file p.vbs is currently missing from the server , so right now nothing happens .
We detect and block this malicious shortcut .
Vermont has become the latest government to enact an open source software policy , after Secretary of Administration Neale F. Lunderville recently signed a policy developed under state CIO David Tucker 's leadership .
The policy says the Vermont Department of Information and Innovation and other departments should look at open source solutions as part of the procurement process , and are directed to calculate the total cost of ownership for an open source system , including " fixed costs ( direct purchases and licensing ) and operational costs for support , testing , upgrades , maintenance and training , " as part of the procurement process .
Tucker told Government Technology that the idea for a policy began last summer , when as deputy CIO he originated a process for examining open source because there were n't any existing guidelines .
So when Tucker became CIO late last year , he convened a council that met several times and gave input on the new policy .
" There were very strong opinions on the work group that the policy should be written ' shall ' [ use open source ] instead of ' should , ' " Tucker said , " and we went back and forth about that .
The challenge is when you write a policy that says everybody shall do something , and they 're not already doing it , then immediately everybody 's out of compliance on the policy .
I 'm taking an iterative approach to this . "
Tucker said it was important to him that the policy account for the total cost of utilizing open source software , beyond the obvious benefit that agencies would n't have to pay licensing fees up front .
That calculus has become more complex -- and potentially more attractive -- for public - sector CIOs like Tucker who are trying to keep IT services afloat with diminished budgets .
The rise of open source software that comes packaged with vendor support is especially attractive , Tucker said , because cash - strapped government agencies would n't have to add staff for support and management .
Vermont joins a growing number of governments that have adopted policies for open source -- San Francisco and California being two recent examples .
Tucker said his department will put the policy into practice when it comes time to update the state 's e-mail system , which is currently running on Microsoft Exchange 2007 .
The state will consider proprietary software , cloud e-mail and open source solutions , he said .
" Quite frankly , we sometimes get criticized for the money we spend on proprietary software and there are certainly people in the IT community who work for the state of Vermont who have a viewpoint that there should be more use of open source , " he said .
Looking for the latest gov tech news as it happens ?
Subscribe to GT newsletters .
he movie Adam depicts a romance between a “ normal ” young woman and a guy with Asperger ’s Syndrome .
In the theater , between wiping away bouts of teary snot , I got to wondering – could I date a guy with a disability ?
And then I realized many men I ’ve dated have been far more fucked up than most people with diagnosed afflictions …
THOMAS - Heteroamnesia
Thomas was lanky , unshaven , brilliant , and robustly gay .
He loved to dance to Gaga .
He loved to prod ignorant meatheads into saying something homophobic and then bask in the awkward post - homosexuality - reveal glow .
I loved him so , and when he slipped his hand onto my leg one hazy night , I went with it .
A few weeks later we happened again .
And then again .
And again .
And then one day when I ask him to be my date to a friend ’s wedding he blurts out , “ Yeah , but you know I ’m gay , right ? ” JOEY - Orgasmophrenia
Joey did not have a very exciting bedroom repertoire , but he had a very active imagination .
Every time we hooked up for more than maybe 5 minutes , without fail , even if I had made no Meg Ryan - esque moanings , even if I was still fully clothed , Joey would assume I ’d orgasmed .
Bewildered and confused , I could n’t muster up the courage to mention our miscommunication for weeks .
When I finally did , Joey was so pissed at me for “ faking it ” that he dumped me .
RICK - KleptoAlcoholManicism
We first started dating when he woke up in my apartment one morning and assumed we ’d hooked up the night before .
We had n’t .
Everyone knows you should n’t date a drunk but , here in our troublesome youth , we ’re all kind of drunks , right ?
We only dated for two and half weeks , at which point I realized my stocked ( thank you grandpa , may you rest in peace ) liquor cabinet was completely empty .
And without the booze , the relationship just was n’t the same .
TONI - OCDD ( Obsessive Compulsive Digital Disorder )
Other than the awkward name - spelling , Toni was great .
Funny , charming and emotionally effusive .
At first his “ Ca n’t wait to see you ! ” and “ Happy half - groundhog ’s day ! ” facebook wall comments were cute , but after about the 16th “ Looks like you had fun ! ” my friend pointed out that his dedicated doting was bullshit .
Or , more accurately , piss .
Territory - marking piss .
When I attempted to discretely remove his markings , he accelerated - commenting on the comments of friends , tagging me in photos I absolutely was not in , and liking things I KNEW he did not like at all .
In real life , Toni was great , but OCDD is too contagious .
My facebook - stalker - stalking got out of control and we had to break up .
TRISTAN - Postgradophilia
When I was 22 , I dated a man who was 36 .
Actually , from about 21 to 23 , I was courted by a lot of guys in the 34 - 42 range .
At the time it seemed harmless and fun , and not identifiable as a trend .
But at 25 , I ca n’t remember the last time I was hit on by a Gen - Xer .
This weekend , I looked critically around the bar and noticed that most of the oldishman bar - goers were after post - grads .
But I guess I get it .
When I think about the things I was willing to do at 22 , I ca n’t really blame them at all .
Published online 16 December 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.1143
Corrected online :
News
Sequencing of skin and lung cancers show that many mutations could be prevented .
Sun and smoke leave their fingerprints on cancer genomes .
MOREDUN ANIMAL HEALTH LTD / SCIENCE PHOTO LIBRARY
Researchers have completed the genetic sequences of two types of cancer — skin cancer and small - cell lung cancer — revealing that the genomes bear the hallmarks of their respective carcinogens : sun and smoke .
Worldwide , the two diseases kill a total of nearly 250,000 people each year , despite the fact that they are largely preventable .
Tumours develop when a normal cell 's DNA is damaged , allowing that cell to proliferate unchecked .
By sequencing and cataloguing all the mutations in a single tumour type from multiple individuals , scientists aim to identify the genes that are most susceptible to damage , to understand the processes underlying DNA repair , and to develop drugs that counteract certain types of damage .
Scientists from the Cancer Genome Project at the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute in Hinxton , near Cambridge , UK , and their collaborators at partner institutions describe the genetic sequences of cell lines derived from patients with small - cell lung cancer1 or malignant melanom a2 .
The studies are published online today in Nature .
“ Every pack of cigarettes is like a game of Russian roulette . ”
Peter Campbell
Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute , Hinxton
These papers mark the completion of the fourth and fifth cancer - cell genomes to be sequenced , and come just one year after a team from Washington University School of Medicine in St Louis published the first cancer genome , from a patient with leukaemia3 .
The breast - cancer genome was published by a Canadian - led consortium in October this year4 , and dozens more sequences are expected to come out of The Cancer Genome Atlas Program of the US National Cancer Institute in Bethesda , Maryland — a project that is slated to receive US $ 275 million over the next two years from the National Institutes of Health .
" We are in the middle of an explosive development in cancer - genome sequencing , " says Matthew Meyerson , a cancer - genomics expert at the Dana - Farber Cancer Institute in Boston , Massachusetts , who was not involved in the research .
" Whole - genome sequencing is the wave of the future for both cancer - gene discovery and , eventually , for cancer diagnosis . "
Fifteen cigarettes , another mutation
Peter Campbell , a haemotologist and cancer - genomics expert at the Sanger Institute who worked on the latest studies , says that the number of genetic mutations they identified — 33,345 for melanoma and 22,910 for lung cancer — was remarkable .
The mutations were not distributed evenly throughout the genome — many were present outside of gene - coding regions , suggesting that cells had repaired damaged DNA in those key regions .
Campbell says that the findings help to answer lingering questions about whether carcinogens cause most mutations directly , or if cancer itself contributes to the mutations by disrupting the function of DNA - repair mechanisms .
The team found that most mutations were single - base DNA substitutions that could be traced to the carcinogenic effects of chemicals in tobacco smoke ( in the case of the small - cell lung cancer genome ) or ultraviolet light ( in the melanoma genome ) , supporting the idea that these two cancers are largely preventable .
The team estimates that every 15 cigarettes smoked results in a DNA mutation .
" Every pack of cigarettes is like a game of Russian roulette , " Campbell says .
" Most of those mutations will land where nothing happens in the genome and wo n't do major damage , but every once in a while they 'll hit a cancer gene . "
ADVERTISEMENT
The lung - cancer study also identified one recurrent mutation — a duplication of the chromatin - remodelling gene CHD7 , which regulates the activity of other genes .
The team had already identified the existence of this mutation in 2008 , but the current study1 confirms its presence in three independent cell lines .
Such recurrent mutations could point to key cancer genes that may be useful drug targets .
Some scientists , however , are more circumspect about the benefits of cancer - genome sequencing .
Steve Elledge , an expert in DNA damage and cancer genetics at Harvard Medical School in Boston , Massachusetts , was impressed with the new analysis but says that the potential impact on cancer diagnosis and treatment will not be fully felt until scientists have hundreds of sequences at hand — a costly prospect .
" It 's still very expensive , and I think all these efforts should be coupled with an equal amount of effort on studying gene function , " he says .
Corrected :
This article previously stated that each cigarette smoked could result in an estimated 15 DNA mutations .
In fact , the typical smoker would acquire one mutation for every 15 cigarettes smoked .
The great Douglas Bowman leaves Google :
Yes , it ’s true that a team at Google could n’t decide between two blues , so they ’re testing 41 shades between each blue to see which one performs better .
I had a recent debate over whether a border should be 3 , 4 or 5 pixels wide , and was asked to prove my case .
I ca n’t operate in an environment like that .
I ’ve grown tired of debating such miniscule design decisions .
There are more exciting design problems in this world to tackle .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Oil fell in choppy trade on Monday as investors sold off a rally above $ 80 a barrel and the dollar strengthened against the euro .
Crude had risen earlier on Monday but lost steam above $ 80 , near the top of a range that has been in place over the past few months .
The euro fell against the dollar on Monday as uncertainty remained over a bailout package for debt - strapped Greece , adding pressure to crude prices .
< USD />
U.S. crude for April delivery fell $ 1.33 to $ 78.33 a barrel by 1:47 p.m. EST ( 1847 GMT ) , after climbing as much as 96 cents earlier .
On Friday , the contract settled up $ 1.49 at $ 79.66 and posted its biggest monthly percentage gain since May 2009 .
London Brent crude fell $ 1.07 to $ 76.52 .
“ We ’re seeing some reallocation to short positions and the euro ’s weakness also was part of it and after the strong February you had the failure to push above $ 81 , ” said Richard Ilczyszyn senior market strategist at Lind - Waldock in Chicago .
Prices have traded in a range between $ 69 and $ 84 a barrel since last October , but $ 80 a barrel is being reinforced as a key resistance level , analysts said .
A man refuels his car at a petrol station in Sydney October 26 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Daniel Munoz
Investors have looked to wider economic data over the past year for signs of economic recovery and a potential rebound in energy demand .
The U.S. manufacturing sector grew in February but at a slower rate than expected , according to an industry report released on Monday .
The Institute for Supply Management ( ISM ) said its index of national factory activity declined to 56.5 in February from 58.4 in January .
The median forecast of 80 economists surveyed by Reuters was for a reading of 57.5 .
The rise in the dollar against the euro helped pressure crude .
Oil prices have often fallen this year when the dollar firms , making crude more costly for holders of other currencies .
A stronger dollar can also signal investors plowing funds into safe havens and away from assets considered more risky , including commodities .
COPPER COMMODITY
Oil rallied earlier on a combination of bullish sentiment and a rise in the price of copper futures following a massive earthquake on Saturday in Chile , the top producer of the industrially indispensable metal .
Chile ’s state energy company ENAP said it was boosting diesel imports after two of its oil refineries -- Aconcagua and Bio Bio with a combined capacity of 220,000 barrels per day -- were damaged in Saturday ’s quake .
On Sunday a senior military official from Iran , the world ’s fourth - largest exporter of crude , said the country could make European nations suffer by cutting off energy supplies and could target any adversary with its missiles .
Iran is disputing its nuclear energy program with the United States and its allies , who say it is aimed at developing weapons .
Tehran says it is only interested in power generation and medical research .
Oil traders will look to economic reports this week , with key focus on U.S. jobless data on Friday , that should give more clues on consumer spending , and U.S. home loans on Wednesday .
The U.S. Energy Information Administration will release its weekly crude inventory report on Wednesday .
According to a preliminary Reuters poll of analysts , crude stocks rose by 1.3 million barrels last week , while distillate stocks fell by 600,000 barrels and gasoline stocks rose by 400,000 barrels .
The other day I saw a TV show about a high school glee club .
It was imaginative and amusing entertainment , but as I looked at that fictional school with its full - time credentialed teachers , plentiful enrichment programs , a magnificent fully - equipped auditorium , and club rehearsal spaces replete with fine instruments and sophisticated electronics , I could n’t help but think of a letter I received earlier this year from a parent whose children attend an all - Black , overwhelmingly - poor school .
Here is a portion of what she wrote :
I started working on the Pen or Pencil Initiative at XXXX
High School in October , 2009 .
I usually go to the school
once a week to work with the students .
What I found at XXXX
High School has been unbelievable .
First of all the facilities are some of the worst I have
ever seen .
The bathrooms were filthy .
I walked in to the
bathroom and had to immediately turn around and walk out .
The students told me that they did not use the bathrooms
because they were in such bad shape .
A lot of the toilets
did not flush .
Stalls are missing .
Some of the sinks did
not work , or were leaking so badly that they had to
disconnect them .
There was no hot water , and in some cases no water at all in
the bathroom so that the children could wash their hands .
In
some cases , there was no toilet tissue .
So I concluded that
the “ students could not wash their hands or wash their
booties ” .
The students told me that they would “ hold ” it all
day or call their parents to come sign them out of school ,
take them home to use the bathroom , and then bring them back
to the school .
In my opinion , it is not an environment
conducive to learning and growing for high school youth .
It
is rather a very thuggish environment .
For Martin Luther King Day of Service , the Pen or Pencil
students and myself led a volunteer effort to repair and
sanitize the bathrooms ( I paid for this ) , and then have the
volunteers clean , scrub , and paint all the bathrooms at XXXX
High School .
Although the bathrooms were cleaned and
repaired on MLK Day , I do not know if the school has been
able to maintain them .
The staff has said that they do not
have cleaning supplies , and with no hot water , it is not
easy to keep them clean .
Also , on MLK day , we attempted to
steam - clean the carpet .
It too was and is filthy .
However ,
with no hot water and 200 volunteers we could not get much
done .
Besides the facilities , I also discovered that the students
do not have textbooks .
They have a few books in the
classroom , dated between 1984 and 1992 with most of them
torn and many pages missing , ( not enough so that each child
can have one ) and the students do not take any texbooks home
to do homework .
My understanding is that they do not have
homework .
( I personally have not seen a student with a
textbook ) .
The students have complained to me that they want to learn
and get a good education , but they feel that they are not
being taught by the teachers .
The students have expressed
regrets about not learning very much at school .
They have
also complained that the teachers are absent from school at
lot , and they get sent to the gym to sit until the class
period is over .
Additionally , there are very few computers in the classrooms
or the library that work .
Probably , between 3 and 5 in the
library , and maybe 8 to 12 in computer - discover class .
Some
students were assigned to this class , who are now being sent
home during that class period because there are not ample
computers .
Lack of ample textbooks , lack of ample computers — how are
children to learn ?
The students have told me that they do not have enough
teachers for their required courses so they must spend a lot
of time in the gym and / or in PE for 2 class periods a day .
( One ninth - grader told me that she has only 2 academic
classes a day ; the other time she must spend in the gym
either in PE or just sitting in the gym .
Many of the
students in the 11th and 12th grade go home between 12 and 2
every day because they do not have any classes to go to .
Some of these same children are not passing the state
required test , and almost half of the senior class is not
graduating because they have not passed the required test .
Nevertheless , they are scheduled to end their school day at
12 noon every school day .
No music , no art , no band , no foreign languages , ( at one
time , no English 1 , because of a long - term teacher vacancy ) .
They do not have study periods or library periods or
activity periods .
There is no in - school suspension , and children are being
suspended from school on a regular basis .
This is my list of TextMate ‘s keyboard shortcuts that are very useful for Ruby and Rails developers , but are not used as widely as they should ( according to my very scientific observation on a very representative sample , i.e. my colleagues ) .
I skipped all the obvious ones ( like “ open file ” , “ save file ” , “ go to next window ” , “ close window ” etc. ) that most people use anyway .
My list includes shortcuts that are very useful but sometimes might be hard to grasp at first or might require a little explanation .
Built-in
The following shortcuts are either built - in TextMate function or belong to built - in bundles .
You do n’t have to install anything for them to work .
alt - cmd - down — Go To Alternate File
This is one of the most valuable commands and it makes TextMate almost as smart as an IDE ( which it is n’t ( which is good ) ) providing quick navigation between related files .
This command behaves differently depending on where you are .
If you use it in a model class , it opens the unit test ( or propose to create one if there is n’t ) .
From unit test it will jump back to the model .
If you use it in some controller ’s action , it will jump to corresponding view file ( and back ) .
Using it on controller ’s name takes you to the functional test ( and vice versa ) .
And so on .
There is also a not - so - smart counterpart , alt - shift - cmd - down , which lets you select one of the related files to open .
ctrl-shift - D — Duplicate Line / Selection
This is faster than cmd-C / cmd-V , provided that you want the copy to be inserted just after the original .
It ’s nice that this macro is smart : normally it will duplicate line but when you select something , only the selected text is duplicated .
alt-cmd -] — Align Assignments
This is great for prettifying code .
Whenever you have some consecutive assignments , for example :
first = 3 second = " some string " third = : lorem_ipsum last = " but not least "
… just place cursor on one of the lines and press alt - cmd - ] to have those assignments nicely aligned :
first = 3 second = " some string " third = : lorem_ipsum last = " but not least "
By a coincidence ( or by design , I do n’t know ) , this also works with multi- line hashes , for example :
link_to " Click me " , some_path , : class => " some classes " , :rel => " iframe " , : title => " Some title "
The “ rockets ” => were also auto - aligned with alt - cmd - ] .
The command is not very smart and aligns all the consecutive lines containing equality sign which sometimes leads to undesirable effects ( but nothing a cmd - Z could n’t fix ) .
To prevent this select only those lines you want aligned .
ctrl-cmd -T — Select bundle item
If you know that some command , snippet or macro exists , this command helps you find the shortcut for it .
This is also great for finding snippets of code that you type again and again .
Tired of typing validates_presence_of time and time again ?
Fret no more .
Just fire “ Select bundle item ” dialog , type first letters of it ( like vpo ) and discover that ( thanks to Rails bundle ) it ’s just vp < Tab > .
Vertical blocks
Most of the “ serious ” editors for developers support them but in TextMate they are as good as in Vim .
This means that not only you can select vertical blocks ( with alt - dragging ) , cut , copy and paste them , but you can also edit them !
So if you have to correct something over several aligned lines , you can do it at once .
For example , let ’s say that we have some code like this :
foo.first = ... foo.second = ... foo. third = ...
and you want to change all the foo ‘s into bar ‘s .
Of course , you could use Search and Replace , but vertical blocks are much faster and easier in this case .
Just select the block of foo ‘s ( with alt - dragging ) and start typing bar .
You ’ll see that foo ‘s disappeared and bar ‘s are typed into all the selected lines at once .
Are n’t vertical blocks wonderful ?
Search and Replace
When I first started using TextMate , I thought that the Search and Replace dialog is not very developer friendly .
But then I learned the shortcuts to various S/R subfunctions that allow you to perform most of simple S/R operations without even opening the dialog .
For example , if you want to replace foo ‘s with bar ‘s ( and have both words somewhere in the editor ) , the procedure is :
select foo ( with double - click or ctrl - W ) press cmd-E ( that ’s “ Use Selection for Find ” ) select bar press shift - cmd - E ( that ’s “ Use Selection for Replace ” ) press cmd-G to Find Next occurrence if you want to replace it , press alt - cmd - F which is the Replace & Find command and will , quite appropriately , replace the occurrence and find next one if you do n’t want to replace it , press cmd -G again .
This looks complicated , but once you master the shortcuts , it will be much faster for you than using the S/R dialog .
There are more of them , for a full list refer to Edit → Find menu in TextMate .
Regular expressions
It ’s not that you should n’t ever use the S/R dialog .
If you did you could n’t use another powerful feature — regular expression support for search and replace .
If you grok regexps ( and you should ) you can quickly perform some tedious editing tasks that otherwise could take you many minutes ( not to mention the bugs you would introduce ) .
I wo n’t go into details here but it ’s worth noting that in the Replace edit box you can use $ 1 , $ 2 etc. to refer to groups captured in parentheses in the Find box .
ctrl - S — Incremental search
Another searching function , this time it ’s for Emacs lovers .
This one is a little bit confusing at first ( especially if you come from Windows and want to save a file , heh ) , because the text you type after hitting ctrl - S appears in the status bar at the bottom of TextMate window .
No wonder it ’s hard to spot when you hit it by accident .
But once you overcome this difficulties , this is one of the fastest ways to locate a method or variable in a file .
ctrl -{ — Toggle ‘ do … end ’ / ‘{ … }’
In Ruby , the difference between do end and { } blocks is very small — they differ only in the precedence , which for most practical purposes means that any additional function arguments must be in parentheses for { } while do end does not require them .
There is however quite a strong convention that { } should not be multiline ( i.e. contain more than one statement / expression ) while do end should rather be longer than one line .
There is also another convention that if you call some methods on the block result , you should use { } because it looks better ( compare : arr.map { ... }.flatten versus arr.map do ... end.flatten ) .
The interchangeability and all of these conventions mean that you ’ll probably need to convert { } blocks to do end blocks ( and vice versa ) quite a lot .
And that ’s why this shortcut is very helpful .
Be warned however that it ’s only a ( not so ) simple search / replace macro so it works for about 80 % of cases and the more complicated ones will confuse it .
BTW the shortcut for it is ctrl - { which means that you ’ll actually have to press three keys : ctrl- shift -[ .
RubyAMP
And now for a couple of shortcuts from the brilliant RubyAMP package .
If you do n’t use it , you better start — it ’s loaded with useful shortcuts and macros .
The ones I use all the time are :
cmd-; —
Complete word from all open documents
This is word completion on steroids .
It works like TextMate ’s esc key but searches all open documents .
Extremely useful .
alt - shift-m/c/f —
Grep for method / class / file
Another set of IDE - like shortcuts .
alt - shift - m locates the definition of the method under the cursor ( also works with relations like has_many and model attributes if you use annotate_models plugin ) .
Use alt - shift - c to jump to class or module under the cursor ( also works with constants ) .
And finally alt - shift - f opens a file with a name that matches what ’s under the cursor .
ctrl -alt - L — Pretty align
This is a more sophisticated version of TextMate ’s built - in Align Assignments .
It requires you to select the lines you want aligned ( no auto - detection ) and then enter what should be aligned ( e.g. = , => or : ) .
I generally use it when Align Assignments fails .
alt-e — Show Open Windows
Great when you open so many files simultaneously that their tabs do n’t fit in TextMate window .
News broke yesterday that Comedy Central would no longer allow popular video site Hulu to present episodes of " The Daily Show " and " The Colbert Report . "
The Hollywood Reporter asked Viacom if the network intends to go after websites or bloggers who post unauthorized clips .
" Yes , we intend to do so , " PR rep Tony Fox told THR .
" My feeling is if ( websites ) are making money on our copyrighted content , then that is a problem . "
World Population day is an annual event , observed on July 11 every year , which seeks to raise awareness of global population issues .
The event was established by the Governing Council of the United Nations Development Programme in 1989 .
It was inspired by the public interest in Five Billion Day on July 11 , 1987 - approximately the date on which the world 's population reached five billion people .
World Population
Day aims at increase people 's awareness on various population issues such as the importance of family planning , gender equality , poverty , maternal health and human rights .
A population is the number of all the organisms of the same group or species , which live in a particular geographical area .
The world 's population is estimated by the United States Census Bureau to be 7.513 billion .
In the future , the world 's population is expected to peak , after which it will decline due to economic reasons , health concerns , land exhaustion and environmental hazards .
Human overpopulation occurs when the ecological footprint of a human population in a specific geographical location exceeds the carrying capacity of the place occupied by that group .
Overpopulation can further be viewed , in a long term perspective , as existing when a population cannot be maintained given the rapid depletion of non-renewable resources or given the degradation of the capacity of the environment to give support to the population .
By educating students , we can save lives , strengthen families , fight poverty , preserve the environment , and help achieve a world population that can live in harmony with the planet .
Welcome to the Newton Project
The Newton Project is a non-profit organization dedicated to publishing in full an online edition of all of Sir Isaac Newton ’s ( 1642 –1727 ) writings — whether they were printed or not .
The edition presents a full ( diplomatic ) rendition featuring all the amendments Newton made to his own texts or a more readable ( normalised ) version .
We also make available translations of his most important Latin religious texts .
Although Newton is best known for his theory of universal gravitation and discovery of calculus , his interests were much broader than is usually appreciated .
In addition to his celebrated scientific and mathematical writings , Newton also wrote many alchemical and religious texts and he left many administrative papers in his role as Warden and then Master of the Mint .
it also reminds me of tacky antiques .
in the best possible way .
Tags
When the first Austrian Scholars Conference was held in 1992 , we were at the very beginning of the Great Bubble Economy , brought to you by Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke and their associates at the Fed .
This shiny , bubbly " new economy " has finally gone the way of all bubble economies in history , deflating into stale dishwater and swirling slowly but surely down the recessionary drain .
But it has left in its wake something truly amazing , something that never could have been foreseen : a second Austrian revival .
The first Austrian revival blossomed in 1974 as a result of the conjunction of two unique events .
In June , a group of 50 Austrian economists and graduate students met in the tiny hamlet of South Royalton , Vermont .
( Some participants still swear that the place was haunted , but that is a story for another day . )
In October , Friedrich A. Hayek , a protégé of Ludwig von Mises and an eminent economist in his own right , was awarded the Nobel Prize in economics for his pathbreaking theoretical work on money , capital , and business cycles .
But despite these events , Austrian economic theory did not leave much of an impression on mainstream economics .
Nor did it make inroads into the economic journalism and financial commentary of the day .
Hayek and Murray N. Rothbard , Mises 's preeminent American follower , were relegated to the " soft " areas of economics , like methodology , political economy , and social philosophy .
True , some mainstream economists did admit that the Austrians had insightful criticisms of positivist methodology and that they made a provocative , albeit extreme , case against socialism and for the free - market economy .
But Austrian economic theory itself was either completely ignored or dismissed out of hand as backward and outmoded .
Thus many young Austrians soon abandoned research in technical economic theory altogether and drifted off into methodology and comparative economic systems , where they could at least get a hearing for their views .
Unfortunately , the lofty theorists of the mainstream considered these areas the intellectual backwaters of economics , whose inhabitants were mere essayists .
" Recognizing the inability of their sophisticated models to predict or even explain the financial collapse and subsequent Great Recession , leading macroeconomic theorists of the day have lapsed back into raw and simplistic Keynesianism . "
All that has now changed with the sudden implosion of the false prosperity that was built upon more than a decade of low interest rates and fiat - money inflation .
Without a landmark conference or the fanfare of another Nobel Prize winner , a second Austrian revival has grown spontaneously out of the failure of mainstream macroeconomists to adequately explain the inflation and bursting of the high - tech and real - estate bubbles .
The subsequent collapse and the Fed bailout and virtual nationalization of the entire financial sector also caught the macroeconomists completely unawares , overturning their theory of central banking and monetary - stabilization policy that had been so carefully developed in countless journal articles since the 1980s .
We can date the second Austrian revival almost precisely to the fall of 2008 .
From that point on , the use of online Austrian resources on Mises.org abruptly doubled from one year earlier , as investors , media commentators , and the public at large frantically sought answers from all quarters while witnessing one iconic financial institution after another topple into bankruptcy .
In addition , the Austrians have benefitted from bestselling books , public figures who champion their cause , prominent financial experts who defend the Austrian point of view , new research tools made available via digital media , and a burst of new interest from a new generation .
But happily , unlike the first revival , the second revival of Austrian economics has focused on the economic theory of Mises , Hayek , and Rothbard .
Paul Krugman and Brad DeLong , two prominent ultra-Keynesians , now felt compelled to learn about and try to refute the Austrian theory of the business cycle .
Other macroeconomists such as Lee Ohanian of UCLA were inspired to reexamine the historical record and found that Rothbard was right about the causes of the severity of the Great Depression .
In an article published in one of the leading mainstream theoretical journals , the Journal of Economic Theory , Ohanian concluded ,
My analysis also provides a theory for why low nominal spending — deficient aggregate demand — generated such a large depression in the 1930s , but not in the early 1920s , which was a period of comparable deflation , but when industrial firms cut nominal wages considerably .
In the absence of Hoover 's program , my analysis indicates that the Depression would have been much less severe .
The 1930s would have been a substantially better economic decade had the government not adopted programs that artificially raised real wages in industrial labor markets and prevented those markets from clearing .
Recognizing the inability of their sophisticated models to predict or even explain the financial collapse and subsequent Great Recession , leading macroeconomic theorists of the day have lapsed back into raw and simplistic Keynesianism .
They call for ever more fiscal and monetary stimulus via massive deficits and zero interest rates .
These traditional stimulus policies have failed to ignite a strong recovery even though they were implemented on a massive scale .
But the manifest failure of such policies does not give their proponents pause ; it only incites them to propose ever more bizarre schemes .
One such proposal is inspired by the monetary crank Silvio Gesell , who Keynes once called a " strange , unduly neglected prophet . "
The modern version of Gesell 's plan calls for a tax on the public 's bank deposits and currency holdings as a means of driving nominal interest rates below zero and thereby stimulating total spending .
The only coherent alternative to this antiquated Keynesianism and monetary crankism is Austrian monetary and business - cycle theory .
It is the 1930s revisited .
The dust has settled , and the wreckage of modern macroeconomics has been cleared , and once again the Hayekians face the Keynesians across the intellectual battlefield .
Indeed this message has been brought home even to the layperson in the recent online Keynes– Hayek rap - video sensation , " Fear the Boom and Bust , " produced by John Papola and Russ Roberts .
It is important to note that the renewal of interest in Austrian theory might have never occurred or quickly fizzled out if the resources had not been available to support it .
These intellectual resources were provided by the Mises Institute , which almost singlehandedly kept the Austrian tradition in monetary and business - cycle analysis alive .
Examples abound .
Rothbard 's America 's Great Depression was kept in print , and a second edition of his Mystery of Banking was brought out in 2008 .
Prices and Production and Other Works , a collection of Hayek 's most important theoretical writings , many long out of print , was published in 2008 .
This was followed by A Tiger by the Tail in 2009 , a compact collection of excerpts from Hayek 's work , tailored to a popular audience .
The Mises Institute also published fresh perspectives on Austrian macroeconomics , most notably Jesús Huerta de Soto 's treatise on Money , Bank Credit , and Economic Cycles , published in 2006 and , in a second edition , in 2009 .
In addition , the Mises Institute has made available online almost all the important works in Austrian economic theory that have been published since the founding of the school by Carl Menger in 1871 .
The result of all this material and intellectual preparation is that the battle between the Austrians and Keynesians is likely to turn out very differently this time around .
The Austrians are well armed with sound and true theoretical weapons that have been renewed and enhanced since the clashes of the 1930s .
Keynesianism in all its variations has been repeatedly tried and found wanting .
It has lost its tactical advantage : it is no longer new and never was true .
Its intellectual leaders are in a state of disarray and confusion .
The long run is at hand for Keynesianism , and it is ready to be interred .
So this year the Austrian Scholars Conference marks something very special .
We gathered , not just to teach and learn from one another , but to set the agenda for the future of economic science .
The Census questionnaires should ask one and only one question , according to the Libertarian Party .
The party says the Constitution outlines the task of Census officials , to find out how many people are where .
Executive Director of the Libertarian Party Wes Benedict says only one question is valid … how many people live in your residence ?
Benedict says the Constitution empowers Congress to use census numbers to apportion Representatives correctly and for no other purpose , so there ’s no need to collect additional information such as names , races , ages , sexes , or home ownership status .
The 2010 Census asks ten questions .
Benedict says that ’s nine too many .
Forms went out March 15 and are due back by April 1 .
The Libertarian Party ’s push is for less government , and Benedict says the Census is just one example of the Government using citizens ’ private information for government business .
He cites the Patriot Act as an example of how the Government abuses information it collects from the public .
“ Unfortunately , the federal government wants to use the additional information to fine tune its control over the lives and money of the American people , ” says Libertarian Party Chairman William Redpath .
“ The Census Bureau promises that they will keep everything confidential , but they have broken that promise in the past .
As David Kopel of the libertarian Cato Institute has pointed out , during World War I , the Census Bureau handed over lists of names and addresses so the federal government could search for draft resisters .
And , shockingly , during World War II , the Census Bureau told the Justice Department which neighborhoods had high concentrations of Japanese - Americans .
The federal government then used that information to find Japanese - Americans and imprison them in concentration camps . ”
Another concern for the Libertarian party is cost .
“ The 2010 census is expected to cost over $ 14 billion .
A recent report from the Inspector General of the Department of Commerce indicates that preparations for the 2010 census have already been filled with waste and bloat .
A proper census , limited to just a headcount , would be far less expensive .
AUDIO : Jessica Machetta report [ 1 min MP3 ]
FIRST the crime , then the lie .
After the massacre in April 1940 of 20,000 - plus captured Polish officers by Stalin ’s NKVD secret police , during the Nazi-Soviet carve - up of Poland , came five decades during which the Soviet Union blamed it on the Germans .
Russian media still sometimes peddle Soviet lies , mostly amid official silence .
The files are sealed .
Victims ’ relatives are suing Russia in the European Court of Human Rights .
But now Russia ’s prime minister , Vladimir Putin , has invited his Polish counterpart , Donald Tusk , to attend a ceremony on the 70th anniversary of the massacre at its site , in Russia .
That matters : Russian television viewers will for the first time see their leaders publicly accepting the true story .
The phone call followed two years of patient diplomacy by the soft - spoken Mr Tusk , who has created a rapport with Mr Putin .
Notably , he brought the Russian prime minister last September to an event in Gdansk marking the 70th anniversary of the outbreak of war .
That was tricky .
Like many Russians , Mr Putin prefers to commemorate the tens of millions of Soviet war - dead than to be reminded that the Soviet Union and Nazi Germany were allies before they were foes .
But the event went smoothly .
Poland ’s foreign minister , the once - hawkish Radek Sikorski , is being similarly canny .
He has asked a predecessor , Adam Rotfeld , to get Russian and Polish historians to find consensus on the facts .
Stanislaw Budzik , a senior Polish bishop , has been mending fences with Russia ’s Orthodox church .
Some Orthodox monks visited Czestochowa , Poland ’s holiest Catholic shrine , last year .
During the war their monastery was used to intern 6,000 Poles who were then killed by the Soviets .
The monks want to build a commemorative chapel .
Along with Orthodox and Catholic leaders , senior Jewish figures may attend a religious ceremony at the Katyn site in September .
Among the many hundreds of Jewish officers and reservists murdered was Baruch Steinberg , the chief rabbi of the Polish army .
Poles may sense a sell - out : Mr Putin ’s language at Gdansk last year fell short of the kowtow that some desire ; it may be the same at Katyn .
But the thinking in Warsaw is that rubbing Russian noses in past crimes and demanding compensation has proved fruitless .
A softer approach may work better .
Yesterday , EFF Senior Staff Attorney Kevin Bankston testified before Congress , urging that the federal wiretapping law be updated to protect Americans against secret video surveillance just as it protects against covert electronic eavesdropping .
The Subcommittee on Crime and Drugs of the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee was prompted to hold the hearing , titled " Video Laptop Surveillance : Does Title III Need to Be Updated ? " , in response to reports that school administrators in Pennsylvania secretly spied on students in their homes by remotely activating the webcams on school - issued laptops .
" Title III " refers the federal privacy statute that regulates electronic eavesdropping and the wiretapping of telephone and Internet communications .
Unfortunately , as Bankston and other witnesses explained at the hearing , Title III does not regulate video surveillance , even though it can be just as invasive as eavesdropping .
In his testimony , Bankston argued to Subcommittee Chairman Arlen Specter ( D - PA ) that the need to fill this glaring gap in the law has taken on new urgency with the rapid proliferation of web cams :
" Any camera controlled by software on a computer that is connected to the Internet carries the risk that the camera will be remotely activated without the knowledge or consent of the user , " Bankston testified .
" With millions upon millions of laptop web cams routinely being carried into the home and other private spaces , surreptitious video surveillance has become a newly pervasive threat , " a threat that the law must be updated to address .
Bankston urged Congress to amend the law to better protect Americans from secret video surveillance , by clarifying that the government has to get a search warrant based on probable cause before engaging in unconsented video surveillance of the home or any other private place , and by prohibiting such surveillance by anyone else , be it a stalker , a computer criminal , your employer or your school .
At the conclusion of the hearing , Senator Specter agreed that it was time to close this gap in the law and said that he intended to introduce legislation this year to provide new privacy protections against video spying .
Ahmadinejad has been a strong backer of Iran 's nuclear programme
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has applied for a visa to visit the United States next week , the US says .
The application is apparently motivated by his wish to be at the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) review conference starting on Monday .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will be among more than 30 foreign ministers attending the opening day of discussions at the United Nations .
The US says Iran is trying to build a nuclear weapon , but Tehran denies this .
The US ambassador to the United Nations , Susan Rice , said : " My understanding is that as of today he ( Mr Ahmadinejad ) has filed an application for a visa . "
Tehran says its nuclear energy programme is for peaceful , civilian purposes .
But the US and five other powers - Britain , China , France , Russia and Germany - are discussing proposed new UN sanctions against Iran for its refusal to halt uranium enrichment , a key step on the road to creating nuclear weapons .
KFC introduces ' sandwich ' with buns made of CHICKEN instead of bread ( but at 1,228 calories , it 's not exactly healthy )
From a quick glance at the menu , a ' bunless chicken sandwich ' might sound like the ideal meal for slimmers .
Kentucky Fried Chicken is appealing to its carb - conscious customers by launching its first bread - free burger .
But dieters may wish to look a little more closely at the picture on the left before they place their order .
The traditional bun has actually been replaced with two thick slabs of fried chicken .
Finger lickin ' good ?
The Double Down consists of two chicken breast fillets with a filling of bacon , two melted slices of cheese and a mayonnaise sauce
The KFC ' Double Down ' , which goes on sale in the U.S. on Monday , contains two pieces of bacon and two melted slices of cheese , slathered in mayonnaise and sandwiched between two slices of meat .
Nutritionists are horrified by the launch of the fatty dish in a country where two - thirds of the population is overweight or obese .
KFC insists the sandwich contains 540 calories - but it has been reported that it actually racks up a much higher figure of 1,228 , or about half of a man 's recommended daily intake .
Alarm : Nutritionists are concerned about the Double Down 's high salt content
On top of this , fast food fans will consume 1,380 milligrams of salt and 32 grams of fat , including 10 grams of cholesterol - laden saturated fat , with each Double Down .
Poll Would you eat the new KFC ' double down ' sandwich ?
Yes No Would you eat the new KFC ' double down ' sandwich ?
Yes 12204 votes
No 7394 votes
Now share your opinion
Kelly Brownell , director of Yale University 's Rudd Centre for Food Policy and Obesity , described it as a ' salt bomb ' , adding : ' That 's a better part of a day 's sodium in one meal . '
The Double Down will cost £ 3.30 , but will also be on offer as part of a £ 4.60 meal deal with potato wedges and a fizzy drink - taking the toll to 1,000 calories , 45 grams of fat and 2,120 milligrams of sodium .
The fast food chain has no plans to bring the Double Down to Britain at the moment , but KFC spokesman Rick Maynard said yesterday that there is ' no telling what the future may hold ' .
He added : ' It 's such a meaty chicken , there 's no room for a bun . '
Fast food :
The Double Down can be bought as part of a meal deal
Recent World News
Looking for more news ?
Search our archive .
What the fact ?!
These WTF facts will surprise you , disturb you , or make you realize how strange life is – from history to the weirdest world records , to things you probably did n’t know but will never unsee .
Table of Contents 01 WTF Facts Infographics 02
There are more than 300 dead bodies on Mount Everest .
03 A meteor as strong as 10 atomic bombs exploded over Earth and everyone missed it .
04 Dogs like squeaking toys because it sounds like their prey .
05 If the sun exploded , you would n't know until eight minutes later .
06 Ferrets will die after a year of no sex .
07 The longest hiccups lasted nearly 69 years .
08 You swallow about 365 cups of mucus in a year .
09 You sweat an average of 26 gallons on your bed per year .
10 A cloud can weigh more than a million pounds .
11 Shadows are darker on the Moon. 12 Human meat is rich in protein .
13 A duel of three people is called a truel .
14 Beer was a soft drink in Russia .
15 Blood donors in Sweden get texts when their blood is used .
16 Before “ bloopers ” was coined , there were " boners " .
17 The small holes under frozen pizzas prevent air bubbles from forming in the dough .
18 “ Bluetooth ” was named after a king .
19 Viagra can make flowers stay erect , too .
20 Dogs are banned from Antarctica .
21
In Slovakia they have a Christmas Carp that lives in the family bathtub for a few days before they are eaten .
22 Iguanas have three eyes .
23 Babe Ruth wore a cabbage leaf in his cap to keep it cool .
24 About 100 people choke on pens each year in the U.S. 25 Nutmeg can be poisonous .
26 Our eyes remain the same size from birth .
27 The least successful Harry Potter film made less than the most successful Twilight movie .
28 Singapore has a 15 - story car vending machine .
29
The tallest LEGO tower of all time is 112 feet high .
30 Oranges were originally green .
31 Pigs ca n’t look up .
32 The British Queen ’s handbag is a communication device .
33 You can see two sunsets from the Burj Khalifa in one day .
34 Antarctica is the largest desert in the world .
35 Mammoths were still alive when the Egyptians were building the Great Pyramids .
36 Ants ca n’t die from falling .
37 You ’re 10 times more likely to get bitten by a person than a shark .
38 Fried chicken came from Scotland .
39 10 gallons of carrot juice can kill a person .
40 A house fire inspired The Sims .
41 Woodpeckers would eat brains if they get too hungry .
42 A volcanic eruption once killed 80 % of the Earth ’s sheep .
43 A Coca -Cola employee offered to sell Coca - Cola ’s secrets to Pepsi. 44 Cats do n’t meow at other cats .
45 A fortune cookie once predicted the lottery , and 110 people won .
46 Sloths can hold their breath longer than dolphins .
47 The Empire State Building has a ZIP code of its own .
48 The shortest war in history lasted less than an hour .
49 The Eiffel Tower was supposed to be in Barcelona .
50 PEZ candy was made to help smokers quit .
51 The longest TV ad of all time is 14 hours long .
52 Bananas glow blue under UV light .
53 Handshakes were originally a safety measure .
54 An actor ’s brain activity is different when in character .
55 The longest time between two twins being born is 87 days .
56 There ’s an apartment inside the Eiffel Tower .
57 Marsupials have three vaginas .
58 Tug of war , live pigeon shooting , and pistol dueling used to be in the Olympics .
59 The largest margarine sculpture weighs more than 3,000 pounds .
60 The tallest dog ever was a 7 - foot Great Dane .
61 Spider webs were used as bandages in ancient times .
62 There ’s a cheese eaten with live maggots .
63 Silver cars are the least accident - prone .
64 The first man to pee on the moon was Buzz Aldrin .
65 A woman who lost her wedding ring found it over a decade later on a carrot in her garden .
66 ¼ of all your bones are in your feet .
67 A 155 - year - old mouse trap successfully caught a mouse in 2016 .
68 A human could swim through a blue whale 's veins .
69 The man who created Comic Sans used it once .
70 There is only one Blockbuster store left in the world .
71 The Dutch village of Giethoorn does n’t have roads .
72
There ’s a high voltage ejector bed that launches you out of sleep .
73
There ’s a family of people with blue skin in Kentucky .
74
The butterflies in your stomach are a distress call .
75 The katzenklavier was a piano made out of cats .
76 The Romans used to clean their teeth with urine .
77 The largest pizza measured 13,580.28 square feet .
78 There are 60,000 miles of blood vessels in the human body .
79 Cats can be manipulative .
80 Archaeologists discovered an “ elixir ” in an ancient Chinese tomb .
81 Before alarm clocks , there were human alarms .
82 Mice in Central America can sing almost 100 notes .
83 There ’s a McDonald ’s with a turquoise arch .
84 Wimbledon tennis balls must be stored at perfect room temperature .
85 In Japan , napping at work is honorable .
86 Sleeping in public is totally cool in Japan .
87 LEGO has an underground vault with all the LEGO sets ever made .
88 The world record for most tosses of a pancake in a minute is 140 tosses .
89
The smell of freshly - cut grass is a distress signal .
90 Bangladesh has six seasons .
91 “ Huh ? ” Is a universal word for humans .
92 Platypuses do n’t have stomachs .
93
It would take over 20 years to eat at every NYC restaurant .
94 Air pollution now kills more people than smoking .
95 Chip bags are full of nitrogen .
96 Häagen - Dazs does n’t mean anything .
97 Harrod ’s was the first place to sell toilet paper .
98 There is no word that rhymes with orange .
99
It takes more muscles to smile than to frown .
100 Jupiter is made entirely of gases .
101 97 % of the earth ’s water is undrinkable .
102 Donald Duck never wore pants .
103 Vincent Van
Gogh only sold 1 painting in his entire life .
104 Tomatoes are fruits , not vegetables .
105 Over 10,000 birds a year die from smashing into windows .
106
The only food that does n’t spoil is honey .
107 A laughing epidemic made 14 schools close down in Tanzania .
108
The man with the longest beard tripped and died because of it .
109 The Vatican City drinks the most wine per person .
110 The Mona Lisa may have had eyebrows .
111 The tongue is n’t the strongest muscle in the body .
112 One man ’s sperm can impregnate every woman on earth .
113 The 7 - fold paper is a myth .
114 About 40,000 Americans are injured by toilets each year .
115 When the moon is directly overhead , you weigh slightly less .
116 You can't kill yourself by holding your breath .
117 Over a dozen skeletons were found in Benjamin Franklin 's basement .
118 The Guinness Book of Records is the most stolen book at Public Libraries .
119
When you sneeze , your heart stops for a millisecond .
120 The human heart can squirt blood 30 ft far .
121 Wearing headphones for an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear 700 times .
122
At the equator , you would weigh less than if standing at one of the poles .
123 A pharaoh once bathed his slaves in honey to keep bugs away from him .
124 Less than 20 % of laughter comes after jokes .
125 A 17 year - old once struck out Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig .
126 A rollercoaster can make you pass kidney stones .
127 Trees can grow in your lungs .
128 Dancing mania killed 15 people a day in 1518 .
129 If you ’re murdered in the U.S. , there ’s a 1 - in - 3 chance police will never identify your killer .
130 In 2005 , Australia banned the word “ mate . ” 131 The Pacu fish has human - like teeth .
132 Some people have an extra bone in their knee .
133 Playing the accordion used to be required for teachers in North Korea .
134 Children 's medicine used to have morphine .
135 Water makes different pouring sounds depending on its temperature .
136 Dentures used to be made of dead peoples ’ teeth .
137 The Pirates of the Caribbean ride in Disneyland used to have real skeletons .
138 A 100 - foot asteroid nearly hit the Earth once .
139 Madame Tussaud used real heads for her first wax creations .
140 Rome has a purgatory museum .
141 At Harvard University , there is a book made with human skin .
142 People used to take photos with their dead relatives .
143 No one knows how Edgar Allan Poe died .
144 Rome once had a horse senator .
145 Antonio López de Santa Anna held a state funeral for his leg after it was amputated .
146 People in New England though tuberculosis was vampirism .
147 Anna Mae Dickinson cheated death 5 times .
148 Heroin used to be sold as cough medicine .
149 Dracula was an actual person .
150 Edgar Allan
Poe may have predicted the future .
151 Honey can be used for torture .
152 Pigs have free speech in Florida .
153 Sweat does n't actually stink .
154 It is illegal to sell a " bounceless " pickle in Connecticut .
155 The fire hydrant patent was lost in a fire .
156 France has 12 timezones .
157 Blue Ivy Carter is the youngest person ever to appear on a Billboard chart .
158 Your liver can regenerate in three weeks .
159 A 70 - year - old woman once completed one marathon for each continent in a week .
160 A woman was once constipated for nearly two months .
161 Beethoven could still hear after going deaf .
162 You can always " see " your nose .
163 Shaq only made one three - pointer in his whole career .
164 Detroit undercover cops once fought another group of undercover cops .
165 America accidentally dropped an atom bomb on South Carolina in 1958 .
166 Blue
Whale calves grow 200 pounds per day .
167 Medical errors are one of the leading causes of death in the U.S. 168 Praying mantis mating is deadly … literally .
169 Paint used to be kept in pig bladders .
170 Toy Story 2 was almost deleted .
171 When giraffes fight , they neck it out .
172 The most blueberries eaten in a minute is 86 blueberries .
173
The most sausages made in one minute is 78 sausages .
174
The world record for the fastest drinking of a bottle of ketchup is less than half a minute long .
175 The fastest pizza eater finished a 12 - inch in less than half a minute .
176 The biggest chocolate rabbit in the world is over 4,000 kg heavy .
177
The most expensive hotdog is priced at almost US $ 200 .
178 Adult wolves feed wolf pups regurgitated meat from their hunts .
179 The biggest tooth ever recovered from a human is 1.4 ” long .
180 Super Mario
Land is darker than you thought .
181 The most teeth extracted from a person is 526 .
182 Minecraft 's overworld has a surface area 9,258,235 times larger than the earth .
183 The “ knees ” you see on a flamingo is actually their ankle joints .
184 After you cut off its head , a chicken can run the length of an entire football field before it drops dead .
185 A headless chicken survived for 18 months .
186 “ Chicken guns ” launch chicken carcasses at aircraft windows .
187 Chickens outnumber humans .
188 The world record for the most egg yolks in one egg is 9 yolks .
189 Lefties are kinky , supposedly .
190
In a 2007 study in Taiwan , about 59.3 % of children studied had been forced to convert from left - handedness .
191 Flamingos produce milk - kind of .
192 There ’s a cannibal galaxy next door .
193
The sun contains over 99 % of the mass in our galaxy .
194 Scientists detected a radio signal in space from 5 billion light - years away .
195 A Japanese man married a video game character in 2009 .
196 Studies have shown that playing Tetris can curb sex , drug , and food cravings .
197 We always see the same side of the moon .
198 Chickens can recognize up to 100 faces .
199 Neil Armstrong 's astronaut application arrived past the deadline .
200 Waffle House is used to measure storms .
201 The first tagline for the Nerf ball was “ Nerf : You ca n’t hurt babies or old people ! ” 202 Tootsie Rolls used to be part of WWII rations .
203 A solar eclipse once ended a six - year war .
204 Both John Adams and Thomas Jefferson died on Independence Day. 205
Dogs can understand up to 250 words and gestures .
206 Trained dolphins protect nuclear weapons .
207 Topeka used to be called ToPikachu .
208 Dr. Seuss said he expected to spend about a week writing The Cat in the Hat. 209
The plural form of cul - de-sac is culs - de-sac .
210 An episode of Peppa Pig was banned from Australian television .
211 A gamer completed Dark Souls using a Rock Band guitar .
212 Coca -Cola was the first soft drink consumed in space .
213
The biggest video game collection has a library of over 20,000 games .
214 Burger King made a left handed burger .
215 People used to eat flamingo tongue .
216 Mars ’ sunset is blue .
217 Chickens dream .
218 Flamingo chicks are born gray .
219 A man reached level 90 in World of Warcraft without leaving the starting zone , ever .
220 After Ratatouille , more people started buying pet rats .
221 The snow in Wizard of Oz is actually asbestos .
222 There were 10,297 balloons in Up. 223 Jurassic
Park raptor cries are actually tortoise sex noises .
224 The Matrix Code means sushi .
225 The first ever winner of Survivor got jail time for tax evasion .
226 LEGO is the world 's largest tire manufacturer .
227 The " wasabi " you get with your sushi is n't actually wasabi .
228 Corn Flakes were invented to prevent masturbation .
229 Human beings share 99.9 percent of the same genes .
230 Hitler was once nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize .
231 The U.S. flag was designed by a 17 - year - old for school .
232 Bald eagles do n't sound like in the movies .
233 Bearcat urine smells like buttered popcorn .
234 Abraham Lincoln 's dog was also killed .
235 The Wombat poops in cubes .
236 The heart symbol was inspired by ancient birth control .
237 A cockroach can live for weeks after its head has been cut off .
238 All cereal box characters look down , and it ’s because of psychology .
239 Jelly beans are coated with insect juice .
240 Humans have farted 17 quadrillion times since the beginning of time .
241 One kiss transfers more than 80 million germs .
242 Scientists used to believe there were little people inside sperm .
243 Starfish eat with their stomachs outside their body .
244
The universe is officially colored " Cosmic Latte . " 245 Turtles breathe out of their butts .
246 A head of human hair is strong enough to support 12 tons .
247 Abercrombie & Fitch paid MTV to make sure the cast of Jersey Shore does n’t wear their clothes .
248 The top six earners in reality TV are all Kardashians .
249
No one knows why flamingos stand on one foot .
250 Women blink more often than men .
251 The lint that collects in your pockets is called gnurr .
252 The founders of Hewlett - Packard flipped a coin to determine whose name would come first .
253 Some animals can delay their pregnancies .
254 Sigmund Freud once believed that cocaine could help treat morphine addiction .
255 NASA had to rename the sizes of male astronaut peeing apparatus .
256
The line between the numbers in a fraction has a name .
257 You can estimate the temperature through cricket chirps .
258 The U.S. pizza industry serves 100 acres of pizza each day .
259 Scientists accidentally killed the world 's oldest animal while trying to learn its age .
260
The metal studs on jeans are called “ rivets . ”
261 The verb form of the word " run " has almost 650 different meanings .
262 A cubic inch of bone is four times as strong as concrete .
263 Camels have three eyelids .
264
An ostrich 's brain size is smaller than its eyeball .
265 Dead women can still give birth .
266 A jellyfish 's mouth is also its anus .
267 You can't breathe and swallow at the same time .
268 In Welsh folklore , corgis carried fairies .
269 People used to answer the phone by saying " Ahoy ! " 270 Chopsticks were initially created for cooking , not as an eating utensil .
271 In 16th Century England , pies were filled with surprises .
272 Saffron is more expensive than gold .
273 Bird ’s nest soup is made of bird saliva .
274
You ca n’t mess up mushrooms .
275 Craving ice is a symptom of iron deficiency .
276 Vampire bats drink half their body weight in blood .
277 High heels were invented for men .
278 There 's a brewery in Japan that makes beer from elephant poop .
279 You are 13.8 percent more likely to die on your birthday .
280
The world 's longest fart lasted over a minute long .
281 There ’s a world record for the largest number of people dressed up as penguins .
282
The longest ear hair in the world may be longer than your actual hair .
283
The loudest burp in the world is louder than a chainsaw .
284 The most Big Macs ever eaten by a person is 26,000 burgers .
285
The stretchiest skin in the world can stretch over 6 inches .
286 The most piercings on a person is over 4,000 .
287
The longest distance covered while lifting a table with teeth is 38 feet .
288 The longest metal coil inserted through the nose and mouth is 11 feet long .
289
The longest fingernails ever grown on a woman reached over 28 ft. 290
There ’s a sport for making weird faces .
291 The oldest stripper started at 60 years old .
292
The longest tongue on a dog was over a foot long .
293
The most soda cans opened by a bird is 35 .
294
The world ’s longest legs measure 4 ft long .
295
The longest kiss in the world lasted almost 60 hours .
296 A man once ate an entire plane .
297
The heaviest carrot in the world weighs over 10 kg.
298
The longest noodle in the world is over 10,000 feet long .
299
The most layers on a sandwich is 60 .
300 The most M&Ms eaten with chopsticks while blindfolded is 20 pieces .
301
The largest scoop of ice - cream weighed over 1000 kg .
WTF Facts Infographics
There are more than 300 dead bodies on Mount Everest .
Since 1922 , 305 people have died on Mt. Everest .
Some even died while attempting to retrieve another dead body .
Since few brave the perilous climb and come out alive , the casualties on Everest now serve as markers for other hikers .
A meteor as strong as 10 atomic bombs exploded over Earth and everyone missed it .
In 2018 , a meteor 10 meters in diameter exploded over the Bering Sea .
The massive space rock had a mass of 1400 tonnes and an impact energy of 173 kilotons of TNT – which was about 10 times the atomic bomb that was dropped on Hiroshima in 1945 .
Read also : More Amazing General Facts
Dogs like squeaking toys because it sounds like their prey .
Dogs are known to have a fixation on squeaky toys .
Although dogs have been domesticated by man , they still retain some of their animal instincts – which is why squeaky toys stimulate them .
Squeaky toys almost sound like small prey screaming for their life .
Now that ’s one of the WTF facts you could ’ve lived without ever knowing .
If the sun exploded , you would n't know until eight minutes later .
Light from the Sun reaches the Earth at 8 minutes and 18 seconds .
This is the same amount of time it ’ll take for us to see any changes in the sun .
Ferrets will die after a year of no sex .
No nut November , who ?
Female ferrets mature sexually at 4 - 6 months of age .
When they go into heat , they stay that way until they breed .
However , prolonged estrogen increase may lead to aplastic anemia which can lead to death .
The longest hiccups lasted nearly 69 years .
When Charles Osborne started hiccupping in 1922 , he did n’t stop until 1990 .
Charles Osborne hiccupped non -stop for 68 years .
He was n’t even doing anything to trigger his decades ’ long hiccup – it just started while he was weighing a hog before slaughter .
Initially , he hiccupped 40 times a minute .
However , in his later years , it slowed to 20 hiccups per minute .
After his long hiccupping episode , he managed to live a hiccup - less life for only a year until his death in 1991 .
Definitely one of the more unfortunate WTF facts .
You swallow about 365 cups of mucus in a year .
That makes over 22 gallons of mucus a year .
You sweat an average of 26 gallons on your bed per year .
This means that an average person sweats 1 cup of perspiration on his bed per day .
How ’s that for WTF facts ?
Read also : 300 Weird Facts That Will Confuse And Amaze You At The Same Time
A cloud can weigh more than a million pounds .
If you ’ve ever pictured yourself lying in the clouds , keep this in mind : the average weight of a cumulus cloud is 1.1 million pounds – or almost 500,000 kg !
They do n’t seem as light and fluffy now , do they ?
Shadows are darker on the Moon .
On Earth , our shadows are n’t too dark because of the sunlight in the atmosphere .
However , this is n’t the case with the moon .
The moon has no atmosphere , and thus , no place for sunlight to travel .
It ’s so dark on the moon that Neil Armstrong said he could n’t see where he was going .
Human meat is rich in protein .
However , early cannibalism was not really practiced because of diet or starvation .
Historical instances of human meat consumption were mainly symbolic or religious gestures .
A duel of three people is called a truel .
The truel originates from old ‘ 90s action movies and fiction .
Beer was a soft drink in Russia .
Before 2011 , any drink in Russia with less than 10 % alcohol content was legally classified as a soft drink .
Blood donors in Sweden get texts when their blood is used .
In order to promote blood donation , the Swedish government implemented a text service for donors in 2015 .
The people who donate would initially receive a ‘ thank you ’ text after giving their blood .
However , they would also get another message when their blood is transfused into someone else .
Read also : 100 Nutrition Facts To An Easier And Healthier Lifestyle
Before “ bloopers ” was coined , there were " boners " .
Commonly shown at the end credits of any show or film , bloopers are the outtakes of scenes with errors or funny mistakes .
However , it did n’t always have such a tame name .
In the 1950s , people referred to outtakes as “ boners ” ( boneheaded mistakes ) or “ breakdowns . ”
The small holes under frozen pizzas prevent air bubbles from forming in the dough .
The holes prevent the dough from being soggy or limp .
“ Bluetooth ” was named after a king .
Bluetooth technology was named after King Harald Bluetooth Gormsson .
The traditional explanation for his moniker is that Harald had a bad tooth that looked “ blue . ”
In the 10th century , Bluetooth united Denmark and Norway – much like how wireless Bluetooth now joins different devices .
Viagra can make flowers stay erect , too .
If you dissolve Viagra in water , it can make flowers stay alive for a week longer than usual .
Dogs are banned from Antarctica .
In 1994 , Antarctica banned all non-native species ( except humans ) from the continent .
This was in order to prevent diseases from spreading to seals .
In Slovakia they have a Christmas Carp that lives in the family bathtub for a few days before they are eaten .
A traditional Slovakian Christmas dinner is a main dish of breaded carp with sides of cabbage and sausage soup , and potato salad .
However , the WTF facts twist is that the carp has to live in the family bathtub before it is cooked .
Read also : 100 Interesting Facts That Will Boggle Your Mind
Iguanas have three eyes .
Iguanas have two normal eyes and a third eye on their head that only detects brightness .
Babe Ruth wore a cabbage leaf in his cap to keep it cool .
Babe Ruth ’s unusual way of keeping cool during games is definitely one for WTF facts :
He would take leaves off a head of cabbage and put them in a cooler .
From there , he would take one and put it under his cap every two innings .
About 100 people choke on pens each year in the U.S. Roughly 100 people choke on pen caps per year in America , which is why BIC adopted their iconic holed caps .
The hole not only serves a design feature , but it makes sure that a person can breathe even if they ingest it .
Nutmeg can be poisonous .
Who does n’t love a little nutmeg in their hot choc ?
It may seem unlikely , but in certain amounts , nutmeg can be fatal to humans .
Compared to other plants and herbs , nutmeg contains higher amounts of a narcotic substance called myristicin .
Consuming more than 1 teaspoon of ground nutmeg at once can cause side effects such as wild hallucinations , nausea , vomiting , dizziness , and a syncopated heartbeat .
In large amounts , it can also lead to organ failure .
Our eyes remain the same size from birth .
However , our noses and ears never stop growing .
The least successful Harry Potter film made less than the most successful Twilight movie .
“ Prisoner of Azkaban ” is the lowest grossing Harry Potter film at $ 796,688,549 worldwide .
As the third film in the Harry Potter film series , Prisoner of Azkaban was outsold by Twilight : Breaking Dawn – Part 2 by over US $ 30,000 .
Singapore has a 15 - story car vending machine .
Inspired by diecast toy cars , Autobahn Motors unveiled a building that “ dispenses ” luxury cars in 2017 .
The building is located in Bukit Merah , and can hold up to 60 luxury cars inside .
The tallest LEGO tower of all time is 112 feet high .
On August 20th , 2013 , a group of students from Delaware , USA built the tallest Lego tower in the world .
The tower stood at 112 feet tall , and was built using over 500,000 pieces of Lego .
Oranges were originally green .
The first oranges imported to the West were from Southeast Asia .
these oranges were tangerine - pomelo hybrids that were green .
Pigs ca n’t look up .
You ca n’t tell a pig that ’s sad to look up – they physically can’t do that .
Since their bodies evolved to prioritize finding food , pig necks ca n’t bend to let them look up at the sky .
The British Queen ’s handbag is a communication device .
The Queen uses her bag to relay secret and silent messages to her staff .
You can see two sunsets from the Burj Khalifa in one day .
Standing at 2,731 feet tall , the Burj Khalifa is the tallest building in the world .
In fact , it is so tall that you can see two sunsets from it : one at the bottom , and one at the peak .
Antarctica is the largest desert in the world .
If you think desert , you ’d probably think of the Sahara .
By definition , a desert is any dry land with little vegetation and rain .
However , the biggest desert is actually Antarctica .
The Antarctic Polar Desert is a cold desert that covers the entire continent and covers roughly 5.5 million square miles .
Mammoths were still alive when the Egyptians were building the Great Pyramids .
Wooly mammoths were alive until 2550 to 2490 B.C .
Ants ca n’t die from falling .
Because of their body proportions and tough exoskeleton , an ant ’s terminal velocity is n’t enough to kill or hurt it on impact .
They can survive being dropped from the Empire State Building and walk away unharmed .
You ’re 10 times more likely to get bitten by a person than a shark .
In New York City , the annual number of human bites is 10 times higher than the yearly number of shark bites worldwide .
Fried chicken came from Scotland .
In the Middle Ages , it was a Scottish tradition to deep fry chicken .
While immigrating to the Southern United States , the Scots bought the dish over .
From there , it became a staple for American cuisine .
10 gallons of carrot juice can kill a person .
The Vitamin A content of that much carrot juice is high enough to make your brain swell and cause other complications leading to death .
A house fire inspired The Sims .
Will Wight was inspired to create
The Sims after suffering a house fire in 1991 , where he lost everything .
When he had a vision of rebuilding his house , he thought of a game concept where one could create a “ virtual dollhouse . ”
From there ,
The Sims was born .
Talk about WTF facts with a plot twist .
Woodpeckers would eat brains if they get too hungry .
Definitely one of the darker WTF facts :
If a woodpecker goes too long without food , they will pin down other birds and peck at their heads until they can eat their brains .
A volcanic eruption once killed 80 % of the Earth ’s sheep .
When the Laki volcanic fissure in Southern Iceland erupted for eight months in 1783 , it killed off 80 % of the sheep in the world .
Additionally , roughly 25 % of the world ’s human population died .
A Coca -Cola employee offered to sell Coca - Cola ’s secrets to Pepsi .
Snitches get stitches , yet it seems this Coca - Cola employee forgot when they tried to betray Coca - Cola .
In 2006 , a secretary at Coca - Cola HQ was arrested for stealing a sample of an unreleased product and attempting to sell it for $ 1.5 m to Pepsi .
However , the two soda companies instead got the FBI involved .
In the end , the thief was arrested .
Cats do n’t meow at other cats .
Aside from kittens meowing at their mothers , cats only meow at people and other animals .
A fortune cookie once predicted the lottery , and 110 people won .
In 2005 , a shocking 110 people won second - place for a Powerball drawing , with each one describing a fortune cookie for their lucky digits .
Usually , only 4 or 5 people win second - place .
However , upon investigation , no foul play was involved .
Sloths can hold their breath longer than dolphins .
Sloths can slow their heart rates .
When they do , sloths can hold their breath for up to 40 minutes .
On the other hand , dolphins need to come up to the surface to breathe after 10 minutes .
The Empire State Building has a ZIP code of its own .
The Empire State Building ’s ZIP code is 10118 .
The shortest war in history lasted less than an hour .
When the sultan of Zanzibar died and a new one took over without British approval in 1896 , the Brits saw it as disrespect .
When the unofficially appointed Sultan Khalid bin Barghash refused to step down , British warships spent 38 minutes bombing the palace before Khalid fled .
This marked the end of the Anglo - Zanzibar War .
The Eiffel Tower was supposed to be in Barcelona .
The Eiffel Tower may be an iconic tourist spot for lovers and travelers alike , but it was n’t so loved in its first years .
When Gustave Eiffel pitched it to Barcelona , the officials thought the design looked too ugly , so Eiffel pitched it to Paris instead .
PEZ candy was made to help smokers quit .
The Austrian creator of PEZ named the candy after the German word for peppermint ( Pffefferminz ) .
They were first introduced in 1927 to curb smokers ’ cravings .
The longest TV ad of all time is 14 hours long .
Created for a product that supposedly “ lasts forever , ” this Old Spice commercial features actor Terry Crews and is airing for “ an eternity ” online .
Since TV airtime is particularly expensive , a 14 - hour version was aired in Brazil , on December 8 , 2018 , and earned the Guinness World Record for the longest TV ad ever .
Bananas glow blue under UV light .
Bananas may be associated with yellow , but according to one study , the fruit actually glows an “ intense ” blue color under black light ( or UV lights ) .
Scientists later found that the degradation of chlorophyll as the fruit ripens causes the blue glow .
Handshakes were originally a safety measure .
In 5th century Greece , handshakes were done to make sure that the other person was n’t carrying a hidden weapon .
The hand clasp proved that your hand was empty and shaking it was meant to “ shake out ” weapons hiding in the sleeve .
One of the WTF facts you probably wo n’t stop thinking of .
An actor ’s brain activity is different when in character .
Some actors are so good , you forget that they ’re acting .
However , the actors themselves seem to forget that too .
During a study , researchers scanned performers ’ brains while the actors answered questions either as themselves or in character .
According to the results , the brain activity of participants differed between answering as themselves or as a character – almost as if the character is possessing the actor .
The longest time between two twins being born is 87 days .
A mother in Ireland gave birth to twins Amy Ann and Kate Marie Elliot 87 days apart , the world record for the longest interval between twin births .
Amy was born prematurely on June 1 , 2012 , and Kate only followed on August 27 .
The exact interval is 87 days , 1 hr and 45 mins .
There ’s an apartment inside the Eiffel Tower .
When Gustave Eiffel designed the tower , he added a hidden apartment on the third level — but he never lived there , nor did anybody .
Instead , Eiffel used this space to entertain guests such as Thomas Edison .
Though it was n’t big , the apartment was decorated with wallpaper , furnished with wooden cabinets , and even had a grand piano .
Nowadays , you can get a peek at the unique space through a window if you ride up the tower .
Marsupials have three vaginas .
Marsupials such as koalas , wombats and tasmanian devils all have three vaginas .
The vaginas on the sides carry sperm to the two uteruses , since male marsupials have two - pronged penises .
Finally , the middle vagina births their offspring .
Tug of war , live pigeon shooting , and pistol dueling used to be in the Olympics .
In the early 1900s , tug of war , pigeon shooting , and pistol dueling were Olympics .
However , by 1920 , all of these events were excluded .
Tug of war was no longer considered athletics , and the animal rights movement had live pigeon shooting banned .
The largest margarine sculpture weighs more than 3,000 pounds .
The largest margarine sculpture depicting the Trimurti of Elephanta weighs a whopping 1506.800 kg. Devwrat Anand Jategaonkar finished the sculpture on February 23 , 2017 .
It stood at 8 ft 2 ” long , 3 ft 8 ” wide , and 6 ft 1 ” tall .
The tallest dog ever was a 7 - foot Great Dane .
Zeus holds the record for the tallest dog in the world at 7 ft tall .
He was an unusually large Great Dane from Otsego , Michigan who took home the record in October 2011 .
Spider webs were used as bandages in ancient times .
In ancient Greece and Rome , doctors used spider webs as bandages for their patients .
Supposedly , spider webs have natural antiseptic and anti-fungal properties , which helps with cleaning and preventing infection .
It was also said that spider webs are rich in vitamin K , which helps clot blood and close wounds .
There ’s a cheese eaten with live maggots .
If you ’re one for exotic eats , the Casu marzu is a Sardinian cheese that has a special ingredient : live maggots .
These maggots can jump up to five inches out of the cheese while you ’re eating it , so it ’s advised to shield it with your hand so they wo n’t get on your face .
Silver cars are the least accident - prone .
Silver is the most visible on the road , so it ’s less likely to get into an accident .
The first man to pee on the moon was Buzz Aldrin .
Shortly after stepping onto the moon ’s surface , Buzz Aldrin had to take a leak .
That ’s one for WTF facts you never needed to know .
A woman who lost her wedding ring found it over a decade later on a carrot in her garden .
In 1995 , a woman in Sweden lost her wedding ring while cooking for Christmas .
One of the more feel - good WTF facts : 16 years later , the woman found the ring around a carrot in her garden .
Turns out , the ring was lost in the vegetable peelings that were made into compost .
¼ of all your bones are in your feet .
There are 26 bones and 33 joints in each foot .
That makes 52 bones in both feet out of the 206 bones in our whole body – which makes foot bones more than 25 % of the body ’s total bone structure .
A 155 - year - old mouse trap successfully caught a mouse in 2016 .
In the mid-1800s , inventor Colin Pullinger revealed his “ perpetual mousetrap , ” claiming that it would last a lifetime .
Over a century later , his claim was proven true .
In 2016 , the 155 - year - old device was on display at England ’s Museum of English Rural Life when it caught a mouse that snuck into it .
A human could swim through a blue whale 's veins .
This is one of the WTF facts that ’ll just make you feel small .
The man who created Comic Sans used it once .
Universally known as the world ’s most hated font , Comic Sans was designed by Vincent Connare in 1995 .
Turns out , even Vincent Connare can’t take it seriously and only used it once for a complaint about his broadband service .
There is only one Blockbuster store left in the world .
Video rental services may be a thing of the past , but there ’s still one Blockbuster store left standing .
This Blockbuster store in Bend , Oregon is now considered an American tourist site .
The Dutch village of Giethoorn does n’t have roads .
Instead , its buildings are connected entirely by canals and footbridges .
There ’s a high voltage ejector bed that launches you out of sleep .
In 2015 , Colin Furze invented a creative alarm that would literally throw you out of bed as an alarm .
There ’s a family of people with blue skin in Kentucky .
One of the most bizarre WTF facts :
For generations , the Fugates of Kentucky had a condition called methemoglobinemia that turns skin blue .
It was a rare genetic condition that was even more triggered by inbreeding .
The butterflies in your stomach are a distress call .
When you see someone you like and your stomach does weird flips , it is actually a stress response caused by adrenaline levels .
The katzenklavier was a piano made out of cats .
No , it was n’t made out of their skin or bones , but it ’s still one of the most disturbing WTF facts : Designed in the 17th - century by Athanasius Kircher , it was a piano that had a row of caged cats with different pitches .
This cat piano would then be played with the traditional keyboard that drove nails into their tails instead of into strings .
The Romans used to clean their teeth with urine .
How ’s that for an organic toothpaste ?
The largest pizza measured 13,580.28 square feet .
In 2012 , a massive pie that had a surface area of 1,261.65 square meters was created in Rome , Italy .
The pizza was named “ Ottavia , ” in honor of the Octavian Augustus – the first emperor of Rome .
There are 60,000 miles of blood vessels in the human body .
If you took out all of your blood vessels and laid them end to end , they would stretch over 2 times around the entire world .
Cats can be manipulative .
When cats need food or affection , they ’ve been shown to exhibit “ solicitation purring , ” or more baby - like meows .
According to a study , humans perceive this solicitation purring as more urgent than their usual cries .
Archaeologists discovered an “ elixir ” in an ancient Chinese tomb .
In 2019 , archaeologists found a 2,000 - year - old bronze pot from a Western Han Dynasty .
It contained 3.5 liters of a liquid referred to in Taoist literature as an “ elixir of immortality . ”
Upon studying , the elixir was a mixture of potassium nitrate and alunite .
Before alarm clocks , there were human alarms .
Knocker - Uppers originated in Britain during the Industrial Revolution .
When people needed to wake up and get to work , a knocker - upper ’s job was to take a wooden stick and knock on the door to wake them up .
Mice in Central America can sing almost 100 notes .
Scotinomys teguina , or Alston ’s singing mouse are native to Central America .
They are real - life musically inclined rats .
There ’s a McDonald ’s with a turquoise arch .
The McDonald ’s in Sedona , Arizona , is the only joint in the world with turquoise arches instead of the yellow , golden ones .
The restaurant used turquoise arches after government officials said the yellow - gold ones contrasted too much with the area ’s red rocks .
Wimbledon tennis balls must be stored at perfect room temperature .
Wimbledon tennis balls must be kept at 68 degrees Fahrenheit because the temperature affects how it bounces .
If it ’s warmer gas molecules inside the ball expand , which makes it bounce higher .
If it ’s cooler , the molecules will shrink , making the ball bounce lower .
In Japan , napping at work is honorable .
In Japan , napping at your job is seen as a sign of diligence — you are working so much , you got exhausted .
The Japanese call it inemuri , which translates to “ present while sleeping . ”
Sleeping in public is totally cool in Japan .
Sleeping in public is a norm in Japan .
You are extremely unlikely to get robbed if you fall asleep in public , since it ’s already a part of everyone ’s culture .
LEGO has an underground vault with all the LEGO sets ever made .
Yup , you read that right .
One of the fun but still WTF facts : LEGO has an underground bunker that holds all the LEGO sets made since the company started in the mid-90s .
The Memory Lane vault contains 4,720 sets .
The world record for most tosses of a pancake in a minute is 140 tosses .
In 2012 , Brad Jolly of Australia set the Guinness World Record for the most tosses of a pancake with 140 flips a minute .
The smell of freshly - cut grass is a distress signal .
The refreshing fragrance of fresh - cut grass is actually the plant ’s release of enzymes as a result of stress — almost like the way we break a sweat when stressed .
When grass is cut , the plant signals the environment that it is being eaten or damaged .
Bangladesh has six seasons .
In Bangladesh , there are six official seasons : summer ( Grisma , in Bengali ) , monsoon ( Barsa ) , autumn ( Sharat ) , late autumn ( Hemanta ) , winter ( Shit ) , and spring ( Basanta ) .
“ Huh ? ” Is a universal word for humans .
Studies suggest that “ Huh ? ” is the closest thing humans have to a universal word .
This expression is understood and used in almost every language .
Platypuses do n’t have stomachs .
So , platypuses have a duck - like bill , are mammals that lay eggs , and now they do n’t have stomachs , either ?
Truly a WTF animal for WTF facts .
It would take over 20 years to eat at every NYC restaurant .
In order to eat at all restaurants in NYC , it would take 22.7 years of going to one restaurant a day .
Air pollution now kills more people than smoking .
A study found that air pollution kills almost nine million people every year .
Chip bags are full of nitrogen .
The excess air in chip bags is n’t there to fool buyers into thinking there are more chips inside .
Instead , bags of chips are actually filled with nitrogen .
Oxygen would spoil the chips fast , but nitrogen preserves freshness , prevents combustion , and creates cushioning during shipping .
Häagen - Dazs does n’t mean anything .
When Häagen - Dazs was started in 1961 , it was named for “ old - world craftsmanship . ” the resulting name of Häagen - Dazs was a combination of Danish and Hungarian language that does not translate to anything .
Harrod ’s was the first place to sell toilet paper .
Toilet “ wipes ” were invented in London in 1857 .
During this time , toilet paper were only sold in the men ’s department Harrod’s .
There is no word that rhymes with orange .
Orange is also the only color that we can taste .
It takes more muscles to smile than to frown .
It ’s a common myth that frowning takes more work , but it ’s actually not the case .
On average , a smile uses 12 muscles , while a frown uses only 11 .
Jupiter is made entirely of gases .
Yup , the biggest planet in the solar system is almost like a fart .
97 % of the earth ’s water is undrinkable .
About 98 % of all water on Earth is salt water .
Fresh water is only 3 % of all water on earth , and nearly 65 % of this water is in glaciers .
Donald Duck never wore pants .
However , he would always put a towel around his waist whenever he got out of a shower .
Vincent Van
Gogh only sold 1 painting in his entire life .
And that painting was sold to his brother !
Tomatoes are fruits , not vegetables .
So are cucumbers , peppers , and olives .
Over 10,000 birds a year die from smashing into windows .
So much for those bird brains .
The only food that does n’t spoil is honey .
The water content of honey is a key factor in why it does n’t spoil .
At 17 % water content , it dehydrates bacteria which makes it resistant to spoiling .
A laughing epidemic made 14 schools close down in Tanzania .
In 1962 , a laughing epidemic broke out in Tanganyika ( now Tanzania ) .
What initially started with a few school girls turned into almost a year - long mass hysteria across villages .
Symptoms of the laughing epidemic included crying , fainting , rashes , and pain .
Towards the end of the epidemic , 14 schools had already closed .
The man with the longest beard tripped and died because of it .
Hans Steininger once became famous for having the world ’s longest beard at almost 5 ft long .
However , he became even more famous for dying because of his beard .
One of the morbidly funny yet unfortunate WTF facts : he tripped on his beard during a fire , which made him fall downstairs and break his neck .
The Vatican City drinks the most wine per person .
At 74 liters per citizen every year , this holy land has the record for the most wine drank per capita .
The Mona Lisa may have had eyebrows .
The famous portrait may look relatively facial hair - less , but in October 2007 , Pascal Cotte claimed that Leonardo da Vinci did originally paint eyebrows and eyelashes on the Mona Lisa .
using a high - definition camera , the French engineer and inventor zoomed in 24 times on Mona Lisa ’s face and found a single brushstroke of a hair .
However , whether or not this is true is one of the many mysteries of Mona Lisa .
The tongue is n’t the strongest muscle in the body .
The tongue is the only muscle not attached to skin or bone , but it ’s not the strongest muscle .
One man ’s sperm can impregnate every woman on earth .
In two weeks , a single human male produces enough sperm to impregnate every fertile woman on the planet .
The 7 - fold paper is a myth .
Maybe with a small piece of square paper , it would be hard to make more than 7 folds .
However , the myth that a piece of paper ca n’t be folded over 7 times has been disproved many times .
About 40,000 Americans are injured by toilets each year .
This includes babies and toddlers falling into the toilet , bruising or pinching due to faulty toilet seats , or toilets collapsing from a person ’s weight .
When the moon is directly overhead , you weigh slightly less .
The Moon ’s gravitational force acting directly above an object reduces the Earth ’s gravitational force – less gravitational pull on you means less weight .
You can't kill yourself by holding your breath .
At the very worst , voluntary breath - holding will only lead to unconsciousness .
Over a dozen skeletons were found in Benjamin Franklin 's basement .
In 1998 , an organization called Friends of Benjamin Franklin House decided to restore the four - story Georgian house where Franklin lived in London .
However , they discovered a gruesome sight – one of the workers found a human thigh bone .
The authorities were brought in , and a total of remains from 15 people were found – 6 of those belonging to children , and all with holes drilled into their skulls .
The skeletons dated back to 200 years ago then , which was around the time Benjamin Franklin lived in the house .
This is one of the most disturbing WTF facts .
The Guinness Book of Records is the most stolen book at Public Libraries .
Yup , Guinness Records has a record in itself .
It is closely followed by the Bible .
Talk about the irony .
When you sneeze , your heart stops for a millisecond .
Ever let out a sneeze so hard , you feel like everything stopped for a moment ?
Well , your heart literally does stop when you sneeze , but only briefly .
There ’s another one of the WTF facts you could ’ve gone without knowing .
The human heart can squirt blood 30 ft far .
When the heart pumps blood throughout our system , it creates pressure so strong that when our arteries face sudden trauma , blood would literally squirt out .
Wearing headphones for an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear 700 times .
Guess that ’s what they mean when they call songs an earworm .
At the equator , you would weigh less than if standing at one of the poles .
You would weigh less on the equator than at the North or South Pole , but the difference is subtle .
Your body itself wo n’t change , but the force of gravity will , thus reducing your weight .
A pharaoh once bathed his slaves in honey to keep bugs away from him .
Whenever King Pepi II would get bothered by insects , he would command that one of his servants be covered in honey to lure the bugs away from him .
Less than 20 % of laughter comes after jokes .
Sometimes , we may not be laughing at jokes at all .
A 17 year - old once struck out Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig .
At 17 years old , Jackie Mitchell pitched against the Yankees during an exhibition game and struck out baseball legends Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig .
Definitely one of the more inspiring but still WTF facts .
A rollercoaster can make you pass kidney stones .
After many reports of passing a kidney stone on Disney World ’s Big Thunder Mountain Railroad ride , a team from Michigan State University decided to investigate whether it was coincidental or not .
They found that there was a 64 % kidney stone pass rate for passengers in the rear of the Thunder Mountain ride .
However , it was just 16 % for passengers in the front .
Trees can grow in your lungs .
In 2009 , doctors found a fir tree growing in the lungs of a 28 - year - old patient named Artyom Sidorkin .
What the doctors initially suspected was a tumor was actually the sprouting seed of a fir tree .
Now is n’t that one of the WTF facts that ’ll make you cringe ?
Dancing mania killed 15 people a day in 1518 .
Dancing mania is n’t an arcade game , but a mass psychogenic illness in the Middle Ages characterized by non -stop dancing .
It may sound like a cartoon plot , but these people would literally dance until their feet bled and collapse from exhaustion .
Until now , the phenomenon has no confirmed explanation .
If you ’re murdered in the U.S. , there ’s a 1 - in - 3 chance police will never identify your killer .
An estimated 2,000 serial killers have been at large in the U.S. since 2017 .
That ’s one for chilling WTF facts .
In 2005 , Australia banned the word “ mate . ”
Due to complaints , the Australian Parliament once banned the use of “ mate ” at work .
However , it did n’t last too long , and the ruling was withdrawn in 24 hours .
The Pacu fish has human - like teeth .
Say cheese !
The Pacu is a South American fish is known for its creepily human - like teeth .
See for yourself .
WTF facts , am I right ?
Some people have an extra bone in their knee .
The fabella is found at the back of the knee in some people .
Also known as a sesamoid bone , it grows in the tendon of a muscle .
Playing the accordion used to be required for teachers in North Korea .
In the 1900s , it was required that all school teachers learn the accordion .
It was often referred to as The People ’s Instrument and was prized for its portability
Children 's medicine used to have morphine .
Mrs. Winslow ’s Soothing Syrup was a notorious remedy in the 1800s .
It was marketed as a medicine that soothes pain in children .
However , it actually contained morphine .
Water makes different pouring sounds depending on its temperature .
If you have a keen ear , you ’d notice that hot water and cold water sound a bit different when being poured .
Heat changes the thickness or viscosity of the water , which gives its pouring sound a different pitch .
Cold water is more viscous , and makes a higher - pitched sound .
Dentures used to be made of dead peoples ’ teeth .
In other dark WTF facts : the things we associate with old people used to be made of dead people or animal teeth .
Can you still smile after this ?
The Pirates of the Caribbean ride in Disneyland used to have real skeletons .
In the 1960s , the skeletons on the Pirates ride at Disneyland were real .
Why ?
They thought the fake skeletons did n’t look spooky enough .
How ?
They contacted the UCLA medical department and bought skeletons usually found in anatomy classrooms .
However , they stopped when they realized that the fake skeletons were cooler ( and probably cheaper . )
A 100 - foot asteroid nearly hit the Earth once .
In January 2017 , a 100 - foot asteroid called AG13 passed by the Earth at less than ⅕ the distance between the Earth and the moon .
Scientists only knew that it was coming two days before it could have made impact .
Madame Tussaud used real heads for her first wax creations .
Madame Anna Maria Tussaud started her waxing during the French Revolution .
She would grab heads from the guillotine pile , look for the most interesting faces , and create wax masks with their faces for the revolution .
Rome has a purgatory museum .
The Museo delle anime del Purgatorio is a small museum in Rome that displays documentation of hauntings from people stuck in Purgatory .
Usually , their claimed hauntings manifest as burn marks on pages of the Bible and other objects .
At Harvard University , there is a book made with human skin .
One of the WTF facts that ’ll make your skin crawl : Since the 1930s , Des destinees de l’ame ( Destinies of the Soul ) has been housed at Harvard ’s Houghton Library .
The author , Arsene Houssaye reportedly gave the book to his friend , Dr. Ludovic Bouland , in the mid-1880s .
Dr. Bouland allegedly bound the book with skin from an unclaimed female patient who died of natural causes .
People used to take photos with their dead relatives .
The Victorian era was truly strange , but no other WTF facts can top this :
People would take a recently deceased family member and take photos of them as if they were just sleeping .
No one knows how Edgar Allan Poe died .
If his works were any indicator of who he was as a person , Edgar Allan Poe was a deeply disturbed man .
Aside from his macabre writing , a lot of mystery surrounds Edgar Allan Poe .
even his death is unclear .
He was last seen in Baltimore ’s streets in 1849 .
He was wearing someone else ’s clothes and in bad shape .
4 days later , he died in a hospital .
Allegedly , he kept shouting “ Reynolds ” before his death .
Rome once had a horse senator .
Move aside , Bojack Horseman .
This is one of the WTF facts that ’ll make you think we ’re pulling your leg , but actually happened in history :
In 37 AD , the Roman emperor Caligula made Incitatus , his favorite horse , a Roman senator .
Antonio López de Santa Anna held a state funeral for his leg after it was amputated .
After being injured in battle , Mexican general Antonio López de Santa Anna buried his amputated leg with full military honors .
Before you go all WTF facts on us :
It was a part of him , guys .
People in New England though tuberculosis was vampirism .
The 19th century was the height of the “ New England Vampire Panic . ” during this time , people thought that “ consumption ” ( what they called Tuberculosis ) was spread by vampires .
People would even would dig up Tuberculosis victims and stake them through the heart .
Not a fan of Twilight , it seems .
Anna Mae Dickinson cheated death 5 times .
Anna Mae Dickinson survived both the Titanic and Lusitania , the Hindenburg explosion , the Pearl Harbor bombing , and the destruction of her apartment during 9/11 .
She must be part-cat .
Heroin used to be sold as cough medicine .
The Bayer pharmaceutical company distributed heroin as a cough medicine from 1898 to 1910 .
It was also marketed as a non-addictive substitute for morphine .
Thank god for modern medicine .
Dracula was an actual person .
Vlad the Impaler was 15th century Romanian ruler who consumed his enemy ’s blood with meals .
Him being born in Transylvania , his disturbing habits , and his family name ‘ Dracula , ’ was the inspiration for the Bram Stoker novel .
Edgar Allan
Poe may have predicted the future .
The narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym ( 1838 ) was a novel about 4 shipwreck survivors who killed and ate a cabin boy named Richard Parker .
In 1884 , a boat got stranded with only 4 survivors .
3 of the crew killed and ate the cabin boy , who was also named Richard Parker .
Honey can be used for torture .
Scaphism was an ancient torture method where the victim was covered all over with honey and then left at the mercy of large amounts of insects .
Pigs have free speech in Florida .
The 1838 Constitution of Florida guarantees the right to privacy , the freedom of speech , and the right of pregnant pigs to be free from cages .
Sweat does n't actually stink .
Sweat in itself is not stinky , but the bacteria in our skin breaks the sweat down and causes the odor .
It is illegal to sell a " bounceless " pickle in Connecticut .
The 1945 Hartford Courant states that it is illegal to sell bounceless pickles – because if it does n’t bounce , it is not edible .
The fire hydrant patent was lost in a fire .
Oh , the irony .
Frederick Graff Sr. patented the fire hydrant in the early 1800s .
However , the patent was destroyed when Washington , D.C. patent office burned down in 1836 .
France has 12 timezones .
Technically , Russia has the most extreme time zones – one person could be waking up at 8:00 AM while another person in some other part of the country is going to bed at 11:00 PM .
However , France has the most timezones .
Blue Ivy Carter is the youngest person ever to appear on a Billboard chart .
When Jay - Z released “ Glory ” in 2012 , he put his daughter Blue Ivy Carter as a feature .
Her crying sample made her the youngest person to hit the Billboard charts at two days old .
Your liver can regenerate in three weeks .
We ’re carrying a little Wolverine inside us , after all .
A 70 - year - old woman once completed one marathon for each continent in a week .
For Chau Smith ’s 70th birthday , she celebrated by completing one marathon for each continent in just a week .
A woman was once constipated for nearly two months .
After 45 days without a bowel movement , a 28 - year - old woman from India had to have surgery to remove a “ football - sized ” mass of feces .
Beethoven could still hear after going deaf .
If you ’re wondering how Beethoven still managed to be a great composer even when he was deaf , it was because of this method :
He bit onto a metal pole connected to his piano .
He then felt or heard his music through the vibration in his bones .
You can always " see " your nose .
One of the WTF facts you ’ll struggle to unsee :
Our eyes always see our nose , but blocks it out through unconscious selective attention .
Think of it as how the rims of glasses do n’t bother you .
Shaq only made one three - pointer in his whole career .
Shaquille O’Neal may be one of the most iconic NBA players in the game , but you ’d be surprised that he only made one three - point shot in his entire career .
Detroit undercover cops once fought another group of undercover cops .
In an undercover drug ring bust , a group of undercover cops posing as members had a fight with another group of undercover cops posing as members in 2017 .
In the end , internal affairs had to be contacted to investigate both groups .
America accidentally dropped an atom bomb on South Carolina in 1958 .
Talk about clumsy .
Here ’s one of the scary WTF facts :
In 1958 , a B - 47 plane was headed to the United Kingdom with an atomic bomb even bigger than the Nagasaki bomb .
During the flight , one of the pilots accidentally released the emergency pin .
However , the critical part of the bomb needed to activate it was still on the plane .
If it were already equipped to the bomb , it would have obliterated the entire state and even more .
Blue
Whale calves grow 200 pounds per day .
This takes “ They grow up so fast ! ” to a whole other level .
Medical errors are one of the leading causes of death in the U.S. Each year , medical error causes 250,000 casualties in the United States , making it the third - leading cause of deaths in the country .
Praying mantis mating is deadly … literally .
Then , the female mantis will proceed to devour the male ’s corpse for nourishment .
Paint used to be kept in pig bladders .
In the 19th century , pig bladders were used to store an artist ’s paint .
The organ would be sealed with a string and pricked to get the paint out .
Because it would often break open , the American painter John G. Rand eventually made paint tubes from tin and screw cap .
Toy Story 2 was almost deleted .
A year before Toy Story 2 was released , someone entered the command , ‘/ bin / rm -r -f *’ on the drive which started deleting the files for the movie .
Thankfully , an employee had the entire film backed up on her laptop .
If not , the deleted material would have taken a year to recreate .
When giraffes fight , they neck it out .
Giraffes are a funny - looking bunch .
When a viral video broke out of two giraffes fighting , the internet found it hard to take them seriously .
However , neck fights are natural aggressive behavior of giraffes .
Usually , they get into these fights when competing for a mate .
The most blueberries eaten in a minute is 86 blueberries .
On January 16 , 2018 , Dinesh Shivnath Upadhyaya of India crammed 86 blueberries in his mouth in one minute .
That ’s not where the WTF facts end : this was his 4th time breaking the record !
The most sausages made in one minute is 78 sausages .
On April 3 , 2017 Barry John Crowe of Ireland made 78 sausages in a minute .
Each sausage was at least 4 in long .
The world record for the fastest drinking of a bottle of ketchup is less than half a minute long .
On September 7 , 2017 , Dinesh Shivnath Upadhyaya ( IND ) finished a 500-g bottle of ketchup in 25.37 seconds .
The fastest pizza eater finished a 12 - inch in less than half a minute .
Kelvin Medina of the Philippines finished a whole pizza in 23.62 sec on April 12 , 2015 .
The biggest chocolate rabbit in the world is over 4,000 kg heavy .
The largest chocolate rabbit was sculpted by Equipe da Casa do Chocolate in 2017 .
It was 4,000 times the size of an average chocolate bunny and had an estimated 21.2 million calories .
The most expensive hotdog is priced at almost US $ 200 .
Tokyo Dog in Seattle , Washington , USA , sells the “ Juuni Ban ” hot dog for $ 169 .
It is the most expensive hot dog in the world to date .
The hotdog comes with smoked - cheese bratwurst , butter - teriyaki - grilled onions , maitake mushrooms , wagyu beef , foie gras , black truffle , and caviar .
Adult wolves feed wolf pups regurgitated meat from their hunts .
Because wolf pups can’t fend and hunt for themselves , adult wolves would eat meat and regurgitate them for their offspring .
The biggest tooth ever recovered from a human is 1.4 ” long .
The Guinness World Record for the biggest human tooth goes to Indian cricketer , Urvil Patel .
He had his large canine extracted and came home from the procedure to find that his 3.67 cm long tooth was a record breaker .
His tooth was nearly double the size of an average human tooth .
Super Mario
Land is darker than you thought .
Remember all those squares you need to hop on while playing the OG Mario ?
Well , those are actually the people of the Mushroom Kingdom turned into blocks by the Koopas .
The most teeth extracted from a person is 526 .
A 7 year - old boy in Chennai , India had 526 teeth removed from his mouth after complaining of severe jaw pain and swelling .
When doctors examined his mouth , they found a sac in his lower jaw filled with abnormal teeth , which they had to surgically remove .
The entire procedure took 4 - 5 hours , and it took 3 days for the boy to be discharged from the hospital .
Minecraft 's overworld has a surface area 9,258,235 times larger than the earth .
Minecraft is a game geared towards creatives and survivalists alike .
For a game with infinite possibilities , it ’s only fitting that the game seems to outdo our own planet .
For the PC version , the Minecraft world is over 9 million times bigger than the Earth .
The “ knees ” you see on a flamingo is actually their ankle joints .
Their actual knee joint is further up their body and hidden by its feathers .
After you cut off its head , a chicken can run the length of an entire football field before it drops dead .
That ’s where the expression , “ Running like a chicken with its head come off ” comes from .
A headless chicken survived for 18 months .
Mike The Headless Chicken , also known as Miracle Mike survived for 18 months without his head .
According to scientists , his brain stem and jugular remained intact , and a clot prevented him from bleeding to death .
His owner would feed him through a dropper and his trachea .
Eventually , though , he choked to death .
“ Chicken guns ” launch chicken carcasses at aircraft windows .
Aircraft engineers use this peculiar if not morbid mechanism to test the resistance of airplane windows and engines by blasting dead chickens at the planes .
Chickens outnumber humans .
As of 2011 , there has been a recorded number of 19 billion chickens – which is over twice the latest population count for humans ( 7.7 billion ) .
The world record for the most egg yolks in one egg is 9 yolks .
Certain conditions can cause abnormalities in chicken eggs , such as multi-yolks , no yolks , or even no shells .
Lefties are kinky , supposedly .
A 2008 study found that paraphilias ( atypical sexual interests ) have been linked to higher rates of left - handedness .
In a 2007 study in Taiwan , about 59.3 % of children studied had been forced to convert from left - handedness .
Asia is notorious for collectivist societies , and this shows in how some parents might force their children to change handedness to be more “ normal ” .
Flamingos produce milk - kind of .
No , they do n’t have mammary glands – but flamingos can produce a certain “ milk ” from their upper digestive tracts .
Both male and female flamingos produce crop milk to feed their chicks .
This concoction contains protein , fat , and red and white blood cells .
There ’s a cannibal galaxy next door .
Speaking of eating , our galaxy is also set to collide with the neighboring Andromeda galaxy , which has a history of devouring other galaxies .
The sun contains over 99 % of the mass in our galaxy .
Over a million Earths could fit inside the sun .
Scientists detected a radio signal in space from 5 billion light - years away .
5 billion light - years means the Earth did not exist at the time the source transmitted it !
How strange .
A Japanese man married a video game character in 2009 .
This guy took cuffing season to a whole other level : Sal 9000 lived the gamer ’s dream when he “ married ” Nene Anegasaki over livestream .
Studies have shown that playing Tetris can curb sex , drug , and food cravings .
Maybe it ’s because the physical and visual representation of “ fixing ” things to fit just right gives us the illusion of having our sh*t together , or maybe it ’s something else .
Nonetheless , it ’s proven that Tetris helps lessen impulsive behavior .
Carnal desires , no more .
We always see the same side of the moon .
Although the moon has phases , we will only ever see one side of it .
It rotates on its axis at the same time it orbits the Earth .
Chickens can recognize up to 100 faces .
Chickens can easily tell who their owner is from other people that they see regularly .
They recognize other animals , too .
Neil Armstrong 's astronaut application arrived past the deadline .
One of his friends just slipped the tardy form in with the others .
Waffle House is used to measure storms .
Because the restaurant stays open in extreme weather , the “ Waffle House Index ” is informally used by FEMA to measure storm severity .
The first tagline for the Nerf ball was “ Nerf : You ca n’t hurt babies or old people ! ” I mean , that is somewhat true .
It makes sense .
Tootsie Rolls used to be part of WWII rations .
Tootsie Rolls were put in soldiers ’ rations in World War II because of their durability in different weather conditions .
A solar eclipse once ended a six - year war .
In 585 BCE , the sky suddenly darkened during a battle between the Lydians and the Medes .
The soldiers saw it as a sign to stop fighting .
Both John Adams and Thomas Jefferson died on Independence Day .
These titular figures for American independence both died exactly 50 years after the Declaration on July 4 , 1826 .
WTF facts , or coincidence ?
Dogs can understand up to 250 words and gestures .
The average dog is as smart as a two - year - old kid .
Trained dolphins protect nuclear weapons .
One of the world ’s biggest stockpiles of nuclear weapons ( a U.S. Navy base near Seattle ) is defended by trained dolphins .
Topeka used to be called ToPikachu .
To celebrate Pokemon ’s U.S. Debut in 1998 , Topeka , Kansas , renamed itself “ ToPikachu . ”
Dr. Seuss said he expected to spend about a week writing The Cat in the Hat .
However , it actually took him a year and a half .
The plural form of cul - de-sac is culs - de-sac .
Now that ’s for WTF facts you did n’t need to know .
An episode of Peppa Pig was banned from Australian television .
Their offense ?
The episode taught children not to fear spiders .
Given how many venomous spiders live in Australia , it ’s only natural to ban it for the safety of the kids watching .
A gamer completed Dark Souls using a Rock Band guitar .
Another game notorious for its gameplay , only a few souls ( nudge , nudge ) brave this action RPG .
However , Benjamin “ Bearzly ” Gwin took bravery to the next level :
He beat the game with nothing but a Rock Band guitar .
It does n’t end there – he ’s also done runs with the Rock Band drum kit , Rock Band piano , Donkey Kong bongo drum , microphone ( voice control only ) , Wiimote , dance mat , steering wheel , and an Xbox 360 pad .
He programmed these alternative controls himself , too .
Wow .
Coca -Cola was the first soft drink consumed in space .
Applesauce was the first food eaten in space by John Glenn during the Friendship 7 mission of 1962 .
The biggest video game collection has a library of over 20,000 games .
Antonio Monteiro of Texas holds the Guinness World Record for the largest video game collection at 20,139 video games .
The collection features games from the 2nd to 8th generation consoles and over 100 devices to play them on .
One of the most hardcore video game facts :
It took Guinness 8 days to finish counting them all !
Burger King made a left handed burger .
In a 1998 full - page ad on USA Today , Burger King claimed it developed the “ left - handed whopper . ”
AKA , a burger with the same fixings , but turned 180 degrees to not drip on left - handed customers .
What a strange April Fools prank .
People used to eat flamingo tongue .
The people of Ancient Rome were known to eat their tongues as a delicacy .
Mars ’ sunset is blue .
Mars has less than 1 % of the Earth ’s atmosphere .
Sunsets on Mars look blue because its atmosphere captures mostly blue light from the sun .
Chickens dream .
Chickens are shown to experience rapid eye movement ( REM ) sleep .
Flamingo chicks are born gray .
Their diet of shrimp makes them pink later on .
A man reached level 90 in World of Warcraft without leaving the starting zone , ever .
The player Doubleagent spent 173.5 days mining and picking herbs for XP .
Technically , he was stuck in the Wandering Isles for life – he could n’t even play PvP since you ’d need to have a faction for that .
After Ratatouille , more people started buying pet rats .
At least one pet chain claimed that pet rat sales jumped 50 percent after the movie ’s release .
The snow in Wizard of Oz is actually asbestos .
The famous poppy - field scene in Wizard of Oz is blanketed by calming snow .
However , it was n’t so calming behind the scenes .
The material they used for the fake snow was poisonous asbestos .
There were 10,297 balloons in Up .
The balloons in Up are n’t computer - simulated , each one you see on the screen was actually inflated and tied to the structure .
Jurassic
Park raptor cries are actually tortoise sex noises .
The screeching noises made by the raptors in Jurassic Park were taken from recordings of mating tortoises .
The Matrix Code means sushi .
The intricate green digits scrolling down the screen in The Matrix may look cryptic , but they were actually symbols from a scanned sushi cookbook .
The first ever winner of Survivor got jail time for tax evasion .
Richard Hatch won US $ 1 million after the first ever season of Survivor .
However , he failed to declare his winnings on his taxes .
As such , he served four years in prison .
LEGO is the world 's largest tire manufacturer .
Pretty ironic considering how small LEGO tires are , but LEGO is the biggest tire manufacturer in the world .
Lego manufactures over 318 million toy tires per year , with 870,000 tires per day .
The " wasabi " you get with your sushi is n't actually wasabi .
In the U.S. , 99 percent of sushi restaurants serve horse - radish with green food coloring instead of real wasabi .
Corn Flakes were invented to prevent masturbation .
Dr. John Harvey Kellogg believed that sex was a sin ( he did n’t even sleep with his own wife ) .
He invented corn flakes because he believed that foods such as meat increased sexual desire , while cereal and nuts fight against it .
Human beings share 99.9 percent of the same genes .
You ’re just 0.1 % different from the person you hate the most .
However , you ’re just 0.1 % away from being Beyonce .
Hitler was once nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize .
In 1939 , Adolf Hitler was nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize .
He received the nomination the same year that WWII began .
A member of Swedish parliament only nominated Hitler for the Nobel Peace Prize as a satiric criticism against another historic figure who was nominated .
The nomination was promptly withdrawn .
The U.S. flag was designed by a 17 - year - old for school .
In junior high school , Bob Heft designed the U.S. flag .
He made a 50 - star flag for the class project .
However , the U.S. only had 48 states at the time , so Heft got a B minus for his work .
However , his prediction that two more states would be added ended up true .
Heft wrote 21 letters and called the White House 18 times .
Eventually , President Eisenhower called to tell him his design would be used .
The design for the current U.S. flag was made official on July 4 , 1960 .
Bald eagles do n't sound like in the movies .
If you ’ve seen a Western film , the iconic bird screech comes to mind .
However , you ’d be surprised that it ’s not actually the sound of a bald eagle .
The piercing call that most people associate with the bird is actually a sound made by another bird of prey : the red - tailed hawk .
Hollywood uses the red - tailed hawk ’s cry because it has a more dramatic effect .
Real bald eagles would actually chirp rather than screeching .
Bearcat urine smells like buttered popcorn .
The smell of buttered popcorn is mouthwatering and even nostalgic to some – so much so that there ’s even a jellybean flavor and candle scents for it .
However , make sure you ’re not getting duped – because that ’s exactly what the Southeast Asian bearcat ’s pee smells like .
Bearcat urine contains the same compound found in buttered popcorn ( 2 - AP ) .
The Southeast Asian bearcat covers its feet and tail in their buttered popcorn - scented urine for other bearcats to smell .
Abraham Lincoln 's dog was also killed .
Another one for unfortunate WTF facts : President Abraham Lincoln ’s dog suffered the same fate as his owner .
For 14 years , Abraham Lincoln had a yellow mongrel named Fido .
A year after the president was assassinated , Fido was stabbed by a drunkard and later found dead .
The Wombat poops in cubes .
Before you ask , no – their buttholes are n’t square .
You ’ve heard of cubed watermelons .
Now , nature brings us cubed poop !
Wombat poop is cubical in shape because of their long , slow digestive process .
The heart symbol was inspired by ancient birth control .
Do you remember how shocked you were when you discovered in biology class that our hearts were n’t shaped like the cute symmetrical shape we see everywhere ?
Your next question probably would ’ve been , “ Well , how did they come up with that butt shape ? ”
A theory suggests that the shape came from the silphium , a type of now - extinct plant that the ancient Greeks and Romans consumed for medicine , food , and birth control .
Silphium seeds were shaped like our modern heart icon .
A cockroach can live for weeks after its head has been cut off .
If you ’ve ever been assaulted by a cockroach , your instincts would be fight or flight – and the brave few who would fight can probably agree that cockroaches can be ridiculously hard to squish and kill .
Even with its head cut off , a roach would survive because of its open circulatory system or using tiny holes on their body called spiracles to breathe .
Additionally , cockroaches do n’t need food like we do , so they ’d be able to go for weeks without it .
All cereal box characters look down , and it ’s because of psychology .
You may have a lot of fond memories with your favorite childhood cereal , but we bet you missed this detail : all the characters ’ eyes on the boxes look downwards .
It ’s not really decreed in the cereal code , but they are illustrated like that in order to make eye contact with children from the grocery shelf .
Doing this would grab kids ’ attention and make it more likely for them to ask their parents to buy cereal .
Jelly beans are coated with insect juice .
Jelly beans and candy corn are usually coated with shellac , a substance made from the secretions of a Thai species called kerria lacca .
However , you probably wo n’t see this ingredient in the list : the industrial term for it is “ confectioner ’s glaze . ”
This secret ingredient gives your favorite confectionery that delicious sheen .
Humans have farted 17 quadrillion times since the beginning of time .
If you want a picture of how far the human race has come , you can measure it in farts .
The average person farts 14 times a day .
The next time you ’re questioning your contributions to society , hold on to these kinds of WTF facts .
One kiss transfers more than 80 million germs .
When Dua Lipa said , “ One kiss is all it takes , ” she meant more than just falling in love .
In one 10 - second French kiss , over 80 million microbes are transferred between partners .
Sounds pretty icky , but scientists actually think kissing may boost the immune system through shared bacteria .
Similarly , people in long term relationships were found to have the same bacteria in their mouths .
How sweet !
Scientists used to believe there were little people inside sperm .
In the 1600s , “ preformationism ” was a widely believed theory : People believed that tiny , fully - formed humans were curled up in sperm cells or egg cells .
Sounds like a surrealist horror concept , if you ask me .
Starfish eat with their stomachs outside their body .
Starfish may not have brains , but they ’ve got a hell of a stomach .
Mostly feeding on clams and mussels , the starfish wraps its arms around its prey ’s shell and squeezes it open .
The starfish then pushes its stomach out of its mouth and into the prey ’s shell .
Once it digests the animal inside the shell , the starfish will retract its stomach back into its body .
Who knew these innocent - looking sea creatures were so hardcore ?
The universe is officially colored " Cosmic Latte . "
In 2002 , scientists determined that all light in the universe has the average shade of beige color coined the “ Cosmic Latte . ”
The astronomer Peter Drum came up with the name while he read an article about the experiment in a Starbucks and realized that the color was similar to his latte .
Turtles breathe out of their butts .
Some freshwater species of turtles breathe out of their butts to conserve energy while hibernating in the winter .
A head of human hair is strong enough to support 12 tons .
If you ’ve treated your hair with anything than your natural hair color , you ’d know that it is stronger than you think .
Science has proof to back it up .
According to a study , strand of hair can hold up to 30 ounces , and an entire head of hair can withstand up to 12 tons ( or , the size of two elephants ) .
Abercrombie & Fitch paid MTV to make sure the cast of Jersey Shore does n’t wear their clothes .
You ’ve heard of sponsorship deals , but how about getting paid not to use a certain brand or product ?
Reality TV is almost like the epitome of all the evils of humanity .
Simply put , it ’s a very messy place .
So , to protect its brand image , Abercrombie & Fitch offered a hefty sum just to ensure that The Situation and other cast members would switch to other brands .
Yikes .
The top six earners in reality TV are all Kardashians .
Whether or not that ’s an honorable title is up to debate .
However , the Kardashians is basically a reality TV dynasty at this point – all having used their profit to launch their respective side businesses and projects .
No one knows why flamingos stand on one foot .
Flamingos usually pose with one foot tucked under their bodies .
A theory suggests that they do it to conserve body heat in the cold water of their feeding areas , but it has not been confirmed .
Astonishingly , a study showed that this behavior does not cause muscle strain in their legs , meaning they can do it without physical effort .
Women blink more often than men .
In a study , women blinked an average of 19 times , while for men , it was only 11 times .
The lint that collects in your pockets is called gnurr .
Who knew it was called that all along ?
The founders of Hewlett - Packard flipped a coin to determine whose name would come first .
Before HP was a well - known name in the computer industry , the owners flipped a coin to decide whose name goes first .
No hard feelings .
Some animals can delay their pregnancies .
Most carnivores can pause their pregnancies for up to months .
Delayed gestation is observed in all bears , most seals , and many rodents , deer , armadillos , and anteaters .
Imagine if humans can do that , too ?
Sigmund Freud once believed that cocaine could help treat morphine addiction .
Freud has long been outed as a fraud , but he had some interesting things to say about a lot of things .
Namely , using cocaine to treat an addiction to morphine .
Which – y’know – is like trying to put out a fire with gasoline .
NASA had to rename the sizes of male astronaut peeing apparatus .
Everyone knows you ca n’t just pee in a toilet in space , so imagine the headache when NASA had to issue peeing apparatuses .
They had to change the sizing names from small - medium - large , to large - gigantic - humongous because no one wanted to pick their true size .
The line between the numbers in a fraction has a name .
The line between fractions is called the vinculum .
You can estimate the temperature through cricket chirps .
If you count how many chirps a cricket makes in 15 seconds and then add 37 , you ’ll get a rough estimate of the temperature .
The U.S. pizza industry serves 100 acres of pizza each day .
That ’s as big as Winnie The Pooh ’s hometown – if the name is mathematically accurate .
Scientists accidentally killed the world 's oldest animal while trying to learn its age .
Everybody makes mistakes .
When scientists found an ancient ocean quahog , they decided to examine it from the inside to determine its true age .
However , in doing so , they accidentally killed the ancient clam .
And all for nothing , too – they ended up using the outside of its shell to determine its age .
Ming , named after the dynasty it was born , had actually been 507 years old at the time of its discovery .
The metal studs on jeans are called “ rivets . ”
Ah , such riveting WTF facts .
In the late 1800s , rivets were introduced to reinforce clothing .
Initially , riveted jeans were manufactured specifically for miners and other manual laborers .
The verb form of the word " run " has almost 650 different meanings .
It ’s only followed by the word “ set ” with 430 meanings .
A cubic inch of bone is four times as strong as concrete .
Ounce for ounce , bone is even stronger than steel .
Camels have three eyelids .
If a camel winks at you , you ’re getting three times the wink of the average person .
Camels have three eyelids to protect their eyes from the harsh sands of their environments .
An ostrich 's brain size is smaller than its eyeball .
Talk about a bird brain .
The average size of an ostrich brain is 59.26 x 42.30 mm , meaning the ostrich ’s brain is smaller than either of its eyes that are the size of billiard balls .
Dead women can still give birth .
In a phenomenon called “ Coffin Birth , ” a pregnant woman may deliver a child spontaneously after her death .
Post - mortem birth occurs due to the gases that build up in the abdominal area forcing the baby out of the womb .
A jellyfish 's mouth is also its anus .
There might be a saying that goes , “ Do n’t eat where you sh*t , ” but that would be physically impossible for jellyfish .
All species of jellyfish eat and excrete from the same hole .
You can't breathe and swallow at the same time .
Speaking of the physically impossible , one thing the human body ca n’t do is to breathe and swallow at the same time .
The food and fluid that we swallow travels down the same part of our throat as the air we breathe in .
It can only do one thing at a time .
In Welsh folklore , corgis carried fairies .
According to a Welsh legend , a pair of corgis tow the carts and carriages of fairies and help them ride into battle .
Epic corgis = WTF facts .
People used to answer the phone by saying " Ahoy ! "
What would you do if you called someone and they answered with , “ Ahoy ! ” I , for one , would throw hands at how unnecessary that would be .
However , when the public started using the phone in the 1800s , inventor Alexander Graham Bell decided that phone calls should be answered with “ ahoy ” instead of “ hello . ”
However , Thomas Edison wanted users to answer the phone with “ hello . ”
By 1880 , “ ahoy ” was just something a pirate would say .
Chopsticks were initially created for cooking , not as an eating utensil .
In Ancient China , chopsticks were invented and used for cooking .
Because of their length , they were perfect for reaching into pots of hot water or oil .
In 16th Century England , pies were filled with surprises .
Celebratory pies served in 16th century England contained live animals that were released when the pie was cut .
Such animals were frogs , squirrels , and blackbirds .
Saffron is more expensive than gold .
Iran is the world ’s main producer of saffron , supplying 95 % of the saffron market .
Each flower produces about three red stamens which must be hand - picked .
For every 150 flowers , only 1 gram of saffron is produced .
The lengthy process plus its rarity makes this precious spice cost $ 3,000 per kg .
Bird ’s nest soup is made of bird saliva .
One of the tasty WTF facts :
The white - nest swiftlet ’s nests can sell for as much as $ 4,500 for 450g .
The soup is made by first steeping the nests in water to clean out feces and debris .
The nests made of moss , feathers , and solidified bird saliva are then added to a broth mixture .
You ca n’t mess up mushrooms .
The special polymer chitin in mushrooms ’ cell walls ensure a tender texture .
Craving ice is a symptom of iron deficiency .
If you like munching on ice , you might have anemia .
The compulsive eating of ice is also known as pagophagia , and could possibly be a subconscious way of cooling mouth inflammation caused by iron deficiency .
Vampire bats drink half their body weight in blood .
For each meal , bats consume an ounce of blood .
By the end of the 20 - 30 - minute process , a bat will have consumed almost its entire weight in blood .
However , bats can still fly after a meal because their stomach lining absorbs the liquid as quickly as possible .
High heels were invented for men .
Though heels are seen as symbols of femininity nowadays , high heels were initially designed for men ’s use in the late 16th century .
During this time , heels were seen as masculine and a great height - booster .
There 's a brewery in Japan that makes beer from elephant poop .
The brewery , Sankt Gallen , produces a beer called Un Kono Kuro , made with coffee beans that have passed through an elephant .
You are 13.8 percent more likely to die on your birthday .
According to studies , a person is 13.8 % more likely to pass on their birthday than on any other day .
The world 's longest fart lasted over a minute long .
Bernard Clemmens broke the world record for the longest fart when he farted for 2 minutes and 42 seconds straight .
There ’s a world record for the largest number of people dressed up as penguins .
In London , 373 people wearing penguin costumes gathered and ended up creating a world record .
WTF facts ?
More like legacy , y’all .
The longest ear hair in the world may be longer than your actual hair .
At 25 cm , the world record for the longest ear hair in the world belongs to Radhakant Bajpai of India .
His wife highly disapproves of the hair , but he believes it brings him good luck and refuses to get rid of it .
The loudest burp in the world is louder than a chainsaw .
Have you ever woken up annoyed at the construction ongoing near your flat , or your neighbor blasting music ?
If yes , then you ’d better stay away from Paul Hunn – or at least be out of earshot .
Hunn made the world record for the world ’s loudest burp which clocked in at 109.9 decibels .
If you have no idea how loud that is , an average chainsaw is 106 decibels loud , while a jackhammer is at 130 decibels .
That ’s probably the loudest of these WTF facts .
The most Big Macs ever eaten by a person is 26,000 burgers .
The most Big Macs eaten in one lifetime is a whopping 26,000 Big Macs eaten by Donald A. Gorske of the U.S.
He hit is big milestone on October 11 , 2012 after eating Big Macs on a daily basis for 40 years .
The stretchiest skin in the world can stretch over 6 inches .
Garry Turner of the U.K. can stretch the skin on his stomach up to 6.25 ” due to a rare medical condition called the Ehlers - Danlos Syndrome .
The collagen in his skin and muscles become defective and loosens his skin and joints .
The most piercings on a person is over 4,000 .
Elaine Davidson of Brazil got her first skin piercing in January 1997 .
Since then , the Brazilian former restaurant owner has gotten over 4,225 piercings as of June 8 , 2006 .
The longest distance covered while lifting a table with teeth is 38 feet .
Georges Christen of Luxembourg ran 38 feet and 8 inches while carrying a 11.79 kg table ( with a 50 kg woman sitting on it ) using in his mouth in Spain , on February 9 , 2008 .
The longest metal coil inserted through the nose and mouth is 11 feet long .
In March 2012 , Andrew Stanton of the U.S. inserted an 11 ft 10 in .
coil of metal into his mouth and out of his mouth .
The longest fingernails ever grown on a woman reached over 28 ft.
Lee Redmond of the U.S. took nearly 30 years to grow her nails out to the 28 feet and 4.5 inches in February 2008 .
The longest nail was her right thumb , which reached lengths of 2 feet and 11 inches .
However , her nails snapped off in a car accident in 2009 .
There ’s a sport for making weird faces .
A gurn or chuck is a particular funny facial expression .
The typical “ gurn ” involves protruding the lower jaw as forward as possible , completely covering the upper lip with the lower lip .
Anne Woods of the U.K. has won 27 gurning championships from 1977 - 2010 , which makes her the record - holder for the most gurning world championships won .
The oldest stripper started at 60 years old .
Age is just a number , and Bernie Barker proved it to a tee .
The former real estate agent ) got into stripping in 2000 when he was 60 .
To him , stripping was a way to get in shape after beating prostate cancer .
Throughout his career , he won over 40 contests .
Unfortunately , he died at the age of 66 in 2007 .
The longest tongue on a dog was over a foot long .
The longest tongue on a dog ever recorded belonged to a boxer named Brandy .
The tongue measured an astounding 1 ft 5 in .
The most soda cans opened by a bird is 35 .
On January 12 , 2012 , Zac the Macaw opened 35 soda cans in one minute in San Jose , California .
The world ’s longest legs measure 4 ft long .
Svetlana Pankratova of Russia officially has the world ’s longest legs , measuring a little over 4 feet on July 8 , 2003 .
The longest kiss in the world lasted almost 60 hours .
Ekkachai and Laksana Tiranarat of Thailand hold the world record for the longest kiss — clocking in at at 58 hours , 35 minutes and 58 seconds .
A man once ate an entire plane .
You read that right .
Michel Lotito was a famous French entertainer known for eating inedible things .
Lotito ate metal , glass , rubber and other industrial materials .
He disassembled , cut , and ate items such as bicycles , shopping carts , televisions , and – most notably – a Cessna 150 .
The 680 kg plane took roughly two years to be “ eaten ” by Lotito from 1978 to 1980 .
The heaviest carrot in the world weighs over 10 kg .
Verified on September 9 , 2017 , Christopher Qualley of the U.S. officially grew the world ’s heaviest carrot at 10.17 kg .
The longest noodle in the world is over 10,000 feet long .
The longest noodle in the world measures 10,119 ft 1.92 in .
It was created by Xiangnian Food Co. , Ltd. in Nanyang , China , on October 28 , 2017 .
The most layers on a sandwich is 60 .
The world record for the most layers in a sandwich is 60 .
It was achieved by the DiLusso Deli Company at Madison Square Park in New York , USA on October 22 , 2016 .
The most M&Ms eaten with chopsticks while blindfolded is 20 pieces .
The most M&Ms eaten in a minute ( while blindfolded and with chopsticks ) is 20 M&Ms. it was achieved by Ashrita Furman of the U.S. on December 8 , 2011 .
FOR years , Tom Wolfe has been lambasting America 's literary establishment for ignoring the best story around — their own country .
America positively pullulates with fantastic stories .
And yet its writers , ensconced in their Manhattan lofts and writer - in - residence residences , can't be bothered to look further than the ends of their noses .
“ At this weak , pale , tabescent moment in the history of American literature , ” Mr Wolfe wrote in one of his manifestos on behalf of literary realism , “ we need a battalion , a brigade , of Zolas to head out into this wild , bizarre , unpredictable , hog - stomping , Baroque country of ours and reclaim it as literary property . ”
Yet the trouble with turning yourself into an American Zola is that you immediately expose yourself to being trumped by reality .
The better sort of critics are forever lambasting Mr Wolfe for going over the top — for using cartoon characters to exaggerate the evils of modern society — but the truth is the opposite .
Mr Wolfe 's satire pales into insignificance compared with the hog - stomping reality that he tries to capture .
Take Mr Wolfe 's most recent novel , “ I Am Charlotte Simmons ” ( 2004 ) .
The book poked fun at the macho culture of an elite university that was closely modelled on the would - be Princeton of the South , Duke .
This fictional institution liked to think of itself as being at the cutting edge of political correctness , all unisex lavatories and gay - pride demos .
But in reality it was ruled by an elite caste of jocks — brainless bores who spent their lives drinking themselves senseless or wam - bam - thank - you - mamming with any co-ed they could get their hands on .
And none were more boorish and brainless than the lacrosse players .
Elaine Showalter , a retired Princeton professor , duly published a tut - tutting review accusing Mr Wolfe of missing the “ feminist revolution ” and engaging in the “ grossest of stereotypes ” .
Yet Mr Wolfe 's story is tame by comparison with recent events at the real Duke .
It seems that a month or so ago a group of — yes — lacrosse players hired a couple of strippers to entertain them of an evening .
Unfortunately , what might have been a routine night of booze and bawdiness ended in turmoil .
One of the strippers accused three lacrosse players of raping and assaulting her .
The players strenuously denied the charges , and subsequent DNA tests have turned up negative .
The event was heavily overladen with racial tension ; the lacrosse players were almost all white while the two strippers were black .
It also had a Baroque twist .
Two hours or so after the alleged rape , a partygoer sent an e-mail saying that he wanted to lure more strippers to his room in order to kill and skin them .
Or take Mr Wolfe 's last - but - one novel , “ A Man in Full ” ( 1998 ) .
The book opens with a lavish description of a quail hunt among the Georgia nouveaux riches .
Many reviewers found the satire as over the top as the prose style ( “ Quail !
The aristocrat of American wild game !
It was what the grouse and the pheasant were in England and Scotland and Europe — only better ! ” ) .
But it is impossible to read that scene today without finding it a bit tame .
Why did n't Mr Wolfe include a major Republican politician ?
Why did n't he get the politician to shoot an elderly lawyer in the face — and then try to hush the whole matter up ?
Or take his first novel , “ The Bonfire of the Vanities ” ( 1987 ) .
This has survived the reality test much better than the other two books .
But hardly a week goes by without somebody coming along and trying to outdo one of Bonfire 's characters .
“ Bonfire ” introduced the world to Peter Fallow , a tabloid journalist who had turned freeloading into a career .
Last week , the New York Daily News disclosed that Jared Paul Stern , a gossip columnist for the New York Post , recently solicited $ 220,000 from a billionaire investor , Ron Burkle , in return for a year 's “ protection ” against damaging items appearing in the paper 's Page Six column .
“ Bonfire ” also introduced the world to the Reverend Bacon , a black politician who uses any excuse to engage in agitprop and race - baiting .
Two weeks ago , Cynthia McKinney , a black congresswoman from Georgia , got into an altercation with a Capitol Hill police officer : he tried to stop her from entering the building because she did n't have the right ID and she allegedly responded by hitting him with a cell - phone .
Instead of apologising she organised an anti-racist rally at Howard University , complete with cameo appearances by Harry Belafonte and Danny Glover , to denounce the “ inappropriate touching and stopping of me — a female , black , progressive congresswoman . ”
The inadequacy of fiction
Mr Wolfe is not alone .
The best of the would - be Zolas to join Mr Wolfe in trying to reclaim America as “ literary property ” is Christopher Buckley , the son of William Buckley , the founder of the modern conservative movement and long - time chronicler of Washington , DC .
The younger Mr Buckley recently hit the literary equivalent of the jackpot .
Not only has Hollywood turned one of his novels , “ Thank You for Smoking ” into a film ; it comes out at a time when the Abramoff affair has focused everyone 's attention on the lobbying industry .
But it is hard not to watch the film without feeling let down .
It is amusing to see the hero labouring on behalf of the tobacco industry and lunching with his “ merchants of death ” , lobbyists from the alcohol and firearms industries .
But this is tame stuff compared with what Mr Abramoff got up to .
He not only bilked Indian tribes of tens of millions of dollars , but got evangelical Christians to help him in the bilking .
This is not a vote in favour of the sort of literary navel - gazing that Mr Wolfe condemned .
But it is a warning that it is almost impossible to outdo reality in a country as richly bizarre as the United States .
Perhaps writers should leave those unfinished novels locked up in the drawer — and content themselves instead with the humble craft of journalism .
