Hi , I 'm Jeff Atwood from Coding Horror .
Alex offered me the opportunity to write an article for The Daily WTF while he was away on vacation a few months ago .
Unfortunately , the scheduling never quite worked out , and the tone of the resulting article was different enough from The Daily WTF format that it never quite fit in .
But now that the site has been relaunched , it ’s a perfect time to revisit the question that has nagged at me ever since I wrote the original article .
What are we all doing here ?
I 'm no stranger to bad code ; after all , my blog is named after a sidebar illustration used to illustrate dangerous code in Steve McConnell 's seminal programming book Code Complete .
But I 'm not here to present yet another scary code sample by yet another developer who should have known better , but did n't .
Although I love Worse Than Failure like I love the world 's ugliest dog , the concept has always made me a little uncomfortable .
I 've certainly written my share of WTFs through the years .
And what exactly defines a WTF , anyway ?
One developer 's clever hack is another developer 's nails - on - the - chalkboard WTF .
Ultimately , I decided that Worse Than Failure makes me uncomfortable because it exposes the dirty little secret of our profession : we all write bad code .
The only difference between us and them , in fact , is that we know when we 're writing bad code .
And that 's a very thin line indeed .
There are millions of lines of WTFs written every year by developers who had no idea they were writing WTF material .
The developers writing these WTFs are blissfully unaware of the carnage they 're creating for their fellow developers .
And there 's so much material to work with .
In our profession , bad code is not remarkable , noteworthy , or interesting .
Bad code is utterly mundane because it is , sadly , all too common .
It 's the status quo .
If you want to see bad code , you do n't have to come here to do so .
Just look around you .
This should make us uncomfortable .
If anything , there should be a website where you could marvel at the truly unique code -- the stuff that does n't suck .
Publicizing bad code is part of educating developers .
Worse Than Failure has done that remarkably well .
Pointing and laughing at all these terrible code samples is fun .
But once you realize the scope of the problem , it stops being fun -- and starts being downright depressing .
At some point you wish the guy before you had done something about this person and their WTF code before it became your responsibility .
Let 's take a break from our regular programming to consider how we can prevent WTFs from happening in the first place .
If you 're reading this , you probably do n't need our help .
But your fellow developers do .
Take less capable developers under your wing .
Mentor them .
Provide them with guidance .
Invite them to a user group meeting .
Email them blog links .
Expose them to essential programming books like Code Complete and Don't Make Me Think .
In extreme cases , maybe they legitimately picked the wrong profession and should be gently nudged into some other role .
Or you could just post their code on Worse Than Failure for us to laugh at .
But when you do that , you 're really laughing at all of us .
Google - Earthing the North Korean Military
Poking around Google Earth at a moment of geopolitical drama , I took a look at North Korea .
Turns out that military installations are not only indicated by the Google Earth community , they ’re described in some detail .
There are areas in several countries that have been left at low resolution at the request of the countries affected for security purposes .
Since the Democratic Peoples Republic of Korea [ N Korea ] is a secretive state that does not have regular contact with the rest of the world , they have not requested any areas to be excluded …
The information posted is the work of several that has been combined , which I participated in .
I am retired , and spent 22 years in the US Army .
During [ which ] 22 years , I was assigned to Korea for 4 tours …
From a Google Earth Community Member , in an email to Open Source , 7/17/06
In fact , there are several military and intelligence employees , some retired and some active , who turn the defense job into a hobby , helping to point out and explain foreign military curiosities at the very civilian level of Google Earth .
One current imagery analyst explained that , though he never divulges classified information , he often ‘ identifies naval vessels at ’ bases that ordinary Google Earth explorers have stumbled upon .
Also , maps from sites such as Globalsecurity.org are overlayed onto the framework of Google Earth .
Like an army of ants , the nearly 550,000 - strong Google Earth community has voraciously explored the North Korean military installations , including :
North Korean air base [ Google Earth ]
Submarines at Pipa
Got naval base , North Korea [ Google Earth ]
David Chisnall takes a look behind the scenes at Apple 's upcoming revamp of the Objective - C language .
As with any new language , some things are good , some are ugly , and some are both .

Objective - C has a long and interesting history .
In this article I ’ll briefly reviews is past and present , and then dive into what the future holds for its latest incarnation .
The Past
Objective - C was created by Brad Cox in the early 1980s as a way of gaining the flexibility of Smalltalk without sacrificing compatibility with C code .
The language gained some popularity as a result of being the basis of the first RAD environment , created by NeXT .
In 1992 , the first GNU Objective - C runtime was released , and support was added in the GNU Compiler Collection ( GCC ) .
With a Free , portable implementation available , Objective - C became a more attractive language for developers , but was still overshadowed by C++ , which was actively pushed by Microsoft .
The idea occurs to me , as so many desperate solutions do , during the Christmas holiday season .
I have maxed out the Visa , moved on to the Citibank debit card , and am tapping the ATM like an Iraqi guerrilla pulling crude from the pipeline .
Convinced I am picking up no more than the occasional trinket - a tree ornament for Howard and Nanette here , a bar of French soap there - atheist Grinch that I am , I 've still managed to scatter $ 1,001 across New York City and the internet in just two weeks .
In New York , only a day after the towers fell , Mayor Rudolph Giuliani counselled his trembling constituents to " show you 're not afraid .
Go to restaurants .
Go shopping . "
When the world 's people asked how they could help , he responded , " Come here and spend money . "
Shopping became a patriotic duty .
Buy that flat - screen TV , our leaders commanded , or the terrorists will have won .
All this floats to mind in mid-December as I stoop to fish a glove from one of the slushy puddles that form on New York street corners after a snowfall .
The corner of my paper shopping bag gets sodden , and the contents begin to drop through it .
Frigid liquid seeps into the seam of my left boot .
This is freedom ?
I asked myself .
This is democracy ?
I know there are others who have already opted out .
Some started their resistance on the Friday after Thanksgiving ( America 's biggest shopping day ) , joining almost a million worldwide in celebrating Buy Nothing Day , a 24 - hour period of abstention .
It comes to me : what if I were to meditate on the true meaning - and economic , environmental , social and personal consequences - of the Retail Season not just for a day , but for a month ?
Too easy .
I 've got enough stuff to last me for three .
OK , three months .
Nah , gratification of desire can be forestalled that long without much trouble .
What if I resisted for the actual length of the retail season : the whole year ?
We take the vow .
Starting January 1 2004 , my partner Paul and I will buy only necessities for sustenance , health and business - groceries , insulin for our diabetic cat , toilet paper , internet access .
I am not primarily out to save money , though I 'll be delighted if that happens .
I have no illusion that forgoing this CD or that skirt is going to bring down consumer culture - I do n't even know if I want to bring it down .
Materially , we will survive .
That 's the least of my worries .
But , I ask myself , can a person have a social , community or family life , a business , a connection to the culture , an identity , even a self , outside the realm of purchased things and experiences ?
December 31 We drive to Vermont .
At 9 pm we light candles on the kitchen table and send off the old year with our traditional dinner of spaghetti and caviar .
We toast the Year Without Shopping with our second - to - last bottle of Veuve Clicquot .
At 10 pm I unearth a Red Envelope catalogue with a turned - down page featuring a small concrete baby elephant .
When I found it more than a year ago , we 'd been looking for an ornament to place on a jutting rock in our perennial garden .
The elephant was just right , and Paul volunteered to make the purchase but never got around to it .
" Oh well , " I sigh .
" I guess we can say goodbye to our elephant . "
" There are still two hours left ! " declares Paul , surprising me with his enthusiasm .
He leaps online .
" They still have it ! " he shouts , reaching for his credit card .
A familiar frisson courses through me - the thrill of the perfect gift , the unbelievable bargain , the hat or shirt that is absolutely me .
Paul hits the Send button .
The elephant will arrive the day after tomorrow .
And after that ... 363 days will pass without the UPS man brightening our door .
The frisson turns to a chill .
New Year 's Day I wake up to fresh coffee and a forecast of snow .
The wood furnace is hot , the windows frosted .
Last night 's chill starts to dissipate .
If anyone can make it through a non -buying year , I figure , Paul and I can .
We 're both self - employed and work at home , conducting most of our business by phone and email .
We have no office rents ; our work outfits - pyjamas and pyjama equivalents - require no dry cleaning .
We make our own schedules .
We 're free to rise before dawn and put in our eight hours before knocking off to ski in the afternoon ; we can take two hours to mow the lawn with a low - fuel push mower or simmer a big , cheap soup all day .
Because Paul and I were adults with established lives in two different states when we met , we still spend spring and fall in my Brooklyn apartment , and summer and winter in Paul 's house in rural Vermont .
The arrangement allows me to rent out the apartment and save a half - year 's housing costs .
Paul is a political and energy - efficiency consultant , I am a full - time writer and editor .
We are educated , cosmopolitan , self - directing and childless .
We pay our own stripped - down , high - deductible health insurance premiums ( with out - of - pocket dental bills , this comes to about $ 6,000 a year for me ) .
We have no job security , no workers ' compensation or paid vacations , and minuscule savings .
We are both past 50 .
Temperamentally , we are suited to the task .
Paul is a non-shopper .
A Vermont boy from a penurious family , he 'd rather spend a day a month re-twisting and soldering the coils of an ancient toaster than purchase a new one .
My own shopping enthusiasms are livelier but in the scheme of things American , I am a desultory and uncommitted consumer at best .
Yet somehow Paul and I have managed to amass what can only be described as a lot of shit .
This fact will shape our strategy for the year .
Besides those few pre-project panic purchases , we have decided not to stock up .
We will use whatever we have , and if something runs out , decide if we need more .
January 15
The rules are shaping up , and we are starting to adjust .
No processed or prepared food except bread .
No restaurants , we tell our friends .
Come to dinner , they reply .
No movies or video rentals .
I 'm reading a book every three or four days .
January 16
I discover that I earn about the median income for a New Yorker ( a bit under $ 45,000 before taxes and business expenses ) ; my perennially unpaid credit card balance ( about $ 7,500 ) is average , too .
Even my attitudes to spending are normal .
Research shows that just about everyone thinks she needs the things she buys and considers almost everything she wants a necessity .
We 're not greedy , we say .
It 's everyone else who is acquiring useless stuff .
February 14 , Valentine 's Day
At the convenience store and Texaco station on the corner of Routes 14 and 15 , the red foil - covered chocolate roses are selling well .
A man in front of me in the queue buys two .
I pick up my New York Times ( a necessity ) and leave the store thinking about a Valentine 's gift for Paul .
When I get home , I empty the matches from a small , thin matchbox and wrap it in iridescent purple paper , glue hearts on either side , fill it with a couple of dozen tiny hearts cut from old magazines .
When Paul gets home , he opens the box and the hearts tumble out .
He kisses me .
I 'm proud of my matchbox , proud as I am of our old Chevy held together with welding compound and Bondo .
I 'm not keeping up with the Joneses who drive the big trucks , but the Joneses who grow organic carrots and drive old bangers like ours .
In our little subculture , not consuming gives Paul and me cachet .
March 7
For vicarious pleasure , or perhaps in anticipation of next year , I clip restaurant reviews and take them out from time to time to reread , returning like a regular to my favourite spots .
Not patronising cafes , bars or restaurants has made social life , and especially business life , awkward .
In Vermont in winter , with two feet of snow on the ground , you can't exactly hold a meeting on a park bench .
I realise I 'm forfeiting more than convenience .
I 'm losing conviviality and communion , which is a lubricant for deal - making both professional and personal .
March 26
Out for my daily walk , I stroll to Fulton Street , the down - market shoppers ' mall in downtown Brooklyn , and find myself inside one of the two dozen shoe shops on the strip .
The colours draw me in : Bazooka Pink , Creamsicle orange , sour - lime - candy green .
The shoes are cartoon - like , toe boxes balloon - fat or turned up like elfin slippers ; cloven like the hooves of mythical creatures .
The companies have animal names suggesting bounce and bite : KangaRoo , Puma .
One brand called Irregular Choice offers pairs in which the two shoes are different .
" Can I help you ? " asks the salesman .
" No , thank you , " I say .
" Just looking . "
I could eat those lime - green shoes .
Not for nothing do the French call window - shopping la lêche - vitrine - licking shop windows .
April 4
Travel is out this year , but we have a months - old obligation ( and desire ) to fly to Montana in June to celebrate the graduation of my niece , Sarah .
We 're getting our tickets with frequent - flier miles , so we 're not spending money on that ( although if we were really serious about our ecological footprint , we 'd keep our feet on the ground ) .
April 21
No matter how careful I am , I am spending .
A week ago , I withdrew $ 150 from the ATM , expecting it to last two weeks .
Twenty bucks went on an 11 - ride subway card , $ 42.40 on groceries , $ 11.95 on drugstore items ( toothpaste , floss , shampoo ) , and $ 55 for a haircut ( necessary ? ) .
That 's $ 129.35 .
What about the remaining $ 20.65 ?
I plumb my memory .
Aha !
A week of newspapers , $ 9.50 .
Two quarters here , another quarter there from pocket to crushed paper cup : beggars .
That still leaves $ 10 and change .
My friend
Ann calls it " leakage " , this unaccounted - for trickling of bills from wallet to limbo , not unlike the migration of socks between clothes dryer and dresser drawer .
It 's also a fact of life in New York , where a friend once estimated it costs five bucks an hour just to be - and that was in the 70s .
May 1
What should I do ?
I do n't have a date and Paul is in Vermont .
I could take a bike ride , I could read , I could learn to knit or start on ancient Greek .
None of it appeals .
Shopping defeats , or at least circumvents , boredom , but not only because it fills idle time .
Consumption is an exercise in hope - hope for more happiness , more beauty , more status , more fun .
June 6
I meet Debbie , an editor friend , for a picnic in Hudson River Park .
I 've made a lentil salad and crudités , and have brought some baba ghanoush that Paul made from scratch .
Debbie carries a Zabar 's bag of fancy cheeses and crackers , gourmet cookies and chocolate .
I suspect she is overdoing it with the delicacies since , poor me , I do n't get out much .
We stroll away from the river and into the streets of the Village .
Soon , we find ourselves on Thirteenth Street approaching the Quad movie theatre .
" Hey , let 's go to a movie , " says Debbie .
" I 'll pay . "
" No , no .
You do n't have to do that . "
It 's hard to know which is more wearisome , saying yes or saying no .
" I know I do n't have to .
I want to , " she responds .
I give her an apologetic look .
" I wanted to go to a movie with you , " she says with mocking niceness , and a laugh .
" But since you 're not allowed to , according to your rules , I figured I 'd just pay . "
Ugh , my rules .
I am inconvenient , a costly inconvenience .
" My rules " require that if they want to spend time with me doing anything fun , my friends have to buy me .
Debbie and I compromise on a coffee , for which I " let " her pay .
By not buying , Paul and I have mobilised a small army of surrogate consumers .
June 7
We run out of Q - tips .
I try to wash my ears with a washcloth but can't reach the sweet spot .
Is impeccable ear hygiene a necessity ?
June 10
We 've been agonising over a gift for Sarah .
Now we 're getting down to the wire .
As I put two bowls of soup on the table , Paul strides into the kitchen , excited .
" Hey , I have an idea .
Why do n't you give Sarah something you own , that you love ? "
" That 's it ! " I shout .
I mentally review my possessions .
From body to body : jewellery .
I open my Mexican jewellery box and pull out a silver and turquoise Navaho necklace that my mother bought just after the war .
In my 20s , I noticed Mom never wore the necklace , and asked for it .
She gave it to me .
Now I rarely wear it .
It is tarnished , its clasp broken .
It needs a new life .
I call my mother to ask if it 's OK to give the necklace to Sarah .
She does n't quite remember it ( so much for " lovingly handed down for generations " ) .
Still , the piece is meaningful to me : it feels like an heirloom .
Plus the blue will bring out the colour of Sarah 's eyes .
A friend of Paul 's fixes the catch and polishes the silver ...
June 26
When we get to Sarah's , I take her aside and give her the gift .
It 's as if the necklace is resurrected .
The silver casts light on Sarah 's face .
She smiles , her eyes wide .
She reads the card , which tells her it was my mother 's and mine and now hers , and maybe ( I 've written ) someday will be her daughter's .
" Oh , Judy , that 's soooo sweet , " she coos .
I close the clasp at the back of her neck and she goes into the bathroom to admire herself in the mirror .
She comes out beaming , clearly moved .
" Now I can have a little of Judy and Grandma with me wherever I go ! "
Sarah knows how to give back .
August 1 Not Buying is becoming a habit .
When I 'm picking up groceries at the co-op I do n't even think about grabbing an egg roll from the cooler ; when I 'm driving , I have no impulse to stop for coffee .
I do n't read magazine ads , and I peruse the mail - order catalogues casually , like a woman declining the advances of a lover who no longer thrills her .
October 4
I stop to chat with Karen , a South African émigrée , at Mai -Mai , her shop on Smith Street .
Mai-Mai traffics in elegant serving plates woven from reused telephone wire , pull toys made of recycled tin cans , hand - painted hair - parlour placards and other crafts bought directly from native South African artisans and their co-ops .
I adore almost everything Karen sells .
Karen knows about my project and , far from disappointed , she is enthusiastically supportive .
If she did n't own a boutique , she says , laughing at the contradiction , she 'd stop buying , too .
" Sometimes I can't believe I am in retail , " Karen tells me today .
" I feel so guilty . "
No , no , no , I reassure her .
Your store does good .
You 're supporting the livelihoods of black South Africans , helping the struggling post - apartheid economy .
Plus you introduce Americans to South African culture - you 're an ambassador !
I blather on like this , sounding like a World Banker .
" No , there 's no excuse for it , " she says firmly .
" I 'm in retail . "
It 's as if she has said , " There 's no excuse for it .
I killed him . "
We laugh .
October 7 Intoxicants , including vodka , Oreos and OxyContin , are off - limits .
I wanna be sedated !
For minor intoxication , I ride my bike to Fulton Street to the shoe store whose pink and green Popsicle toes had me salivating last spring .
Needless to say , the neon - coloured cuties are now shopworn , marked down , and available only in sizes two and 14 .
Fashion depends as much on repulsion as attraction .
At the turn of the 20th century , Veblen described the way in which " the best of our fashions strike us as grotesque " a few months past their prime .
He called the phenomenon " aesthetic nausea " .
So , as surely as autumn follows summer , the lusciousness of last spring 's shoes has turned to a dusty aftertaste and a gummy feel in my mouth .
After five months of fasting , though , something else has happened : I have lost my appetite for fresh new offerings .
November 4
" Let me put it to you this way , " an ebullient president - elect tells the press this morning .
" I earned capital in the campaign , political capital , and now I intend to spend it . "
George Bush has won 51 % of electoral market share and now , he says , he 's got " the will of the people at my back " .
And what is he going to do with our windy will ?
Transform America into the Ownership Society : make tax cuts to the rich permanent , starve just about all government functions to the skeleton , and hand what 's left of the meat to a snarling pack of private corporations .
The Ownership Society will mean that everything Americans own collectively will be poorer : public schools , housing , transportation , hospitals ...
Homeland Security will scrimp on guarding the nuclear power plants ; the Pentagon will forgo bulletproof vests for the troops in Iraq .
Private contractors will serve the meals on the military bases and , for wages many times larger than enlisted soldiers ' combat pay , even fight the war itself .
November 9 " I Shop , Therefore I Am , " a 1983 serigraph on vinyl by the feminist artist Barbara Kruger , sells at the Chelsea auctioneer Phillips , de Pury & Company for $ 601,600 .
When the gavel falls , the packed salesroom erupts in applause .
November 16 Paul and I are sitting on the stoop in the sun , assessing our collective net worth .
He 's got his Vermont acres , I 've got my ever - more - valuable fourth - floor walk - up in Brooklyn .
" If we cash it all in 10 years from now , " Paul says , " we 'll have nearly a million dollars . "
" But we'd be living in the cars , " I say .
" If we sell those , we 'll be worth about a million two thousand , " he adds .
" We 'll be millionaires , but we 'll be homeless .
Homeless millionaires . "
December 25 Christmas
Day dawns mild and cloudy .
Waking , I feel a pang .
Usually Paul and I make coffee , then unwrap the few presents we 've bought for each other .
We settle in to do the difficult Saturday crossword puzzle and by the time we 've given up it is afternoon .
We put on our sneakers and head out for a walk in the neighbourhood .
Within a few blocks , we run into some friends , Ron and Jill .
They are having a " traditional Jewish Christmas " , they tell us , dim sum in Chinatown and a movie .
What are we doing , they ask .
Paul and I exchange glances and amiable shrugs .
We 're having a traditional atheist Jewish / lapsed Catholic / nonconsumer 's Christmas .
" Nothing special , " I answer .
Paul explains to them about the project that is just coming to an end .
" You must have saved a lot of money , " comments Ron .
It 's what most people say first when we tell them about Not Buying It .
I respond that saving money was n't the goal , but in the end , we could n't help it .
In fact , I 've been going through my accounts and comparing 2004 's expenditures with those in 2003 .
My basic nut , including mortgage , utilities , health insurance and the like , consumes about three - quarters of my gross income , which usually comes in between $ 40,000 and $ 45,000 .
But the remaining quarter , discretionary expenditures , have seen a noticeable drop .
On my 2003 tax return , I claimed $ 2,701 for " professional books " ; this year , thanks to increased library use , borrowing from friends and secondhand purchases , that item will be $ 610 .
Last year , $ 719 went to " professional viewing tickets " and $ 1,494 to " meals and entertainment " ; this year , I will enter a zero on both lines .
Among other expenses , last year I dispensed $ 1,664 on clothing .
This year , the total dispensed during my two lapses , one at a thrift shop , came to $ 105 .
" Walking - around money " - the cash I withdraw from the ATM for groceries , gas , subway fare and sundries - totalled $ 5,500 in 2003 .
In 2004 , the little door has so far dispensed $ 3,180 , and I 've got all the cash I need until New Year 's Day .
Plus , I paid off a credit card balance of $ 7,956.21 in the first half of the year and did not run it up again .
In all , I have spent about $ 8,000 less in 2004 than I did in 2003 .
December 31
Our year is over .
Are we excited , relieved ?
That 's not how either of us feels .
Today , I am calm .
Paul is wistful .
For him , it 's been one of the best of our 13 years together .
We have had a joint project .
As Paul and I withdrew from private consumptions this year , we found ourselves more than ever out " in public " .
But we also became more intimate with the back roads of the places we live and with each other , doing what Paul calls " embracing the ordinary " .
· This is an edited extract from Not Buying It : My Year Without Shopping , by Judith Levine , published by Free Press on July 1 at £ 16.99 .
To order a copy for £ 15.99 , including UK p&p , call 0870 836 0875 ( theguardian.com /bookshop ) .
Some of the busiest sites on the Web leverage Django ’s ability to quickly and flexibly scale .
Django was designed to help developers take applications from concept to completion as quickly as possible .
Django is a high - level Python Web framework that encourages rapid development and clean , pragmatic design .
Built by experienced developers , it takes care of much of the hassle of Web development , so you can focus on writing your app without needing to reinvent the wheel .
It ’s free and open source .
Stay in the loop
Subscribe to one of our mailing lists to stay up to date with everything in the Django community :
We have a few other specialized lists ( mentorship , i18n , ... ) .
You can find more information about them in our mailing list documentation .
Those Russian guys made photos of their travel across Siberia in January 2006 .
The average temperature outside was - 60 F .
Yes , minus sixty fahrenheit .
They have visited different cool places in Siberia .
For example this is a Jewish region right in the middle of cold Russian Siberia .
When it is - 60 F ( - 50 C ) outside , the car windows never get rid of the ice and snow .
Even when the heater is on to its maximum .
Here you can see the reading of the thermometer : - 49 C ( - 56 C ) .
Russian guys are used to such extreme colds .
They got advised in one of the Siberian cities to install double windows on the cars .
Those double windows help a lot in keeping warm .
They have met wild Siberian horses – pony sized horses living in Siberian woods .
And all the way through Siberia there are remains of Soviet Era artefacts sitting right near with old pagan totems of wild natives .
Here you can see the car before the double windows were installed .
More Soviet artefacts .
And different unidentified objects .
Some guys use more heavy vehicles to travel across Siberia .
More strange buildings .
Before the cell and satelite phones in Russia in Siberia there were such phone booths each 25 km ( 12 miles ) across the Siberia road .
Most of the drivers had a special key to unlock the booth .
Different Siberian monuments .
And Siberian people .
Using special laptops .
And even vodka freezes in Siberia .
gnome - open : Open Anything from the Command Line December 16 , 2006
Posted by Carthik in commands
There is a command called gnome - open which I find very handy .
I thought of sharing it with you , and was searching for documentation on it , and found none , neither on the web using google , nor on the system .
No man page entry , or info entry .
All the more reason I should document what I know about it .
Simply put , the command
gnome - open opens the item specified by the url with the preferred GNOME app for that file / mime - type .
In a sense , this command resembles the universal “ open ” command on Mac OSX .
Read on for examples …
Examples include :
gnome - open google.com
This will open the specified website in your preferred browser
gnome - open mailto:someone@example.com
This will start a new email to the specified address in your preferred mail client
gnome - open .
This will open the current directory you are in , using Nautilus
gnome - open ./ Documents /
This will open the specified directory using Nautilus
gnome - open star.pdf
Will open star.pdf in Evince , or your preferred pdf reader
gnome - open foo.txt
Will open foo. txt in a text editor
This goes on , for all possible mime types .
NYC bans trans fats in restaurants
NEW YORK 
The city 's decision to ban trans fats from restaurant fare may change how food is prepared at eateries — from fast to fine dining — around the nation .
New York became the first U.S. city to remove from menus the artificial , artery - clogging fats used in many fried and processed foods .
ON THE WEB : Read the Board of Health 's statement
The board of health voted unanimously Tuesday to bar the use of trans - fat - laden oils , shortenings and spreads , like margarine , starting July 1 .
Bakeries and restaurants will have an extra year — until July 1 , 2008 — to replace trans fats in baked goods and deep - fried desserts as it may take more time to find substitutes that achieve the same texture , says health commissioner Thomas Frieden .
" We know trans fats increase the chance for heart attack , stroke and death , and they do n't have to be there , " Frieden says .
The rules are " going to make New Yorkers live longer and healthier lives , " he says .
The board also voted to require restaurants that provide calorie information to post it on menus and menu boards , where customers can see it before they order .
" These are two landmark public health policies , " says Margo Wootan of the Center for Science in the Public Interest , a Washington , D.C. - based consumer group .
Cities and states " are going to look at what New York City has done and follow suit , " she says .
Other cities taking a hard look at restaurant foods include Seattle , Philadelphia , Washington and Boston , Wootan says .
The nation 's capital and Philadelphia are considering calorie - listing rules similar to New York 's , she says .
Walter Willett of the Harvard School of Public Health agrees .
" New York is a leader , and many other cities are sure to follow . "
To enforce the ban , with fines starting at $ 200 , inspectors will check ingredients on labels rather than testing food , Frieden says .
Restaurateurs are not happy .
" I expect this opens the door to caffeine , sugar , salt , alcohol , whole milk and any other ingredients these lunatics want to attack , " says Rick Berman of the Center for Consumer Freedom , a group financed by the restaurant and food industry .
Dan Fleshler of the National Restaurant Association says his organization will consider taking the city to court .
But Frieden says , " We 're quite certain we'd be able to withstand any legal challenge . "
Copyright 2007 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
A community that ’s creating a better web
CloudFlare is building a better Internet , and leveraging the power of community to do so .
If any site on their service is attacked , CloudFlare learns from it and immediately protects all other users from similar attacks .
With each new site , CloudFlare is getting stronger .
Testing millions of websites from multiple locations
When CloudFlare started offering Enterprise services , they wanted to leverage the data they collect to help stop attacks across the millions of websites on their network .
Trey Guinn , a Solution Engineer at CloudFlare explains , “ enterprise customers have high expectations , and we want to meet or exceed them .
To do so we need to be proactively aware of problems on our customer ’s websites - before the customer reports an issue ” .
CloudFlare started using Pingdom to monitor key pages across their Enterprise customer ’s websites so they could keep tabs on availability and performance .
And , since .
And , since CloudFlare operates a globally distributed network , it was important for them to be able to test these pages from many different locations .
Trey reports when CloudFlare started using Pingdom they , “ finally had reporting resource that allowed us see how things were working , in which regions , and what kind of performance we were attaining .
And ” ,
Trey adds , “ the service is so easy to use and has excellent graphing ” .
From uptime monitoring to transactions
When CloudFlare decided to try out Pingdom they started small with a free account , and , according to Trey , could “ immediately see the value ” .
Curious about Pingdom ’s potential benefit to CloudFlare , Trey did n’t hesitate to ask for some help .
He said , “ I wanted to get more out of Pingdom ’s service , so I emailed the support team , and they were fantastic .
They were super responsive , answered all of my questions , and taught me enough so that I could move on with my project without any issues ” .
One of Trey ’s projects with Pingdom was to trace transitions for Railgun , one of CloudFlare ’s internet performance solutions .
Railgun is a WAN optimizer between CloudFlare ’s network and the customer ’s origin server .
Trey said : “ we wanted to be able to test content that went over Railgun , as well as content that we were caching ” .
Another requirement for CloudFlare was finding a way to do this type of monitoring from many different locations since CloudFlare 's network is global .
Pingdom helped CloudFlare perform monitoring from multiple geographies , “ we have monitoring services that test from one location , and it would be very easy for us to build our own monitoring service , but to go build a globally distributed monitoring service is a whole other story , Pingdom has been an awesome service for CloudFlare ” concludes Trey Guinn .
Wal - Mart pays itself rent , gets large tax breaks
Michael Roston
Published : Thursday February 1 , 2007 Print This Email This Wal - Mart , the nation 's largest employer and the world 's biggest retailer , is regularly paying itself rent and using the transaction to decrease the taxes it pays to state governments , according to a report in this morning 's Wall Street Journal .
The article by Jesse Drucker shows that Wal - Mart has saved hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes in 25 states , and may not be the only company using the practice .
Drucker shows that state governments are finally getting wise and working to close a complicated tax loophole that the federal government discontinued years ago .
Wal - Mart is using a tax loophole involving " real - estate investment trusts " to call " rent " it pays to itself a tax - deductible business expense , Drucker explains .
A Wal - Mart subsidary will pay rent to a real - estate investment trust , which is owned by another Wal - Mart subsidiary .
The trust hands the rent to the second subsidiary in the form of a dividend , which can not be taxed .
Additionally , Wal - Mart counts the initial rental payment as a business expense , which is deducted from taxes in the state where the store is located .
In one four - year period , Wal - Mart avoided $ 350 million in taxes using this strategy , which was developed by the accounting firm Ernst & Young LLP .
The loophole is getting attention in state governments .
Newly installed New York Governor Elliot Spitzer said he would close the loophole in the hopes of adding $ 83 million to New York 's state budget , and North Carolina is suing Wal - Mart for back taxes .
Smaller companies using the same loophole , like Autozone and Fleet Funding , are also receiving more scrutiny .
The full article can be accessed by subscribers at the Wall Street Journal website .
An excerpt is provided below .
# Wal - Mart could deduct from its state - taxable income the rent paid by Wal - Mart Stores East to the REIT .
The REIT paid the majority of its rental earnings to its 99 % owner , Wal - Mart Property Co. , in the form of dividends .
That company 's base in Delaware gave it another way to avoid liability for state taxes , since some states do require that dividends a REIT pays to its corporate owner be taxed , as the federal government does .
The Delaware subsidiary then paid the money back to Wal - Mart Stores East , the same subsidiary that made the payments to the REIT to begin with .
Those payments to Wal - Mart Stores
East were n't taxed either , because dividends paid to a corporation by a subsidiary normally are n't counted as taxable income for the parent company .
The result of the circuitous transaction : Wal - Mart could effectively turn rental payments to itself into state level tax - deductions in most of the states where the payments have been made .
Under typical circumstances , rent paid to a third - party landlord also would reduce taxable income .
But that would ordinarily be cash out the door , like most other tax - deductible expenses .
Here , the majority of the tax - deductible rental payments came straight back to Wal - Mart .
The national tax savings have been significant .
Over a four - year period , from 1998 to 2001 , Wal - Mart and Sam's Club paid company - controlled REITs a total of $ 7.27 billion that eventually came back to Wal - Mart in states across the country , according to a North Carolina Department of Revenue auditor 's report filed in court by Wal - Mart .
Based on an average state corporate income tax rate of 6.5 % , three accounting experts consulted by The Wall Street Journal estimated the REIT payments led to a state tax savings for Wal - Mart of roughly $ 350 million over just those four years .
SEC filings show the company paid $ 2.18 billion in state taxes during that period .
The loss of federal deductions that bigger state tax payments would have triggered brought the company 's effective tax savings overall down to about $ 230 million .
Wal - Mart declined to comment on the figures .
Last year in Programmers as Human Beings , I mentioned that I was reading Programmers At Work .
It 's a great collection of interviews with famous programmers circa 1986 .
All the interviews are worth reading , but the interview with Bill Gates has one particular answer that cuts to the bone :
Does accumulating experience through the years necessarily make programming easier ?
Bill Gates : No .
I think after the first three or four years , it 's pretty cast in concrete whether you 're a good programmer or not .
After a few more years , you may know more about managing large projects and personalities , but after three or four years , it 's clear what you 're going to be .
There 's no one at Microsoft who was just kind of mediocre for a couple of years , and then just out of the blue started optimizing everything in sight .
I can talk to somebody about a program that he 's written and know right away whether he 's really a good programmer .
We already know there 's a vast divide between those who can program and those who cannot .
But the dirty little secret of the software development industry is that this is also true even for people who can program : there 's a vast divide between good developers and mediocre developers .
A mediocre developer can program his or her heart out for four years , but that wo n't magically transform them into a good developer .
And the good developers always seem to have a natural knack for the stuff from the very beginning .
I agree with Bill .
From what I 've seen , there 's just no crossing the skill chasm as a software developer .
You 've either got it , or you do n't .
No amount of putting your nose to the grindstone will change that .
But if you accept that premise , it also presents us with a paradox : if experience does n't make you a better programmer , what does ?
Are our skill levels written in stone ?
Is it impossible to become a better programmer ?
To answer that question , you have to consider the obsessive nature of programming itself .
Good developers are good at programming .
Really good at programming .
You might even say fanatically good .
If they 're anything like me , they 've spent nearly every waking moment in front of a computer for most of their lives .
And naturally , they get better at it over time .
Competent software developers have already mastered the skill of programming , which puts them in a very select club .
But if you 're already in the 97th percentile for programming aptitude , what difference does a few more percentile points really make in the big scheme of things ?
The older I get , the more I believe that the only way to become a better programmer is by not programming .
You have to come up for air , put down the compiler for a moment , and take stock of what you 're really doing .
Code is important , but it 's a small part of the overall process .
This piece in Design Observer offers a nice bit of related advice :
Over the years , I came to realize that my best work has always involved subjects that interested me , or -- even better -- subjects about which I 've become interested , and even passionate about , through the very process of doing design work .
I believe I 'm still passionate about graphic design .
But the great thing about graphic design is that it is almost always about something else .
Corporate law .
Professional football .
Art. Politics .
Robert Wilson .
And if I can't get excited about whatever that something else is , I really have trouble doing a good work as a designer .
To me , the conclusion is inexcapable : the more things you 're interested in , the better your work will be .
Passion for coding is a wonderful thing .
But it 's all too easy to mindlessly , reflexively entrench yourself deeper and deeper into a skill that you 've already proven yourself more than capable at many times over .
To truly become a better programmer , you have to to cultivate passion for everything else that goes on around the programming .
Bill Gates , in a 2005 interview , follows up in spirit to his 1986 remarks :
The nature of these jobs is not just closing your door and doing coding , and it 's easy to get that fact out .
The greatest missing skill is somebody who 's both good at understanding the engineering and who has good relationships with the hard - core engineers , and bridges that to working with the customers and the marketing and things like that .
And so that sort of engineering management career track , even amongst all the people we have , we still fall short of finding people who want to do that , and so we often have to push people into it .
I 'd love to have people who come to these jobs wanting to think of it as an exercise in people management and people dynamics , as well as the basic engineering skills .
That would be absolutely amazing .
And we can promise those people within two years of starting that career most of what they 're doing wo n't be coding , because there are many career paths , say , within that Microsoft Office group where you 're part of creating this amazing product , you get to see how people use it , you get to then spend two years , build another version , and really change the productivity in this very deep way , take some big bets on what you 're doing and do some things that are just responsive to what that customer wants .
You wo n't -- you cannot -- become a better programmer through sheer force of programming alone .
You can only complement and enhance your existing programming skills by branching out .
Learn about your users .
Learn about the industry .
Learn about your business .
The more things you are interested in , the better your work will be .
War / Photography : An Interview with Simon Norfolk [ Image : Simon Norfolk .
" King Amanullah ’s Victory Arch built to celebrate the 1919 winning of Independence from the British .
Paghman , Kabul Province . "
From Afghanistan : Chronotopia . ]
As photographer
As Norfolk himself writes , in a short but profoundly interesting text called Et in Arcadia Ego : " These photographs form chapters in a larger project attempting to understand how war , and the need to fight war , has formed our world : how so many of the spaces we occupy ; the technologies we use ; and the ways we understand ourselves , are created by military conflict . "
Indeed , he reminds us , " anybody interested in the effects of war quickly becomes an expert in ruins . "
[ Image : Simon Norfolk .
" Rashid Street in Central Baghdad .
The buildng on the right overlooks the bridge and so was heavily damaged in the fighting . " ]
Norfolk 's written work delivers crisp and often stunning insights about urban design and historical landscapes .
Later , in the same essay , he writes :
What these " landscapes " have in common – their fundamental basis in war – is always downplayed in our society .
I was astounded to discover that the long , straight , bustling , commercial road that runs through my neighbourhood of London follows an old Roman road .
In places the Roman stones are still buried beneath the modern tarmac .
Crucially , it needs to be understood that the road system built by the Romans was their highest military technology , their equivalent of the stealth bomber or the Apache helicopter – a technology that allowed a huge empire to be maintained by a relatively small army , that could move quickly and safely along these paved , all - weather roads .
It is extraordinary that London , a city that ought to be shaped by Tudor kings , the British Empire , Victorian engineers and modern international Finance , is a city fundamentally drawn , even to this day , by abandoned Roman military hardware .
I first got in touch with Norfolk after I 'd seen his portraits of supercomputers ( posted here several months ago as
As Norfolk explains : " Although only 64 km square and mostly ash and lava fields , the island is festooned with more than 100 antenna relays .
These are bizarre ; like some kind of aerial spaghetti .
Some are wire versions of the Millennium Dome ; some like large skeletal bomber aircraft raised on tall pylons ; and some are delicate cones and spirals . "
This technologically Dr. Seuss - like landscape , " against a background of lifeless , red , volcanic ash is unearthly – more akin to a base on Mars . "
[ Image : Simon Norfolk .
Ascension Island , South Atlantic .
" On the edge of the Broken Tooth Live Firing Range on the slopes of Sister 's Peak .
Tyre tracks by the RAF .
Distant aerials part of the American - controlled complex along Pyramid Point Road .
In the far distance Cross Hill with another American facility on its peak . " ]
Norfolk and I soon set up an interview , which appears below .
We discuss European Romanticism and the paintings of Claude Lorrain ; the long - term urban effect of WWII bombing raids over Germany ; Joseph Conrad 's Heart of Darkness ; the military origins of grain in black and white film ; genocide ; the invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan ; modern art ; the modeling of nuclear warheads ; and how to survive snipers in a combat zone – including some unexpected fashion tips for other war photographers .
Norfolk is the author of
We spoke via telephone .
• • •
[ Image : Simon Norfolk .
" Bullet - scarred outdoor cinema at the Palace of Culture in the Karte Char district of Kabul . "
From Afghanistan : Chronotopia . ]
BLDGBLOG : Could you start with a brief thematic introduction to your work ?
Simon Norfolk :
All of the work that I ’ve been doing over the last five years is about warfare and the way war makes the world we live in .
War shapes and designs our society .
The landscapes that I look at are created by warfare and conflict .
This is particularly true in Europe .
I went to the city of Cologne , for instance , and the city of Cologne was built by Charlemagne – but Cologne has the shape that it does today because of the abilities and non-abilities of a cannot do is fly deep into Germany in the middle of the day and pinpoint - bomb a ball bearing factory .
What it can do is fly to places that are quite near to England , that are five miles across , on a bend in the river , under moonlight , and then hit them with large amounts of shaped .
So I started off in Afghanistan photographing literal battlefields – but I 'm trying to stretch that idea of what a battlefield is .
Because all the interesting money now – the new money , the exciting stuff – is about entirely new realms of warfare : inside cyberspace , inside parts of the electromagnetic spectrum : eavesdropping , intelligence , satellite warfare , imaging .
This is where all the exciting stuff is going to happen in twenty years ' time .
So I wanted to stretch that idea of what a battleground could be .
What is a landscape – a surface , an environment , a space – created by warfare ?
[ Image : Simon Norfolk .
" Victory arch built by the Northern Alliance at the entrance to a local commander ’s HQ in Bamiyan .
The empty niche housed the smaller of the two Buddhas , destroyed by the Taliban in 2001 . "
From Afghanistan : Chronotopia . ]
BLDGBLOG : And that 's how you started taking pictures of supercomputers ?
Norfolk :
Those supercomputers – big BlueGene , in particular – those are battlegrounds .
BlueGene is designing and thinking about a space that is only about 30 cm across and exists for about a billionth of a second , and that ’s an exploding nuclear warhead .
BlueGene is thinking about and modeling that space very intensely , because what happens there is very complicated .
That computer is as much a battlefield as a place in Afghanistan is , full of bullet holes .
[ Image : Simon Norfolk .
" BlueGene / L , the world 's biggest computer , at Lawrence Livermore Laboratory , California , USA .
It is the size of 132,000 PCs .
It is used to design and maintain America 's nuclear weapons . "
On his website , Norfolk notes that the computer is used for " modeling physics inside an exploding nuclear warhead . " ]
BLDGBLOG :
In the context of those computers , your references to the divine proved quite controversial – in the comments , for instance , at the end of that earlier post on BLDGBLOG where the photographs appeared .
Could you talk more about these overlaps between the military , computer technology , and what you think is " godlike " about the latter ?
Norfolk :
Where weapons and supercomputers fit in for me is in a
People seem to think that I ’m saying oh , they ’re full of gods , or look , this is where god lives ...
But obviously I do n’t think that .
I do n’t think that those computers are somehow unprogrammed by humans , or supernatural .
What I ’m concerned about is that those humans , who have programmed them , are n’t warm and fuzzy professors like The Nutty Professor .
They 're introverted people working in the basements of DynaCorp , and General Dynamics , and Raytheon , and they ’re so far beyond any kind of democratic control that you or I will ever have over what they do .
It ends up being like a relationship with the sublime – a military sublime .
All of the work I 'm doing , I might even call it : " Toward a Military Sublime . "
Because these objects are beyond : they ’re inscrutable , uncontrollable , beyond democracy .
[ Images : Simon Norfolk .
Top : The Mare Nostrum , housed in a deconsecrated church in the Barcelona Supercomputer Centre , Spain .
Middle : " Commissariat à l'énergie atomique , Bruyers - le - Chalet , near Paris .
CEA designs and maintains France 's nuclear weapons .
Installation of the new Tera10 supercomputer .
The red poles are to prevent any accidents by falling down the open holes during installation . "
Bottom : CEA .
" A ' cold aisle ' between two rows of TERA - 1 racks . " ]
BLDGBLOG : One of your photographs from Ascension Island shows a perfectly white - washed church – but , in the background , you see a military radar installation .
There ’s a fantastic overlap there between the theological lines of communication represented by the church , and the military / electromagnetic lines of communication represented by the radar .
Both are immaterial , but both appear in the photograph .
Norfolk : [ laughs ]
I 've just been in the Outer Hebrides , off the coast of Scotland , where they have one of the biggest missile testing ranges in the world .
It 's mainly a radar site – to follow the missiles down - range , when they fire missiles into the north Atlantic – but there 's other stuff out there , too : there 's submarine surveillance stuff and ocean surveillance stuff , and it 's all on top of this mountain range .
But at the foot of the mountain there 's also a statue of the Madonna .
It ’s called The Madonna of the Isles – but the local people call it Where God Meets Radar .
[ laughter ]
It 's a bugger , though , because the way the mountain curves , you can't actually get a picture of both of them at the same time .
There 's no place you can actually get both things in the same frame .
But when you visit , it 's just extraordinary : she 's a statue about 25 ' high , with a child in her arms , made out of white marble , and on the hill about 100 ' above are these huge white radomes , with these silently circling radar dishes .
[ Image : Simon Norfolk .
Ascension Island , South Atlantic .
" The Church Of St Mary in Georgetown with Cross Hill in the background with an American radar facility on its summit . " ]
BLDGBLOG : Your photos are usually unpopulated .
Is that a conscious artistic choice , or do you just happen to be photographing these places when there 's no one around ?
Norfolk :
Well , part of this interest of mine in the sublime means that a lot of the artistic ideas that I 'm drawing on partly come out of the photography of ruins .
When I was in Afghanistan photographing these places – photographing these ruins – I started looking at some of the very earliest photojournalists , and they were ruin photographers : are dead bodies , but that ’s very controversial – the corpses were arranged , etc .
But a lot of those photographers were , in turn , drawing upon ideas from 17th century and 18th century French landscape painting – European landscape painting .
So all the empires they could see being built in their own lifetimes – the British empire , the French empire , the Dutch empire – they were saying : look , all of this is crap .
None of this is really permanent : all of these things rise and fall .
All empires rise and fall and , in the long run , all of this is bullshit .
I wanted to try to copy some motifs from those paintings – in particular , that amazing golden light that someone like Claude Lorraine always used .
Even when he does a painting called
[ Image : Simon Norfolk .
Ascension Island , South Atlantic .
" The BBC World Service Atlantic Relay Station at English Bay . " ]
BLDGBLOG : So of course no one 's around !
Norfolk :
It is partly because of that that people are n't there – but it 's also ... for me , I think people kind of gobble up the photograph .
They become what the photograph is .
For me , people just are n't that important ; it 's about this panoptic process , it 's about this kind of eavesdropping , it 's about this ability to look into every aspect of our lives .
And I think if you put people into these pictures , I do n't know – it would draw viewers away .
It would draw viewers into the story of the people .
It 's not about , you know , Bob who runs the radar dome ; it 's about this thing that looks inside your email program , and listens to this phone call , and listens to every phone call in the world in every language , and washes it through computer programs .
And if you say plutonium nerve gas bomb to me over the telephone , in an instant this computer is looking at what web pages you 've been to recently , it 's looking at my credit card bills , it 's looking at your health records , it 's looking at the books I check out of the library .
That 's what frightens me – it's not about : here 's Dave , he works on the computer systems for Raytheon ...
So I 've always tried to pull people out of the pictures – and , if they 're in my pictures , it 's usually because they represent an idea , really .
I think if you 're going to talk about Dave , or Bob , or Wendy , you have to do it properly .
You either do it properly or you do n't do it at all .
[ Image : Simon Norfolk .
Ascension Island , South Atlantic .
" The BBC World Service Atlantic Relay Station at English Bay . " ]
BLDGBLOG : How did you get to Ascension Island in the first place ?
Can anyone just buy a ticket ticket and go there ?
Norfolk :
You have to fill in a permission form – but , yeah , you can buy a ticket .
A lot of birdwatchers go down to the Falklands , and airplanes have to refuel at Ascension Island .
It 's expensive , but you can do it .
You also have to fill in a form which they go through , and it says what you 're up to and all the rest of it .
So I 'd filled in the form , and I 'd said I was a photographer – but I got there and no one had read the forms !
On my last day on the island , I phoned up and said : I 'm a photojournalist , and I 've been on the island for two weeks , and can I talk to someone up there ...?
And they fucking crapped themselves .
They said how did you get here ?
Did n't you fill out the forms ?
And I said yeah , did n't you read the forms ?
And they said , well – actually , nobody reads the forms .
[ laughter ]
BLDGBLOG : So much for international surveillance .
Norfolk :
They also did n't pick up any emails that said I was going to Ascension Island .
BLDGBLOG : Or any phonecalls you made while staying there .
Norfolk :
It 's run by clowns , of course .
[ Image : Simon Norfolk .
Ascension Island , South Atlantic .
" Looking towards the cinder cone of Sister 's Peak from English Bay Road .
On the edge of the Broken Tooth Live Firing Range . " ]
BLDGBLOG :
It often seems like the most interesting thing about these places is what can not be photographed .
Norfolk : Absolutely – absolutely .
That 's why , whenever you see warfare now , it 's photographed in that same dreary , clichéd way : it 's metal boxes rolling across the desert .
Every time you switch on CNN , or buy a newspaper , you see guys in metal boxes – because that looks good .
These photojournalists , and these TV crews , they do n’t explain the process : they show things that look good on TV .
A satellite orbiting in space does n't look good .
A submarine – you know , the greatest platform we 've ever built for launching nuclear weapons and for surveillance – that has no presence whatsoever in how most people understand what the military does today .
The same is true of electromagnetic stuff – information warfare , cyber - warfare – and I wonder what photojournalists of the future are going to photograph ?
Are they still going to photograph guys with guns , shooting at each other ?
Because quite soon there are n't going to be guys with guns shooting at each other .
We 're quite soon getting to the era of
[ Images : Simon Norfolk .
" The supercomputer at the Wellcome Trust 's Sangar Institute , Cambridge , UK . " ]
BLDGBLOG : Except for empty rooms and computer systems .
Norfolk : Exactly .
Look at the way the war in Afghanistan was photographed : what you got was a guy on a ridge in a turban watching a very , very far away explosion .
That was war photography !
That was the way the Afghan war was covered .
What worries me is that , if these wars become invisible , then they will cease to exist in the popular imagination .
I 'm very worried that , because these things become invisible , they just – people do n’t seem to be fucking bothered .
But , you know , would n't it be amazing to have a series of portraits printed of missile systems , but you photographed them the way you 'd photograph a BMW ?
[ laughter ]
You get them straight off the production line in the factory , and then you polish them , and you wax them – so they ’re just beautiful – and then you light them the way you would an Audi TT , with a black background , and you shoot them on a big camera .
Just gorgeous – sculptural .
Then the caption says , you know : Predator Drone .
Hellfire Missile .
Nuclear Warhead .
BLDGBLOG : It 's interesting that , on your website , it says you gave up photojournalism to move into landscape photography – yet that seems to have coincided with a more explicit politicization of your work .
Norfolk : Yeah , absolutely .
BLDGBLOG : So your projects are even more political now – yet they ’re intended as landscape photography ?
Norfolk : I mean , I did n't get fed up with the subjects of photojournalism – I got fed up with the clichés of photojournalism , with its inability to talk about anything complicated .
Photojournalism is a great tool for telling very simple stories :
Here 's a good guy .
Here 's a bad guy .
It 's awful .
But the stuff I was dealing with was getting more and more complicated – it felt like I was trying to play Rachmaninoff in boxing gloves .
Incidentally , it 's also a tool that was invented in the 1940s – black and white film , the Leica , the 35 mm lens , with a 1940s narrative .
So , if I 'm trying to do photojournalism , I 'm meant to use a tool that was invented by
I needed to find a more complicated way to draw people in .
I 'm not down on photojournalism – it does what it does very well – but its job is to offer all its information instantly and immediately .
I thought the fact that this place in Afghanistan – this ruin – actually looks a little like Stonehenge : that interested me .
I wanted to highlight that .
I want you to be drawn to that .
I want you to stay in my sphere of influence for slightly longer , so that you can think about these things .
And taking pictures in 35 mm does n't do it .
So the content of photojournalism interests me enormously , it 's just the tools that I had to work with I thought were terrible .
I had to find a different syntax to negotiate those things .
BLDGBLOG : Ironically , though , your photos have n't really been accepted by the art world yet – because of your subject matter .
Norfolk :
Well , I cannot fucking believe that I go into an art gallery and people want to piss their lives away not talking about what ’s going on in the world .
Have they not switched on their TV and seen what 's going on out there ?
They have nothing to say about that ?
They 'd rather look at pictures of their girlfriend 's bottom , or at their top ten favorite arseholes ?
Switch on the telly and see what 's going on in our world – particularly these last five years .
If you 've got nothing to say about that , then I wonder what the fucking hell you 're doing .
The idea of producing work which is only of interest to a couple of thousand people who have got art history degrees ...
The point of the world is to change it , and you can't change it if you 're just talking about Roland Barthes or structuralist - semiotic gobbledygook that only a few thousand people can understand , let alone argue about .
That 's not why I take these photographs .
[ Images : Simon Norfolk .
Top : " Wrecked Ariana Afghan Airlines jets at Kabul Airport pushed into a mined area at the edge of the apron , " from Afghanistan : Chronotopia .
Bottom : " The illegal Jewish settlement of Gilo , a suburb of Jerusalem .
To deter snipers from the adjacent Palestinian village of Beit Jala ( seen in the distance ) a wall has been erected .
To brighten the view on the Israeli side , it has been painted with the view as it would be if there were no Palestinians and no Beit Jala . " ]
BLDGBLOG : Clearly you 're not taking these pictures – of military supercomputers and remote island surveillance systems – as a way to celebrate the future of warfare ?
Norfolk : No , no .
No .
BLDGBLOG : But what , then , is your relationship to what you describe , in one of your texts , as the Romantic , 18th - century nationalistic use of images , where ruined castles and army forts and so on were actually meant as a kind of homage to imperial valor ?
Are you taking pictures of military sites as a kind of ironic comment on nationalistic celebrations of global power ?
Norfolk :
No , I do n't think it 's ironic .
I think what I 'm in favor of is clarity .
What annoys me about those artists is that there were things they actually stood for , but what seems to have happened is their ideas have been laundered .
They 've been infantilized .
I do n't mind what the guy stands for – I just want to know what the guy stands for .
I do n’t want some low - fat version of his politics .
And unless you can really understand what the fellow stood for , how can you comprehend what his ideas were about ?
How can you judge whether his paintings were good paintings or rubbish paintings ?
The thing that pisses me off about so much modern art is that it carries no politics – it has nothing that it wants to say about the world .
Without that passion , that political drive , to a piece of work – and I mean politics here very broadly – how can you ever really evaluate it ?
At the end of the day , I do n't think my politics are very popular right now , but what I would like to hear is what are your politics ?
Because if you 're not going to tell me , how can we ever possibly have an argument about whether you 're a clever person , your work is great , your work is crap , your art is profound , your art is trivial ...?
For instance , I 'm doing a lot of work these days on
[ Image : Simon Norfolk .
Staircase at Auschwitz , with worn footsteps . ]
BLDGBLOG : How does working outside of photojournalism , and even outside the art world , affect the actual practicality of getting into these places – photographing war zones and ruins and so on ?
You were n’t an embedded photographer in Iraq ?
Norfolk : No , no .
I was just kind of winging it .
You know , the camera I use is made of wood – it's a 4x5 field camera , made of mahogany and brass – and it looks like an antique .
Part of what I do is I make sure I do n't look very serious – it's best to look like a harmless dickhead , really , so no one bothers you .
You look like a nutter .
And , to be honest , I play that up : I 've got the bald head , and the Hawaiian shirt , and , to look at the image on the back of the camera , you have to put a blanket over your head and go in there with a magnifying glass , and it ’s always on a tripod .
So I have two choices : I can either do these images from a speeding car , or I can stand there with a blanket over my head , and look like such a prick that somebody 's going to find me through their rifle scope and think :
Oh !
What 's that ?
Let 's go down and have a look ...
I ca n’t believe that photographers go into war zones dressed like soldiers !
Soldiers are the people they shoot at .
If I could wear a clown suit I would do it – if I could wear the big shoes and everything .
I would wear the whole fucking thing .
I think there 's a lot to be said for that , actually , because I can either scrape in there on my belly , wearing camo , and sneak around ; or I can stand right there in front , wearing a shirt that says , you know , Do n't shoot me .
I ’m a dick .
[ Image : Simon Norfolk .
" Storage depot for the oil - fired power station at Jiyé / Jiyeh bombed in the first few days of the [ Israel - Hezbollah ] war and still on fire and still dumping oil into the sea 20 days later .
Seen from the Sands Rock Resort , 1 Aug 2006 . " ]
BLDGBLOG : Of course , you read how more journalists , photographers , and television reporters have been killed , or taken hostage , in Iraq over the last two years alone than were killed during the entirety of the Vietnam War – but , of course , this is the war where they ’ve been embedded .
They ’re all –
Norfolk :
The way the embeddeds are dressed !
BLDGBLOG : They ’re dressed like combatants .
Norfolk :
What are you thinking , going around in brown trousers and stuff ?
I do n't want to say that the people are to blame for what happened to them – but I would not do that .
I just would not do that .
You know those orange vests that guys working on the roads wear ?
I 've had those made with the word Artist on the back .
[ laughs ]
BLDGBLOG : You ’ll probably get shot by a soldier now .
Norfolk : [ laughs ]
So the practicalities – I mean , you still have to be able to shift like a journalist does .
You have to find out where things are , what 's going on – and you still have to get there .
[ Image : Simon Norfolk .
" A controlled explosion of an American fuel convoy in Iraq being filmed on the set of Over There , a Fox TV production about the life of a US Army platoon in contemporary Iraq .
Being filmed in Chatsworth , just north of Los Angeles , Sept 2005 . " ]
BLDGBLOG : In your photos of movie sets , where a war scene is being filmed , it 's very clear that we 're looking at a staged event .
It does n't look anything like real warfare .
But have you ever found that the situation is reversed – where you 're shooting a real war scene , in Baghdad , say , but all the reporters from CNN and the BBC make it look like some kind of TV set ?
Norfolk : Oh , yeah , yeah – on the roof of the Palestine Hotel .
You 're up on the big , flat roof of the hotel , and you 're looking down on this ballroom , and the streets of Baghdad are below that .
The reporters were all camped out on the roof of this ballroom – with little tents and little pergolas with lights and generators and stuff – and you could see where it was evening in the world because you could see whose TV crews were up and working .
You could see all the Europeans were out – oh , it must be 6 o'clock in Europe .
Oh , it must be 7 o'clock now in the U.S. , because all the Americans are out .
Then the Japanese come out later on , and they do it all at 3 o'clock in the morning because that 's 5 o'clock in Japan , or whatever .
They 're all sharing gear and generators and stuff , and using the same background – but they 're acting like they 're on their own , out on the frontline .
Standing right next to each other .
Quite bizarre .
It was like some kind of casting for a new film .
There are these weird layers .
When I photographed the Iraq movie , it was done , interestingly , in the same place where they made the M*A * S*H TV series – which is why it looks like M*A*S * H
The same landscape that could be M* A * S * H could also be North Korea – and it could also be Iraq .
What else could it be ?
Greenland ? [ laughs ]
So there are these weird layers of history – and weird layers of non-history , as well .
These juxtapositions of time kind of crashing into each other .
The first book I did , the Afghanistan book , I called it chronos is time , and topos is place – is any place where these layers of time fit upon each other .
Either satisfactorily or uncomfortably – it fascinates me .
Especially coming from Europe .
In northern France , there are places where the English fought the French in 1347 – and it's the same place we fought the Germans in 1914 , and it's the same place where the Americans rolled through in 1944 .
Their battle cemeteries are within a hundred yards of each other .
These places have thicknesses , military thicknesses –
BLDGBLOG : It 's like the Roman roads in London , that you describe in your writings : they 're actually a military transport system , still there beneath modern streets .
London is a military landscape .
Norfolk : Absolutely : it 's military technology left lying around .
This stuff comes down to us .
You know , the reason I can take night shot photographs is not because Mr. Kodak wanted me to take these photographs , but because he needed to design a certain kind of film that could go into a
[ Image : Simon Norfolk .
From " Hotel Africa . " ]
BLDGBLOG : Your " Hotel Africa " series reminds me a bit of some J.G. Ballard stories – overgrown air conditioning systems , tent cities , native warfare , and so on – and you mention Shelley and Byron in some of your texts ; so I 'm curious if there are any intentional literary references in your work ?
Or is there a particular book or a particular writer who has influenced you ?
Norfolk : Unfortunately , this is the biggest cliché of Africa , but the first book I wrote was pretty much based on Joseph Conrad 's curve , I think .
What fascinates me about Conrad 's book is that it starts in the real world , this world that we understand – they 're in a boat in the Thames estuary – and he says , This , too , was one of the dark places of the earth ...
And what he 's talking about are these chronotopes , these layered histories .
Then he says , I ’ll tell you a story about the Congo , and so he goes to Belgium , and then he goes to Africa , and then he starts going up the river .
So little by little you move away from these certainties ; you move toward instabilities around the narrator as he talks .
As he moves up the river , everything becomes harder to grasp .
So the idea of that curve – I took that from Conrad .
When I did
That was also something that I took from Conrad .
[ Image : Simon Norfolk .
" Tailings pond of the Petkovici Dam .
A mass grave was discovered dug into the earth of the dam and bodies were also thrown into the lake . "
From Bleed . ]
• • •
will speak at the
Meanwhile , there are many , many more photographs available on
Finally , a huge thank you to Simon Norfolk for his humor and patience during the long process of assembling this interview .
As photographer Simon Norfolk claims in the following interview , his work documents an international " military sublime . "
His photos reveal half - collapsed buildings , destroyed cinemas , and unpopulated urban ruins in diagonal shafts of morning sunlight – from Iraq to Rwanda , Bosnia to Afghanistan – before venturing further afield into more distant , and surprising , landscapes of modern warfare .
These include the sterile , climate - controlled rooms of military command centers , and the gargantuan supercomputers that design and simulate nuclear warheads .
As Norfolk himself writes , in a short but profoundly interesting text called : " These photographs form chapters in a larger project attempting to understand how war , and the need to fight war , has formed our world : how so many of the spaces we occupy ; the technologies we use ; and the ways we understand ourselves , are created by military conflict .
" Indeed , he reminds us , " anybody interested in the effects of war quickly becomes an expert in ruins .
" Norfolk 's written work delivers crisp and often stunning insights about urban design and historical landscapes .
Later , in the same essay , he writes : I first got in touch with Norfolk after I 'd seen his portraits of supercomputers ( posted here several months ago as Rooms of algebraic theology ) .
I was particularly impressed , however , by his photographs of Ascension Island , a joint US / UK surveillance outpost in the south Atlantic .
As Norfolk explains : " Although only 64 km square and mostly ash and lava fields , the island is festooned with more than 100 antenna relays .
These are bizarre ; like some kind of aerial spaghetti .
Some are wire versions of the Millennium Dome ; some like large skeletal bomber aircraft raised on tall pylons ; and some are delicate cones and spirals . "
This technologically Dr. Seuss - like landscape , " against a background of lifeless , red , volcanic ash is unearthly – more akin to a base on Mars .
" Norfolk and I soon set up an interview , which appears below .
We discuss European Romanticism and the paintings of Claude Lorrain ; the long - term urban effect of WWII bombing raids over Germany ; Joseph Conrad 's ; the military origins of grain in black and white film ; genocide ; the invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan ; modern art ; the modeling of nuclear warheads ; and how to survive snipers in a combat zone – including some unexpected fashion tips for other war photographers .
Norfolk is the author of For most of it I have no words ( with Michael Ignatieff ) , Bleed , and Afghanistan : Chronotopia
We spoke via telephone . :
All of the work that I ’ve been doing over the last five years is about warfare and the way war makes the world we live in .
War shapes and designs our society .
The landscapes that I look at are created by warfare and conflict .
This is particularly true in Europe .
I went to the city of Cologne , for instance , and the city of Cologne was built by Charlemagne – but Cologne has the shape that it does today because of the abilities and non-abilities of a Lancaster Bomber .
It comes from what a Lancaster can do and what a Lancaster can't do .
What itdo is fly deep into Germany in the middle of the day and pinpoint - bomb a ball bearing factory .
What itdo is fly to places that are quite near to England , that are five miles across , on a bend in the river , under moonlight , and then hit them with large amounts of H.E. .
And if you do that , you end up with a city that looks like Cologne – the way the city '
sSo I started off in Afghanistan photographing literal battlefields – but I 'm trying to stretch that idea of what a battlefield .
Because all the interesting money now – the new money , thestuff – is about entirely new realms of warfare : inside cyberspace , inside parts of the electromagnetic spectrum : eavesdropping , intelligence , satellite warfare , imaging .
This is where all the exciting stuff is going to happen in twenty years ' time .
So I wanted to stretch that idea of what a battleground could be .
What is a landscape – a surface , an environment , a space – created by warfare ? :
Those supercomputers – big BlueGene , in particular – those are battlegrounds .
BlueGene is designing and thinking about a space that is only about 30 cm across and exists for about a billionth of a second , and that ’s an exploding nuclear warhead .
BlueGene is thinking about and modeling that space very intensely , because what happens there is very complicated .
That computer is as much a battlefield as a place in Afghanistan is , full of bullet holes . :
Where weapons and supercomputers fit in for me is in a military - industrial complex .
The problem is that that complex has drifted off so far above any idea of democratic control – even Eisenhower pointed this out – that I would call it godlike .
It 's beyond irrational , it ’s beyond any kind of comprehension in a scientific sense .
It 's designing nuclear weapons that can destroy the world more efficiently – when we already have nuclear weapons that can destroy the world many times over .
People seem to think that I ’m saying , or ...
But obviously I do n’t think that .
I do n’t think that those computers are somehow unprogrammed by humans , or supernatural .
What I ’m concerned about is that those humans , who have programmed them , are n’t warm and fuzzy professors like .
They 're introverted people working in the basements of DynaCorp , and General Dynamics , and Raytheon , and they ’re so far beyond any kind of democratic control that you or I will ever have over what they do .
It ends up being like a relationship with the sublime – asublime .
All of the work I 'm doing , I might even call it : " Toward a Military Sublime . "
Because these objects are : they ’re inscrutable , uncontrollable , beyond democracy . : []
I 've just been in the Outer Hebrides , off the coast of Scotland , where they have one of the biggest missile testing ranges in the world .
It 's mainly a radar site – to follow the missiles down - range , when they fire missiles into the north Atlantic – but there 's other stuff out there , too : there 's submarine surveillance stuff and ocean surveillance stuff , and it 's all on top of this mountain range .
But at the foot of the mountain there 's also a statue of the Madonna .
It ’s called – but the local people call it It's a bugger , though , because the way the mountain curves , you can't actually get a picture of both of them at the same time .
There 's no place you can actually get both things in the same frame .
But when you visit , it 's just extraordinary : she 's a statue about 25 ' high , with a child in her arms , made out of white marble , and on the hill about 100 ' above are these huge white radomes , with these silently circling radar dishes . :
Well , part of this interest of mine in the sublime means that a lot of the artistic ideas that I 'm drawing on partly come out of the photography of ruins .
When I was in Afghanistan photographing these places – photographing these ruins – I started looking at some of the very earliest photojournalists , and they werephotographers : Matthew Brady 's pictures of battlefields at Gettysburg , or Roger Fenton 's pictures from the Crimea .
And there are no dead bodies .
Well , theredead bodies , but that ’s very controversial – the corpses were arranged , etc .
But a lot of those photographers were , in turn , drawing upon ideas from 17th century and 18th century French landscape painting – European landscape painting .
Claude Lorraine Nicolas Poussin .
Ruins have a very particular meaning in those pictures .
They 're about the folly of human existence ; they 're about the foolishness of empire .
Those ruins of Claude Lorraine : it 's a collapsed Roman temple , and what he 's saying is that the greatest empires that were ever built – the empire of Rome , the Catholic church – these things have fallen down to earth .
They all fall into ivy eventually .
So all the empires they could see being built in their own lifetimes – the British empire , the French empire , the Dutch empire – they were saying : look , all of this is crap .
None of this is really permanent : all of these things rise and fall .
All empires rise and fall and , in the long run , all of this is bullshit .
I wanted to try to copy some motifs from those paintings – in particular , that amazing golden light that someone like Claude Lorraine always used .
Even when he does a painting called Midday , it 's bathed in this beautiful , golden light .
To do that as a photographer , I can't invent it like a painter can ; I have to take the photographs very early in the morning .
So they 're all shot at 4 am . :
It is partly because of that that people are n't there – but it 's also ... for me , I think people kind of gobble up the photograph .
They become what the photograph .
For me , people just are n't that important ; it 's about this panoptic process , it 's about this kind of eavesdropping , it 's about this ability to look into every aspect of our lives .
And I think if you put people into these pictures , I do n't know – it would draw viewers away .
It would draw viewers into the story .
It 's not about , you know , Bob who runs the radar dome ; it 's about this thing that looks inside your email program , and listens to this phone call , and listens to every phone call in the world , and washes it through computer programs .
And if you sayto me over the telephone , in an instant this computer is looking at what web pages you 've been to recently , it 's looking at my credit card bills , it 's looking at your health records , it 's looking at the books I check out of the library .
what frightens me – it's not about : ... So I 've always tried to pull people out of the pictures – and , if they 're in my pictures , it 's usually because they represent an idea , really .
I think if you 're going to talk about Dave , or Bob , or Wendy , you have to do it properly .
You either do it properly or you do n't do it at all . :
You have to fill in a permission form – but , yeah , you can buy a ticket .
A lot of birdwatchers go down to the Falklands , and airplanes have to refuel at Ascension Island .
It 's expensive , but you can do it .
You also have to fill in a form which they go through , and it says what you 're up to and all the rest of it .
So I 'd filled in the form , and I 'd said I was a photographer – but I got there and no one had read the forms !
On my last day on the island , I phoned up and said : I 'm a photojournalist , and I 've been on the island for two weeks , and can I talk to someone up there ...?
And they fucking crapped themselves .
They saidAnd I said yeah , did n't you the forms ?
And they said , well – actually , nobody reads the forms . :
They also did n't pick up any emails that said I was going to Ascension Island . :
It 's run by clowns , of course .
cannot : Absolutely – absolutely .
That 's why , whenever you see warfare now , it 's photographed in that same dreary , clichéd way : it 's metal boxes rolling across the desert .
Every time you switch on CNN , or buy a newspaper , you see guys in metal boxes – because that looks good .
These photojournalists , and these TV crews , they do n’t explain the process : they show things that look good on TV .
A satellite orbiting in space does n't look good .
A submarine – you know , the greatest platform we 've ever built for launching nuclear weapons and for surveillance – that has no presence whatsoever in how most people understand what the military does today .
The same is true of electromagnetic stuff – information warfare , cyber - warfare – and I wonder what photojournalists of the future are going to photograph ?
Are they still going to photograph guys with guns , shooting at each other ?
Because quite soon there are n't going toguys with guns shooting at each other .
We 're quite soon getting to the era of UAVs and stuff .
People are n't even going to know what shot them – and there will be nothing to photograph . : Exactly .
Look at the way the war in Afghanistan was photographed : what you got was a guy on a ridge in a turban watching a very , very far away explosion .
That was war photography !
That was the way the Afghan war was covered .
What worries me is that , if these wars become invisible , then they will cease to exist in the popular imagination .
I 'm very worried that , because these things become invisible , they just – people do n’t seem to be fucking bothered .
But , you know , would n't it be amazing to have a series of portraits printed of missile systems , but you photographed them the way you 'd photograph a BMW ?
You get them straight off the production line in the factory , and then you polish them , and you wax them – so they ’re just beautiful – and then you light them the way you would an Audi TT , with a black background , and you shoot them on a big camera .
Just gorgeous – sculptural .
Then the caption says , you know : : Yeah , absolutely .
landscape : I mean , I did n't get fed up with theof photojournalism – I got fed up with theof photojournalism , with its inability to talk about anything complicated .
Photojournalism is a great tool for telling very simple stories :
But the stuff I was dealing with was getting more and more complicated – it felt like I was trying to play Rachmaninoff in boxing gloves .
Incidentally , it 's also a tool that was invented in the 1940s – black and white film , the Leica , the 35 mm lens , with a 1940s narrative .
So , if I 'm trying to do photojournalism , I 'm meant to use a tool that was invented by Robert Capa I needed to find a more complicated way to draw people in .
I 'm not down on photojournalism – it does what it does very well – but its job is to offer all its information instantly and immediately .
I thought the fact that this place in Afghanistan – this ruin – actually looks a little like Stonehenge : that interested me .
I wanted to highlight that .
I want you to be drawn to that .
I want you to stay in my sphere of influence for slightly longer , so that you can think about these things .
And taking pictures in 35 mm does n't do it .
So the content of photojournalism interests me enormously , it 's just the tools that I had to work with I thought were terrible .
I had to find a different syntax to negotiate those things . :
Well , I cannot fucking believe that I go into an art gallery and people want to piss their lives away not talking about what ’s going on in the world .
Have they not switched on their TV and seen what 's going on out there ?
They have nothing to say about that ?
They 'd rather look at pictures of their girlfriend 's bottom , or at their top ten favorite arseholes ?
Switch on the telly and see what 's going on in our world – particularly these last five years .
If you 've got nothing to say about that , then I wonder what the fucking hell you 're doing .
The idea of producing work which is only of interest to a couple of thousand people who have got art history degrees ...
The point of the world is to change it , and you can't change it if you 're just talking about Roland Barthes or structuralist - semiotic gobbledygook that only a few thousand people can understand , let alone argue about .
That 's not why I take these photographs . :
No , no .
No. :
No , I do n't think it 's ironic .
I think what I 'm in favor of is .
What annoys me about those artists is that there were things they actuallyfor , but what seems to have happened is their ideas have been laundered .
They 've been infantilized .
I do n't mind what the guy stands for – I just wantwhat the guy stands for .
I do n’t want some low - fat version of his politics .
And unless you can really understand what the fellow stood for , how can you comprehend what his ideas were about ?
How can you judge whether his paintings were good paintings or rubbish paintings ?
The thing that pisses me off about so much modern art is that it carries no politics – it has nothing that it wants to say about the world .
Without that passion , that political drive , to a piece of work – and I meanhere very broadly – how can you ever really evaluate it ?
At the end of the day , I do n't think my politics are very popular right now , but what I would like to hear is whatyour politics ?
Because if you 're not going to tell me , how can we ever possibly have an argument about whether you 're a clever person , your work is great , your work is crap , your art is profound , your art is trivial ...?
For instance , I 'm doing a lot of work these days on Paul Strand – and Paul Strand is a much more interesting photographer than most people think he is .
The keepers of the flame , the big organizations that hold the platinum - plating prints and his photogravures , or whatever – these big museums , particularly in America , that have large collections – they do n't want the world to know that Strand was a major Marxist , his entire life .
He was a massive Stalinist .
That just dirties the waters in terms of knowing who Strand was .
So Strand has become this rather meaningless pictorialist now .
You look at any description of Strand 's work , and he was just a guy who photographed fence posts and little wooden huts in rural parts of the world .
If you do n't understand his politics , how can you make any sense of what he was trying to do , or what he photographed ?
These people have completely laundered his reputation – completely deracinated the man . :
No , no .
I was just kind of winging it .
You know , the camera I use is made of wood – it's a 4x5 field camera , made of mahogany and brass – and it looks like an antique .
Part of what I do is I make sure I do n't look very serious – it's best to look like a harmless dickhead , really , so no one bothers you .
You look like a nutter .
And , to be honest , I play that up : I 've got the bald head , and the Hawaiian shirt , and , to look at the image on the back of the camera , you have to put a blanket over your head and go in there with a magnifying glass , and it ’s always on a tripod .
So I have two choices : I can either do these images from a speeding car , or I can stand there with a blanket over my head , and look like such a prick that somebody 's going to find me through their rifle scope and think : ...
I can ’ tthat photographers go into war zones dressed like soldiers !
Soldiers are the people they shoot .
If I could wear a clown suit I would do it – if I could wear the big shoes and everything .
I would wear the whole fucking thing .
I think there 's a lot to be said for that , actually , because I can either scrape in there on my belly , wearing camo , and sneak around ; or I can stand right there in front , wearing a shirt that says , you know , : The way the embeddeds are dressed ! :
What are you thinking , going around in brown trousers and stuff ?
I do n't want to say that the people are to blame for what happened to them – but Ido that .
I just would not do that .
You know those orange vests that guys working on the roads wear ?
I 've had those made with the wordon the back . [ : [ ]
So the practicalities – I mean , you still have to be able to shift like a journalist does .
You have to find out where things are , what 's going on – and you still have to get there . :
Oh , yeah , yeah – on the roof of the Palestine Hotel .
You 're up on the big , flat roof of the hotel , and you 're looking down on this ballroom , and the streets of Baghdad are below that .
The reporters were all camped out on the roof of this ballroom – with little tents and little pergolas with lights and generators and stuff – and you could see where it was evening in the world because you could see whose TV crews were up and working .
You could see all the Europeans were out – oh , it must be 6 o'clock in Europe .
Oh , it must be 7 o'clock now in the U.S. , because all the Americans are out .
Then the Japanese come out later on , and they do it all at 3 o'clock in the morning because that 's 5 o'clock in Japan , or whatever .
They 're all sharing gear and generators and stuff , and using the same background – but they 're acting like they 're on their own , out on the frontline .
Standing right next to each other .
Quite bizarre .
It was like some kind of casting for a new film .
There are these weird layers .
When I photographed the Iraq movie , it was done , interestingly , in the same place where they made theTV series – which is why itlike
The same landscape that could becould also be North Korea – and it could also be Iraq .
What else could it be ?
Greenland ? []
So there are these weird layers of history – and weird layers of - history , as well .
These juxtapositions of time kind of crashing into each other .
The first book I did , the Afghanistan book , I called it Chronotopia , and that 's a term taken from Mikhail Bakhtin .
The idea of the chronotope –is time , andis place – is any place where these layers of time fit upon each other .
Either satisfactorily or uncomfortably – it fascinates me .
Especially coming from Europe .
In northern France , there are places where the English fought the French in 1347 – and it's the same place we fought the Germans in 1914 , and it's the same place where the Americans rolled through in 1944 .
Their battle cemeteries are within a hundred yards of each other .
These places have thicknesses , military thicknesses – : Absolutely : it 's military technology left lying around .
This stuff comes down to us .
You know , the reason I can take night shot photographs is not because Mr. Kodak wanted me to take these photographs , but because he needed to design a certain kind of film that could go into a Mosquito bomber and take reconnaissance photographs during the Second World War .
That 's really when all the advances in film were made – in grain - structure – and it was for aerial reconnaissance . :
Unfortunately , this is the biggest cliché of Africa , but the first book I wrote was pretty much based on Joseph Conrad 's Heart of Darkness .
Not because it features pictures of Africa , but because it has a , I think .
What fascinates me about Conrad 's book is that it starts in the real world , this world that we understand – they 're in a boat in the Thames estuary – and he says , ...
And what he 's talking about are these chronotopes , these layered histories .
Then he says , , and so he goes to Belgium , and then he goes to Africa , and then he starts going up the river .
So little by little you move away from these certainties ; you move toward instabilities around the narrator as he talks .
As he moves up the river , everything becomes harder to grasp .
So the idea of that – I took that from Conrad .
When I did the first book , it started out with these photojournalistic pictures of genocide in Rwanda – it was about six months after the genocide , and there were 2000 bodies in one church alone .
Then I went back in history , looking at other genocides that had taken place : at Auschwitz , where there 's bits of evidence lying around , and then back to Namibia in 1905 , and then to the Armenian genocide , where there 's almost no evidence at all .
There , the pictures become pictures of snow and sand , as a metaphor about a covering and a hiding , a new layer , so these evidences become harder and harder to discern and unwrap .
That was also something that I took from Conrad .
Simon Norfolk will speak at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art on Saturday , December 2nd , at 4 pm , in the Brown Auditorium .
If you 're anywhere near Los Angeles , consider stopping by .
Meanwhile , there are many , many more photographs available on Norfolk 's website , and his own writings deserve a long look .
His books –
For most of it I have no words Bleed , and Afghanistan : Chronotopia – are also worthy acquisitions .
Shit , it 's Christmas – buy all three .
Finally , a huge thank you to Simon Norfolk for his humor and patience during the long process of assembling this interview .
Newer | Older
Easily , according to a test devised by Saeed Dehnadi and Richard Bornat at Middlesex University 's school of computing .
In a draft paper at www.cs.mdx.ac.uk/research/PhDArea/saeed/
they show that it takes only a three - line code example and a multiple - choice test to divide " programming sheep from non-programming goats " , adding that it " predicts ability to program with very high accuracy before the subjects have ever seen a program or a programming language " .
Dehnadi and Bornat say teachers of programming often discover that class marks from exams form a " double hump " - as if there were two separate , overlapping populations with differing abilities .
" It is as if there are two populations : those who can , and those who cannot , each with its own independent bell curve , " they comment .
The first group includes 44 % of people ; the second , 39 % .
( There was also an 8 % " no answer " group ; the other 9 % seem to have gone missing . )
The three - line code question - a simple assignation of two variables in Java , after which the examinee was asked to state which value the variables would have , and why - proved sufficient , when tried on undergraduates before they started their computing courses , to sort out who would do well and who badly in the end - of - year exams , because it showed who would use a consistent mental model to work out how variables received a value , and who used more than one model .
( Using multiple mental models is the way to programming madness , and failure . )
But Dehnadi and Bornat may have discovered the secret to easing the pressure on computer science recruiters - and lecturers .
Presently , reports suggest , between 30 % and 60 % of every university computer science department 's intake fail the first programming course ( though we can't find the source of the statistic ) .
Removing the goats early on might help - and identifying programming sheep in all walks of life could steer them to a different career .
Coming though as it does just two weeks after the British Computer Society called for more people to become programmers ( " Should I think about becoming a programmer ? " , July 6 ) , this draft paper might call into question the whole concept of just trying to recruit more people to computer programming courses .
But the BCS numbers are worrying , showing a 50 % drop in applications for computer - related degrees , a 60 % drop in software engineering students and a 47 % drop in systems engineering students .
Let 's hope the dropouts are all multiple - model goats .
Perhaps the most intriguing point comes near the end : as Dehnadi and Bonat note : " Formal logical proofs , and therefore programs - formal logical proofs that particular computations are possible , expressed in a formal system called a programming language - are utterly meaningless .
To write a computer program you have to come to terms with this , to accept that whatever you might want the program to mean , the machine will blindly follow its meaningless rules and come to some meaningless conclusion . "
True - but at least professional programmers get paid for it .
· If you 'd like to comment on any aspect of Technology Guardian , send your emails to tech@theguardian.com
The proposed agreement calls for Sydney McGee to be paid for the rest of the school year and prevents her from suing the district .
It also stops her from working in Frisco ISD in the future .
Dr. Reedy said the deal would eliminate further interruptions for the district , which has been the subject of a national media firestorm in recent weeks .
Dallas Morning News | News for Dallas , Texas
| Local News :
The controversy and embittered battle between the Frisco School district and Sydney McGee may be coming to a close .
The school is ready to settle , presenting a deal which will compensate McGee but will still , unfortunately , pander to the parents of the poor , traumatized child who caught a glimpse of a nude sculpture .
McGee ’s records have been made public with excellent scores throughout until this recent year when a new principal joined the school .
This battle has become petty with issues of clothing , field trip planning and more as the school has desperately tried to find legitimate reasons for firing McGee .
What it has not considered is the social implications of ‘ protecting ’ this child .
Will children be allowed to continue visiting art galleries ?
will nude art be vilified as a result ?
What is the cost of this deal ?
Frisco ISD officials said Thursday they expect that the school board will accept some “ minor ” revisions proposed by Sydney McGee and her lawyer for a final settlement agreement that would sever her ties with the district .
Dallas Morning News | News for Dallas , Texas
| Frisco News :
Teachers are supposed to expand the minds and abilities of the children in their care .
McGee clearly tried to do this by exposing them to art .
Panse tried to do this by recommending life drawing for his students .
Nudity is not evil , or inherently sexual .
it wo n’t rot children ’s brains or turn them into sociopaths .
Maybe the real issue at stake is the fear that the minds of our young might be expanded , and then they might start questioning , creating , learning – and who knows where that might end ?
Tags : art news , controversy , fired teacher , nudes
May 06 , 2012 Update
This version of Comment Karma works for the newest version of WordPress 3.3.2 .
Thanks to Wealthy Netizen for picking up where I left off on a discontinued project .
DOWNLOAD Version 2.9.32
Comment Karma not working for you ?
Since a large number of people are both successful and in need of assistance , I ca n’t and do n’t have enough time to help everyone .
If you ’re willing to pay a small donation for me to install or modify the plugin on your blog , use the contact form .
You may also email th3rub3x|@|gmail [ dot ] com ( same as paypal ) .
After searching Google for a few minutes for a comment karma / rating plugin for WordPress I was amazed I could n’t find one .
So I read through WordPress documentation for a bit and dug in .
Comment Karma 1.1 Release
Fixed :
* Security issue .
* Hovering over the images gives you a mouse cursor now .
Comment Karma 2.0 Release
Fixed :
* Security issue .
* Better MySql queries and table indexing to increase performance .
* Allows you to see how many times a comment has been modded up , down , and the total .
* No longer displays to negative signs when a comment is below zero .
* When upgrading to 2.0 your existing comment karma count will be lost due to the new database structure .
This is because it ’s now tracking both up and down votes , and before it was just adding and subtracting from one number .
Comment Karma 2.9.32
* Fixed for newer versions of WordPress
* Hide poorly rated comments
* Works with Wp - cache
* Choice of up and down arrows
* Better voter fraud detection
What is it
This is a plugin for WordPress blogs that allows users to rate or moderate other users comments .
You can click thumbs up or down , and it will give them a positive or negative number .
Basically the exact same thing you ’ll find on Digg or Slashdot .
Issues
Currently , there are no known issues , it works like a charm .
If you ’re using WP - Cache or similar the icons will not show up gray , nor will the numbers be updated if you reload the page until the page expires .
However , if a user votes again it will throw them an error .
I ’ve worked around this by setting the cache for 120 seconds .
That way the server does n’t get hammered with SQL queries , but you still see the comments being moderated in almost real time .
If you ’re having trouble installing 2.0 from 1.1 , try deactivating the plugin , deleting the files and reupload them .
Proceed to PHPMy Admin and drop the ck_karma table .
( Sorry , it ’s the only way ) .
Then enable the plugin and use it as you normally would .
Installation
Newest version has one click install !
Unzip the folder you downloaded , and upload the whole thing in to your plugins directory .
You ’ll need to edit your header file , and add :
< script type=” text / javascript ” src= ” http://domain/wp-content/plugins/ck-karma/ck-karma.js ” >
</script >
I added mine directly under the head tag .
Next depending on your theme you need to edit your comments theme file .
You need to add ck_display_karma( ) ; in your comment ’s for each loop .
Look for “ foreach ( $ comments as $ comment ) ” .
You can insert it in that loop .
Mine happens to be here :
<?php if ( comment_subscription_status ( ) ) { echo ” ( subscribed to comments ) “ ; } ck_display_karma( ) ; ?>
Skip to this step :
Lastly enable it via plugins page .
That should install all the needed tables .
Questions ?
Comments ?
Bugs ?
If you have questions about installing or using it you can post a comment on this post .
This is so people having the same issues can easily get the fix .
If you ’re willing to pay a small donation for me to install or modify the plugin in any way use the contact form .
You may also email th3rub3x|@|gmail[dot ]com
Download
Comment Karma 2.9.32
Broken on newer WordPress installs :
Comment Karma 2.0
Comment Karma 1.1
Thanks to
Bawked – Wrote the ajax , and debugged the PHP .
Bruce Bartlett is not a happy camper .
He 's also completely right on this :
Poynter Online - Forums : From BRUCE BARTLETT , senior fellow , National Center for Policy Analysis :
Once again , I just got off the phone with a booker for one of the cable news channels who wanted me to play the role of the knee - jerk Bush supporter and I had to decline .
Although I am a conservative who generally supports Republican policies and generally opposes those that come from Democrats , I am uncomfortable being locked into that position .
I also do n’t think it makes for very good television .
I understand that news shows want to show both sides -- or perhaps I should say two sides -- to controversial issues , lest they appear biased towards one position .
But why must this always take the form of a debate ?
Why ca n’t they interview a person with one position separately and then interview someone else with another position in another segment ?
Would n’t this be a better way of achieving balance than by always having a debate ?
It ’s hard enough to make one ’s point in sound - bite form without being distracted by the debating tactics of one ’s opponent .
And , unfortunately , everyone is now trained to know that when one has the camera and microphone they are pretty much free to say what they like , even if it is totally off topic and even untrue .
On one occasion , my opponent called me a liar on air at the end of the segment , so that I could not respond .
Afterwards , off camera , he conceded that I was right .
But no one watching the exchange ever knew that ....
The fact is -- and everyone knows this -- that few issues are black - and - white .
There are always nuances that are impossible to discuss in a debate format .
But the debate format creates the illusion that there is always a simple answer to every complex problem and encourages average television viewers to assume that those of us in the Washington policymaking community are all idiots totally beholden to our party , without a lick of common sense or integrity ...
Washington Times columnist and prominent neoconservative Frank Gaffney opened his Wednesday column with a forceful quote attributed to President Abraham Lincoln :
Congressmen who willfully take actions during wartime that damage morale and undermine the military are saboteurs and should be arrested , exiled , or hanged .
This quote may have been news to Lincoln scholars , but it appears thousands of times on the Internet .
It was even cited last year at a DC press conference by Congressman Jack Murtha ’s Republican opponent , Diana Irey .
The quote was especially familiar to close readers of Unification Church publications , which include the Washington Times and Insight magazine .
That ’s because the quote is fake and first appeared in the pages of Insight magazine .
J. Michael Waller opened his 12/23/03 article , “ Democrats Usher in An Age of Treason , ” with those words .
He later explained in an email to Factcheck.org :
The supposed quote in question is not a quote at all , and I never intended it to be construed as one .
It was my lead sentence in the article that a copy editor mistakenly turned into a quote by incorrectly inserting quotation marks .
In other words , a Washington Times columnist recycled a fake Lincoln quote that originally appeared in the Washington Times ‘ magazine .
Incidentally , Factcheck.org concluded that , quote marks or not , Waller ’s assertion about Lincoln was false .
Insight is now defunct as a stand - alone magazine , but its website has continued to peddle misinformation with remarkable success .
A recent smear piece , which falsely claimed that Hillary Clinton would accuse Barack Obama of covering up time spent at an Indonesian madrassa as a child , was picked up by Fox News and conservative talk radio and spewed across the nation .
You might think any news organization would be embarrassed to no end for making the same glaring error twice .
But the Washington Times did n’t run a correction in today ’s paper and Gaffney ’s column is still posted – without an update , correction or apology – on washingtontimes.com and David Horowitz ’s frontpagemag.com .
For right - wing pundits , agitating the base clearly trumps getting the story right .
After all , as Abraham Lincoln might have said , one should “ never let the facts get in the way of a good story . ”
Update : The Washington Times has finally pulled the Gaffney column from its site , but not before Republican Congressman Don Young of Alaska cited the quote on the House floor .
“ I dreamed of working at Microsoft .
When Microsoft joined up with Accenture to form Avanade the word ‘ consultant ’ sounded so wonderfully romantic to me and I wondered if ever I ’d make it there as one of the elite band of Avanade consultants , spreading the Microsoft message all over the world .
I dreamed of systems that would change lives , help people , and do cool new things never seen before , ” Pete Wright , former Windows coder and once Microsoft employee , blogs .
“ Somewhere along the way though , things changed .
I do n’t know exactly when or how , but the world I loved got torn to shreds , set fire to , then mooshed into a pile of horse manure , ” Wright explains .
“ I worked on some great projects too .
At American Express 5 of us turned around a failed project into an outstanding success that to this day still makes that company a large sum of pure profit each and every day .
At Enron , a small bunch of us designed a stunning trading system that never saw the light of day thanks to Ken Lay and his cronies screwing everything up , ” Wright reports .
“ But , by and large I found myself in the same situation over and over .
I was like that female friend or relative that we all have that seems to continually find themselves in love with abusive partners . ”
Wright reports , “ I ’m on Microsoft ‘ influencer ’ lists , email lists where Microsoft people try to get me to tow the company line and say great things about them and their products because it ’s perceived that I have an audience .
The times that I ’ve deviated from that line though I ’ve found myself well and truly out in the cold . ”
MacDailyNews
Take :
Get ready for your liquid nitrogen bath for this one , Pete .
Wright continues , “ So , for the past 3 years I ’ve worked very hard at a very personal goal , and today I succeeded .
I ’ve aligned my spare time with technologies I want to use .
I learned the stuff I thought was cool , whether the rest of the world did or not .
I use Macintosh .
I write Ruby on Rails , Python and Perl code and love it .
Why ?
Because most of the other people out there doing the same thing have that same passionate that ignited in me a desire to be in this career in the first place . ”
Wright continues , “ So , today I resigned my job , and completely ended my Microsoft career .
I have taken a role as Director with a company at the leading edge of the “ Web 2.0 ” curve .
My team and I will write Ruby on Rails code , use Macintosh computers to do so , shun Microsoft technology completely , go to work in shorts and sandals and blast each other with nerf guns .
My team is devoted to being the best it can be , to learning , to improving , to pushing boundaries .
And it ’s not Microsoft .
“ I ’m writing this on my Mac using NeoOffice Writer while the PC under my desk is , for the last time ever , removing Windows and all the trappings that go with it to install Ubuntu Linux .
My Microsoft career is now officially over , ” Wright continues .
“ Microsoft do n’t innovate , in my opinion .
Vista looks like a pile of crap compared to Mac OS X and Ubuntu with GLX .
Their software is buggy , overpriced , and stress inducing .
Their development tools are staid , designed and developed by committees to solve every problem you could ever conceive of , while being ideally suited to solving none . ”
“ Today , I ’ve resigned to leave that world behind forever , and I could n’t be happier , ” Wright reports .
“ Microsoft are the new IBM , and Microsoft customers are just like the huge corporate suit wearing monoliths that bought into the whole IBM mirage back in the 70’s and 80’s .
I do n’t want to work for IBM .
I just want to write cool software with talented passionate people , and make a difference in the world … Goodbye Microsoft . ”
Full article , with even more , here .
[ Attribution : The Inquirer Top Windows writer abandons Microsoft , Sees the light and buys an Apple .
Thanks to MacDailyNews Reader “ LinuxGuy and Mac Prodigal Son ” for the heads up . ]
MacDailyNews
Take :
Here ’s to the crazy ones .
The misfits .
The rebels .
The troublemakers .
The round pegs in the square holes .
The ones who see things differently .
They ’re not fond of rules .
And they have no respect for the status quo .
You can praise them , disagree with them , quote them ,
disbelieve them , glorify or vilify them .
About the only thing you ca n’t do is ignore them .
Because they change things .
They invent .
They imagine .
They heal .
They explore .
They create .
They inspire .
They push the human race forward .
Maybe they have to be crazy .
How else can you stare at an empty canvas and see a work of art ?
Or sit in silence and hear a song that ’s never been written ?
Or gaze at a red planet and see a laboratory on wheels ?
We make tools for these kinds of people .
While some see them as the crazy ones ,
We see genius .
Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world , are the ones who do .
– Apple Computer
Related MacDailyNews articles :
Dvorak : Microsoft malaise – eight signs that Microsoft is dead in the water – May 03 , 2006
Microsoft about to lose the software business just as IBM lost the PC business in ‘ 80s – July 26 , 2006
Microsoft suffers from malaise , key defections , Windows Vista struggles , lack of towels – September 16 , 2005
Microsoft employees leaving due to ( and blogging about ) malaise smothering company – April 25 , 2005
Microsoft ’s lack of momentum , malaise wo n’t end anytime soon – March 16 , 2005
Defending Windows over Mac a sign of mental illness – December 20 , 2003
If you find this useful , you might like my other articles , too .
Bloated Exceptionhandling
At my daytime job I had to rewrite a class which sends a Message to a Queue .
Sounds simple ?
With EJB3 it is reasonably simple and can be done in around 10 lines of code involving lots of lookups .
But if you are looking for a reliable solution which works even when the application server reboots every once in a while your code gets messy .
My current solution has 120 lines of code and there are still some things to add like buffering of unsent messages .
Why do I have to write so much more code to get a reliable solution ?
Part of the blame is on Java , because of its verbose exception handling – there is no elegant way of catching 2 or more exceptions [ 1 ] without catching Exception or Throwable , which I try to avoid where possible .
Ruby has this simple solution compared to the bloated solution in java , especially with EJB where you have to catch half a dozend different exceptions .
begin eval string rescue SyntaxError , NameError => boom print " String does n't compile : " + boom rescue StandardError => bang print " Error running script : " + bang end
Retry
Repeating whole blocks of code needs too much code , too .
Ruby has the retry command , which restarts the current block :
c = 0 for i in 1..100 tries = 0 begin c = c + 1 # dummy code if c % 4 !=
0 # to create puts " failed for # {i} " # a few raise " uups " # exceptions end puts " action # {i} " rescue puts " rescue " tries = tries + 1 retry if tries < 3 end end
This is just another name for goto , which might be harmful .
Actually , I would n’t use this solution anyway because there is a better , more reusable way , to achieve the same .
closures
In ruby , it is possible ( and very simple ) to pass some code to a method .
This allows me to create a method which excecutes my code multiple times , if an exceptions occurs :
def try ( max_tries = 3 ) tries = 0 begin yield rescue puts " rescue " tries = tries + 1 retry if tries < max_tries end end c = 0 for i in 1..100 try do c = c + 1 # dummy code if c % 4 !=
0 # to create puts " failed for # {i} " # a few raise " uups " # exceptions end puts " action # {i} " end end
When I started this article , I just wanted to write a short rant about the missing features for errorhandling in java .
While writing , I noticed that Ruby has them .
Perhaps that ’s the reason why I enjoy programming in ruby so much
[ 1 ] to clarify this point just for Jason :
In general , there is no elegant way of catching two or more exceptions .
If you look at the number of direct subclasses in java.lang .
Exception , it is nearly impossible to catch the exceptions you want using a superclass without catching some ‘ innocent bystanders ’ .
I would very much like to see a elegant solution which catches only java.sql.
SQLException and java.util.concurrent .TimeoutException , you may use as much OOP and polymorphism as you like .
This might not be the fault of the language but the plattform but as I cannot get one without the other , it does n’t really matter to me .
Do n’t get me wrong , I think Java is pretty damn good , but there is still a lot of room to improve .
And Ruby is showing some of the things which can be done better .
前回もお伝えしたように，そもそも TSF の話を急いでする必要はなくなりました．
今後 Legacy IM が TSF で置き換えていく流れが確実になっているとはいえ，これで当面急いで
TSF に乗り換える必要は無いと思います ．
そういうわけでしばらく時間をおいてもいいのですが，いったんまとめかけていた資料を後でまた掘り起こすのが大変なので，ここで軽く書ききってしまうことにしました．全く持って需要がなさそうな記事ですが，しばらくおつきあいくださいませ．
まずは ，Windows の Input Method の歴史から見ていきましょう．
余談その 2 - テキストストアを活用した変換候補の選択
TSF ではテキストストアと呼ばれる仕組みでテキストサービス ( TIP などの入力サービス ) がアプリケーション中のテキストデータにアクセスできるようにしています．
この仕組みの応用として誰でも考えつきそうなのが，入力箇所の前後のテキストを変換候補の評価材料に使用するというものです．当然のごとくこれは実装されているので，実際に実験してみましょう．
TSF に対応したアプリケーション，例えば Microsoft Word や Wordpad で， 「危機」という単語を書いたファイルを開いて見てください．公正を期すためには，「危機」の入力は，コピーアンドペーストなど漢字変換を使用しない方法で入力した方が良いでしょう．
次にファイルを開き， 「 危機 」の直後に caret を移動し ， 「
いっぱつ」と入力して変換してみてください．MSIME ならば，おそらく「一髪」を変換候補として選ぶはずです．テキストストアを通じて caret 直前 に 「危機」という文字があることを MSIME は知っています．そのため，何もない箇所での変換候補第一位である「 一発」ではなく，「
危機一髪」が期待されている確率が高いと判断して「一髪」を選んだと考えられます．この機能，実は
5 年前の MSIME 2002 で既に実現されています．
左は TSF ネイティブ対応した Wordpad，右は TSF 未対応で CUAS 制御下の EmEditor 6 ．TSF に対応している場合としていない場合で変換結果が異なる． 残念ながら TSF に対応していな い ATOK 2007 で実験すると，いずれの場合も候補とし て「 一発 」を提示しますが，それも ATOK が TSF に対応し，同じ条件に立つまでの話でしょう．TSF への対応によって，定評のある ATOK の漢字変換の精度がより向上するものと期待しています*6 ．
( 2011 年 2 月 13 日追記 : IMM32 ベースの ATOK でも，設定の 「 入力・変換 」 →「 変換補助 」 → 「 ｶｰｿﾙ位置前後の文章を参照して変換する」を有効にすると，IMM32 の IMR_DOCUMENTFEED を利用した前後変換は可能です)
なお，このテキストストアという仕組みを自然に応用したのが，以前の
Microsoft Office に付属していた Natural Input でした ．Office に付属させるにしては明らかに従来の仕組みと違いすぎるという点では強く同意しますが，かといって完全に葬ってしまうのももったいない技術だったと思います．提供の仕方を間違えなければ，一定のファンは確保できたかもしれません．
( 追記 ) なお ，IMM32 ベースでも前後の文字列を変換に利用することは可能です．Word などはもちろんのこと，近年では 秀丸が対応した例 などがあります．
次回は Windows 次回は Windows SDK に付属する TSF のサンプルの紹介と ，Thread Manager の使い方について ．
ちょうどいい具合に Windows の
Text Input の歴史が整理してある資料があります．それが今や 黒歴史 の祭典ともいうべ き PDC 03 の PPT というのは何とも皮肉な話ですが，この PPT の 8 枚目をご覧ください．ただしこの図ではテクノロジのリリース時期と対応
OS の関係が分かりにくいので，別の図を用意してみました．いくつか注目すべき点を挙げておきましょう．
ようやく『財経』の最新号の全コンテンツ（ただし図表などをのぞく）がウェブサイトで読めるようになった。
http://caijing.hexun.com/current.aspx
ただ、期待した竹中平蔵インタヴューはそれほど新しい内容がなく、先日のエントリでの紹介で尽きている感じ。
http://caijing.hexun.com/text.aspx?sl=2321&id=1854873
それよりも面白かったのが 「 " 安倍流 " 誕生」という安倍政権の性格と、その対アジア外交の可能性を論じた記事である。
http://caijing.hexun.com/text.aspx?sl=2321&id=1853417
今回の安倍訪中に関する新華社をはじめとする中国のマスコミ各社の反応は、全般的に小泉時代の反動からか、あからさまに安倍氏の外交姿勢や指導者としての資質を持ち上げるというものが多く（たとえばこれとか）、以前の対日報道とのあまりの落差の大きさにかえって白けるという声もみられる。
その点、この『財経』の林靖記者の記事は、安倍政権の下での日中関係の改善を期待する、という基本姿勢は他の記事と変わらないものの、政治的なバイアスはほとんど感じられず、むしろ客観的な情報をできるだけ多く伝えようとする姿勢が見られる。安倍氏についても闇雲に持ち上げるのではなく、強硬な鷹派であるという認識は示しながらも、「政治的資本」に恵まれていることから靖国参拝を支持拡大のリソースとして用いる必要はない、という点を評価し、かつてのニクソン外交のように「反共だが現実的でもある」という対中外交の姿勢を期待する、というスタンスである。
また単に安倍・小泉の比較を行うだけでなく、竹中平蔵、麻生太郎、谷垣禎一、尾身幸次、小池百合子、大田弘子といった新旧の閣僚について短いがかなり的確な人物評を加えているところにはうならされた。ただその中で竹中氏の評価が傑出して高いことはやはりというかご愛嬌だが。また安倍氏の人物評に関しても中川秀直、武見敬三といった自民党内部の人物からきちんとインタヴューをとっている。全体的に、はっきり言って大方のアメリカの新聞記者が書いた日本関連の記事よりもよっぽど安心して（違和感なく）読める、といっていい。
というわけで、安倍政権への高い期待の是非はともかくとして、かの国にも、日本に関して必ずしも政府の意向を気にするような形ではない、客観的な報道を行うことができるジャーナリストはちゃんと存在する、ということは銘記されてもいいのではないだろうか。
media , modernity , and microcode from your average farmer - turned - programmer
Numbers dictate our lives .
From money , to our weight , to the amount of stars in the galaxy .
These number facts will prove how amazing life is by the digits .
Quick Facts Essential Facts Interesting Details Numbers are arithmetic objects used to count and measure .
Numerals are the symbols that represent numbers .
Numerals vary with each language .
The numerals we use now are called “ Hindu - Arabic ” numbers .
1 is not a prime number .
The earliest form of numbers were tally marks found on prehistoric bones and artifacts .
The tally system was first observed in the Sumerian and Babylonian civilizations of Mesopotamia and Egypt .
The Hindu - Arabic number system originated from 6th to 7th century India .
Zero is the only number without a roman numeral .
There ’s only one even prime number – and that is 2 .
Roman Numerals were invented for trading .
Zero is an even number because it is an integer multiple of 2 ( 0 x 2 ) .
The only prime numbers ending with “ 2 ” or “ 5 ” are the numbers two and five themselves .
China has the biggest population : 1,436,207,552 .
The Vatican has the smallest population : 799 . 13 is the most famous 2 - digit number .
The average person has 100,000 hairs .
Sudoku is an American game .
There are more permutations to a deck of cards than all the atoms on the Earth .
Certain cultures do n’t have numbers .
Table of Contents 01 Number Facts Infographics 02 A rubik ’s cube has 43 quintillion different permutations .
03 Friday the 13th ?
More like Friday the 17th .
04 A hundred does n’t actually mean 100 .
05
Only one number is spelled with the same amount of letters as its value .
06 The fastest record for a person counting to 1 million is 89 days .
07 If you multiply a single - digit number by 9 and add all the digits of the product , the sum will always be 9 . 08 7 is the most loved number .
09 A written googolplex would weigh more than the whole Earth .
10 4 is an unlucky number in East Asia .
11 Bees can count .
12 Thai people laugh in numbers .
13
If you shuffle a pack of cards right , there ’s a chance the order has never been done before in the history of the universe .
14 People view odd numbers as male and even numbers as female .
15 M77232917 is the largest prime number .
16 A room full of 70 people would most probably have two people who share a birthday .
17 Numbers could determine your life .
18 The word ‘ love ’ in tennis means a score of zero .
19 Leonardo Da Vinci started the paint by numbers concept. 20 5 to 10 % of people have Dyscalculia .
21 Voltaire cracked the lottery system in 18th Century France .
22 Maps have four colors .
23 Scott Flansburg can solve equations as quickly and accurately as a calculator .
24 Sudoku ’s original name was Number Place .
25
The first recorded mention of a lottery was in the Bible .
26 Different cultures discovered the concept of zero at different times .
27
There are more stars in the universe than there are grains of sand in all the beaches on Earth .
28 9 is feared in Japan .
29 Triskaidekaphobia is the fear of the number 13 .
Number Facts Infographics
A rubik ’s cube has 43 quintillion different permutations .
Permutations are the different ways that a set can be arranged .
For a 3×3 Rubik ’s cube , there are 43,252,003,274,489,856,000 possible combinations .
However , each one can be solved in 20 moves or less , according to Google ’s supercomputers .
Friday the 13th ?
More like Friday the 17th .
Italian superstition warns against Friday the 17th because the Roman numeral “ XVII ” can be rearranged to create the word “ VIXI ” which means , “ My life is over ” in Latin .
Read also : More Amazing Science Facts
A hundred does n’t actually mean 100 .
The word “ hundred ” is derived from the Old Norse word hundrath , which actually means 120 , not 100 .
Only one number is spelled with the same amount of letters as its value .
The number 4 has four letters , too .
It ’s the only number that has this trait .
Mind - blowing .
The fastest record for a person counting to 1 million is 89 days .
Jeremy Harper of Alabama holds the Guinness World Record for counting to one million .
He live - streamed the entire process that took him 89 days .
He spent 16 hours per day counting aloud , while 8 hours were for eating and sleeping .
If you multiply a single - digit number by 9 and add all the digits of the product , the sum will always be 9 .
For example : 2 x 9 = 18 > 1 + 8 = 9 or 6 x 9 = 54 , 5 + 4 = 9 .
7 is the most loved number .
In a study conducted by mathematics author Alex Bellos , 10 % of people chose the “ Lucky 7 ” as their favorite number .
The number 7 has been used in imagery in the Bible as well as the winning match in slot machines .
According to Bellos , 7 ’s “ uniqueness ” is why it ’s so loved .
7 is the only number not divisible or doubled from the numbers in the 1 - 10 group .
A written googolplex would weigh more than the whole Earth .
A googolplex is a “ 1 ” followed by 100 zeros .
The biggest number is so long that if you wrote it out or printed it into physical form , the book would weigh more than the planet itself .
Read also : 20 Cool Facts About Prime Numbers That Will Surprise You
4 is an unlucky number in East Asia .
You wo n’t find much love for four - leafed clovers in Asia .
The word for 4 in many Asian languages sound like the word for “ death ” which is why it is generally seen as a bad omen .
In more intense cases , tetraphobia is the fear of the number four .
Bees can count .
Studies show that bees can identify and count up to four and recognize the concept of zero .
Bees were trained to choose which sample has “ more ” or “ less . ”
Eventually they exhibited an 80 % success rate .
Thai people laugh in numbers .
Well , a number .
The Thai word for 5 is ha , which explains all the 555’s .
If you shuffle a pack of cards right , there ’s a chance the order has never been done before in the history of the universe .
As with Rubik ’s cube permutations , the amount of possible combinations in a deck of cards is so varied that you could be making history with each shuffle .
People view odd numbers as male and even numbers as female .
According to a study , people often interpreted baby pictures as male or female depending on numbers placed next to it .
M77232917 is the largest prime number .
This number has 23,249,425 digits .
The biggest prime number known as M77232917 was discovered in January 2018 by a computer in Tennessee .
Read also : 40 GMO Facts That You Really Should Know About
A room full of 70 people would most probably have two people who share a birthday .
In a room full of 70 people , there ’s already a 99.9 % chance that two people share a birthday .
Numbers could determine your life .
Numerology is the study of significant numbers and how they impact aspects of one ’s life , much like astrology .
The word ‘ love ’ in tennis means a score of zero .
Some point its origins to the gambling expression ‘ love or money ’ aka playing a game for money ( stakes ) or love ( nothing ) .
Others claim it ’s because the French word l’oeuf means ‘ the egg ’ and an egg looks like a zero .
Leonardo Da Vinci started the paint by numbers concept .
The popular hobby craft we now know is based on Leonardo Da Vinci ’s teaching method .
Paint by number sets were created in 1950 by Dan Robbins .
Originally a children ’s book illustrator , Robbins was tasked to think of a way to sell more paint at his workplace .
From there , paint by numbers took off as a timeless craft activity .
5 to 10 % of people have Dyscalculia .
Experts estimate that the arithmetic learning disability dyscalculia may be just as common as dyslexia .
Voltaire cracked the lottery system in 18th Century France .
Definitely one for the number facts Hall of Fame is Voltaire ’s lottery heist .
Famed as a writer of the Enlightenment , Voltaire is iconic for his not - so - illegal lottery heist in 18th century France .
Voltaire earned an equivalent of US $ 121 million through “ rigging ” the lottery .
How did he do it ?
He and mathematician Charles Marie de la Condamine discovered that the lottery system allowed a way for small bond - holders to buy enough tickets for a sure win .
From here , him and de la Condamine devised a plan to exploit the system without technically breaking the law .
Voltaire used his winnings to fund his businesses and studies .
Read also : 70 Intriguing Sleep Facts That Will Mess With Your Mind
Maps have four colors .
According to the four - color theorem , any map can be colored using only four colors so that regions sharing a boundary do not share the same color .
You can get the nearest map to check .
Scott Flansburg can solve equations as quickly and accurately as a calculator .
One of the most amazing number facts :
The Guinness Book of World Records listed him as “ Fastest Human Calculator “ in 2001 and 2003 .
Flansburg secured the title after he broke the record for adding the same number to itself in 15 seconds .
Flansburg beat his time with more equations finished than someone with a calculator would at the same time .
Sudoku ’s original name was Number Place .
Modern Sudoku was invented in America as “ Number Place ” ( in 1979 ) .
However , it gained popularity as “ Sudoku ” because of Japanese publisher Nikoli .
Sadly , Howard Garns died in 1989 , way before the game reached global popularity .
The first recorded mention of a lottery was in the Bible .
Lotteries raise money through selling numbered tickets and awarding cash prizes through a random number draw .
Moses was the first recorded participant of a lottery .
In the Book of Numbers , it was mentioned that he won plots of land through a lottery draw .
Different cultures discovered the concept of zero at different times .
It is generally accepted that the Indian astronomer and mathematician Brahmagupta first discussed the concept of zero around 600 A.D .
There are more stars in the universe than there are grains of sand in all the beaches on Earth .
We ’re talking 1 billion trillion stars .
There ’s a wishing star for everyone .
9 is feared in Japan .
Although some cultures view 9 as a mystic or sacred number , it is feared in Japan .
because it sounds similar to the Japanese word for torture or suffering .
By Rick Broida
Click to viewMicrosoft
Word can drive you nuts .
It piles on features few people need , plagues you with annoying auto - corrections and just generally acts like a pain in the ass .
Advertisement
No more .
It 's time to take back the word processor , to put Word in its place and make it your ally instead of your adversary .
Follow these tips and you 'll be a much happier writer .
Note : Everything here applies to Word 2003 , though earlier versions may benefit as well .
I have n't seen enough of Word for Vista to know if it 's equally annoying ( oh , who am I kidding , of course it is ) .
Advertisement
Turn off unnecessary toolbars
The more toolbars you 've got stacked up in Word , the less space you have for viewing your actual document .
So banish the ones you seldom use .
Just right - click anywhere on any toolbar , then left - click any toolbar that has a checkmark next to it .
It 'll immediately disappear from the screen .
( You can restore a toolbar using the same method . )
For the record , most users need only the Standard and Formatting toolbars .
Streamline the toolbars you keep
Ever use the " show / hide paragraph " button ?
How about " decrease indent " ?
Did n't think so .
Even if you keep just two toolbars , they 're probably so bloated with unused buttons that you have to keep them stacked .
Fortunately , you can excise extra buttons with ease .
Here 's how :
Advertisement
Click the little down arrow at the right end of any toolbar .
In the menu that appears , click Add or Remove Buttons >
Formatting , then clear the checkmarks from any buttons you do n't need .
Remember , removing these buttons does n't eliminate their corresponding features — it just streamlines your toolbar .
Once you 've trimmed the fat , you should be able to fit some or all of your toolbars side - by - side , thus giving you even more extra workspace .
Advertisement
Add a word - count button
With all that button - bloat , Microsoft does n't see fit to include one for word - count ?
Maybe it 's because I 'm a writer , but I use that feature constantly .
To add a word - count button , click Tools > Customize , and then click the Commands tab .
In the Categories section , click Tools .
In the Commands section , scroll down until you find Word Count , then drag it out of that box and onto a toolbar .
Advertisement
Turn off hyperlinks
Word just loves to hyperlink e-mail addresses and URLs .
Sure , this might come in handy from time to time , but mostly it 's just distracting .
To remove all the links from an individual document , select all the text by pressing Ctrl - A , then press Ctrl - Shift - F9 .
Advertisement
To stop Word from hyperlinking in the future , click Tools > AutoCorrect Options , then click the AutoFormat As You Type tab .
Clear the checkbox for " Internet and network paths with hyperlinks . "
Then click the AutoFormat tab and clear the same checkbox .
If you want to manually add a hyperlink , select the desired text , right - click it and choose Hyperlink .
Expand the recently used documents list
By default , Word shows only four of your most recently used documents when you click the File menu .
I do n't know about you , but I 'm usually juggling a lot more documents than that .
If you click Tools > Options and then the General tab , you 'll see an item called " Recently used files list . "
Click the arrows to bump the number up to nine , the maximum Word allows .
Advertisement
Turn off " smart quotes "
Word 's curly quotation marks may look nice , but they can wreak havoc when you copy and paste them into blogs , other applications , web forms , etc .
To turn off these " smart " quotes , click Tools > AutoCorrect Options , hit both the AutoFormat and AutoFormat As You Type tabs , and clear the checkbox marked " straight quotes with smart quotes . "
Advertisement
Turn off entire - word selection
Ever notice that when you select text , Word automatically selects entire words at a time ?
Hey , guess what , Word ?
I 'll decide how much of a word I want to select , thank you very much .
To turn off this " feature , " click Tools >
Options and then click the Edit tab .
Clear the checkbox for " When selecting , automatically select entire word . "
Advertisement
Turn off automatic numbered lists
Once again , Word assumes facts not in evidence — in this case , that when you put a number in front of a new line , you 're planning to create a numbered list .
Stop these unwanted assumptions by clicking Tools > AutoCorrect Options , then the AutoFormat As You Type tab .
Clear the checkbox for " Automatic numbered lists . "
Advertisement
After that , if you want to number a list , just select the text and click the Numbering icon ( or click Format > Numbering if you turned off that icon to reduce toolbar clutter ) .
Turn off superscripting and fractions
If you 're creating text that 's headed to a blog or other web - based document , superscripted text and fraction characters will usually come out looking messed up .
Word automatically turns ordinals ( e.g. , " 1st " ) into superscript and fractions into special fraction characters .
To stop this pesky behavior , click Tools > AutoCorrect Options , hit both the AutoFormat and AutoFormat As You Type tabs , and clear the two checkboxes relating to fractions and ordinals .
Advertisement
Access full pull - down menus
Because Word 's pull - down menus are so freakin ' cluttered with unused features , I can understand the logic behind the abbreviated menus .
Of course , the feature you actually want is never visible , so you have to click again at the bottom of the menu or wait a few seconds for the full menu to appear .
Bleh .
Advertisement
To override this annoying obstacle , click Tools >
Customize , then the Options tab and then the " Always show full menus " checkbox .
Advertisement
Ditch Word altogether
You knew this was coming .
If Word simply causes you too many headaches ( or you 're looking for a free alternative ) , consider beloved open - source alternatives like AbiWord and OpenOffice.org .
Heck , if you have modest word - processing needs and you 're always online , it 's hard to beat Google Docs and Zoho Writer , both of which are also free ( and make it easy to access your documents from nearly any PC ) .
Advertisement
Know of any other ways to keep Word from driving you insane ?
Share your insight with the world by posting in the comments !
In the meantime , check out our post on keyboard shortcuts for Word .
Advertisement
Rick Broida , Lifehacker associate editor , has lived in Word for years , but living with it has n't been easy .
His special feature , Alpha Geek , appears every Monday .
Subscribe to the Alpha Geek feed to get new installments in your newsreader .
Comparatif Box Internet Fibre
Vous voulez surfer à la vitesse de la lumière sans aucune contrainte ?
Et sans éclater votre budget ?
Découvrez les meilleures offres pour votre Box Internet Fibre !
Ne vous limitez plus et passez à la vitesse supérieure !
Obama focused on issues , not race
WASHINGTON  Illinois Sen. Barack Obama said his campaign for the presidency " will send a wonderful message to young people of color and to immigrants around the country " if successful .
He makes clear , though , that he hopes to make race irrelevant in his bid to become the first black to occupy the White House .
" If I 'm talking about the issues that matter to people , if we do a good job in letting people know who I am and what I stand for … they 'll make their judgment not based on my race but based on how well they think I can lead this country , " Obama told USA TODAY .
As he begins campaigning in earnest for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination , Obama cannot assume that he will be the favorite of black voters , who are crucial to the success of Democratic candidates in states such as South Carolina , which holds one of the earliest primaries .
Blacks accounted for nearly half of the state 's Democratic primary voters in 2004 .
Obama 's background does n't fit the mold of previous black presidential candidates or that of traditional civil rights leaders .
He is the son of a black Kenyan father and a white American mother .
He grew up in Hawaii and spent some of his childhood in Indonesia .
He was the first black president of the prestigious Harvard Law Review and spent some time as a community organizer on Chicago 's South Side .
Obama " has demonstrated a great deal of popularity with white people , " said David Bositis , an expert on black voter opinion at the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies in Washington .
" There is almost always , on the part of some African - Americans , a thing in their back of their minds that says , ' What 's the catch ? ' "
Wilbur Rich , a political scientist at Wellesley College , said : " This is the kind of thing people talk about in black barbershops :
Is he really a brother ? "
With his résumé , Rich said , Obama " has earned the right to call himself whatever he wants . "
The debate is playing out not just in barbershops , but in blogs , magazines and newspapers .
In the New York Daily News recently , columnist Stanley Crouch , a prominent black social critic , said that when " black Americans refer to Obama as ' one of us , ' I do not know what they are talking about . "
Other blacks dismiss such criticism .
The real test will be whether " he is the best qualified person for the job , " said Bruce Gordon , president and chief executive officer of the NAACP .
" Black folks will not vote for Barack simply because he 's black .
Not all women will vote for Hillary , " he said , referring to New York Sen.
Hillary Rodham Clinton , another Democratic contender .
Clinton leads Obama in polls of black voters .
Recent ABC News / Washington
Post polling , for instance , found that 60 % of black , Democratic - leaning voters supported Clinton , and 20 % backed Obama .
Cornell Belcher , a Democratic activist and pollster for Obama , said the story behind those numbers is simple : " African - Americans know the Clintons .
They do n't know Barack Obama .
Those are numbers that are going to move . "
Evan Brunson is among the black voters Obama will have to win over .
Brunson , president of the College Democrats chapter at Howard University in Washington , said he felt a surge of excitement as he watched Obama speak at a recent event .
Still , the 22 - year - old senior from Dallas said he 's more interested right now in a fellow Southerner , former North Carolina senator John Edwards .
" I like that someone is picking up the mantle of social justice , " he said about Edwards .
Obama 's race will be a factor in his choice , Brunson said , but not the only one .
" You do n't give your vote away ; they have to earn it . "
Keen reported from Chicago
4.12 . Using SMP parallelism
GHC supports running Haskell programs in parallel on an SMP ( symmetric multiprocessor ) .
There 's a fine distinction between concurrency and parallelism : parallelism is all about making your program run faster by making use of multiple processors simultaneously .
Concurrency , on the other hand , is a means of abstraction : it is a convenient way to structure a program that must respond to multiple asynchronous events .
However , the two terms are certainly related .
By making use of multiple CPUs it is possible to run concurrent threads in parallel , and this is exactly what GHC's SMP parallelism support does .
But it is also possible to obtain performance improvements with parallelism on programs that do not use concurrency .
This section describes how to use GHC to compile and run parallel programs , in Section 7.15 , “ Parallel Haskell ” we desribe the language features that affect parallelism .
4.12.1 . Options to enable SMP parallelism
In order to make use of multiple CPUs , your program must be linked with the - threaded option ( see Section 4.10.7 , “ Options affecting linking ” ) .
Then , to run a program on multiple CPUs , use the RTS -N option : - N x Use x simultaneous threads when running the program .
Normally x should be chosen to match the number of CPU cores on the machine .
There is no means ( currently ) by which this value may vary after the program has started .
For example , on a dual - core machine we would probably use + RTS - N2 - RTS .
Whether hyperthreading cores should be counted or not is an open question ; please feel free to experiment and let us know what results you find .
Sienna Miller has been left fearing for her life after receiving a torrent of death threats .
Islamic extremists are furious the actress is starring in ' Interview ' , a remake of director Theo van Gogh 's 2003 thriller .
The Dutch director was murdered in 2004 after his controversial film ' Submission ' sparked outrage among Islamic fundamentalists .
Sienna , who is currently shooting the film in New York , is being targeted by similar political groups .
She has been sent letters warning her " she will be sorry " unless she pulls out of filming .
A crew member told Britain 's Daily Star newspaper : " Sienna refuses to give in to these threats .
The film has n't got anything to do with Islam .
But because it 's being made as a tribute to Theo , the Islamic fundamentalists have hit the roof .
" Her co-star , ' Reservoir Dogs ' star Steve Buscemi has received similar death threats .
He is also directing the movie and has promised to protect Sienna with the best security in America .
Tagged in Sienna Miller
As an experienced programmer , I participate in many Free Software projects when time permits .
I am committed to a few projects , and I frequently submit patches to random projects that I happen to bump into .
I also understand the dynamics of free software : when a bug stands in my way , I often fix it myself rather than waiting for another contributor ( who may have her own priorities and agenda ) to fix it .
Same when I badly need a feature .
In this post , I will compare the submission process of two changes I made to free software recently :
a new watchdog driver for the Linux kernel ;
a fix for a critical flow in SIP message handling in the Asterisk telephony system .
Linux device driver
I first posted my new device driver code as a patch ( a difference between the actual Linux source code and the modified one ) on the linux - kernel mailing - list .
Shortly after that , some people publicly answered my mail and offered remarks and criticisms about my changes .
Most of the advices were well targeted and I modified my patch accordingly .
Some of the remarks were a bit off because people commenting the code had n’t read the device datasheet and were confused by some names used therein and mirrored into the driver ; I explained the situation and why I would not act upon those remarks .
One point about a possible concurrent access was discussed and resolved after a few technical exchanges .
I then posted a modified patch for everyone to comment on .
This later patch was then acked ( i.e. , blessed ) by a major developer .
Various parts of the Linux kernel are maintained by different people .
The device I was addressing was a watchdog ( a piece of hardware that forcibly reboots your computer if the operating system fails to say “ I ’m still alive ” on a regular basis ) , so the watchdog subsystem maintainer took responsability and integrated it into his own development tree , so that people willing to test this new driver could do so easily .
After some time , while the new driver had shown not visible disturbance of the rest of the kernel , it was pulled by Linus Torvalds into the main Linux kernel tree and was released as part of Linux 2.6.19 .
Note that when the watchdog subsystem maintainer integrated my new driver into his tree , he was already quite confident that the driver was clean as it had been carefully read and commented on by several other developers .
The integration within his tree rather than into the main Linux kernel ensured that all the watchdog drivers can play nicely together .
Asterisk flaw in the SIP engine
Free Telecom is the second most important ADSL provider in France .
They provide a triple - play service over ADSL : IP , telephony and television .
The telephony service can be accessed either using an analog phone connected to their ADSL modem or using a SIP connection to their server .
On the server side , Free Telecom chose to use a solution by Cirpack , made from boxes able to handle several thousands of simultaneous SIP sessions .
When the Cirpack server was upgraded at the beginning of December , all Asterisk boxes using Free Telecom as their SIP provider immediately stopped working : the voice was not going through anymore .
This problem was signaled onto a forum by an Asterisk user a few hours after the upgrade and promptly analyzed by a Cirpack engineer : it appeared to be a flaw in Asterisk SIP handling .
The engineer rolled back the Free Telecom server to the previous revision and sent me a mail with the description of the problem .
Why me ?
Because we know each other as we studied together , and he knew I was using Asterisk to connect to the Free Telecom SIP server and that I was likely to quickly investigate and fix the problem .
A few hours later , I produced two short fixes for Asterisk and was able to test them against a Cirpack server running the new firmware .
Everything went fine and the problem was fixed .
I posted the patches to the Asterisk bug tracking system and , less than four hours later , added full debugging information with and without the patches at the request of a manager so that it was clear what the problem was and how the patch fixed it .
I also sent several mails on the Asterisk developers mailing - list to underline the importance of the flaw .
As long as the flaw is not fixed , any upgrade made by a VoIP provider may break all its Asterisk clients without any easy workaround .
To describe the flaw shortly , an unpatched Asterisk does n’t understand perfectly valid SIP headers and interprets them in a totally wrong way , causing the subsequent traffic to be sent to the wrong place .
Asterisk 1.4.0 was released 19 days after I explained this critical flaw and posted the patches to correct it .
Not only were the patches not included in the release , but as far as I can tell no peer review has occurred on the patches .
The only request made by a manager was that some developers , who have not yet answered , test the patch .
Also , at some point , this very same manager added a relationship between this problem and another one without any comment to explain this alleged relationship .
As far as I can tell , the two bugs are totally unrelated and I fail to see any relationship between them except that they address two problems in SIP message processing , although one is about SIP headers syntax and the other one about the SIP engine internal state machine .
At this point , it is worth noting that I do not feel bad about Asterisk because my patches were not included in the latest release ; what I criticize here is what I consider a lack of feedback on user - contributed fixes and a lack of interaction between developers .
Comparing the two processes
Proposed changes to the Linux kernel are posted on a public mailing - list as plain - text , where anyone is free to comment on them .
The plain - text format makes it easy to intersperse the relevant code portion with the comments .
One or several structured discussions follow , each one addressing one aspect of the proposed patch .
New versions of the patch may then be proposed and discussed until the patch is finally blessed ( acked ) by one or more fellow developers .
Note that this process happens in an email client , without any compilation taking place at this stage .
Technical flaws may be found by code reading and discussion rather than by testing whether the code seems to trigger a bug or not .
Also , if the code would benefit from extra documentation , such documentation will be requested publicly by other developers .
Proposed changes to Asterisk are posted onto the Asterisk bug tracking system maintained by Digium ( the original authors and the current maintainers of Asterisk ) .
A disclaimer also needs to be filled by contributors , as Digium wants to be able to make a proprietary version of Asterisk , while others may only distribute it as a GPL software .
I have the impression that the patches are not peer reviewed : the use of a bug tracking system does n’t ease such a code review process , compared to a mailing - list as in the Linux kernel patches case .
I am also under the impression that patches are tested rather than being read first .
If enough developers report that the patch has n’t visibly broken their system , the patch may eventually be integrated .
Also , parts of Asterisk sometimes undergo major rewritings without any attempt to explain what has been changed exactly .
For the Linux kernel , it would be unacceptable : a serie of incremental patches would be required to be submitted on the mailing - list , with a step - by - step justification of why things need to be changed .
When incremental patches are not doable , because changes depend on each other , separate patches that need to be applied at the same time will still be required so that individual changes are reviewable by other developers .
As you may have guessed at this stage , I much prefer the Linux kernel way of doing it .
The peer review system exposes proposed changes to several pairs of hackers eyes .
The patches and the subsequent discussions also teach potential contributors what they need to send and how they need to present it .
This iterative process not only generates better code but also shows good practices to other programmers .
I would really like other large software projects , such as Asterisk , to adopt it to increase the code quality and the developers interaction .
Ms Lakwena promised her followers immunity from army bullets
The self - proclaimed prophetess founded the Holy Spirit Movement in the 1980s .
Her followers believed magic potions protected them in battle , but they were defeated by government forces .
Many later regrouped to form the Lord 's Resistance Army ( LRA ) , led by her cousin Joseph Kony .
The LRA is holding talks to end its 20 - year conflict .
Mrs Lakwena , who was in her fifties , continued to inspire devotion among her followers , who believed she could cure various diseases .
More than 1.5 m people have fled their homes due to the conflict and thousands of children have been abducted by the LRA .
' Holy Oil '
A Kenyan police commander said the cause of Ms Lakwena 's death was not known , but she had been ill for some time , AFP news agency reports .
Ms Lakwena founded her movement in 1986 after the overthrow of the northerner Milton Obote by President Yoweri Museveni .
LRA leader Joseph Kony is Lakwena 's cousin
She promised her fighters that use of her " Holy Oil " would protect them from bullets , turning them to water .
Her 7,000 hymn- singing fighters reached to within 130 km of the capital , Kampala , before they were defeated by the government army in 1988 .
After she fled , Ms Lakwena lived in a refugee camp in north - eastern Kenya .
Following the Holy Spirit Movement 's demise , Mr Kony went on to found his own rebel group which over the next two decades went on to abduct thousands of children to become fighters or sex slaves .
It has not been clear what Mr Kony , who also sees himself as a spirit medium , has been fighting for but he has said he wanted to rule according to the Biblical Ten Commandants , and create a " new generation " of Acholis .
Progress at peace talks , being held in southern Sudan to end the northern rebellion , has been slow .
Mr Kony says his group will not disarm until the International Criminal Court in The Hague drops war crimes charges against him and other LRA leaders .
A drill will be used to extract samples of the exposed mantle
Dr Chris MacLeod , from Cardiff University , said the Earth 's crust appeared to be missing across an area of several thousand square kilometres .
The hole in the crust is midway between the Cape Verde Islands and the Caribbean , on the Mid-Atlantic Ridge .
The team will survey the area , up to 5 km ( 3 miles ) under the surface , from ocean research vessel RRS James Cook .
The ship is on its inaugural voyage after being named in February .
Dr MacLeod said the hole in the Earth 's crust was not unique , but was recognised as one of the most significant .
He said it was an " open wound on the surface of the Earth " , where the oceanic crust , usually 6 - 7 km thick ( 3.7 - 4.3 miles ) , was simply not there .
The crust does not seem to be repairing itself
Dr Chris MacLeod
Monitor the voyage online
" Usually the plates are pulled apart and to fill the gap the mantle underneath has to rise up .
As it comes up it starts to melt .
That forms the magma , " he said .
" That 's the normal process .
Here it has gone awry for some reason .
" The crust does not seem to be repairing itself . "
Dr MacLeod said the research could lead to a " new way of understanding " the process of plate tectonics .
The scientist will test theories he developed after visiting the area in 2001 - including the possibility the missing crust was caused by a " detachment fracture " .
" Effectively it 's a huge rupture - one side is being pulled away from the other .
It 's created a rupture so big it 's actually pulled the entire crust away .
A rock called serpentinite is exposed at the surface
" We also think the mantle did not melt as much as usual and that the normal amount of mantle was not produced . "
As a result , the mantle is exposed to seawater , creating a rock called serpentinite .
The survey voyage , costing $ 1 m ( £ 510,000 ) , will be led by marine geophysicist Professor Roger Searle , from Durham University .
Dr Bramley Murton , from the National Oceanography Centre , Southampton , is the third expert taking part .
They will set sail from Tenerife on Monday and return in April .
The team intends to use sonar to build up an image of the seafloor and then take rock cores using a robotic seabed drill developed by the British Geological Survey in conjunction with Dr MacLeod .
The progress of the voyage can be followed online .
The Man Who Writes Love Letters A Day with Saigon 's Last Public Letter Writer
A polyglot public letter writer in Ho Chi Minh City bridges different worlds -- connecting people across the planet with his fountain pen .
His profession may be dying , but in his 60 years on the job , he has created many marriages .
The Loneliest Phone Booth Makes its Final Disconnection By Lara Hartley , Desert Dispatch ( Barstow , CA )
Reprinted by permission CIMA DOME - E.T. can't phone home from the middle of the Mojave National Preserve and neither can anyone else who wants to use the loneliest phone booth in the world .
The famous telephone booth in the center of the Mojave National Preserve was unceremoniously hauled away Wednesday morning .
Mary Martin , superintendent of the preserve , declined comment on the phone 's disappearance and referred inquiries to Pacific Bell .
Pacific Bell spokesman Steve Getzug said the phone was removed " as a result of a mutual agreement with the National Park Service , " but would not say who started the talks to remove the telephone which had been maintained by the company for years .
In 1998 Pacific Bell spokesman Steve Allen said , " Though the initial installation date is not known , the Pacific Bell pay phone on Aiken Mine Road has been there for several decades .
It was put there originally as a policy station , a California program that mandates phone installation for the safety , health and welfare of residents in remote locations . "
But Friday , a joint press release from the National Park Service and Pacific Bell stated , " After weighing the environmental concerns and public need , Pacific Bell and the National Park Service agreed to remove a pay phone located in a remote pocket of the Mojave National Preserve .
While the phone and its location proved to be a novelty for some in recent months , the increased public traffic had a negative impact on the desert environment in the nation 's newest national park . "
The owners of the nearby Cima Cinder Mine , Lorene Caffee and her husband Terry , were outspoken about the removal .
" It stinks .
There is absolutely no reason for it .
Is n't that what a park is for - for people to visit ? "
Lorene Caffee said .
" They do n't want people out here unless they can control them , " Terry Caffee said .
Lorene said , " The park service should not be allowed to do this - it 's not right . "
Preserve visitors Gerald Zettel and James Wielenga were disappointed when they arrived Friday afternoon and found nothing but a cement pad .
" They 've already shut down half the desert out here and now they are taking down the landmarks , " Zettel said .
In recent months , the booth attained cult status through Internet sites and media attention , including a television piece by Tom Brokaw .
Phone calls to the booth Friday night went unanswered .
Phone Booth By Merrill McCarty , Desert Dispatch ( Barstow , CA )
Reprinted by permission
The removal of the famed isolated phone booth in the East Mojave Desert last week makes the point clear National parks are not about people and should n’t be forced into an area where people live and work .
Officially , of course , the 1.5 - million - acre Mojave National Preserve is not a park .
It ’s a compromise that was created in 1994 after years of lobbying by environmental groups .
The area , roughly between Interstates 15 and 40 east of Baker , includes precious natural features , wildlife , and prehistoric and historic sites .
Mines , cattle ranches , homes and other private property are scattered all through it .
The difficulty of making that enormous , varied region into a national park is obvious , so the preserve was created — administered by the National Park Service but with some pre-existing uses allowed to continue .
The compromise has n’t really made anyone happy .
Environmental groups wo n’t be content until the whole region is a true park , with the residents gone , commercial uses extinguished and access restricted .
The people who live and work there are feeling more and more restricted , under pressure to sell out and leave .
The telephone booth was a remnant of the past .
It was installed at the junction of two desert dirt roads southeast of Baker “ decades ago , ” as closely as anyone can figure , as part of a program to provide telephone service to sparsely populated rural areas .
As late as 1998 a Pacific Bell spokesman spoke of the need for the phone and the company ’s commitment to maintaining it there .
However , while the phone booth has long been a topic of conversation , it has recently gained more notoriety and was receiving more visitors .
It was one of those little oddities that fascinate people , standing alone in the desert miles from the nearest habitation .
The increased traffic apparently irked the Park Service and last week Pacific Bell removed the booth .
Neither the NPS nor the telephone company will offer much explanation except to say visitors were causing environmental damage .
That was an important consideration for decades , but not now .
Yet this phone was sitting at a traveled crossroads where people have been stopping for decades .
It ’s hard to imagine how a few more visitors would make much difference and many observers say there were no problems .
The fact the phone really was useful to some people who live in the area does n’t matter anymore .
It ’s ironic that the Mojave National Preserve was touted as a great tourist attraction back when it was established , but something that attracted tourists was deemed offensive and unceremoniously removed .
It seems it was the wrong kind of tourist attraction — manmade rather than natural — and parks are n’t really about visitors anyway .
They ’re about preservation , and a push is on to restrict park visitation in many places .
The quaint little lonely telephone booth , amusing and harmless yet useful , was a casualty of the war being fought over access to public lands .
« Naked Conversations on a Bus | Main |
It 's the [ ? ] , stupid ! »
Death by risk - aversion
Memo to Microsoft : you 've got people doing some amazing things over there .
If you could just get the hell out of the way , the world might change for the better .
Risk - aversion is the single biggest innovation killer , and of course it's not just Microsoft that 's been infected .
Taking risks is ... risky .
But if not taking risks is even riskier , then WTF ?
Sure the big companies have it bad and may fall the hardest if they do n't get a clue and a cure , but none of us is immune .
You see the safe path everywhere .
Today at lunch I had one of those conversations with a co-author about the cover of the next Head First book , and there I was suggesting a " safer " cover model than the one he wanted ( complete with all the logical reasons why people could complain about his choice ) .
I still can't believe the words that were coming out of my mouth .
Blogging has not made this easier ... if anything , the idea that a gazillion bloggers and commenters ( or even ONE loud one ) will seize any opportunity to find fault with your ideas and attempts can dampen one 's willingness to be brave .
So here 's my quarterly reminder to all ( me included ) that if you 're not doing something that someone hates , it 's probably mediocre .
But back to Microsoft ... as I said in my previous post , Robert Scoble kept using the phrase " risk - averse " when defining some of Microsoft 's problems .
And I heard the same thing from Liz Lawley , who has been fascinated by the disconnect between the wonderful ideas MS employees have for products and services , and the final products and services released to the public .
Somehow , according to Liz , fear steps in between those two points .
But whose fear ?
The metaphor Liz used ( she got from someone else ) was that many of the " leaf nodes " ( what Microsoft and Sun and others refer to as " individual contributors " ) tend to be innovative and brave , but many of the " branches " ( i.e. layers of management ) can't stomach the risks .
In their ( admirable ) desire to be strong and stable , the " branches " put safety above all else .
What kind of safety ?
Sometimes managers are putting the best interests of the company first .
That 's great -- they 're often more experienced and have a better grasp of the bigger context .
But ( and it 's a really big but ) sometimes they 're just worried about their own damn job .
In other words , the leaf node / individual contributors often think about the effect of their work on users , while the mid-level managers often think about the effect of their work on their job .
And whose fault is that ?
All those layers of bosses .
Even one risk - averse boss in the chain - of - command can do major damage to innovation , spirt , motivation , etc .
So add one more skill to our career advice for young people : be willing to take risks !
Perhaps more importantly , be willing to tolerate ( and perhaps even encourage ) risk - taking in those who are managed by you .
Of course I realize that this is much easier said than done .
I was a " leaf node " at Sun , and a zillion other places before that .
I 've even done a little time as a " branch " ( and I sucked at it ) .
But can anything be done about all the spirit - squashing risk - aversion ?
Recognition is the first step .
Unfortunately , those who recognize it tend to be the leaf nodes -- the ones with the power to create and implement the ideas , but very little power to authorize them .
Those with the most potential to create change are the branches .
The Managers With a Clue .
I had one of those at Sun -- Jari Paukku , now a " Senior Change Management Specialist " for Nokia in Finland .
He knew how to walk that fiber - thin line between keeping those above him happy while keeping those below him from losing passion .
He knew how to pick his battles , and believed in doing the right thing for both customers and his team .
But he also knew that getting himself fired would n't do his " leaf nodes " ( like me ) any good , so he did n't let us run wild with every cool idea that popped into our heads .
If the idea had value , though , and was the right thing for customers , he would help us figure out a way ( even if it was through a sneaky back door ) to make it happen , or at least plant the seeds of possibility .
I do have a few general tips for dealing with risk - aversion :
Regularly review your sacred cows
Regularly review the assumptions behind all your decisions
Are those assumptions still valid ?
Practice LETTING GO
Here 's where the Buddhists have an edge .
Too many of us hold on to practices or ideas ( including sacred cows ) long past their sell - by date .
If it does n't serve us any longer , it 's time to give it up no matter how well it served us in the past .
Of course , " letting go " means temporarily experiencing that painful , awkward , " I suck " stage again .
But pro athletes do it if they want to break through plateus .
Go players do it to move up in ranks .
Musicians let go of habits and styles .
Programmers do it ( waterfall anyone ? ) .
Writers do it .
Anyone who has switched from skiing to snowboarding ( or switched from regular to " goofy foot " ) has learned to let go .
Stewart and Caterina did it when they let go of their product being strictly a game , and allowed it become Flickr .
O'Reilly did it when they let go of technical books being strictly about text ( or for that matter , that books were strictly about print . )
Easy and familiar is safe , but often comes with built - in , unscalable walls .
You can't get there from here .
Push the boundaries strategically , one - by - one
Whether you 're a leaf or a branch , pick your battles carefully , one poke at a time .
Better to live another day to keep fighting the good fight then , say , being fired for trying to do it all at once .
Use blogs to build support within the company
The collective power of all those Microsoft employee bloggers is helping ( one small step at a time ) build support for the leaf nodes , and the braver branches who manage them .
( And yes , this particular tip was Robert Scoble 's advice to other Microsofters fighting risk - aversion ) .
If all else fails and the culture of risk - aversion is stealing your soul , consider going into " short - timer " mode .
This was my path at Sun , and the one I recommend when you 're dangerously close to losing heart .
You 'll probably be fired , but at least you can do some good on the way out by making a lot of noise .
And you never know what will happen later ... today , just a few years after my most ungraceful Sun exit , I not only contract with Sun in several key areas ( including leading the development on most of their programmer / developer certification exams ) , but I 'm also a founding member of Sun 's Java Champions ( I know , lame name , what 's with the " champs / champions " thing and tech companies ? ) program .
I find myself in conference calls with departments that still house a few folks who desperately wish I 'd switched to .
NET ; )
Keep reminding yourself that life is short !
One of the benefits of having a scary illness or major loss is that it reminds you of just how much time is ticking away , and that you always have options to make changes .
If you have a great idea , what do you risk by not persuing it ?
Will you have more regrets if you try and fail than if you do n't try at all ?
Some of the best and biggest ideas happen within the scope of large companies , but some of the most world - changing happen ... elsewhere .
Posted by Kathy on January 30 , 2006 | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451b44369e200d8345ae5f869e2
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Death by risk - aversion :
» Courage and Aversion from 2 Weeks2 aBreakthrough
Here are a couple posts that resonate with me and impact my ability to create breakthroughs .
First , this cool post from Kathy at Creating Passionate Users called , Death by Risk Aversion .
Very interesting and true .
How often do our potential [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 30 , 2006 7:48:33 PM
» Advice for the risk - adverse from Face2 Face Meetingsnet
Is your organization stuck in a rut , holding the same conference year after year , on the same topics , delivered via talking heads and PowerPoint , in a location chosen because your leaders like to golf there ?
As Jeff Jarvis says , it 's time to shake up t... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 31 , 2006 9:34:55 AM
» Corporate agony from vowe dot net
Boris Veldhuijzen van Zanten writes about the acquisition of Flickr and de.licio.us by Yahoo .
His theory :
The truth is , I think , that Yahoo bought ' Entrepreneurial Spirit ' .
Ok , these small companies also have some technology , a few members , a little re ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 31 , 2006 3:37:28 PM
» Bli prenumerant from mymarkup.net
Förvisso kraschar den rejält när man försöker använda RSS - funktionerna ( för mig i alla fall ) , men det är intressant att se ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 31 , 2006 3:45:39 PM
» Do n’t let them suck the life out of you !
from benpoole.com
...
This kind of stuff is crazy , and depressingly wide - spread ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 31 , 2006 4:11:29 PM
» We 're All Gonna Die ! from Spire Security Viewpoint
Kathy Sierra has a good post on risk aversion .
Worth reading for security professionals .
( He says , in his dispassionate , risk averse voice , as he waits to die ) .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 31 , 2006 9:05:40 PM
» Stowe Boyd , Individuals and Groups from 卦
For some reason , I had n't known about Stowe Boyd 's Corante column until someone in my Bloglines feeds ( I forget who ) pointed to his piece on The Individual Is The New Group , which has got me thinking .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 31 , 2006 10:59:54 PM
» This is exactly where I am at ... from when setup is n't just xcopy
Imagine a blog entry where I identify with Kathy Sierra 's " Death by risk aversion " blog entry .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 1 , 2006 3:37:54 AM
» Death by risk - aversion from Basics of Business Blogging
Death by risk - aversion is the latest post on Creating Passionate Users , one of my all time favourite blogs .
This is a must read post for entrepreneurs , middle managers and CEOs .
The title of the post really says it all – those that play it safe a ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 1 , 2006 7:34:48 AM
» When It 's Time to Reinvent the Wheel from Development Budoka
In the world of development , it seems as if the wheel is reinvented all the time .
How can anything get done if we are finding new ways to solve old problems ?
After all shouldnt we be looking to solve new problems ?
To a large part I would agree w [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 1 , 2006 7:49:52 AM
» Death by Risk Aversion from @ HouseValues
But the world changes .
Your customers change .
Your competitors change ( or new competitors emerge ) .
If you 're sticking with what 's always worked , from a product or a marketing sense , you 'll soon find yourself behind the curve ( and likely behind your c... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 1 , 2006 5:51:25 PM
» Be afraid of mediocrity - do n't be afraid of change .
from 卦
You know , the Kathy Sierra article that I linked to yesterday , Death by risk aversion just wo n't get out of my head , because it touches a couple of issues that have been bothering me lately , and gives me some encouragement .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 1 , 2006 7:39:20 PM
» Death by risk aversion from Addicted to Digital Media
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 1 , 2006 10:30:26 PM
» Read this article about risk aversion from Peter T Davis 's Small Business Blog
Read this article about risk aversion .
Using Microsoft as an example , it 's a great point of view on the subject .
I 've never seen a blogger do so well with illustrations also .
Worth a few minutes to look it over .... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 1 , 2006 11:23:38 PM
» не рисковать слишком рискованно from developers.org.ua
О том , что избегать некоторые риски себе дороже .
... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 2 , 2006 3:47:08 AM
» Go Read Creating Passionate Users from Blobservations
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 2 , 2006 3:55:21 AM
» Long Tail Wind from Copyblogger
I do n’t believe I ’ve ever seen the main theme of a business book gain such huge traction – before the book is even released – than The Long Tail by Wired editor - in - chief Chris Anderson .
In case you ’ve not caught this hugely prevalent meme , I ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 2 , 2006 7:46:05 AM
» Death by Risk Aversion from Smarter Stuff
Kathy Sierra does it again - writing a brilliant post that speaks to the heart of living a fully - expressed life .
Life is short .
From time to time , I remember that a lot of people got up on September 11 , 2001 [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 2 , 2006 10:06:50 AM
» Fear of Change from CommerceConnect - Interactive Marketing Services : Email - Search - Blogs
I had a tough sales week .
It 's only Thursday , but I may have to retreat , regroup and begin again Monday .
Some of things I heard this week :
We want to start slow ...
We do n't have a lot of money , so [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 2 , 2006 12:22:14 PM
» Fear of Change from CommerceConnect - Interactive Marketing Services : Email - Search - Blogs
I had a tough sales week .
It 's only Thursday , but I may have to retreat , regroup and begin again Monday .
Some of things I heard this week :
We want to start slow ...
We do n't have a lot of money , so [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 2 , 2006 12:26:50 PM
» Creating Passionate Users from Caddickisms
Creating Passionate Users Risk aversion can take a good idea and make it useless .
And risk aversion is rampant in corporations .
Thats one of the points in Kathys post .
Its a long post , and its late , so Im not going ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 2 , 2006 10:52:27 PM
» More People Underwhelmed by RSS Support in IE 7 from Dare Obasanjo aka Carnage4Life
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 3 , 2006 5:42:35 AM
» risk aversion and WOW .
from elizabeth grigg
I found this post by Kathy Sierra via Robert .
Some comments : * I have been told , that I do not possess the gift to get along with everyone and every type of personality .
I am in the process of proving ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 4 , 2006 4:26:50 PM
» Death by riskaversion from Business by Design
Kathy Sierra at Creating Passionate Users has a good reminder to us all .
Riskaversion is a malady that plague most big companies , and not only hampers business but also drains the company of ideas , passion and knowhow .
Even in our private liv ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 5 , 2006 11:49:37 PM
» Death by Risk - Aversion from Radio Marketing Nexus
Career advice : Take a risk .
Regularly review your sacred cows Regularly review the assumptions behind all your decisions
Are those assumptions still valid ?
Practice LETTING GO .
Great article - more here .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 6 , 2006 7:11:39 AM
» Good Links from Last Week from A Shareware Life
The Obligatory Blog has a weekly link summary of the best MicroISV links of the week .
There 's some good stuff there this week that I meant to link to but did n't get to it .
Here are the best ones : Creating [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 6 , 2006 8:52:30 AM
» Catching up on Reading from John Cox
I have been traveling more than I really care to admit this year ( 19 out of a possible 22 work nights in a hotel ) and have been missing some very good reading of late .
I bookmarked an article quite some time ago from [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 6 , 2006 6:22:47 PM
» When Committees Suck the Life Out of Great Ideas from Jeremy Zawodny 's blog
A few days ago , I saw a nice graphic on the Creating Passionate Users blog which was intended to illustrate Death by risk - aversion : I contend that you can make a very similar graphic to illustrate what happens when too many people get involved in desig ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 7 , 2006 10:31:04 PM
» Job seeking death by risk aversion from Job Secrets Revealed weblog
One of my favorite blogs about software design and usability has a post about risk aversion and how it kills innovation .
I couldnt agree more .
Risk aversion kills everything neat , cool , new or interesting in any field or endeavour and to quote ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 11 , 2006 7:23:52 PM
» The Path to Mediocrity from urwhatu
Highly recommended quick reading : Death by Risk Aversion .
Collins says something similar in " Built to Last " about betting the farm every so often , using Boeing as an example .
Clayton Christensen says almost exactly this in his book " The Innovator 's Dil ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 13 , 2006 12:19:08 PM
» David Hunter on Office Live from Dare Obasanjo aka Carnage4Life
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 15 , 2006 11:05:45 AM
» paved paradise : the future of ( a particular type of ) research library ?
from Science Library Pad
In all references to library below , I am talking ONLY about a library that serves solely a research community in the anti-social :) sciences : physics , chemistry , computer science , nanotechnology , biotechnology , genetics , astrophysics , ... I think you g... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 15 , 2006 7:29:55 PM
» How To Suck and Still Be On Top from Life Coaches Blog
Ahem , disregarding the highly suggestive title of this post
Im going to tell you how to suck and still be on topin a personal development sort of way .
Only . ;)
I got this idea from reading Death by risk - aversion on the always g... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 16 , 2006 10:10:26 AM
» Death by Risk Aversion : Hudson's Bay Company from Science Library Pad
Of course , it 's easy to see these things in retrospect , but in any case , Peter C. Newman presents his position that the HBC experienced Death by Risk Aversion in his article Hudson 's Bay , USAThe tragic fact is that , despite the [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 21 , 2006 9:33:34 AM
» Cast aside fear : do great work from Donor Power Blog
Here 's a fine post in the Creating Passionate Users Blog ( software - oriented ) : Death by risk - aversion .
Risk - aversion is the single biggest innovation killer .
. . . . if you 're not doing something that someone hates , it 's probably mediocre .
Attention non ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 1 , 2006 9:49:09 AM
» Leaf , Branch or Trunk -
Which one are you ?
from YahBlog - Explore with new eyes
How often have you experienced this ?
Interesting metaphor that many of the " leaf nodes " ( whatsome ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 17 , 2006 2:59:16 PM
» Risk Aversion or Death Aversion ?
from
Kathy Sierra has written a powerful post that has rippled its way through the blogosphere .
You should read her post on Death by Risk Aversion .
Kathy makes a great point , but Im not sure she goes far enough .
If you take it a step further , you w ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 22 , 2006 12:29:46 PM
» Death by Risk - Aversion from Redeye VC
Just read a wonderful blog post by Kathy Sierra : ... So add one more skill to our career advice for young people : be willing to take risks !
Perhaps more importantly , be willing to tolerate ( and perhaps even encourage ) risk - taking in those who [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 28 , 2006 6:20:46 PM
» Revelatory Words and Images from Marqui's World
I was in the middle of another , completely different blog post this morning ( which I 'll continue to write , but not publish quite yet ) when I was completely derailed by reading somefabulous blog posts .
I do n't take nearly enough time to just ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 30 , 2006 12:02:31 PM
» Corporate Blogging - Part III from RickMahn.com
You know , I never intended to have more than a follow - up to this topic ( How can I encourage corporate blogging ?
on my old blog , and Corporate Blogging - Part II ) , but it has become a topic of interest to me .
There are times at work when I believe tha ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Apr 18 , 2006 9:52:53 PM
» Seen Around the Web - April 30 , 2006 from Michael on High - Tech Product Management & Marketing
I was planning to write a new article this weekend , but got swamped with the day job .
Ahhh ... life at a startup in Silicon Valley ! :)
Never one to leave my faithful readers empty handed (! ) - I decided to ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on May 1 , 2006 12:55:23 AM
» Gettin' ETech Support from ETech@Work
Before we even start talking about ETech and Trends ( ETT ) , I thought it might be worth thinking a bit about ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on May 2 , 2006 11:00:09 AM
» Death by risk aversion from Addicted to Digital Media
Anyone working in company of any size should readthis article .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Aug 6 , 2006 10:50:57 AM
» The root of Risk aversion from Rapidly Impact Millions
I found the analogy between idea and execution in this post Death by risk aversion very fascinating .
In the case of Microsoft , the author of the blog has likened the individual contributors in MS to leaves and the management to the branches .
Taking t... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 2 , 2006 10:35:27 AM
» The best blog posts of 2006 from destraynor
Now that work is winding down for Christmas , you might have some spare time to browse the net aimlessly .
Well , I 've provided some targets for you all ...
The following is a list of posts that struck a chord with me , either through my head or my heart .
Rec [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 19 , 2006 6:38:29 PM
» Surveys and Mediocracy from Karmic Justice
In January , Kathy Sierra wrote a blog entry talking about how companies fail by choosing not to innovate .
The supposition is that companies that are overly risk - adverse eventually fail .
Though the article wasnt necessarily groundbreaking , there ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 25 , 2006 7:52:50 PM
» Innovation = Success = Mediocrity ( ? ) from flow /
Is it inevitable that the larger a company gets , the less innovative it becomes ?
Large companies mean more employees , and more employees ultimately mean someone , somewhere in the chain of decision making will take the safe path in order to stay ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 20 , 2007 8:40:59 AM
Comments
Kathy , this is an AWESOME article .
You 've done a great job here .
I especially love the use of visual thinking via the graphics .
It really tied the piece together expertly !
Posted by : Chris Brogan ... | Jan 30 , 2006 5:59:06 PM
Kathy , nice to see you back " on your horse " .
This is the why i'm subscribed to CPU .
Awesome article .
I 'm saving this one to del.icio.us for later reading , im done reading this post , but it 's not done with me !
Posted by : Jared Teems | Jan 30 , 2006 6:29:18 PM
Oh , this is awesome !
Posted by : Robert Scoble | Jan 30 , 2006 7:52:44 PM
Hi Kathy - for some reason your last two entries have n't shown up in my rss reader .
I even re-added the feed to see if that was the problem ... nope .
Any ideas ?
I thought you had n't written anything for ages ( lucky for you , well me actually , Scoble was on the case :) )
Posted by : RodeoClown | Jan 30 , 2006 8:27:52 PM
Kathy ,
Love the short - timer dig at the end .
I 've actually seen this happen a lot , to myself and coworkers .
I have great ideas , the resulting product would kick butt .
But rules , regulations , methodologies , standards , blah , blah , blah just reduce it to pile of smouldering mediocrity or worse .
Sometimes just focusing on the end date and planning the escape route is about all you can do .
Posted by : Larry | Jan 30 , 2006 8:55:56 PM
Not only do we need to take risks BUT we need to embrace failure !
The more often we fail , the closer we are to success .
Risks are minimised if you “ resource and fund ” them .
Take lots of little risks and you increase your chances of success .
It ’s a lot like venture capital funding .
They do n’t bet the farm on one BIG idea but fund 100’s , knowing that you need that many bets to win with the next eBay or Google .
I built a small software system that is free and you can follow my web site link to get it plus some audios and a transcript on this topic .
No charge .
Posted by : Monte Huebsch | Jan 31 , 2006 12:24:18 AM
WONDERFUL post .
Loved the graphics too .
Only feedback I 'd add : Advising people to use wins ( of whatever kind , but actual shipping profitable products are best ) as collateral to borrow against future ' toe stepping ' within that risk - averse management chain .
People can argue against risk , but they have a harder time arguing with known rain - makers .
Posted by : Kim Pallister | Jan 31 , 2006 1:16:29 AM
Great post , Kathy !
It feels like you were speaking out of my mind .
We have just re-launched out our new site Lovento.com and it was an awful lot of work to get where we are now , without getting a single dollar income for it so far .
We have done all this in our free time and passionately believe that it will be useful for a lot of people .
It takes a great amount of courage to sacrifice a large time of your life , if you do n't know if it will be a great success or a great flop ( not thinking about the zone of mediocrity here ) , but if you do n't pursue it you will never find out ..
Posted by : marco sanchez | Jan 31 , 2006 1:39:24 AM
“ If you want creative workers , give them enough time to play . ”
- John Cleese
Great idea .
I speak to groups about the TAO of Creativity .
It is an acrostic for :
T - hinking thoughts – removing filters we impose ourselves .
“ I ’m not an idea person . ” “ Someone else has already thought of it . ”
“ They ( whoever they are ) wo n’t like it . ”
A - dvancing thoughts – moving thoughts forward means experimentation , prototyping , etc . Fear of the retribution / fallout for failure kills this .
This where management must have a “ make mistakes and then fix them ” perspective .
Give people the ownership ( cheesy word but accurate ) of their project .
Do n’t jump in at every sign of a problem but be willing to be a resource for your employees .
O -rganizing thoughts – this comes down to some of the strategies and tools for sharing ideas , tracking methodologies .
The myth of the creative genius living un - tethered , without any controls of life , art , or project is silly and dangerous .
Tools to organize , share , and track development can help great ideas come to fruition more quickly .
Matthew Moran
The IT Career Builder 's Toolkit
http://www.cbtoolkit.com
Posted by : Matthew Moran | Jan 31 , 2006 5:14:40 AM
As an e-marketing rookie I find this article really awsome !
Here in Poland where I work I think it 's even harder to convince " branches " or Customers to take a risk and leave the competitors behind .
Thans for many useful hints ...
Great job !
Posted by : Pawel Stempniak | Jan 31 , 2006 7:51:53 AM
Great piece , it seems to me that when you have time you also need to focus a bit on how to incent people to take risks , and what the rewards are or should be .
As you may recall , I urged the Search team to take some more risks too !
One of my favorite quotes is , " Lead , follow , or get out of the way ! "
Thomas Paine
Posted by : Buzz Bruggeman | Jan 31 , 2006 7:59:32 AM
This is funnier than hell .
See these free books and take the leap :
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/heuristic/
Be an Innovating Machine , scare your colleagues with your superhuman ability to define a problem , out of nowhere ...
Best ,
- R
Posted by : R | Jan 31 , 2006 8:04:26 AM
Fantastic article !
I will recomend it to whole team .
Posted by : TechnoBalance | Jan 31 , 2006 8:36:46 AM
Kathy ,
Good to see you back at the reins of your blog !
I liked the " tree " analogy ( or is it a metaphor , I always get those mixed up ) and I would even take it a couple steps further .
I recently " read " ( on audio CD ) a book called " The Innovators Solution " by Clayton M. Christensen .
In the book , he talks about Disruptive versus Sustaining Innovations and this can extend your tree idea .
Big companies ( if they are any good ) typically build their " tree " or systems around Sustaining innovations .
These are Incremental improvements to existing products in existing markets .
These are easy to see and , to use the analogy , are like the leaves collecting water and sunlight to feed the branches and trunk of the tree .
Disruptive innovations are usually for new markets ( which " the branches " find hard to quantify or understand due to a lack of history in the markets ) and often are for new ( breakthrough ? ) products .
The " Solution " ( as I interpret Clayton 's book ) is to plant the seeds separate from the main tree ( spin them off ? ) and run them differently from the main business .
Clayton 's overall suggestion is that to sustain overall growth you need to be planting seeds and protecting their growth because eventually the main tree is not going to be able to adapt and it will die !
Back to the tree analogy ...
Leaves are workers supporting the operation of the tree .
SEEDS are the innovations or ideas that can be grown into new trees ( businesses ) .
What do you think ?
Good to have you back !
Keep up the good work !
Dave Wheeler
www.theshot92.blogspot.com
Posted by : Dave Wheeler | Jan 31 , 2006 8:52:20 AM
My takeaway from this is " Take the risks that are less risky than the risk you would take by not taking them . "
Three times fast ! - http://www.basilwhite.com
Posted by : Basil White | Jan 31 , 2006 11:11:53 AM
Great writing .
I think a salient point that was made in your article , slightly , and expanded in the comments is to take calculated risks .
One other factor that I have n't seen mentioned though is the benefits of failure !
In addition to " Is it riskier to do this or not do it ? " , ask yourself , " What might we learn by doing this and failing ? " and " What advantages do we gain by doing this and failing ? "
Failure is often better than success because it teaches you the things you wo n't learn once you 've succeed .
Posted by : Bob B | Jan 31 , 2006 11:40:35 AM
No-risk : Having regular good looking chick on the next head - first book .
Risk : Having a chinese or Indian guy on the cover of next head - first book ( since they do represent reasonable number of techies )
Posted by : Kishore dandu | Jan 31 , 2006 12:47:32 PM
Awesome , Kathy .
FWIW , my local experience with being a key part of one sales channel for Microsoft ( in 1997 ) was that the folks in the " branches " ( and " trunk " ) appeared to have their brains wired to ask " if I do this , how would it look to all my peers and their management " .
Even before any other piece of a risk / reward maths .
A few of us from KO - era DEC still live " seek forgiveness , not permission " - and try to instill that in all employees :-)
Ian W .
Posted by : Ian Waring | Jan 31 , 2006 12:52:23 PM
Kathy ,
It 's needless to say that this is a GREAT post - as good as they come - just an irritating little comment ... look at it this way that I read your blog thoroughly - in the fourth line from the bottom , there is a typo the word " pursuing " has been spelled as " persuing " . :-)
Do n't kill me for nitpicking !
But if I had to give ratings ... I give you 5 stars for this post as I 'd give to a lot of your other posts .
Posted by : Harsh | Jan 31 , 2006 1:11:56 PM
Put the top graphic of this article on a T - shirt and I 'll buy 50 of them ... maybe more .
Great stuff !
Posted by : Mike Sansone | Jan 31 , 2006 3:39:53 PM
Good post Kathy !
Liked it a lot .
Most of it resonates with what we do at vtiger for a living .
No risk , no gain .
Recommended reading for all the young ones out there to make quick money !
I realise now that I am living life now by risking it .
Earlier I was one of the survivors not the ' livers ' .
Posted by : richie | Feb 1 , 2006 1:20:09 AM
Scary thing is to see too much mediocrity and herd of ( mediocre ) sheeps huddled together not wanting to explore that huge green expanse .
Remember one thing :
Those who are n't willing to budge , wo n't budge .
Do n't waste your time on them .
But what 's good news is that YOU CAN !
Posted by : Tarry | Feb 1 , 2006 1:40:32 AM
the latest HBR is all about decision - making .
worth a read .
Posted by : betho | Feb 1 , 2006 12:48:42 PM
You state , " ... And whose fault is that ?
All those layers of bosses .
Even one risk - averse boss in the chain - of - command can do major damage to innovation , spirt , motivation , etc . "
It 's easy to blame bosses .
Everyone blames them .
But here 's a refreshingly different look at bosses ... from a systems viewpoint - ' why your boss is programmed to be a dictator ' at www.changethis.com - read it , and you 'll see what I mean !
Until we change the system , nothing 's going to change .
Posted by : Mike | Feb 2 , 2006 3:21:46 AM
Great piece , this ties in nicely with what my entire company is trying to do .
I actually have a boss who does n't just give lip service to these ideas he instigates them and pushes them through .
So he turns your tree uspide down .
At the moment our leaves are having the problem !!!
We sort it though , and your article will be a big help .
Posted by : Richard Michie | Feb 2 , 2006 3:29:53 AM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Heather Mills McCartney is refusing to let step - daughter Stella McCartney see her half sister Beatrice .
The former model , who split from Stella 's father Sir Paul McCartney in May , is even threatening to apply for a court order to ban Stella from visiting the two - year - old .
Heather is reportedly furious after a hearing a taped phone conversation where the fashion designer called her a " liar " and dismissed her charity work .
A source told Britain 's Sunday Mirror newspaper : " Heather and Stella are at war .
It is as simple as that .
The pair have disliked each other for years but always put on a brave public face for Paul 's sake .
Heather does not want Bea to see Stella ever again .
"
In the recorded conversation , Stella told her father she thought Heather had lied about her past and believes the claims her step - mother was once a high - class prostitute .
She is also said to have launched a bitter attack on Heather 's anti-landmine campaigning and anti-fur protests .
Paul reportedly went " white as a sheet " when Heather played the explosive tape to him two weeks ago .
He is said to be devastated by the thought of never being able to see his two daughters at the same time .
Stella has been a constant source of comfort to her father since his split from Heather and he loves spending time with her .
A source said : " He adores Stella and has been relying on her .
Bea is his baby girl and she means the world to him . "
Stella and Beatrice last saw each other at Paul 's 64th birthday party last month .
A compound found in blueberries shows promise of preventing colon cancer in animals , according to a joint study by scientists at Rutgers University and the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
The compound , pterostilbene , is a potent antioxidant that could be developed into a pill with the potential for fewer side effects than some commercial drugs that are currently used to prevent the disease .
Colon cancer is considered the second leading cause of cancer death in the United States , the researchers say .
While recent studies have identified a growing number of antioxidants in fruits , vegetables and whole grains that show potential for fighting colon cancer , this is believed to be the first study to demonstrate the cancer - fighting potential of pterostilbene against the disease , the scientists say .
Their findings were described today at the 233rd national meeting of the American Chemical Society .
March is National Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month .
“ This study underscores the need to include more berries in the diet , especially blueberries , ” says study leader Bandaru Reddy , Ph.D. , a professor in the Department of Chemical Biology at Rutgers in Piscataway , N.J.
Although the blueberry compound wo n’t cure colon cancer , it represents a potential new and attractive strategy for preventing the disease naturally , says Reddy , a leading expert on nutritional factors that influence colon cancer development .
Along with scientists Nanjoo Suh , also of Rutgers , and Agnes Rimando of the USDA ’s Agricultural Research Service ( ARS ) , Reddy and his associates conducted a small pilot study to determine the effect of pterostilbene on colon cancer .
The study included 18 rats that were given a compound ( azoxymethane ) to induce colon cancer in a manner similar to human colon cancer development .
Nine of the animals were then placed on a balanced daily diet , while the other nine were given the same diet supplemented with pterostilbene ( at a level of 40 parts per million ) .
At the end of an eight - week study period , the rats that were fed pterostilbene showed 57 percent fewer pre-cancerous lesions in their colon in comparison to the control group , Reddy and his associates say .
Pterostilbene also reduced colonic cell proliferation and inhibited certain genes involved in inflammation , both of which are considered colon cancer risk factors , the researchers say .
Although researchers still do not know the exact cause of colon cancer , the disease has been linked to a high intake of saturated fats and calories , particularly in Western diets .
Pterostilbene may be able to reverse this process , possibly by lowering lipids , Reddy says .
He cites a recent study by co-author Agnes Rimando , a research chemist at the USDA - ARS , who demonstrated in cell and animal studies that pterostilbene is capable of lowering cholesterol levels .
In a related paper also being presented at the ACS national meeting , Rimando demonstrated that blueberries , particularly their skins , can lower cholesterol when fed to animals ( see AGFD 038 reference below ) .
More studies on the mechanism of action of pterostilbene are needed , the researchers note .
Reddy recently demonstrated that certain COX - 2 inhibitors , anti-inflammatory drugs that are used for pain and arthritis , were capable of preventing colon cancer in animals .
But studies by others have shown that COX - 2 inhibitors also can increase the risk of heart attacks and strokes when used in high doses .
Combining pterostilbene with these COX - 2 drugs could allow them to be used in lower doses , reducing their risk of adverse side effects , Reddy says .
More studies are needed to determine the compound ’s efficacy and potential for toxicity , he notes .
Pterostilbene is an antioxidant that is similar to resveratrol , an antioxidant identified in grapes and red wine that also is recognized for its anticancer properties .
Pterostilbene also is found in grapes , but it is more abundant in blueberries , the researchers say .
In studies by other researchers , blueberries also have shown promise for protecting against memory loss and heart disease .
In general , a diet rich in fruits , vegetables and grain is recommended by health experts for the prevention of colon cancer .
Funding for this study was provided by the National Cancer Institute .
Source : American Chemical Society
How To Run A Beta Test ... Or Not ?
// 13th September 2004 , 10:20 pm
For more news like this :
Join 639 other followers .
I had high hopes for this beta test .
It was a 0.1 upgrade release of a product I 'd been selling for 3 years .
Most of the bugs had already been squashed , so I intended to spend most of my time surveying testers and soliciting ideas for improvements .
I thought I could build word - of - mouth by using a large beta testing team .
The expectation was that this would be a very quick and simple beta .
Oh man .
How wrong could I have been ?
Several aspects of the test went okay .
But I decided to make changes to how I run my beta tests , and that resulted in problems .
These are some lessons I learned from the latest test .
Build a huge database of beta candidates
One of the things namesuppressed has always done right is build a database of beta testing candidates .
It tracks contact info , demographic data , hardware and software , and other metadata .
I 'm glad for that - it 's clear you need a lot of candidates just to find a good testing team to choose from .
Asking candidates to complete an application form also helps to weed out testers who are only interested in freebies .
35 % of candidates in the database were deemed ineligible for the test .
Eligibility criteria included compatible software / hardware , a history of answering emails , and a history of providing feedback .
That left 65 % of the database to choose from .
Of the invitations I sent to potential candidates :
22 % of the emails sent to candidates bounced
2.5 % of candidates declined the invitation
Only 40 % of invitations sent resulted in acceptances
The rest ( more than 35 % ) never replied .
Never roll your own if you do n't have to
I decided to use the free mailing list software provided by my webhost , even though it had some drawbacks .
I thought I could overcome the drawbacks by writing my own software to compensate for them .
In fact , I already sell software that does this .
I thought I 'd make a couple of modifications to the program I sell and all would be fine ....
Uh , no .
The extra software & modifications I wrote caused major problems .
People started getting two copies of every email , it messed with HTML emails , and even modified them in ways that triggered spam filters .
Hotmail users never received any emails until the problem was fixed - and then they were surprised by a sudden flood of messages .
Fixing those problems was one of the most stressful parts of the whole beta .
I should have just started a free discussion group on Yahoo Groups , or purchased an account with Topica .
Both are proven solutions .
By writing my own software , I wasted a lot of time that could have been better spent .
But on the bright side , I fixed some bugs in my own software .
Make your testers opt - in themselves
Before the test began , I asked all testers personally if they would like to join an email discussion group for the beta test .
Amazingly , everyone agreed - even I had n't expected that .
However , it soon deteriorated .
As soon as the test began , some testers unsubscribed from the list straight away .
More testers complained later and unsubscribed ( or asked to be unsubscribed ) .
About 10 % of beta testers unsubscribed as soon as the test began
Another 10 % asked to unsubscribe during the test
Some testers could n't find the unsubscribe link
A problem was that some testers did n't recognize the emails when they first started receiving them .
Even though the list was " confirmed opt - in " ( we had written confirmation from each testers email address ) , it would be better if testers had performed some action to opt - in ( eg clicking a weblink ) .
This would help them realize they were joining an email list .
Also , explaining how to identify the emails may be helpful ( eg " The subject line of all beta test emails will begin with [ betatest ] " or something similar ) .
Expect the unforeseen
It 's very rare for a beta test to go exactly as you plan .
The whole idea of a beta test is to locate problems you could n't find yourself .
That approach needs to be applied to the beta testing process too .
About 10 % of testers had personal issues that restricted their ability to test .
Expect the beta test to take about twice as long as planned ... so if you think you can get through with just 40 hours work , expect to take 80 hours instead .
Organize several beta testing groups
Anyone who has run beta tests before will know that it can be hard to keep enthusiasm up for the duration of the testing period .
The best way to curb this is to bring in new groups of testers at regular intervals ( every second beta ) .
I did n't have enough candidates to try that this time .
However , it means I can show you a graph of enthusiasm levels by measuring the frequency of messages throughout the testing period :
Notice that enthusiasm is highest at the very start , and is maintained for about a week .
It is renewed slightly for the second beta , but does n't last much further than that .
This is not a criticism of the beta testers in any way , it 's just something to be expected .
Be exceptionally clear about expectations and etiquette
Our testers were confused about the purpose of our beta - tester email list .
Here 's what some of them thought it was for :
Announcements
Only : Some testers thought the list would only include announcements of new beta downloads .
We explained in the beta invitations that it was a discussion group they could participate in , but apparently it was n't clear to everyone .
Bug Reports
Only : Some testers thought the list was for making bug reports only .
They thought that telling everyone the bugs would reduce duplicate bug reports .
It 's a nice idea , but when you have hundreds of messages it 's difficult for everyone to keep track .
You either get lots of duplicate reports anyway , or lots of people who do n't report their bugs because " someone else probably found that bug already " .
Socializing : Lots of testers thought the list was so they could talk to other testers about anything they wanted .
Actually , we encouraged this idea , thinking it would make testers feel comfortable .
It did n't quite work - some felt comfortable , others felt alienated .
Tutorials : some testers thought the purpose was to share images created using the program we were testing , and teach others how to create those images .
I had n't anticipated that , and it was too late to accommodate it .
Tutorial lists involve lots of large attachments , and group members with dialup connections or small email in - boxes could n't handle it .
Also , some people like tutorial lists while other people really dislike them , causing a rift in the beta group .
So , what was our list really meant to be ?
A combination of the above - we announced all new betas on the list , expected bugs to be reported to the list , and expected some off topic chat ... even the occasional picture post .
But we did n't make this clear in our initial beta test invitations , so no one knew what to expect or what the boundaries were .
I guess that 's because we did n't know where to set the boundaries either .
Manage Conflicts Within The Testing Group
On the surface , everything was fine - the test group seemed friendly , very active and quite productive .
Behind the scenes , things were falling apart .
I received angry and upset emails from people who were frustrated by the volume of emails , frustrated at levels of " off topic " discussion , people who felt shy or intimidated by others testers , and even people who just did n't get on with the other testers .
Some statistics :
66 % of beta testers had some kind of negative experience .
33 % of beta testers said they felt intimidated .
25 % said they felt anger during the beta test .
I 'm not sure what I needed to do to fix this .
Certainly I needed a better understanding of how to manage virtual communities , and how to develop a stable culture within the group .
Perhaps I needed to set up two communities with different rules .
Take a final beta test survey
I was disappointed with the lack of response to my final beta tester survey .
Testers were told that completing the survey was a necessary part of testing , even in the beta invitations we sent .
However , we got a low survey response rate :
36 % responded to the first survey request
Another 18 % responded when we sent a reminder .
Overall , just 55 % responded to the final survey
The surveys are extremely important .
They provide measurable feedback on pricing , product features and general opinions of the product .
We use the data to calculate maximal profit curves and select features to add in later versions .
It 's crucial information , so dropping the surveys is n't an option .
Another reason for the surveys is to elicit feedback from quiet testers .
There are always some testers who never send bug reports or talk on the mailing list .
Many of them will respond to an anonymous web survey though .
The feedback is useful and often brutally honest - exactly what you want .
So , how to increase the response rate ? :
Explain that completing the survey is required .
You need to use the word " required " and make it stand out .
Some testers told me that they'd thought the survey was optional .
You need to use the word " required " and make it stand out .
Some testers told me that they'd thought the survey was optional .
Offer the survey early on .
Perhaps if the surveys are given out when enthusiasm is at its highest , I would have had a better response rate .
As it was , I handed out the surveys during Beta 3 , the time of lowest enthusiasm .
Perhaps if the surveys are given out when enthusiasm is at its highest , I would have had a better response rate .
As it was , I handed out the surveys during Beta 3 , the time of lowest enthusiasm .
Double the number of testers .
I 've had a 50 - 55 % survey rate on at least two beta surveys .
By doubling the number of testers , I hope that I would get twice the number of responses .
I 've had a 50 - 55 % survey rate on at least two beta surveys .
By doubling the number of testers , I hope that I would get twice the number of responses .
Only give an unlocking code once the survey is completed .
That 's probably the best solution , and should at least demonstrate how many testers are interested in the program .
But depending how it 's done , it may compromise the anonymity of the survey , and that may reduce the quality of answers that you get .
In summary : what should we do in future ?
Use proven software solutions .
If you need to use software in your testing , use a pre-written program .
Do n't write your own unless necessary .
You should only be debugging one program in your tests .
If you need to use software in your testing , use a pre-written program .
Do n't write your own unless necessary .
You should only be debugging one program in your tests .
Set clear expectations and boundaries .
Tell testers you expect them to give you feedback , and set a minimum frequency ( eg at least one email a week ) .
Let them know if chit - chat is okay , and how much is acceptable .
Set maximum email attachment sizes & frequency .
List anything else you can think of , and tweak the expectations as you get feedback / complaints from testers .
Tell testers you expect them to give you feedback , and set a minimum frequency ( eg at least one email a week ) .
Let them know if chit - chat is okay , and how much is acceptable .
Set maximum email attachment sizes & frequency .
List anything else you can think of , and tweak the expectations as you get feedback / complaints from testers .
Recruit 10 times as many people as you need .
If you want a database with 30 really good beta testers in it , you 'll need at least 300 people to complete your beta tester application form .
And do n't forget to start a database to keep track of them all .
If you want a database with 30 really good beta testers in it , you 'll need at least 300 people to complete your beta tester application form .
And do n't forget to start a database to keep track of them all .
Invite 6 times as many testers as you need .
Nope , this is n't the same as above ... this is saying that when you choose the beta testers from your database and invite them into your beta team , invite 6 times as many as you need .
If you want 10 survey responses , you should probably invite 60 to test .
This is because only 40 % accept the invitation , 10 % have unforeseen problems , another 80 % of that continue participating , and 50 % of that provide feedback .... you need to cover all these .
Nope , this is n't the same as above ... this is saying that when you choose the beta testers from your database and invite them into your beta team , invite 6 times as many as you need .
If you want 10 survey responses , you should probably invite 60 to test .
This is because only 40 % accept the invitation , 10 % have unforeseen problems , another 80 % of that continue participating , and 50 % of that provide feedback .... you need to cover all these .
Keep to a fixed schedule .
I planned to release a new beta every 7 days , and judging from the enthusiasm graph this would have been ideal .
2 week intervals would have been too long .
I planned to release a new beta every 7 days , and judging from the enthusiasm graph this would have been ideal .
2 week intervals would have been too long .
Introduce new testers every second beta .
By the time the 3rd beta came around , everyone was understandably jaded .
By the time the 3rd beta came around , everyone was understandably jaded .
Act when enthusiasm is highest .
Get all the important jobs done very early on when enthusiasm is at its highest .
Get all the important jobs done very early on when enthusiasm is at its highest .
Survey your testers .
It 's better to have some feedback than no feedback at all .
Survey them when you deliver their 2nd beta .
Project Statistics
Name : Softener 1.20 Duration : 4 weeks [ 31 days , 120 hours work ]
Development Platforms : Windows 98SE , Windows XP Professional Release Platforms : Windows
95/98/98SE/ME/2000 /XP
Lines Of Code : 3239 ( Softener = 1661 , nsPSPlugin = 1578 )
Development Tools :
Textpad 4.6.2 , Borland C++ Builder 3 , FilterMeister 0.4.21 , Ghost Installer 3.7 , Ghost Installer 4.1 , PADGen , Resource Hacker , XVI Hex Editor , Microsoft Virtual PC 2004 , MySQL 3.23.44 , MySQL Admin , MySQL Front 2.5 , Beyond Compare 2 , Jasc Paint Shop Pro 7 , Jasc Paint Shop Pro 8 , Jasc Paint Shop Pro 9 Beta , Jasc Paint Shop Pro Studio Beta , Adobe Photoshop 6 Tryout , Adobe Photoshop CS Tryout , Megalux Ultimate FX 1.3 , Microsoft Wordpad , ezmlm , namesuppressed WebScriber , other bespoke namesuppressed software
Related Articles
Scientists find that moms consistently rank the stink of their baby 's " number two " as No. 1 .
In a new study , 13 mothers were asked to sniff soiled diapers belonging to both their own child and others from an unrelated baby .
The women consistently ranked the smell of their own child 's feces as less revolting than that of other babies .
This effect persisted even when the diapers were purposely mislabeled .
One possible explanation is that the mothers were simply more accustomed to their their baby 's stink and therefore found it less repulsive .
A more intriguing possibility , the researchers say , is that the mothers ' reactions are an evolutionary adaptation allowing them to overcome their natural disgust so that they can properly care for their babies .
The study , led by Trevor Case of Macquarie University in Australia , will be detailed in an upcoming issue of the journal Evolution and Human Behavior .
Disgust helps protect us from things that can make us sick , scientists say , but there are circumstances in which the emotion has to be tempered .
The caring of an infant is likely one such instance .
" A mother 's disgust at her baby 's feces has the potential to obstruct her ability to care for her baby and may even affect the strength of the bond she has with her baby , " the researchers write .
The finding is among the latest in a series of studies suggesting that humans can determine biological relatedness through body odor .
Another recent study found that mothers more accurately identify and prefer the smell of their biological children over that of stepchildren .
WASHINGTON , Jan. 7 — Families earning more than $ 1 million a year saw their federal tax rates drop more sharply than any group in the country as a result of President Bush ’s tax cuts , according to a new Congressional study .
The study , by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office , also shows that tax rates for middle - income earners edged up in 2004 , the most recent year for which data was available , while rates for people at the very top continued to decline .
Based on an exhaustive analysis of tax records and census data , the study reinforced the sense that while Mr. Bush ’s tax cuts reduced rates for people at every income level , they offered the biggest benefits by far to people at the very top — especially the top 1 percent of income earners .
Though tax cuts for the rich were bigger than those for other groups , the wealthiest families paid a bigger share of total taxes .
That is because their incomes have climbed far more rapidly , and the gap between rich and poor has widened in the last several years .
Grant McCracken has argued in his book Plenitude that one of the defining characteristics of the last fifty years is an explosion of subcultural variety — people creating new lifestyles and new identities around occupations , sexual tastes , hobbies , genres of art and music , religions , and just about any other investment of time human beings have ever dreamed up .
When McCracken proposes that there is now as much divergence among individual subcultures in the life of the modern
West as we can find among preindustrial tribes in the annals of anthropology he is probably exaggerating .
Nevertheless , it is clear that he is onto something when he observes that the old idea of a ‘ mainstream ’ culture with subcultures developing in anti-conformist reaction to it is falling apart .
[ S] ubcultures now come from the cultural system in place .
The culture of
commotion is , as I have labored to demonstrate , dedicated to the production
of new and different subcultures .
SF fans .
Skatepunks .
Polyamorists .
Gangsta rappers .
Goths .
McCracken certainly has this much right ; there are now lots of voluntary subcultures out there that have the kind of adhesiveness once only associated with religious or tribal groupings .
Belonging to them is not just a predilection like being a baseball fan or liking Chinese food , but a statement of identity with a whole social network and a set of myths and dreams and heroes attached to it .
Among the five groups I listed more or less at random above the culture of SF fandom is a bearded grandaddy , dating back to the late 1930s and thus predating the beginnings of the modern explosion of plenitude in the 1960s .
The others are all much more recent , and illustrate how new tribes can emerge to become apparently permanent features of the landscape in less than a decade .
And this brings us to the geeks .
When I was a teenager in the 1970s , there was not yet anything you could call “ geek culture ” .
Sure , there were bright kids fascinated by computers or math or science , kids who were often poorly socialized in the jargon of the day and hung together as a defensive measure ; I was one of them .
But we did n’t see ourselves as having a social identity or affiliation the way the jocks or surfers or hippies did .
We were n’t a subculture , nor even a community ; we did n’t even have a label for ourselves .
Slowly , slowly that began to change .
One key event was the eruption of science fiction into pop culture that began with the first Star Wars movie in 1977 .
This was our stuff and we knew it , even though most of us never joined the subculture of SF fandom proper .
Personal computers made another big difference after 1980 ; suddenly , technology was cool and sexy in a way it had n’t been for decades , and people who were into it started to get respect rather than ( or in addition to ) faint or not - so - faint scorn .
You could see the trend in movies .
War Games in 1983 ; Revenge of the Nerds in 1984 ; Real Genius in 1985 .
To kids today Revenge of the Nerds does n’t seem remarkable , because geek culture is more secure and confident today than a lot of older tribes like bikers or hippies .
But at the time , the idea that you could have an entire fraternity of geeks — an autonomous social group with reason to be proud of itself and a recognized place in the social ecology — was funny ; all by itself it was a comedy premise .
The heroes of Revenge of the Nerds were people who created a fraternity of their own , who bootstrapped a niche for themselves in Grant McCracken ’s culture of plenitude .
The movie was an extended joke , but it described and perhaps helped create a real phenomenon .
The term ‘ geek ’ did n’t emerge as a common label , displacing the older and much more sporadically - used ‘ nerd ’ , until around the time of the Internet explosion of 1993 - 1994 .
I noticed this development because I did n’t like it ; I still prefer to tell people I hang out with hackers ( all hackers are geeks , but not all geeks are hackers ) .
Another index of the success of the emerging geek culture is that around that time it stopped being an almost exclusively male phenomenon .
Yes , you catch my implication .
When I was growing up we did n’t have geekgirls .
Even if the label ‘ geek ’ had been in use at the time , the idea that women could be so into computers or games or math that they would identify with and hang out with geek guys would have struck us as sheerest fantasy .
Even the small minority of geek guys who were good with women ( and thus had much less reason to consider them an alien species ) would have found the implications of the term ‘ geekgirl ’ unbelievable before 1995 or so .
( There are people who cannot read an account like the above without assuming that the author is simply projecting his own social and sexual isolation onto others .
For the benefit of those people , I will report here that I had good relations with women long before this was anything but rare in my peer group .
This only made the isolation of my peers easier to notice . )
What changed ?
Several things .
One is that geek guys are , on the whole , better adjusted and healthier and more presentable today than they were when I was a teenager .
Kids today have trouble believing the amount of negative social pressure on intelligent people to pass as normal and boring that was typical before 1980 , the situation Revenge of the Nerds satirized and inverted .
It meant that the nascent geek culture of the time attracted only the most extreme geniuses and misfits — freaks , borderline autists , obsessives , and other people in reaction against the mainstream .
Women generally looked at this and went “ ugh ! ”
But over time , geeky interests became more respectable , even high - status ( thanks at least in part to the public spectacle of übergeeks making millions ) .
The whole notion of opposition to the mainstream started to seem dated as ‘ mainstream ’ culture gradually effloresced into dozens of tribes freakier than geeks ( two words : “ body piercings ” ) .
Thus we started to attract people who were more normal , in psychology if not in talent .
Women noticed this .
I believe it was in 1992 , at a transhumanist party in California , that I first heard a woman matter - of - factly describe the Internet hacker culture as “ a source of good boyfriends ” .
A few years after that we started to get a noticeable intake of women who wanted to become geeks themselves , as opposed to just sleeping with or living with geeks .
The loner / obsessive / perfectionist tendencies of your archetypal geek are rare in women , who are culturally encouraged ( and perhaps instinct - wired ) to value social support and conformity more .
Thus , women entering the geek subculture was a strong sign that it had joined the set of social identities that people think of as ‘ normal ’ .
This is still a very recent development ; I ca n’t recall the term ‘ geekgirl ’ being used at all before about 1998 , and I do n’t think it became commonly self - applied until 2000 or so .
Interestingly , the dot.com bust does not seem to have slowed down or discredited the geek subculture at all .
Websites like http://geekculture.com and http://thinkgeek.com do a flourishing business , successfully betting investment capital on the theory that there is in fact a common subculture or community embracing computer hackers , SF fans , strategy gamers , aficionados of logic puzzles , radio hams , and technology hobbyists of all sorts .
Just the fact that a website can advertise The World ’s Coolest Propeller Beanies !
is indication of how far we ’ve come .
I ’ve previously observed about one large and important geek subtribe , the Internet hackers , that when people join it they tend to retrospectively re-interpret their past and after a while find it difficult to remember that they were n’t always part of this tribe .
I think something similar is true of geeks in general ; even those of us who lived through the emergence of geek culture have to struggle a bit to remember what it was like back when we were genuinely atomized outcasts in a culture that was dismissive and hostile .
There are even beginning to be geek families with evidence of generational transmission .
I know three generations of one , starting when two computer scientists married in the late 1960s , and had four kids in the 1970s ; the kids have since produced a first grandchild who at age five shows every sign of becoming just as avid a gamer / hacker / SF - fan as his parents and grandparents .
Little Isaac , bless him , will grow up in a culture that , in its plenitude , offers lots of artifacts and events designed by and for people like him .
He will take the World Wide Web and the Sci-Fi Channel and Yugio and the Lord of the Rings movies and personal computers for granted .
He ’ll probably never be spat on by a jock , and if he ca n’t find a girlfriend it will be because the geekgirls and geek groupies are dating other guys like him , rather than being nonexistent .
SBCL has a reputation of being slow at compiling programs .
This has historically been a deserved reputation , since the cleanups done after the fork from CMUCL made the compiler a lot slower .
While speed does n't really matter when compiling individual functions , it 's very important for large programs .
Even if most Lisp development is done interactively , compiling a function or a file at a time , at some point one needs to ensure that the system still builds from scratch .
With a large code base , this can take ages .
It does n't help that doing correct incremental builds for large Lisp systems is challenging .
( See Andreas ' asdf - dependency - grovel for one way to make it less painful ) .
In fact , most of my early contributions to SBCL were for making the compiler faster , since on the computer I had at the time an SBCL build took 1.5 hours .
And even several workstation upgrades later , I still sigh every time I kick off a full SBCL build .
I just committed another batch of compiler speedup patches , and got to wondering what the cumulative effect of all these improvements over the years has been .
So I ran my standard compilation speed benchmark suite on current CVS head , and on SBCL versions from one , two and three years ago .
All SBCLs were built for x86 , with the default build options .
CMUCL 19d was also included in the test for comparison .
Here are the results ( click on thumbnail for a larger image ) :
I 'm pretty happy about the consistent trend for faster compilation times , despite new features and optimizations getting added , which usually act to slow down the compiler .
So the next time you 're cursing about how long your build of McCLIM - or something similar - is taking , remember that things could be worse .
You could be using SBCL 0.8.8 :-)
Buy now and get Quartus RsrcEdit FREE !
A quick demonstration ...
Since 1997 , Quartus Forth is the original on - board ISO / ANSI Standard Forth compiler for Palm OS handheld computers .
Quartus Forth is fast , and builds genuine native executables that need no ' run - time ' libraries .
" Quartus Forth expands the arsenal of development tools providing a complete on - device development environment for Forth programmers .
With Quartus Forth , developers have the opportunity to develop full - blown applications whenever and wherever they are . " — Larry Berkin ,
Director of Developer Marketing , PalmSource
Forth is a perfect fit for the handheld screen , and Quartus Forth makes programming the Palm OS simple .
Click here for a side - by - side comparison of the same program written in both Quartus Forth , and in C .
With Quartus Forth , you can :
Write source code in the Memo Pad ( or optionally in Doc- format files ) , and compile your code instantly into fast , genuine native - code Palm applications ( PRCs ) right on - board your Palm OS handheld device .
Your apps are transferred to the desktop the next time you do a HotSync .
( or optionally in Doc- format files ) , ( PRCs ) right on - board your Palm OS handheld device .
Your the next time you do a .
Distribute ( or sell — there are no restrictions ) the apps you create with no run-time libraries needed , and no royalty fees .
with needed , and .
With the companion product Quartus RsrcEdit , produce apps with standard Palm GUI objects ( menus , controls , lists , scroll bars , etc . )
( menus , controls , lists , scroll bars , etc. )
Interactively test and debug your apps using the Quartus Forth console .
using the Quartus Forth console .
Use nearly 900 Palm OS system routines and over 6200 constants by name in your source code .
and in your source code .
See descriptive error text for Palm OS errors .
for Palm OS errors .
Work in the language of your choice – compiler messages are available in a number different languages including German , French , Spanish , Portuguese , Dutch , Russian , Norwegian , Swedish , and Malay .
– compiler messages are available in a number different languages including German , French , Spanish , Portuguese , Dutch , Russian , Norwegian , Swedish , and Malay .
Take advantage of Forth 's full exception - handling and structured programming constructs to write clean , maintainable apps .
of Forth 's to .
Work with floating - point ( two kinds : built - in , and IEEE double - precision with Mathlib ) , graphics , sound , and more !
Quartus Forth is compatible with any Palm OS handheld running Palm OS 3.0 or higher , including Palm OS 5.x ( Garnet ) .
It also runs fine in the Palm OS Emulator and Simulator on the desktop .
Have a look at a few example apps , written using Quartus Forth :
A University of Virginia study suggests that older adults are not only more inclined than younger adults to make errors in recollecting details that have been suggested to them , but are also more likely than younger people to have a very high level of confidence in their recollections , even when wrong .
The finding has implications regarding the reliability of older persons ’ eyewitness testimonies in courtrooms .
The study , “ I misremember it well :
Why older adults are unreliable eyewitnesses , ” is published in a recent issue of the Psychonomic Bulletin & Review .
“ There are potentially significant practical implications to these results as confident but mistaken eyewitness testimony may be the largest cause of wrongful convictions in the United States , ” said Chad Dodson , the study ’s lead researcher and an assistant professor of psychology at the University of Virginia .
“ Given that older adults will constitute an increasing proportion of the U.S. population , there may be a corresponding increase in the occurrence of wrongful convictions based on the testimony of highly confident but mistaken eyewitnesses . ”
Dodson and U.Va. graduate student Lacy Krueger studied “ suggestibility errors , ” instances where people come to believe that a particular event occurred , when in fact , the event was merely suggested to them and did not actually occur .
They found through a series of experiments that when younger and older adults were matched on their overall memory for experienced events , both groups showed comparable rates of suggestibility errors in which they claimed to have seen events in a video that had been suggested in a subsequent questionnaire .
However , older adults were “ alarmingly ” likely to commit these suggestibility errors when they were most confident about the correctness of their response .
Younger people were more likely to commit these errors when they were uncertain about the accuracy of their response .
Previous studies by other investigators have shown that older adults are more likely than younger people to “ remember ” events that did not occur , and to misremember events that did occur .
The U.Va. study further suggest that this occurs because older adults are more inclined to miscombine details of events , which results in a high degree of confidence that they are remembering these details accurately .
Participants in the study were shown a five - minute video clip reenacting a burglary and police chase .
They were then asked to answer 24 yes / no questions about what they had witnessed in the video .
Eight of those questions referred to details that never actually happened in the video , such as suggesting the presence of a gun when in fact no gun ever appeared in the video itself .
Prior to completing the memory test , the participants were told that some of the test questions would refer to details that had not actually occurred in the video .
They were asked to indicate for each test question whether it had occurred in the video only , in the questionnaire only , or neither .
They were also asked to judge the likely accuracy of their response , essentially whether they were guessing or certain .
It was here that the confidence level , even when wrong , was much higher among older adults than younger adults .
“ This finding suggests that this is not simply a case of poorer memory among older adults , but that there may be some other mechanism leading to the high rate of confidence , ” Dodson said .
“ We believe the high confidence comes from the detail that they believe they remember .
Because the detail seems sharp , they are highly confident that they are correct in their recollection , even when the recollection has been suggested to them rather than actually witnessed .
This pattern of behavior is particularly worrisome , given the influence of eyewitness confidence on jury decision making . ”
The older study participants were 60 to 80 years of age , while the younger participants were college students .
There were three study groups : the older participants who all took the questionnaire immediately after seeing the video , a young group who also took the questionnaire immediately after seeing the video , and a group of younger participants who answered the questionnaire two days after seeing the video to replicate the memory differences between older and younger adults .
WorldWatch
First appeared in print in The Rhinoceros Times , Greensboro , NC
By Orson Scott Card September 11 , 2005
Freakonomics
Or
You Have to Find the Facts Before You Can Face Them
When the crime rate started dropping in the 1990s , it took everyone by surprise .
All the experts had predicted that crime would continue to rise in the radical way it had during the 1970s and 1980s .
Experts were talking about how we'd have to adapt to a society dominated by fear , living in gated communities , paying for far more prisons and police forces .
And then ...
It did n't happen .
Instead , crime rates started to fall .
All kinds of crime , across the board .
And not just in one place , in many places .
Why Did Crime Rates Fall ?
The innovative policework in New York City was given much of the credit , but the same thing was happening in cities with no new theories or practices .
All kinds of theories were advanced , but they all fell apart against statistical realities -- none of them explained why crime rates fell at exactly the time they began to fall .
Except for one explanation .
Abortion .
Try to set aside your personal opinions about abortion and let 's look at history .
In 1973 , Roe v. Wade made abortion permissible throughout the United States .
The floodgates opened , and vast numbers of abortions were performed .
As a result , vast numbers of children were not born .
Ah , but which children ?
The vast majority of the abortions were among women who would have been raising their children without a father ; substantial numbers of these women were addicts .
And even the abortions performed on middle - class women were somewhat more likely to be the result of liaisons in which one partner or the other , or both , had poor impulse control .
In other words , the fetuses that were aborted , had they been born , would have become children who were statistically the most likely group to become criminals .
Raised by single mothers , in poverty , with genes that might not provide them with much ability to foresee the longterm consequences of impulsive actions .
The crime rates began falling exactly when that generation of children would have reached adolescence and those with such tendencies would have begun their criminal careers .
It certainly looked as if we killed off much of our criminal class in the womb .
Proving Cause and Effect
Of course , a causal assertion like that is hard to prove -- though people make even more sweeping assertions on less evidence all the time .
But we 're far more likely to accept , without evidence , the causal assertions that fit our beliefs .
Those that do n't fit , we try hard to ignore .
This one does n't fit anybody 's beliefs .
The pro-abortion group is generally on the Left , and if you had tried , in 1973 , to introduce abortion as a means of killing off the criminal class of the 1990s and 2000s , they would have opposed it .
Likewise , anti-abortionists tend to be among those who are concerned about law - and - order issues .
But if , in 1973 , you had proposed that the most effective longterm crime - control measure would be to allow abortion , I doubt that many anti-abortionists would have been persuaded that this was a good idea .
Why ?
Because it 's eugenics , plain and simple .
Hitlerian logic .
Purifying the race by preventing the birth of the class of people who are most likely to degrade the quality of life for the rest of us .
So few would have dared even suggest such a thing in 1973 ; but a group of judges decided to perform this eugenics experiment on the American people , and now we 're seeing the results .
Or are we ?
Nobody wants to believe it .
There 's no way to prove that the unborn babies we killed would have grown up to be bad people , or that crime rates have anything to do with abortion .
I know my first reaction to this idea was repugnance and rejection .
Except ... 1973 was n't the beginning of legal abortions in the United States .
There were states that legalized abortion several years earlier .
And guess what ?
In those states , the crime rate began to fall exactly that number of years earlier .
The fall in crime rates marches in lockstep with legalized abortion fifteen to twenty years before .
Maybe the growing awareness of this fact is part of the reason why even though most Americans find abortion itself to be a morally appalling act and wish it were rare instead of common , we are also reluctant to give up the relative peace and safety that killing all those babies has brought to us .
That 's another causal assertion , and one far less likely to be true .
Abortion as class warfare is not something that any political group I know of is likely to openly approve of .
So we have to ignore or deny the evidence .
Well , there 's a book -- and a mini-movement -- that is trying to cut through all the fog and insist that we face facts in all sorts of areas of American life .
It 's called " Freakonomics , " and it gets its name from the book Freakonomics by Steven D. Levitt ( economist ) and Stephen J. Dubner ( science writer ) .
This book should be required reading before anybody is allowed to vote .
Not really .
I think democracy absolutely depends on the continuing right of the ignorant and misinformed to make all the core decisions in our society , and I would never place a mandatory restriction like that on people 's right to vote .
But I do believe such ignorance should be voluntary .
And as long as we can't get the facts on issues like this , how can we possibly become anything but ignorant and misinformed on almost everything ?
Trusting Experts
To ferret out accurate information on all the important subjects is beyond the power of any individual , however .
So the way democracy works is , the ignorant have to rely on the advice of trusted sources who have found accurate information on particular topics .
Trust is the basis of human life in large societies -- those of us who are n't police and firemen trust them to learn their work , just as the police and firemen trust the grocers and schoolteachers , and the grocers and schoolteachers trust the doctors and plumbers and electricians , who trust the accountants and garbagemen and bus drivers and car manufacturers and garage mechanics .
We trust each other to do our jobs right .
To obey traffic signals .
To pay with genuine bills and coins .
To give correct directions when asked .
To keep our hands off stuff that does n't belong to us , even when nobody 's watching .
We trust certain people to tell us true information .
Doctors will tell us the truth about our bodies .
Accountants will tell us the truth about what we owe the government in taxes .
Then there are the public informers , who give us information , not about ourselves in particular , but about the world at large .
Newscasters .
Reporters .
Historians .
Science reporters .
We expect them to provide us with as much accurate information as is available .
And we expect them to tell us , when they do n't have information , that they do n't know .
Why They Get It Wrong
The trouble is that too many of these reporters either deliberately lie -- they have an agenda ( either the promotion of their own career or the advancement of a cause ) -- or they are too lazy to question the lies and mistakes that others tell them .
The result is that we live in an age where on key political issues , ignorance is largely supplanted by misinformation .
That was fine in an age where people were generally suspicious of the rumors they heard .
You were always ready to change your mind when better information came along .
But most of the disinformation and misinformation we get these days is couched in the language of science or scholarship .
Because of the way it 's presented to us , we think we know .
That 's why we 're suckered in by completely made - up " facts " like the claim that SuperBowl Sunday has more incidences of domestic violence than any other day of the year .
That never made sense .
Yet it was presented to us as a statistic , and we assumed that it was based on something .
We assumed that the reporters would have checked .
But they did n't .
They quoted somebody , and they were too lazy ( or too happy with the implications of the idea ) to bother checking with people who would actually have the facts -- 911 responders and hospital emergency rooms .
If they had checked , they would have found out that it was absolutely false .
A lie .
A slander against men who watch the SuperBowl .
Why We Need Freakonomists
Often , though , the falsehoods we hear are not so easily checked .
You have to know something about the mathematics of statistical analysis or the way studies are conducted in order to have a hope of evaluating the truth .
And sometime you actually have to have some facts -- you know , the kind you get by going out and working hard and asking stuff and observing .
That 's where Freakonomics comes in .
Economist Steven D. Levitt found himself with all the skills and tools of his trade , and wandering attention .
Instead of focusing on purely financial matters , he started applying all that statistical and scientific rigor he had been trained in to topics often considered outside the purview of the dismal science .
He -- and other nontraditional economists -- have started looking at the real world .
They question some of the things we 've been told and have believed for years , and discover that a lot of it is bunk .
Guesswork , error , spin , or lies .
Catching Cheaters
In the effort to improve education rather than throwing more and more money at a system that gets worse and worse , the Congress and the President passed the " No Child Left Behind " legislation that mandated testing .
But they did n't invent the idea -- state and local governments had been experimenting with standardized tests for years .
The trouble is , with budgets , salaries , and jobs becoming dependent on test results , the incentive for cheating on these tests has vastly increased .
And since in many places the tests are administered by the very teachers who will be rewarded or punished based on the test results , the opportunity to cheat is there as well .
How , though , do you catch them ?
Call an economist .
Freakonomics recounts in detail exactly how cheating teachers were caught by a close analysis of statistical anomalies .
For instance , students who showed a dramatic improvement in their test scores one year , but the next year , with a different teacher , reverted to their previous patterns .
The trouble is , who actually wants to catch the cheaters ?
If cheating makes the test results look better , then the whole educational bureaucracy benefits , not just the individual teacher .
The school board and administration can point to these " improvements " as marks of progress .
The only reason these cheaters were caught was because they had the bad luck to work in a district headed by a superintendent who cared more about the children 's education than about good public relations .
Economy of Drug Dealing
Another Freakonomic study dealt with the economy of crack dealing .
It 's complicated enough that I wo n't try to detail it here .
Suffice it to say that when someone actually got close to the crack gangs and studied the way they function , they resemble nothing so much as ... McDonald's .
The top gang leaders franchise crack dealing to certain gangs with certain territories .
The " owner " of the local franchise rakes off huge profits -- which are shared with the top leaders , who become phenomenally rich .
But within the franchise , the actual drug sellers are rather badly paid .
They stay with it either because they have no better alternative , or they hope to rise to a higher position .
They always have this possibility , of course , because the attrition rate in this violent business is high .
But violent or not , it 's still a business , and it keeps running because , in economic terms , it works -- or works well enough to satisfy those who carry it out .
Read It and Think
My goal is not to provide you with a synopsis of the book 's results , because that would be pointless .
You need to read it yourself .
Fortunately , this will be painless , because the book is wonderfully entertaining .
You 'll find yourself reading the good bits out loud to whomever you can get to listen .
And believe me , I have n't even mentioned some of the best stuff .
In the process of reading it , you 'll also be given a short but effective course in analyzing causal assertions -- or , in other words , you 'll be trained to hear statistical assertions skeptically , because you 'll have a clearer idea of how they can be massaged and manipulated and misunderstood .
You 'll also be given a wake - up call about how many of the statistics on which we base public opinion and policy are simply made up .
You know , lies .
Like the claim that schools are unfair to girls ( the so - called " Ophelia Complex " ) when in fact the opposite is dramatically true -- schools are actually hostile to boys .
There is no evidence that the person who claimed to have proved the Ophelia Complex ever had any facts at all .
But the claim spread through our society and shaped our perception of school , without any scientific basis whatsoever and in the face of substantial contrary evidence .
Why ?
Because so many people wanted it to be true .
It would confirm their picture of the world .
Truth Does n't Change Because We Want It To
Know the truth , and the truth will make you free , someone once said , and I believe it .
In ignorance , we can't change the world -- or our lives -- for the better .
And we can waste a lot of time trying to change things we can't change at all .
Truth , when we are fortunate enough to find it , is like bad - tasting medicine .
It rarely comes as a pleasant surprise , because if it surprises us , it means we 've been denying it for some time and have a lot of beliefs based on falsehood .
It 's hard to give up those beliefs .
Let 's go back to that huge social experiment called " abortion " and its unintended effect on crime .
Now that we know this information , we can decide far more intelligently what to do about abortion -- or , for that matter , about crime .
But let 's remember that knowing a true thing about abortion does not mean that we know all the truth that should guide our decision .
For instance , why was crime rising so fast prior to the time when the effects of Roe v. Wade kicked in ?
One might guess that it was the Baby Boom -- lots of new teenagers , lots of new crime .
But the facts say otherwise .
The Baby Boomers were teenagers much earlier than the huge crime jump in the 70s , 80s , and early 90s .
The Other Experiment
No , the huge crime increases might well have been the result of an earlier experiment -- the " New Morality " and the Pill .
Before the New Morality of the late 1960s , our society had actually done a very good job of suppressing unwanted pregnancies without abortion -- and without the Pill .
We hear it like a mantra today : " You ca n't stop teenagers from having sex . "
But we did .
Birthrates among unmarried women were very , very low back in the 1950s .
And most such children were given up for adoption , because the social penalties for unwed motherhood were so harsh .
So were the social penalties for promiscuity .
They were unfairly borne by women , of course , but even among man , there were many who regarded extramarital sex as always being wrong , and censured those who broke that rule .
Teenagers were also chaperoned and did n't start dating until they were much older than today .
By the time they were free to date without supervision , far more of them had matured to the point where they could much better control their sexual impulses .
In other words , we as a society helped parents protect their children from their own desires until they were old enough to be likelier to control them .
So the primary mechanisms that prevented promiscuity were social controls , internalized belief in moral stories , and fear of the consequences of pregnancy .
When the New Morality came along , most people did not embrace it .
Even though films and novels tried to spread the new belief and normalize promiscuity and premarital sex -- and today have made many people believe it is completely normal -- slightly more than half our society still believes these things to be wrong .
( And not without evidence . )
So which half embraced the New Morality ?
Could it have been the people with poor impulse control ?
The people most likely to be irresponsible parents ?
Unfaithful spouses ?
The people most likely to get divorced -- or never marry at all -- and thus leave children to be raised by single mothers ?
The statistics suggest that the answer is yes .
And their children -- post - New Morality but pre-Roe v. Wade -- were precisely the generation that was causing the crime boom .
It 's a story .
It might be true .
And it ought to be considered .
We had two systems for controlling the birth rate of children most likely to become criminals .
The one we 're using now consists of letting their parents kill them after conception .
The other involved using social pressure , stories , and incentives to keep them from letting the children be conceived in the first place .
What was the great evil of the old system ?
People 's sexual drives were " repressed . "
This was the great crime of the fifties -- people were so " repressed . "
But no one has yet demonstrated a single ill effect from " repression . "
For the simple reason that the other names for " repression " are words like " conscience " and " responsibility " and " impulse control . "
The virtues we link with adulthood .
We expected people to control themselves , and we kept them from having the freedom to act on their impulses until they had learned how to control them .
Compare this with the method we use today : Letting mothers have someone kill their babies for them .
What we used to do with words and customs , now we do in blood .
With eugenics .
And the third alternative ?
Sexual freedom without responsibility -- and the resulting children grew up to be disproportionately criminal , making the whole society less viable for everyone .
I pick A . I think B and C are both vile .
That 's my opinion .
But at least I took the available information into account when I reached it .
Mark my words , many people are going to be outraged at my opinion -- I can see them warming up their blogging fingers already -- but instead of arguing from facts , they will try to make the facts go away .
Nobody has to believe me .
Find experts that you trust -- but do make sure they 're worthy of that trust before you trust them .
Do try to avoid the ones who just make stuff up , or who quote the liars without checking .
Copyright © 2005 by Orson Scott Card .
After separating the sexes in every possible place , from beaches to busses , the ultra-Orthodox community is taking a further step in its quest for " disengagement . "
The sidewalks on one of the main streets in the ultra-Orthodox neighborhood of Beit Shemesh have been divided – one for men and one for women .
During recent years , a large ultra-Orthodox community has moved to Beit Shemesh .
The community has settled in a new area of the city but is gradually taking over older parts as well .
The community comprises hundreds of religious families who left the Mea Sheraim neighborhood in Jerusalem due to lack of housing .
Modesty Operation ' cover up '
Chaim Levinson Jerusalem pride parade struggle ends , new struggle begins against tight clothing .
Ultra -Orthodox rabbis to hold ‘ modesty ’ rally Saturday Operation ' cover up '
Members of the ethnic groups are very strict about modesty and are taking the entire orthodox community of Beit Shemesh along with them .
They recently protested against businesses at the commercial center and demanded that proprietors hang up signs ordering clientele to dress modestly .
When the Ha'meuchedet health clinic refused to abide by this order a public protest was held on the streets .
In addition , ulta -Orthodox members are conducting a violent protest against Egged busses , arguing that they are not modest enough .
Two weeks ago they stoned a bus carrying mixed passengers and the driver was forced to fire into the air to escape the crowd .
Oy Vey !
Women !
Now their modesty initiatives are reaching new heights .
There are several synagogues in the Nachala Menucha neighborhood where men flock to pray .
The problem is that while they head towards their place of worship they encounter women taking their children to the adjacent health clinic .
Fearing that the rules of modesty will be broken , lust will become rampant and the messiah will not come , it was decided to impose complete segregation .
Women are permitted to walk on one side of the sidewalk while men on the other .
Signs have been posted on the men's side of the street instructing women to leave the sidewalk and to cross over to their side :
" Women are instructed to go to the other sidewalk , not to pass by the synagogue , and not to dawdle on the sidewalk leading to the synagogue . "
The sign includes an arrow directing women to the other side of the street .
To add fuel to the fire , during certain hours of the day a synagogue custodian is stationed outside to make sure the rules are adhered to .
The ultra-Orthodox community 's activities are infuriating the secular residents of Beit Shemesh .
" They are putting up illegal signs , running wild and throwing stones , " one of the residents said Monday , " and no one is doing anything to prevent this .
The municipality and the police are powerless . "
For the last 10 years , people in China have been sending me money .
I also get money from countries in Latin America and sub-Saharan Africa — really , from every poor country .
I ’m not the only one who ’s so lucky .
Everyone in a wealthy nation has become the beneficiary of the generous subsidies that poorer countries bestow upon rich ones .
Here in the United States , this welfare program in reverse allows our government to spend wildly without runaway inflation , keeps many American businesses afloat and even provides medical care in parts of the country where doctors are scarce .
Economic theory holds that money should flow downhill .
The North , as rich countries are informally known , should want to sink its capital into the South — the developing world , which some statisticians define as all countries but the 29 wealthiest .
According to this model , money both does well and does good : investors get a higher return than they could get in their own mature economies , and poor countries get the capital they need to get richer .
Increasing the transfer of capital from rich nations to poorer ones is often listed as one justification for economic globalization .
Historically , the global balance sheet has favored poor countries .
But with the advent of globalized markets , capital began to move in the other direction , and the South now exports capital to the North , at a skyrocketing rate .
According to the United Nations , in 2006 the net transfer of capital from poorer countries to rich ones was $ 784 billion , up from $ 229 billion in 2002 .
( In 1997 , the balance was even . )
Even the poorest countries , like those in sub-Saharan Africa , are now money exporters .
How did this great reversal take place ?
Why did globalization begin to redistribute wealth upward ?
The answer , in large part , has to do with global finance .
All countries hold hard - currency reserves to cover their foreign debts or to use in case of a natural or a financial disaster .
For the past 50 years , rich countries have steadily held reserves equivalent to about three months ’ worth of their total imports .
As money circulates more and more quickly in a globalized economy , however , many countries have felt the need to add to their reserves , mainly to head off investor panic , which can strike even well - managed economies .
Since 1990 , the world ’s nonrich nations have increased their reserves , on average , from around three months ’ worth of imports to more than eight months ’ worth — or the equivalent of about 30 percent of their G.D.P. China and other countries maintain those reserves mainly in the form of supersecure U.S. Treasury bills ; whenever they buy T - bills , they are in effect lending the United States money .
This allows the U.S. to keep interest rates low and Washington to run up huge deficits with no apparent penalty .
One in five adults in the UK is obese
The Imperial College London team are developing a drug based on a natural gut hormone that mimics the body 's " feeling full " response .
An injectible treatment could be available in five to eight years , but the long - term goal is to produce a form that can be absorbed in the mouth .
One in five adults are obese , but that could rise to one in three by 2010 .
The hormone in question is called pancreatic polypeptide ( PP ) , which the body produces after every meal to ensure eating does not run out of control .
We hit on the idea of a chewing gum because obese people like chewing
Professor Steve Bloom , lead researcher
There is evidence that some people have more of the hormone than others , and becoming overweight reduces the levels produced .
A vicious circle then results , causing appetite to increase , an inability to resist the temptation of food , and further increases in weight .
Early tests have shown moderate doses of the hormone , pancreatic polypeptide ( PP ) , can reduce the amount of food eaten by healthy volunteers by 15 % to 20 % .
The team have now been given funding of £ 2.2 m from the Wellcome Trust to take it forward .
As well as chewing gum , they believe it could be incorporated in a nasal spray .
Problem
Lead researcher Professor Steve Bloom said : " We have got a problem and we do n't know what to do about it .
" We hit on the idea of a chewing gum because obese people like chewing . "
Professor Bloom 's team first noted the effect of the hormone in a group of patients with a particular pancreatic tumour that causes them to generate more PP .
Their bodies were kept permanently thin for long periods of time , yet they appeared to suffer no ill effects from the hormone .
Professor Bloom 's team has not yet been able to study obese patients , but has tested the hormone out on a small group of 35 mildly overweight but otherwise healthy volunteers .
Participants were given injections of either PP or an inactive salt solution without knowing what they were receiving .
They were then offered a large buffet meal and invited to eat as much as they liked .
At the same time they were asked to answer questions about how hungry they felt .
Those given the treatment felt less hungry and ate between 15 % and 25 % less - than those who received the placebo .
A real treatment would aim at cutting food intake by 5 % to 10 % initially , and thereafter maintain control over appetite with a small reduction of about 1 % .
Dr Ted Bianco , of the Wellcome Trust , said : " Over 30,000 deaths a year are caused by obesity in England alone , so there is a clear need to develop a treatment to tackle this problem .
" Yet this need for effective anti-obesity therapies is currently unmet .
We believe that Professor Bloom 's research holds great promise and , with our support , can be translated into tangible benefits to health . "
Diabetes UK care adviser Libby Dowling said : " Although trials have shown that this drug can help reduce appetite , it has only been trialled on people who already have a relatively healthy weight .
" We would continue to recommend eating a healthy diet and doing regular physical activity as the first and best step to losing weight . "
HOME ルービックキューブ攻略 法
3×3×３ルービックキューブ完成図
このページでは、ルービックキューブの解き方（そろえ方）について説明します。
当サイトはカラーの図で解説しているので、分かり易いと思います。
また覚えるパターンが少ないので、比較的簡単に覚えられると思います。
もしもこのサイトを見て６面を完成できたなら、 是非掲示板でお知らせ下さい。 楽しみにしています。 皆様の喜びの声を聞けるのは、サイト管理者としても本当に励みになります。
In speeches , Mr. Cheney has made little secret of his view that Congress impinged on presidential powers after Vietnam , Watergate and the intelligence scandals of the 1970 ’s and 1980 ’s , and that he was determined to reverse the trend .
As recently as last month he was still advocating that view .
In a letter to Senator Arlen Specter , the Pennsylvania Republican who is chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , Mr. Cheney insisted that there was no need for legislation to carry out the domestic spying operation after its existence was revealed in The New York Times .
From the morning after that article was published , Attorney General Alberto Gonzales Jr. and General Michael V. Hayden , who has since been appointed the director of the Central Intelligence Agency , argued vociferously that the president already had all the authority he needed to order the wiretapping program without court approval .
At other moments , Mr. Gonzales has mentioned what may have been the real reason that the Bush administration sidelined Congress :
It believed that to seek permission to conduct domestic wiretapping would expose a covert program .
“ There was some consideration ” about seeking legislation , Mr. Gonzales told the House Judiciary Committee in April , but “ ultimately there was a collective agreement that that would not be possible without compromising the effectiveness of the program . ”
Now , some administration officials say that strategy may have been flawed .
“ It puts you at the mercy of what gets leaked , ” said one senior official who requested anonymity because he was discussing internal business of the White House .
The military tribunals were a different issue , one driven by a defeat at the Supreme Court .
As early as late 2001 , the issue of how to treat detainees became a subject of heated debate inside the White House .
Secretary of State Colin L. Powell argued that the White House had to acknowledge that international law , not the administration ’s desires , had to govern how fighters were treated , even if they were not in uniform and represented no legitimate government .
To do otherwise , said Mr. Powell , a former chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , would be to invite the mistreatment of captured American soldiers .
Statement about my " metadramas "
by Dick Higgins
One of the main genres of Fluxus pieces of the 1960s is and was
" events . "
These were first done before Fluxus , and came to be
conceptually framed as a sort of cognate of happenings , which were new
at the time - that is , intermedial , free - form pieces which lay
conceptually among the bounds of music , theater and visual art .
Events
differed from happenings in that they were always as compressed as
possible , minimal statements that would provide a mental or emotional
impact .
But , of course , they were highly abstract .
I did them , George
Brecht did them , and others of the Fluxus artists did them also though ,
for the most part , somewhat later than 1958 when George , I , AI Hansen
and others studied with John Cage in his class at the New School for
Social Research in New York , a story which has been told , more or less ,
to death .
However , events made their point and the genre became well defined
over the years , through Fluxus concerts and individual performances and
works by , quite literally , hundreds of artists .
In the sixties , when
purely formal explorations seemed essential to sweep away the overly
personal baggage of the 1960s , this was a positive thing .
However , in
the 1980s , when personal expression has been minimized , and when art
performances , the heirs in some respect of happenings , often celebrate
boredom and almost always deal essentially with technical and formal
concerns , it seems more desirable to do pieces which are mainly minimal
emotional statements or narrative ones , complete with characterizations
in most cases .
I had done a few such pieces previously , but not so
consciously as now .
I call them " metadramas " because they must be
dramatic in order to satisfy the criterion , and , the " meta - " part
suggests that they are " next to " or " about " what they relate to - that
is , some are dramas about the drama , while others simply do n't pretend
to be dramas but do point in that direction .
I wrote about sixty of
them in the summer of 1985 , destroyed most of them , and then noticed
that they seemed to define a genre to which the earlier events belong ,
though not vice versa .
Barrytown , New York
18 September , 1985
Tuesday , March 20 , 2007
Podcast with Toby Redshaw of Motorola on their continued wiki use [ link ]
Last March
I posted a podcast with Toby Redshaw , corporate VP of Motorola , in which we discussed their use of wikis and blogs .
It has proven to be one of my most popular , with thousands of downloads .
A few days ago I recorded another podcast with him to see how things have progressed and I 've finished processing it and posted it today .
In this 45 minute phone call , Toby updates us on the use of Motorola 's internal wikis and blogs .
They have about 4,433 blogs ( about 40,000 blog entries ) , 3,300 wikis ( each with often many pages ) , several thousand FAQs , and 28,000 inquiries and responses in 2,400 forums .
It was completely viral adoption internally , " without a single memo from upstairs " .
It is heavily used low down in the organization to get things done , and less used and less understood as you go up the organization .
Three quarters of the company participates by posting to blogs , wikis , forums , and FAQs .
He thinks his statistics show that all employees with access to a computer worldwide use the system at least every week .
They do 2.5 million transactions a day on their system .
They have 69,000 employees and 75,000 active users ( including 8,000 in an extranet with partners , universities , etc. ) .
They manage it with four people and some management .
Any public - facing blogging or wikis ( e.g. , the CTO has a blog , there is a wiki for the Q ) are something separate .
Examples of wiki use range from broad areas like digital six - sigma or some of the key engineering efforts which have hundreds of pages and many contributors to a pre-sales factbook for a certain type of network architecture component that they sell which serves a small , geographically dispersed group .
Their content in the system totals almost 5 terabytes (! ) which includes lots of text as well as engineering diagrams , etc .
They prune old and unused content , sometimes having a blog that lasts just a very short time .
They work hard to keep it all fresh and up to date .
They have knowledge champions in various areas who help do this .
He feels these " domain owners " are an important part of facilitating the " quality " of the information and its organization .
This is internally oriented , which has everybody with the same mission of advancing the company 's goals and under the same governance to keep out bad behavior , etc .
This is not Wikipedia on the public web .
Toby sees an evolution towards " enterprise mashups " with business process management , enterprise information management systems , structured data management systems , data warehouses , and wikis .
Process management data that shows a choke point or other problem in a process can link back automatically to a search of wiki data to find prior material relating to that situation and even identify individuals to be called in .
They are trying to use both structured and unstructured information .
He sees wikis as an important part of taking advantage of the brain power they get with acquisitions , by throwing the new people into their systems to add their knowledge .
These systems have replaced " ... decisions based on very narrow amounts of knowledge ... What 's been eliminated is people making a lot of mistakes that other people have already made for them ... cycle times have been improved ... "
What does he wish he had known earlier ?
He should have concentrated on search sooner , given how fast it has grown .
He also feels he should have made it a lot harder to set up a " confidential " site ( which limits access to a small team ) .
Just a small percentage really need it and then they lose the synergy of solving a common problem that can be then applied by others .
He 's also looking to how he can handle international , non-English , material better .
To listen to the podcast , go to my podcast page or subscribe to my podcast feed .
Friday , March 9 , 2007
Two more chapters from Chris Daly [ link ]
Professor Chris Daly has just posted two more chapters from the draft of his book covering the history of US journalism .
These cover the period from 1830 to 1875 .
They are titled " Putting the News in Newspapers : 1831 - 1850 " and " Rascals All !
Covering the Civil War Era : 1830 - 1875 " .
You 'll find links to the PDFs of all posted chapters in the sidebar of his blog , www.journalismprofessor.com .
In the continuing debate over who is a journalist and what should be protected ( such as the issues with what 's happening in France with respect to publishing images of violence ) , knowing the evolution of what we call news and journalism is an important part of having an informed discussion .
Wednesday , March 7 , 2007
Interview with Vice Admiral John Morgan : Building a community of trust in a Pier - to - Pier world [ link ]
Those of us involved with Open Source software or social media ( such as wikis ) often are greeted with skepticism by others who think of themselves as more " realistic " .
The idea that you can share information that used to be kept as secrets with entities with whom you may be in fierce competition is viewed as being inappropriately utopian and naive , and a sacrifice of value by the company .
The success of Open Source projects like GNU / Linux , Apache , and Mozilla , and social software projects such as Wikipedia , help prove the " realism " of the open and sharing style .
Still , some of that may be too technical for general management to internalize viscerally .
In the past few weeks to help people get a better understanding of this world in real corporate settings , I 've been recording some interviews that relate directly to wikis , social software , and Open Source .
The last few days I attended Diamond Management & Technology Consultants '
Exchange conference about " Competing in the Networked Economy " .
In the opening session , Diamond 's John Sviokla talked glowingly about the use of wikis and other technologies and how companies need to develop new network - aware ways to interface with customers and within the corporation .
In the hallway , Motorola 's Toby Redshaw told me a bit about how wiki use has continued to grow at his company ( we 'll have an update in a future podcast ) .
Other attendees told me about their company 's growing adoption of Open Source software .
Talk about wikis was serious among all the CIOs I spoke with , even the many who have n't actually started using them officially in their company .
The keynote speaker was Admiral Mike Mullen , the Chief of Naval Operations , U.S. Navy .
He is the top ranking Naval officer and a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
He has been advocating the idea of a " 1,000 Ship Navy " , a pooling of the resources among nations , a community of trust that includes the sharing of information among navies of countries that may otherwise be untrusting of each other for political or economic reasons .
A " ... free - form , self - organizing network of maritime partners ... "
This is a somewhat informal relationship more like the one that grew the Internet than the command - and - control style of more traditional military or corporate relationships .
Admiral Mullen 's talk and the discussion that followed was , like most of the conference , informal and " off the record " ( other speakers included McDonald 's CIO Dave Weick who showed their strong moves into Internet media ) .
Earlier , author Paul Carroll ( there to discuss a book he is writing ) joked that the Navy probably spells Peer - to - Peer differently than computer people .
( We know from pervious presentations from the Navy that Peer - to - Peer technologies like instant messaging are well embraced by the Navy for even combat situations . )
Unlike the music and movie industries , they have to deal with real pirates .
In any event , our very powerful Navy is very seriously talking about relationships among competing entities in a way that would fit well into a conference on P2P , wikis , and " Web 2.0 " ideas .
Information technology is an important component of all this .
Admiral Mullen and others are going around the USA participating in public forums that discuss how our national maritime strategy should evolve .
One of the others is Vice Admiral John Morgan .
He was on a panel Tuesday morning titled " The Moral Consequences of the Networked Economy " , sitting next to EFF co-founder John Perry Barlow and Diamond chairman Mel Bergstein .
It is clear that trust and doing the moral thing for people is an important part of making sharing relationships work and an important consideration with real share - of - mind at the highest levels of the Navy .
Vice Admiral John Morgan
Writing all this is one thing , but making it so that others can get the feeling of commitment to such ideas by such a traditional , mainstream organization is another .
Admiral Morgan agreed to sit down with me in the hallway for about 20 minutes Monday afternoon and record a podcast so I could share some of this with others .
To listen to the podcast , go to my podcast page or subscribe to my podcast feed .
I 'm not a professional interviewer , especially not on military and foreign affairs , so my side is somewhat rough .
Admiral Morgan , as you 'll hear , is warm and patient .
I tried to get the conversation to touch on a variety of areas that relate to how this " community of trust " ( a term he used ) came about and what it is as well as aspects of the current and future role of the Navy other than just shooting big guns , launching cruise missiles , or hosting fighter planes .
There should be something in it for many different types of people .
Hopefully the consideration and adoption of cooperation / community - based techniques , close to the ad hoc nature of wiki use and Open Source development , by an entity so big , important , and visible ( and so aware of the potential harm others can inflict ) , will help lessen the skepticism to their use in more mundane corporate situations .
If the U.S. Navy finds it in the national interest to share ship locations with other countries , do joint exercises with China , and send a hospital ship to Indonesia for months , all without formal treaties , surely companies should consider trusting their employees to share data among themselves , share formerly proprietary information with their customers , and participate in shared development with their competitors .
The " $ 100 Laptop " [ link ]
At the Diamond Management & Technology Consultants '
Exchange conference I got to play with one of the latest beta versions of OLPC 's XO computer .
Andy Lippman of the MIT Media Lab had one with him and let me have it for a few hours .
It really does work -- I got a thrill when I typed in " javascript : alert ( ' Hello ' ) " to the browser and up popped an alert box .
It 's a real computer , even if it 's still early and not ready for prime time ( booting is slow like a Windows machine but with the familiar Linux logging of what 's happening , no sleep mode or much power management , apps take many seconds to first launch , etc. ) .
This is not a toy .
Here are some photos to show the screen ( a new versatile , very inexpensive design ) indoors and outdoors and some software :
Outdoors in the late afternoon with the camera application
Close - up of the screen with that image
Turned around facing the sun low in the sky
Word processing
Browser and wifi picking up hotel 's network
Music application , including recording a short sample using the built - in mike
Next to my Toshiba 400 M showing the size ( it 's child - size )
Sunday , February 25 , 2007
Blogger Dim Sum podcast [ link ]
Jessica Baumgart organized a Blogger Dim Sum brunch to coincide with Dave Winer 's visit to the Boston area .
I was one of the attendees and used it as an opportunity to try out some new podcasting equipment .
I spent most of the time talking to Dave about Chris Daly 's book and to Amanda Watlington about a search engine issue I 've been having .
Early in the brunch when someone asked Shimon Rura to talk about Bar Camp I did a short podcast .
The venue was very noisy and I had to sit in one seat at a very large table ( that sat more than 10 people ) .
This was one of the hardest ways to do an informal recording .
Here 's a view of a little piece of the restaurant :
Here 's our table , seen from my vantage point :
Normally I would walk around and hold a mike near each person 's face to get a good recording , or pass around a wireless mike .
I decided to try something different here .
My new " toys " are ( in detail for those who care ... ) a Zoom H4 flash recorder and an Audio - Technica AT835B shotgun mike ( with a Rode SM3 shockmount and Remote Audio REGRIP hand grip ) .
The mike connects to the recorder using an XLR to XLR cable ( the H4 has XLR connectors -- those big things on professional mikes ) and I used one earplug to listen to the one channel I was recording .
( The H4 can take two separate inputs for dual mike recording with separate level control . )
I had the recorder set on " Compress " to even out the levels .
I chose the AT835B because it got good reviews , was relatively inexpensive for a shotgun mike , and I had good experience with an Audio - Technica AT831b lavalier I bought a year or so ago .
Here 's what that all looks like :
I just sat at my seat and pointed the highly directional mike towards whomever was speaking .
You 'll notice that when I talk , or Dave sitting next to me talks , our voices are very quiet compared to the person across the table unless I pointed directly to Dave or me even though the mike is much closer to us .
I was at least 5 feet from Shimon when he talked , and he did n't speak that loudly at all .
You can listen to this recording to hear how this setup does in such a tough environment .
The only audio post - processing I did was to put in a hard limit to clip off the two or three pops from when I bumped the mike , amplify everything so you do n't have to turn your volume up , mix the mono into stereo , and then save it all as a 64 K bps MP3 ( I record at 192 Kbps ) .
In Adobe Audition ( the music editing program I used ) this takes a couple of minutes .
It really sounds the same as it does completely raw out of the player .
It seems that this setup works , but it would help if people speak up when they are at a distance -- as if they were making sure that the person holding the mike can hear what they are saying .
Close up it sounds clear ( with little background sound ) like a normal mike up even closer .
Even at 5 feet away in a very noisy place , the voices are intelligible .
I look forward to using this for recording questions from the audience and maybe even panel discussions .
( You see mikes like this on boom poles being held near people for TV interviews -- often the foam wind shield is replaced by cooler looking fluffy things . )
The 4 and a half minute MP3 is linked to on my podcast page and it's also included in my podcast feed .
Wednesday , February 21 , 2007
Wiki deployment and adoption at Thomson Learning [ link ]
I 've posted another podcast .
This one is with Asheesh Birla , Executive Director of Strategic Production Technology Global Production at Thomson Learning .
I heard Asheesh talk last November at a Gilbane conference about his experience deploying a wiki at his company , starting with loading Open Source software onto an old laptop as the initial server .
Given the great popularity of my interview with Motorola 's Toby Redshaw on wiki deployment ( still dozens of downloads a day a year later ) I figured another example would be worthwhile .
I asked Asheesh to go through the deployment and adoption step by step , how he did it , what it was used for , who used it next , etc .
I asked him about savings , what to do and not do , etc .
He has hundreds of users actively editing wiki pages , including outside vendors .
When he started , he knew little about wikis -- just that friends at other companies told him he should try using one .
You 'll find a link to the 26 minute MP3 file on my podcast page and it's also included in my podcast feed .
Asheesh mentioned an article in the interview .
It 's " Thomson Teaches Tech Through Twikis " in Publishing Trends .
Asheesh can be reached through his gmail.com account ( his full name without any punctuation ) .
Friday , February 16 , 2007
Youtube videos in wikiCalc [ link ]
Steve Kohler of iWoorx ( the company that is integrating wikiCalc into their hosted offering ) put together a screencast that shows wikiCalc with a Youtube video embedded .
For the video he used the popular ( and wonderful ) " Web 2.0 ... The Machine is Us / ing Us " from Michael Wesch ( with permission ) and he did the screencast in the style of that video .
While it 's embarrassing to see wikiCalc shown off with all those advances in technology , it is fun to watch , and it 's heartening to read Steve 's report that Dr. Wesch said that wikiCalc is " fantastic " .
It 's really cool how it works out that editing in wikiCalc is done through Ajax in the browser in a way where you can do multiple edits while the video continues to play uninterrupted .
If you are interested , see " Watch Out !
Videos in your Spreadsheets ! " on Youtube .
The screencast was done to highlight what you can do when a spreadsheet can handle both regular text ( where " < " has no special meaning ) and HTML .
I tried to make wikiCalc be more " of the web " than traditional spreadsheets and this is one way of driving that point home .
Wednesday , February 14 , 2007
Podcast with wiki inventor Ward Cunningham [ link ]
I 'm finally back to being able to work on a wider range of things .
I 've been spending a lot of time with the Socialtext people ( via iChat video and Skype and wikis ) .
Now that wikiCalc 1.0 is released they are starting to put more resources ( including much more of their programmer time ) into SocialCalc .
We 'll see how long it is until you can see the start of the results .
Another thing I now have time for is podcasting and blogging .
I spent time last week getting Chris Daly 's blog set up .
As anyone who has started a new blog for a friend knows , there 's lots to do if the person is non-techie .
You have to help them get a domain and hosting account , create a template they like ( HTML , CSS , Photoshop , etc. , skills to exploit ... ) , and get the initial content up .
Then you need to show them how to read the stats , etc .
This week I fired up my podcasting setup -- it had been cannibalized for on - location recording of family events over the last few months .
I bought some more equipment I 've been meaning to get ( mostly to help me do things on - location -- more at some other time about what I got ) and learned how to use it .
One thing you might notice is that I now use a pop - filter over my mike .
Over the last many months I had asked a variety of people if they'd be willing to do a podcast and they said " yes " .
Unfortunately , I have n't be able to get to it until now .
I 've started slowly reconnecting with those people and setting up interview times .
Today I did my first new recording .
Today 's recording is a phone interview with Ward Cunningham .
Ward is known , among other things , for inventing and popularizing the wiki .
I met him at Wikimania last summer and we spent a lot of time talking .
It was clear that there 's lots we could talk about that others would find of interest , including from an historical point of view , so I asked him if he'd be willing to do a podcast interview .
This is the first of what I hope will be a series of interviews with him .
We had lots of areas we wanted to cover and only got to do about half of them ... and it still took almost an hour and a half .
You 'll find a link to the MP3 file on my podcast page and it's also included in my podcast feed .
Ward Cunningham last summer at Wikimania 2006
Despite all my attempts to improve the sound , Mother Nature intervened and throughout the interview I heard this pitter - patter coming out of my earphones .
It was the snow and sleet blowing against the window .
As many of you know the East Coast got hit by a big winter storm today .
I hope it's not too distracting , but removing it would have taken quite a while with my sound editing skills .
For those of you who space out listening to all the techie talk about Ward 's background ( which , you 'll hear later on has relevance to his development of the wiki ) and writing the first wiki , hang in there -- we do get to philosophical things about wikis , why he did certain things , what he dropped , and more .
Friday , February 9 , 2007
Covering America draft chapters [ link ]
Chris Daly has a new website and blog that many of you will find of interest .
Readers who have followed my writing for many years may remember the name Chris Daly .
Chris is my next door neighbor .
For many years he worked as a journalist , including being the Washington Post New England correspondent and the AP Massachusetts State House Bureau Chief .
He is currently a professor of journalism at Boston University where he has been teaching for about 10 years .
Chris Daly
Chris was a major contributor to the ideas in the old " Good Documents " website I published back in 1998 that covered writing for the web , as well as my " Pamphleteer and Web Sites " essay in 2001 .
I linked to his " Are Bloggers Journalists ?
Let 's Ask Thomas Jefferson " essay back in February 2005 after Apple sued the bloggers .
Bloggers who are wary of " old school " journalists should see from this that he's not a knee - jerk anti-blogger and has good ideas to offer .
For the last few years Chris has been working on a book titled " Covering America " which is a history of journalism in the United States .
I 've been getting to be an early reader as he finishes each chapter .
He 's nearing the end , being up to somewhere in the mid-20th century .
I 've found the book very readable , fascinating , and especially relevant to today .
As we debate " net neutrality " , the place for bloggers at the " news " table , and what tone and which disclaimers are appropriate , it really helps to see things from the perspective of how we got here .
" Journalism " and the role and " freedom " of the " press " have gone through an incredible evolution , heavily affected by technology and the ideas and personal needs of individual innovators .
It is just as likely that we are crafting major changes today .
This book drives that home .
Chris is a talented writer so the book keeps your attention .
He gives short , very human biographies of the people involved .
A major theme is relating the evolution of journalism to the history of the country .
I found that looking at U.S. history through the eyes of a journalism historian is quite interesting and illuminating .
I 've forgotten a lot from high school but after reading the draft chapters I feel I have a much better understanding of U.S. history and how " democracy " as we think of it ( and some of the related institutions ) developed .
It was certainly not a quick , obvious move from mentioning " the press " in a constitution to what we have today .
Writing a book and getting it published takes a long time .
For me this has been very frustrating because what I have read so far is in itself very relevant to discussions I have important topics , but I can't share the details with others except to say " wait until you read this book my neighbor is writing ... "
Chris also has a to deal with writing the last chapter , covering the period of 1990 through the present , where getting input directly from others who have lived through it ( and affected it ) will be necessary because there are fewer other histories and biographies to use for source material .
To address these needs , Chris got permission from his publisher to post drafts of parts of the book .
I 've been helping him set up a blog to go with those drafts .
This afternoon we got it to the point where he can tell others and start to participate in a more public conversation around it and the issues it deals with .
Go to www.journalismprofessor.com and take a look at the two chapters posted there .
They cover 1704 through 1832 .
Send Chris any comments .
I took the photo used as the banner at the top of Chris ' website .
I used some stuff I found around my office , including my grandfather 's portable typewriter .
He was editor of a small newspaper in Philadelphia .
I learned to type on that machine .
Thursday , January 25 , 2007
wikiCalc goes 1.0 ! [ link ]
After over a year and a half of work ( part - time ) , I 'm finally releasing the wikiCalc web authoring system as a " 1.0 " product .
This means it has a pretty complete set of features for producing the quality output for which it was designed , has been relatively stable for a period of time , and has a reasonable amount of documentation .
People who have held off testing or using the product until this point should now start taking a look .
This is the code that will be the starting point for the SocialCalc project .
You 'll find the new documentation , and a link to the downloads , on the new wikiCalc Product Home Page .
This new documentation includes a " Features " page giving an overview of the product , a news page with an RSS feed , an " If you are new to wikiCalc ... " page , and more .
The documentation on the website is much more extensive than before .
There are separate pages with details about setting up " Edit This Page " , " Live Viewing " , and other technical topics .
The product Help files are reproduced , too .
It is written from the point of view that many users will be setting up remote - access to hosted versions of wikiCalc .
Coincidentally , the registration for the wikiCalc trademark just came through so I was able to reflect that in the code and documentation .
It 's now wikiCalc circle - R. I applied right around the time I started coding the product .
Both things took time .
In honor of the step up to a version 1.0 , I 'm now using a logo for wikiCalc .
It 's based on the theme of some artwork I 'll release later , but done in a way I can shrink down as small as a 16x16 icon .
The theme is a representation of a wikiCalc sheet of individual cells as a flock of birds .
It fits with the idea that different birds take turns being the lead bird ( very wiki - like ) , the neck and wings of the bird look like a " W " , the connection of " Free Software " and " free as a bird " , etc. , etc .
I love the feeling of striving to go higher that I get from looking at the image .
Here 's the current incarnation of the logo :
Others have already started taking advantage of wikiCalc .
I designed it to be localizable into other languages , and reportedly Russian and Polish are far along , with more on the way including German , Italian , and Japanese .
( I used Zbigniew Lukasiak 's rather complete Polish translation to test a lot of the localization code and catch bugs . )
One person has written code for parsing and searching the edit log audit trail that wikiCalc keeps .
As I fire up the Open Source project with the Socialtext people I 'll include places to post and keep track of these things .
There are companies in addition to Socialtext considering providing hosted services based upon wikiCalc .
One that sprung up on its own is on the iWoorx website .
iWoorx adapted the wikiCalc code to create a portal targeted at business users who use spreadsheets and email daily for exchanging simpler spreadsheets .
They added more advanced user administration , cool graphing capabilities , and a " test drive " capability .
They let users subscribe to some preconfigured collaborative spreadsheet pages designed for coordinating globally sourced consumer products .
You can try their " test drives " without signing up .
They are meant as an educational tool to introduce regular business people to the " wiki-ness " of wikiCalc in a portal environment .
Seeing wikiCalc integrated with animated Flash graphs ( in their " Live ChartLinx " test drive ) is really cool and is just the type of thing I was hoping to see from others who took advantage of the open nature of wikiCalc .
I 'm not involved in the iWoorx project and it makes me feel great to see what others are doing all on their own with my creation .
Steve Kohler of Ecom Partners , Inc. , which created iWoorx , has a background in consumer products which influences his slant to the product .
He wrote me that " we chose to develop with wikiCalc because it was uniquely designed for multi-person authoring , and it supported our LAMP open source strategy .
And the code is really clean and well documented , too . "
( Thanks , Steve , for the kind words -- others may beg to differ about the clean code ... )
i Woorx is the first product to include this optional banner :
With all of the excitement around the experimentation with products and services lumped under the term " Web 2.0 " it 's time for a web spreadsheet engine that is open to all around which to innovate .
I chose Perl for the implementation because it is accessible to a wide range of programmers with a wide range of abilities and is easy to get running on almost any system .
Many people have already successfully started digging into the wikiCalc code to see how they can mold it to their ideas .
Others are putting it into everyday use as is .
I 'm looking forward to seeing where it goes .
Let me know how you 're using it .
Now that wikiCalc has made the step to version 1.0 status , it is time to look to the future .
There are many important features to be added and many people to bring into the project so that it can flourish .
I intend to continue devoting a lot of time to this product .
Here 's what will happen next :
As I wrote back last June , Socialtext is going to integrate wikiCalc functionality into their wiki system and provide hosting and support to those that want it .
They are also funding an open source project around the wikiCalc code so that I can move the product forward as part of a community .
This wikiCalc 1.0 code will form the base release to start what Socialtext is calling the SocialCalc project .
While the Software Garden release of wikiCalc is covered under the GPL 2.0 license , Software Garden is the author of the entire wikiCalc product and owner of the copyright .
There have been no " contributions " .
This will change with the SocialCalc codebase .
That code will be developed much more in the open and will accept contributions from others ( subject to my approval for now ) who will hold the copyright to their contributions .
My development work on new features will be going into SocialCalc , and Socialtext will be providing a lot of developer time , too , so that is where the future action will be .
SocialCalc will be released under a Socialtext Public License that , being based on the Mozilla Public License 1.1 , may be more appropriate for some companies who have issues with the GPL .
( For users that want code covered under the GPL , this wikiCalc version 1.0 will always be available under that license . )
There will be more news about SocialCalc at a later time .
Commission officials said that they were evaluating the overall diligence of the laboratory and that they did not try to determine whether its weaknesses had contributed to problems with specific machines .
Computer scientists have shown that some electronic machines now in use are vulnerable to hacking .
Some scientists caution that even a simple software error could affect thousands of votes .
In various places , elections have been complicated by machines that did not start , flipped votes from one candidate to another or had trouble tallying the votes .
Until recently , the laboratories that test voting software and hardware have operated without federal scrutiny .
Even though Washington and the states have spent billions to install the new technologies , the machine manufacturers have always paid for the tests that assess how well they work , and little has been disclosed about any flaws that were discovered .
As soon as federal officials began a new oversight program in July , they detected the problems with Ciber .
The commission held up its application for interim accreditation , thus barring Ciber from approving new voting systems in most states .
Ciber , a large information technology company , also has a $ 3 million contract to help New York test proposed systems from six manufacturers .
Nystec , a consulting firm in Rome , N.Y. , that the state hired , filed a report in late September criticizing Ciber for creating a plan to test the software security that “ did not specify any test methods or procedures for the majority of the requirements . ”
The report said the plan did not detail how Ciber would look for bugs in the computer code or check hacking defenses .
A spokeswoman for Ciber , Diane C. Stoner , said that the company believed that it had addressed all the problems and that it expected to receive its initial federal accreditation this month .
Federal officials said they were evaluating the changes the company had made .
Miss Crolla , 26 , used to play netball for England
Parents of children at the Royton and Crompton School complained after the photo of 26 - year - old Louise Crolla appeared in the News of the World .
The head teacher of the school in Oldham , Greater Manchester , has told the agency she works for not to send her back while an inquiry takes place .
Miss Crolla , from Bury , said she had been " horrified " to see the article .
She insisted she was not seeking a modelling career and said the pictures had been taken about four years ago .
" I have been totally stitched up by a photographer who took personal pictures and has decided to make some money out of it , " she added .
Full support
Miss Crolla , a former England netball player , was employed at the 1,157 - pupil mixed comprehensive through an agency and was not a full member of staff .
Until last month , she had been teaching at Matthew Moss High School in Rochdale .
Oldham Council 's service director for schools Nick Hudson said : " Head teacher Des Herlihy has the full support of the local authority in the way he is dealing with this matter , based on the facts available to him at present and also information which is still unfolding .
" Further , through the school 's own internal procedures we are fully satisfied that Mr Herlihy has taken the necessary steps to ensure that the normal teaching and learning environment has not been compromised in any way . "
We ’re starting to undertake a few new initiatives , here at Mozilla that attempt to find ways to benefit web developers – and by extension , JavaScript Libraries .
I think this is an excellent movement , so I ’m doing everything that I can to support it and push it forward .
With that in mind , here ’s an introduction to one of the first initiatives that we ’re undertaking .
JavaScript libraries can be fickle beasts .
Generally speaking , they attempt to pave over browser bugs and interfaces , providing a consistent base - layer that users can build upon .
This is a challenging task , as bugs can frequently be nonsensical – and even result in browser crashes .
There are a number of techniques that can be used to know about , and work around , bugs or missing features – but generally speaking , object detection is the safest way to determine is specific feature is available , and usable .
Unfortunately , in real - world JavaScript development , object detection can only get you so far .
For example , there ’s no object that you can ‘ detect ’ to determine if browsers return inaccurate attribute values from getAttribute , if they execute inline script tags on DOM injection , or if they fail to return correct results from a getElements ByTagName query .
Additionally , object detection has the ability to completely fail .
Safari currently has a super - nasty bugs related to object detection .
For example , assuming that you have a variable and you need to determine if it contains a single DOM Element , or a DOM NodeList .
One one would think that it would be as simple as :
if ( elem.nodeName ) { // it 's an element } else { // it 's a nodelist }
However , in the current version of Safari , this causes the browser to completely crash , for reasons unknown .
( However , I ’m fairly certain that this has already been fixed in the nightlies . )
Side Story I was in the group of JavaScript developers who provided feature / bug fix recommendations to Microsoft for their next version of IE .
A huge issue that we were faced with was that we were knowingly asking Microsoft to both break their browser and alienate their existing userbase , in the name of standards .
For example , if Microsoft adds proper DOM Events ( addEventListener , etc. ) – should they then remove their IE - specific event model ( attachEvent , etc. ) ?
Assuming that they do decide to remove the deprecated interfaces , this will have serious effects upon JavaScript developers and libraries ( although , in the case of the DOM Event model , object detection is a viable solution and is , therefore , completely future - compatible . )
Additionally , in Internet Explorer , doing object detection checks can , sometimes , cause actual function executions to occur .
For example :
if ( elem.getAttribute ) { // will die in Internet Explorer }
That line will cause problems as Internet Explorer attempts to execute the getAttribute function with no arguments ( which is invalid ) .
( The obvious solution is to use “ typeof elem.getAttribute == ‘ undefined ' ” instead . )
The point of these examples is n’t to rag on Safari or Internet Explorer in particular , but to point out that rendering - engine checks can end up becoming very convoluted – and thusly , more vulnerable to future changes within a browser .
This is a very important point .
A browser deciding to fix bugs can cause more problems for a JavaScript developer than simply adding new features .
For every bugfix , there are huge ramifications .
Developers expect interfaces to work and behave in very - specific ways .
The recent Internet Explorer 7 release can be seen as a case study in this .
They fixed numerous CSS - rendering errors in their engine , which caused an untold number of web sites to render incorrectly .
By fixing bugs , shockwaves were sent throughout the entire web development industry .
All of this is just a long - winded way of saying : Browsers will introduce bugs .
Either these bugs are going to be legitimate mistakes or unavoidable bug fixes – either way , they ’ll be regressions that JavaScript developers will have to deal with .
At Mozilla , we ’ve looked at this issue and Mike Shaver came up with an excellent solution : Simply include the test suites of popular JavaScript libraries inside the Mozilla code base .
Doing this will provide , at least two , huge benefits :
Library developers will be able to know about unavoidable regressions and adjust their code before the release even occurs .
Mozilla developers will be able to have a massively - expanded test suite that will help to catch any unintended bugs .
In addition to making sure that less , general , bugs will be introduced into the system , library authors and users will be content knowing that their code is already working in the next version of Firefox , without having to do any extra work .
What progress has already been made ?
Mochikit ‘s test suite ( Mochitest ) is already a part of Mozilla ’s official test suite ( it ’s used to test UI - specific features ) .
I ’ve already touched base with Alex Russel , of Dojo , and I ’ll be working to integrate their test suite once Dojo 0.9 hits .
Perhaps unsurprisingly , I ’ll be working to integrate jQuery ’s test suite into the core , too .
Additionally , I ’m also starting to contact other popular library developers attempting to get , at least , a static copy of their test suite in place .
Note :
This initiative is n’t limited to straight JavaScript libraries .
If you have a large , testable , JavaScript - heavy , Open Source project let me know and I ’ll be sure to start moving things forward .
For example , some form of testing for Zimbra will probably come into play .
In all , I think this is a fantastic step forward – and a step that really shows the immediate benefits of having an open development process centered around browser implementations .
I hope to see other browser manufacturers catch on too , as having universally - available pre-release library testing will simply help too many users to count .
© All content copyright of the artist , 2004 .
Reproduction of images not permitted without written consent .
" L03.jpg " / 4 " x5 " / oil on canvas / 2002
" 007.jpg " / 4 " x5 " / oil on canvas / 2002
" kate20.jpg " / 4 " x5 " / oil on canvas / 2002
" 06.jpg " / 4 " x5 " / oil on canvas / 2002
" 16_2.jpg " / 8" x10 " / oil on canvas / 2002
" 011.jpg " / 5 " x7 " / oil on canvas / 2002
" 10.jpg " / 11" x15 " / oil on canvas / 2002
" t14.jpg " / 5 " x7 " / oil on canvas / 2002
" 014.jpg " / 8" x10 " / oil on canvas / 2002
" 03.jpg " / 5 " x7 " / oil on canvas / 2002
" 007.jpg " / 8" x10 " / oil on canvas / 2002
" prvm151_l1.jpg " / 8" x10 " / oil on canvas / 2002
" SGAM - 063.jpg " / 5 " x7 " / oil on canvas / 2002
" 15_2.jpg " / 4 " x5 " / oil on canvas / 2002
" pvs021v_l1.jpg " / 4 " x5 " / oil on canvas / 2002
Kill him .
Kill her .
Kill It .
Kill everything ... that IS the solution !
┌ П ┐ ( _ ) ┌ П ┐ twitchy molests my signature !
In his State of the Union address , President Bush proposed tax cuts to make health insurance more affordable for the uninsured .
The next day , Stephen Colbert had this to say on his show on Comedy Central : “ It ’s so simple .
Most people who ca n’t afford health insurance also are too poor to owe taxes .
But if you give them a deduction from the taxes they do n’t owe , they can use the money they ’re not getting back from what they have n’t given to buy the health care they ca n’t afford . ”
Just so .
As health economists have long known , market incentives induce private insurers to spend vast sums to avoid people who may actually require health care .
This problem is mitigated ( though not eliminated ) by employer - provided group policies .
Because Mr. Bush ’s proposal would steer people toward individual policies , it would actually strengthen the incentive to shun unhealthy people .
Such people can now keep their insurance by not changing jobs .
But no private company would want them as individual policyholders at a price anyone could afford .
That Mr. Bush ’s proposal will not shrink the ranks of the uninsured is not its most serious problem .
Far more troubling is its embrace of a system under which we spend more than twice as much on health care , on average , as the 21 countries in which life expectancy exceeds ours .
American costs are so high in part because the reliance on private insurance multiplies administrative expenses , currently about 31 percent of total outlays .
Most health economists agree that government - financed reimbursement is the only practical way to control these expenses , many of them stemming from insurers ’ efforts to identify and avoid unhealthy people .
Canada ’s single - payer health system , which covers everyone , spends less than 17 percent on administrative expenses .
Greater demand for land is threatening species ' long - term survival ( WWF - Canon / Michel Gunther )
The group 's biannual Living Planet Report said the natural world was being degraded " at a rate unprecedented in human history " .
Terrestrial species had declined by 31 % between 1970 - 2003 , the findings showed .
It warned that if demand continued at the current rate , two planets would be needed to meet global demand by 2050 .
The biodiversity loss was a result of resources being consumed faster than the planet could replace them , the authors said .
They added that if the world 's population shared the UK 's lifestyle , three planets would be needed to support their needs .
LIVING PLANET REPORT
The planet 's resources are overused by 25 %
Per capita the US uses four times the resources of South Africa Polar bear populations have declined by 30 %
In maps and graphics
The nations that were shown to have the largest " ecological footprints " were the United Arab Emirates , the United States and Finland .
Paul King , WWF director of campaigns , said the world was running up a " serious ecological debt " .
" It is time to make some vital choices to enable people to enjoy a one planet lifestyle , " he said .
" The cities , power plants and homes we build today will either lock society into damaging over - consumption beyond our lifetimes , or begin to propel this and future generations towards sustainable one planet living . "
The report , compiled by the Zoological Society of London ( ZSL ) and the Global Footprint Network , is based on data from two indicators :
Living Planet Index - assesses the health of the planet 's ecosystems
- assesses the health of the planet 's ecosystems Ecological Footprint - measures human demand on the natural world
The Living Planet Index tracked the population of 1,313 vertebrate species of fish , amphibians , reptiles , birds and mammals from around the world .
It found that these species had declined by about 30 % since 1970 , suggesting that natural ecosystems were being degraded at an unprecedented rate .
The Ecological Footprint measured the amount of biologically productive land and water to meet the demand for food , timber , shelter , and absorb the pollution from human activity .
The report concluded that the global footprint exceeded the earth 's biocapacity by 25 % in 2003 , which meant that the Earth could no longer keep up with the demands being placed upon it .
The findings echo a study published earlier this month that said the world went into " ecological debt " on 9 October this year .
The study by UK - based think - tank New Economics Foundation ( Nef ) was based on the Ecological Footprint data compiled by the Global Footprint Network , which also provided the figures for this latest report from the WWF .
' Large - scale collapse '
One of the report 's editors , Jonathan Loh from the Zoological Society of London , said : " [ It ] is a stark indication of the rapid and ongoing loss of biodiversity worldwide .
" Populations of species in terrestrial , marine and freshwater ecosystems have declined by more than 30 % since 1970 , " he added .
" In the tropics the declines are even more dramatic , as natural resources are being intensively exploited for human use . "
The report outlined five scenarios based on the data from the two indicators , ranging from " business as usual " to " transition to a sustainable society " .
Under the " business as usual " scenario , the authors projected that to meet the demand for resources in 2050 would be twice as much as what the Earth could provide .
HAVE YOUR SAY
As long as materialism is the new religion I can see no way people will reduce their consumption
Salik Rafiq , Blackburn
Send us your comments
To deliver a shift towards a " sustainable society " scenario would require " significant action now " on issues such as energy generation , transport and housing .
The latest Living Planet Report is the sixth in a series of publications which began in 1998 .
Probe cites broadcasting official
The chairman of the Broadcasting Board of Governors misused government money on several occasions , overbilling for his time and funneling unauthorized contracts to a friend , State Department investigators concluded .
According to a summary of a report by the State Department ’s inspector general released Tuesday , Kenneth Tomlinson misused government funds for two years as chairman of the organization , which oversees the Voice of America , Radio Free Europe and other U.S. government broadcasting abroad .
Tomlinson stepped down last fall as a board member of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting , which helps fund public television , amid allegations of promoting conservative programming .
The State Department investigation found that Tomlinson , as a political appointee to the Broadcasting Board of Governors , signed invoices worth about $ 245,000 for a friend without the knowledge of other board members or staff .
Tomlinson also used the board ’s resources to support his private horse racing operation and overbilled the organization for his time , in some instances billing both the Broadcasting Board of Governors and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting for the same time worked .
State investigators note in the summary of the report that the U.S. attorney ’s office in Washington had decided a criminal investigation was not warranted .
A civil investigation , however , on charges stemming from hiring his friend as a contractor was still pending , the summary noted .
Three Democratic lawmakers , Sen. Chris Dodd and Reps. Howard Berman and Tom Lantos , requested the inquiry last year .
In a statement , Dodd called the findings “ extremely disturbing . ”
“ Even more disturbing is that the president has yet to demand Mr. Tomlinson ’s resignation , and the Justice Department has apparently declined to pursue a criminal investigation of Mr. Tomlinson ’s actions , ” said Dodd , D - Conn . , in a statement .
Dodd , Lantos , D - Calif. , and Berman , D - Calif. , sent Bush a letter Tuesday urging him to remove Tomlinson from his position .
Bill Moyer had a particular run in with Tomlinson when he ended a PBS Now segment Bill Moyers ’ speech to the National Conference for Media Reform
Strange things began to happen .
Friends in Washington called to say that they had heard of muttered threats that the PBS reauthorization would be held off “ unless Moyers is dealt with . ”
“ I wore my flag tonight .
First time .
Until now I have n’t thought it necessary to display a little metallic icon of patriotism for everyone to see .
It was enough to vote , pay my taxes , perform my civic duties , speak my mind , and do my best to raise our kids to be good Americans .
“ Sometimes I would offer a small prayer of gratitude that I had been born in a country whose institutions sustained me , whose armed forces protected me , and whose ideals inspired me ; I offered my heart ’s affections in return .
It no more occurred to me to flaunt the flag on my chest than it did to pin my mother ’s picture on my lapel to prove her son ’s love .
Mother knew where I stood ; so does my country .
I even tuck a valentine in my tax returns on April 15 .
“ So what ’s this doing here ?
Well , I put it on to take it back .
The flag ’s been hijacked and turned into a logo — the trademark of a monopoly on patriotism .
On those Sunday morning talk shows , official chests appear adorned with the flag as if it is the good housekeeping seal of approval .
During the State of the Union , did you notice Bush and Cheney wearing the flag ?
How come ?
No administration ’s patriotism is ever in doubt , only its policies .
And the flag bestows no immunity from error .
When I see flags sprouting on official lapels , I think of the time in China when I saw Mao ’s little red book on every official ’s desk , omnipresent and unread .
What was Tomlinson about , he was the poorly disguised Trojan Horse sent behind the lines to make PBS less fair and less balanced .
Careful analysis of the issues was ushered out and far right opinion was put in , PBS Scrutiny Raises Political Antennas
Late last week , CPB ’s board declined to renew the contract of its chief executive , Kathleen Cox , a veteran administrator at the agency .
She was replaced by Ken Ferree , a Republican who had been a top adviser to Michael Powell , the former chairman of the Federal Communications Commission .
The Ferree appointment followed the dismissals or departures in recent months of at least three other senior CPB officials , all of whom had Democratic affiliations .
“ We do n’t want to be alarmist , but I would be less than honest if I said there was n’t concern here , ” said one senior executive at PBS , who insisted on anonymity because CPB provides about 10 percent of its annual budget .
“ When you put it all together , a pattern starts to emerge . ”
A “ pattern starts to emerge ” , purges of those that do n’t bend to the ideological will of a sudden influx of new and staunchly far right management could be modestly described as a pattern .
On hearing back concerns about the white collar Stalin - lite cleansing of anyone not willing to get with the program that sterling pillar of integrity and horse farming Mr. Tomlinson had this to say ,
In an interview yesterday , CPB board chairman Ken Tomlinson called such comments “ paranoia , ” and said critics of CPB ’s initiatives should “ grow up . ”
“ We ’re only seeking balance , ” said Tomlinson .
“ I am concerned about perceptions that not all parts of the political spectrum are reflected on public broadcasting .
[ But ] there are no hidden agendas . ”
Facing the jury of public opinion can one really argue that a man who was appointed for his loyalty to party rather then experience in broadcasting and later funnled taxpayer monies into his own pocket in the brazen way that Tomlinson has , be trusted with issues of integrity such as what constitutes balanced programming .
Would the jury take investment advice from the Ken Lay of news managers .
It has been the conventional whining by the far right for years that PBS ’s programing was decidedly liberal , most people did n’t think so ,
A series of focus group sessions and two national surveys conducted by two polling firms — the Tarrance Group and Lake Snell Perry & Associates — found few perceptions of bias in PBS ’s or NPR ’s reporting in 2002 and 2003 .
For example , among people who identified themselves as “ news and information consumers , ” 36 percent said PBS ’s coverage of the Bush administration in 2003 was “ fair and balanced , ” and 46 percent offered no opinion .
In the mind of the modern conservative where there is doubt of bias or absence of proof of bias that is a vacuum and that vacuum shall be filled with anti-american right - wing ideology .
There is an odd ending quote from Tomlinson in the WaPo piece ,
If we do n’t have true excellence , we wo n’t be able to gain the support we need .
We have to make sure that these [ programming ] concerns do n’t prevent us from gaining the national consensus we need . ”
Yes Tomlinson was eventually booted out of the CPB , but that did n’t stop the Bush administarion from placing him on the Broadcasting Board of Governors .
Facts being terrible things and all , they rarely have , need , or should serve a consensus .
I ’m human I would love for the facts to always fall to my point of view , but being an adult citizen means accepting that they do n’t .
That is why no matter how much the media bends to the right it will never be enough .
The right is not composed of grown - ups , its composed of rabid partisans that are never happy unless the news presents them with a regurgitation of their preconceptions about the world .
Anything that jars the Right ’s mental constructions must be purged .
Whatever this approach to fairness is , it is not American .
It is mean and nationalistic .
That so - called bastion of liberalism , the institution that Ann Coulter would most like to see bombed , the NYT was as part of its duties as public watchdogs of democracy was supposed to take an unglaring look at Kenneth Y. Tomlinson ’s activities at the Corporation for Public Broadcasting ( CPB ) .
What did they find in this thoughtful analysis ,
New York Times reporters Stephen Labaton , Lorne Manley , and Elizabeth Jensen noted that CPB recently appointed two ombudsmen “ to review the content of public radio and television broadcasts . ”
But the article failed to note that one of the ombudsmen , William Schulz , is an avowed conservative with close ties to Tomlinson , while the other , Ken Bode , is a former journalist and a fellow at the conservative Hudson Institute who last year endorsed Indiana Republican gubernatorial candidate Mitch Daniels .
In addition , the Times story made no mention that CPB ’s new chief operating officer and acting president is a former Bush administration official .
Tomlinson was editor - in - chief of Reader ’s Digest before resigning to work on Republican Steve Forbes ’ 1996 presidential campaign , according to a February 13 , 1996 , article in the Richmond Times - Dispatch .
Schulz and Tomlinson worked together at Reader ’s Digest , where Schulz was the Washington editor and an editor - at - large .
I think that ’s called political incest .
So in order to make sure that PBS is cleansed of all traces of liberalism perceived or real we have the Three Stooges of conservatism – Tomlinson , William Schulz , and Ken Bode .
New ombud office met with smiles and suspicion
An April 28 [ 2005 ]
NPR report stated that this was the case , reporting that CPB Board Chairman Ken Tomlinson said he hired two ombudsmen because “ he wants a diversity of views along the ideological spectrum . ”
A diversity of opinion ?
Tomlinson hires Elmer Fudd and Elmore Fudd Two and thought that was a diversity of opinion .
The whole question of what an ombudsmen is was run over like a blind deer by a Mac truck ,
NPR ’s Dvorkin , president of the international Organization of News Ombudsmen , says the “ question of accountability ” is one of the reasons his group is n’t sure if CPB ’s ombudsmen qualify for membership .
Such monitors are traditionally
So Tomlinson , who never should have been appointed in place of Kathleen Cox gets into office and brings along some wiseguys and proceeds to use the CPB like the backroom of an organized crime betting parlour , thus Bush rewards him with Broadcasting Board of Governors , the Don Vito to Tomlinson ’s Sonny .
Just another day in Conservative America .
Published online 23 August 2006 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news060821-8
News
New observations may help extend the periodic table .
Research unveiled this week may help pinpoint the ' island of stability ' — a theoretical region of relatively stable but very heavy elements beyond the limits of the current periodic table .
Rolf - Dietmar Herzberg from the University of Liverpool , UK , heads a large team who have examined high - energy states of the element nobelium using the particle accelerator of the University of Jvyäskylä , Finland .
The results , published in Nature1 , will constrain theorists ' view of exactly where the island of stability lies .
The fabled island of stability should lie on co-ordinates where there are a ' magic ' number of protons and neutrons .
Courtesy of Yuri Oganessian / Joint , Institute for Nuclear Research - Dubna
Since the 1940s , scientists have tried to expand the periodic table by smashing atomic nuclei together to create heavier elements .
This is tough , because the protons and neutrons packed into a nucleus resist the fusion of two nuclei .
And even if the nuclei stick , the fused nucleus may not last : the heavier it is , the more rapidly it falls apart again by radioactive decay to form smaller , more stable atoms .
Physicists claim to have made and detected elements with up to 118 protons ( the periodic table lists elements according to the number of protons in their nuclei ) although only 111 elements are officially acknowledged .
But many of the very - high - number elements last just fractions of a second before decaying .
Magic numbers
Yet physicists still hope to find some ' superheavy ' nuclei that are stable for minutes or hours .
That 's because theoretical models suggest that nuclei with particular numbers of protons ( Z ) and neutrons ( N ) , called ' magic numbers ' , are unusually stable .
A simple version of the theory behind magic numbers visualises protons and neutrons inside a nucleus filling up levels of increasing energy , like the layers of an onion .
But these layers are not evenly spaced : many levels are close together and form ' shells ' , with relatively large energy gaps between shells .
A ' magic ' number is the number of particles it takes to perfectly fill up a shell — once a shell is filled , it would take a large jump in energy for one of those particles to cross the gap to the next highest level .
A nucleus with a full outer shell is unusually stable , just as the noble gases , which have the right number of electrons to exactly fill electron shells , are unusually unreactive .
For lighter elements , the energy levels and the magic numbers are well known ( see box ) .
And the higher magic numbers for neutrons are well predicted by theory .
But the theory is less certain for protons : for them , the picture is more complicated because their positive charges repel each other .
We would be a step closer to finding out the magic Z numbers if researchers could measure the exact energy levels in the higher shells .
Then theorists could work out the Z numbers that should make heavy nuclei stable — in other words , pinpoint the fabled ' island of stability ' beyond the current limits of the periodic table .
Now Herzberg 's team has given theorists some data to chew on , working out an energy level so energetic that it could be filled only in elements beyond position 114 in the periodic table .
All excited
The researchers did this by studying nobelium - 254 ( element 102 ) , the heaviest element they could make in relatively large quantities .
They produced excited versions of nobelium - 254 , in which protons and neutrons are bumped up to higher energy levels than normal .
They then carefully watched as the atoms relaxed back to a non-excited state .
By monitoring the energy of every particle or wave produced by this relaxation , they could calculate the exact energy levels in the higher shells before the relaxation .
The highest level they could pin down turned out to be equivalent to that occupied by non-excited elements that have 115 protons or more .
A separate team working at Argonne National Laboratory , Illinois , will shortly publish similar results .
Theorists will now need to account for these energy levels in the models they use to calculate high magic numbers .
On the beach
ADVERTISEMENT
But there could be bigger problems ahead .
Recent research suggests there may not be an exact island of stability at all .
The whole notion of distinct shells — and therefore magic numbers — in superheavy nuclei is rather fragile , explains Witold Nazarewicz , a physicist from the University of Tennessee in Knoxville .
Theorists now think that the highest energy levels in the superheavy elements may all be equally spaced , with medium - sized gaps between them : the big energy jump that would make a shell very stable is not there .
" This makes a general region of ' magicity ' , " Nazarewicz says .
This semi-stable ' beach ' region should occur in atoms with around 120 to 126 protons .
" Our theorist friends have thrown a wrench in the works , " says Ken Moody , of the Lawrence Livermore Laboratory in Berkeley , California .
Even supposing some superheavy elements are theoretically more stable , actually making them will prove a huge challenge .
One problem is that elements existing at the ' island of stability ' will probably have to be neutron - rich , and researchers cannot easily make neutron - rich elements : the lighter elements available for fusion experiments have a higher percentage of protons in their nuclei than the exotic heavier elements .
This leads to a shortfall of neutrons when atoms of the lighter elements are fused .
Nonetheless , Herzberg is excited by his team 's measurements .
" It 's like a message in a bottle from the island of stability , " he says .
Visit our searchoftheislandofsta.html " > newsblog to read and post comments about this story .
University of Liverpool , UK
Scanning electron micrograph of a prototype ' nanoknife ' shows a single carbon nanotube stretched between two tungsten needles .
Triangular probe is the tip of an atomic force cantilever used to determine the breaking point of the knife .
( Color added for clarity . )
Credit : NIST/CU
Researchers at the National Institute of Standards and Technology and the University of Colorado at Boulder have designed a carbon nanotube knife that , in theory , would work like a tight - wire cheese slicer .
In a paper presented this month at the 2006 International Mechanical Engineering Congress and Exposition , the research team announced a prototype nanoknife that could , in the future , become a tabletop tool of biology , allowing scientists to cut and study cells more precisely than they can today .
For years , biologists have wrestled with conventional diamond or glass knives , which cut frozen cell samples at a large angle , forcing the samples to bend and sometimes later crack .
Because carbon nanotubes are extremely strong and slender in diameter , they make ideal materials for thinly cutting precise slivers of cells .
In particular , scientists might use the nanoknife to make 3D images of cells and tissues for electron tomography , which requires samples less than 300 nanometers thick .
By manipulating carbon nanotubes inside scanning electron microscopes , 21st - century nanosmiths have begun crafting a suite of research tools , including nanotweezers , nanobearings and nano - oscillators .
To design the nanoknife , the NIST and CU scientists welded a carbon nanotube between two electrochemically sharpened tungsten needles .
In the resulting prototype , the nanotube stretches between two ends of a tungsten wire loop .
The knife resembles a steel wire that cuts a block of cheese .
To begin demonstrating the feasibility of their knife design , the researchers assessed its mechanical strength in force tests , applying increasing pressure to the device .
The team found that the welds were the weakest point of the nanoknife , and they are now experimenting with alternative welding techniques .
The researchers plan to test the nanoknife on a block of wax later this year ( cells typically are immobilized in wax for dissection and microscopy . )
Reference : G. Singh , P. Rice , R.J. McIntosh and R.L. Mahajan .
Fabrication and mechanical characterization of carbon nanotube based nanoknives .
Proceedings of IMECE2006 , 2006 ASME International Mechanical Engineering Congress and Exposition .
November 2006 .
Source : National Institute of Standards and Technology
A reward of as much as $ 25,000 was announced today in the case of a portable computer hard drive missing from the Birmingham Veterans Administration Medical Center .
The FBI and the Department of Veterans Affairs is seeking information and / or the return of the hard drive that contained personal information on at least a half - million people .
Criminal and administrative investigations were launched Jan. 23 .
The hard drive was reported missing from the VA 's office in the Pickwick Convention Center by an employee in medical research who had used it to back up records , VA officials have said .
The reward is also being offered for the identification of anyone responsible for the loss of the Iomega external hard drive .
Anyone with information is asked to call the VA Medical Center at 933-8101 , ext. 4401 ; the FBI at 326-6166 ; the VA OIG hot line at 1-800-488-8244 ; or the VA Medical Center Police at 933-8101 , ext. 6444 .
Carol Robinson
By Caroline Wyatt
BBC Paris correspondent
The French are fighting back against the use of English
Leading the charge of the French language brigade in its latest skirmish against the invading Anglo - Saxon force is French MP Jacques Myard .
Unusually for an MP on the right of the political spectrum , the troops following him into battle are French trades unionists and language pressure groups , united in a new French Resistance .
They argue that the English language has colonised French screens , large and small , infiltrated French music , and is now conquering the French workplace as well , in e-mails or " les e-mails " , and on " le web " or " l' internet " and even on " les news " .
' Respect people '
All this has to stop , insists Monsieur Myard .
" I think this is very dangerous , because the French language is the spirit of France and of every Frenchman , " he says .
" So it would be a big mistake for enterprises who want to do business in France to impose their own culture .
We French were imperialists long before them , so we know how it works . "
Delivering his defence of the French language in perfect English , Mr Myard continues : " It is time for us to react and say to businesses - stop your nonsense !
Respect people .
Learn French .
Learn German , learn Chinese and Arabic , as well as English . "
A French manager at Areva , the French nuclear firm , sent an e-mail to his French workers informing them of the death of a colleague - in English .
Why ?
Jean - Loup Cuisiniez
CFTC trade union
The French have already legislated against the English language encroaching too much in songs on the radio by means of a quota limiting English pop , rock and rap , but the language just keeps creeping back in via other routes .
According to a survey brandished by the French trades unions at their press conference in Parliament today , 7 % of French firms already use English as their main language , while multi-nationals routinely send e-mails to their French workers in English regardless of whether they understand them .
Jean - Loup Cuisiniez of the CFTC trade union says the trend towards using English in the workplace here is both dangerous and insulting to French workers .
" A French manager at Areva , the French nuclear firm , sent an e-mail to his French workers informing them of the death of a colleague - in English .
Why ?
There is something wrong when that happens , " he says .
English has become the international language
Pierre Kosciusko- Morizet
priceminister.co.uk
Monsieur Cuisiniez also believes that safety , as well as efficiency , could be compromised if workers do not understand instructions given to them in a foreign language .
He himself speaks five languages including English , Spanish and Japanese , but worries that monoglot French workers in factories and offices may feel unable to admit to their lack of English .
" They might not want to confess that they do n't understand instructions , and that could be very dangerous , " he says , " especially if workers fear that they could be sidelined if management discover their lack of English . "
He himself refused to use English - language software for his computer at work , eventually forcing his company to back down and provide it in French .
French decline
Yet Pierre Kosciusko - Morizet , CEO of the French internet company priceminister.com , believes that this rearguard action against the infiltration of English comes too late .
His firm , based in trendy loft - style offices in northern Paris , does business in several languages including English and now Spanish , and he too speaks fluent English .
" I wish that French were the global language of business , " he sighs .
" Because my French is better than my English .
But it is n't .
English has become the international language .
And I do n't believe that the right way to go about things is by banning a language - that is not how English became a global language . "
Some French are not giving up the fight to save the language
Recently , the new American head of a merged Franco - American telecoms firm was reported to have announced that she had no plans to learn French before coming to meet her colleagues , much to the chagrin of her French staff .
All this has made some in France fear that the decline in the use of the French language - both in international diplomacy and business - goes hand in hand with the decline of French influence on the world stage and its importance as a global power .
However , few French are yet willing to admit defeat on the language front , even as " les businessmen " and " les managers " continue to help the enemy 's sneaky advance into French territory .
" Imagine that I had a drinking cup full of water .
Now imagine that next to that cup , I had a second identical cup filled with a liquid that looked absolutely identical , but actually was completely inviscid .
Design a test to discern which liquid was which . "
" I do n't understand the point of the question , because zero viscosity is impossible and therefore the question has no practical relevance . "
" Well , you could just drink both cups . "
what the hypothesis was behind this test .
" I would rotate both cups . "
" Pour a few drops of liquid onto the table .
The water will bead up , while the inviscid liquid will spread out completely since it has no surface tension . "
" Place a drop of food coloring dye into each cup .
The drop spreads by diffusion , which is limited by the viscosity of the liquid .
Therefore , the drop in the inviscid liquid should spread to fill the whole cup much faster than the drop in the water . "
" Well , once you hire me , I can tell which liquid is which because I wo n't be able to work with the inviscid liquid .
The pipettor relies on surface tension to pick up liquid , so I wo n't be able to get the pipettor to work with on the inviscid liquid . "
In my career , I 've gotten to do a fair amount of interviewing for both engineering and biological science ( e.g. biochemistry ) positions .
Based on some things I picked up in grad school , I liked , late in the interview , to ask a pretty tough question to all candidates :
The point of this question is to get at the candidate 's problem - solving abilities , as well as their ability to design experiments .
Given the unusual nature of this question ( specifically the hypothetical existence of a theoretically impossible physical property ) , only the rarest of candidates would have an immediate answer .
I liked to give the candidate time to think , and to see how he or she would approach the question .
The most popular thing coming first out of any given candidate 's mouth was , " What does ' inviscid ' mean ? "
In my mind , an engineering candidate would lose a bit ( and only a bit ) of merit if this question was asked , since anyone who has had basic fluid mechanics should know that an inviscid fluid is one with zero viscosity .
I would n't expect biochemistry majors to necessarily know this .
In practice , only about 25 % of candidates would know what ' inviscid ' meant ( although , to date , every single candidate who knew the definition double - checked with me that I was , in fact , referring to a zero- viscosity liquid . )
Following are a series of responses I 'd get after that typical first one , along with my impressions of the candidate .
This particular response bugged me .
On the one hand , it is a valid point .
For some candidates , this response may represent a strong rooting in problem - solving by wanting to address only practical and relevant issues .
However , I feel that a job interview is the wrong time to call into question the relevance of a technical issue .
This question ( or really a comment ) would be better saved until the end of the interview , when the candidate could ask something like , " Why did you choose to ask a question that was not technically possible ? "
I have , in fact , been asked this at the end of interviews , when I would explain that the goal was to see how the candidate problem - solved out of the box with a topic I could be almost entirely sure they had never previously considered .
I got this response a lot .
In fact , it was usually a " gut response " , from about a third of the candidates .
It was almost always said with a little laugh , a sure sign that the speaker is not confident in what he or she is saying .
( Notice how often President Bush laughs when he speaks . )
My response to this statement was always to askAt this point , the candidate will do one of two things : GOOD = to say " well , actually I 'm not sure how you could tell from that ... let me think some more . "
BAD = " well , I 'm sure you could tell somehow . "
If they made the GOOD response , I 'd chalk off their initial response to answering too quickly , and I 'd wait for a real response after they thought some more .
If they made the BAD response , I 'd begin badgering them , asking WHAT measurable thing would happen differently if they drank an inviscid liquid .
Rarely would I get a good response .
By this point , you already know that this candidate does not understand the basics of experimental design and they do not know how to develop and test hypotheses .
You already know that if you hire this person , he or she will require explicit instructions on everything to be done , and otherwise will do everything by basic , inefficient brute force .
( Just as an aside : what would actually happen if you drank an inviscid liquid ?
I 'm not entirely sure , except that you might have trouble not spilling it due to the absence of surface tension as it exits the cup and touches your lips .
I think it 's also possible that the liquid would slide down your throat without swallowing , again due to the absence of surface tension . )
When I asked this interview question , what I really wanted to see was the candidate come up with a basic test that was measurable in some way .
If it took them some time to get there , I did n't mind .
So , one response went like this :
So I ask how they would behave differently and what could be observed to determine which liquid was which .
The candidate said something I really liked which was , " I have n't figured that out yet , although I am pretty sure this will work .
Just give me a minute . "
So we waited , for about a full minute .
Then she said , " OK - - if you rotate the cup containing water , the water inside will begin to swirl in the same direction as the cup , but I think the inviscid liquid would not swirl ... is that right ?
" So the candidate was n't totally sure , but was absolutely correct .
I really liked this response for several reasons :
1 ) The candidate picked an area where she was pretty sure the viscosity was going to be relevant , meaning she had at least a basic skill for narrowing down a broad problem using basic principles
2 ) The candidate was not afraid to sit in silence and take the time to think about the problem , plus not to mention the fact that she thought well under pressure -- it 's not like that 's the most comfortable situation and 3 )
She was n't afraid to represent a partial theory she was n't entirely sure of , and to properly represent her level of conviction .
This is just what you want to see someone bring to a team : present ideas , state their case as best as they can , and be open about their level of confidence .
This candidate demonstrated to me at least a good starter level in problem solving skills , as well as at least a good starter level in communication skills and honesty .
( She was hired . )
There are a whole bunch of other answers that are similar to the above one , in that they revolve around very basic tests .
Another example : What an awesome answer .
This guy gave the experiment , the expected result , and the scientific reasoning all in one complete answer .
He gave me confidence in his ability to design experiments , as well as his problem - solving and communication skills , all in one - fell swoop .
Ditto on this answer as compared to the one above .
The woman who gave this answer ended up with a job offer .
One candidate was being interviewed for a position that involved a lot of engineering on automated pipettors ( for picking up and dispensing liquids in automated fashion . )
He answered : Ha !
This guy was brazen , but he really impressed me .
A great answer , just like those above .
But he did two other things I liked : 1 ) He related the question directly to the job description he was interviewing for , which shows excellent problem - solving skills by applying the knowledge at - hand to the problem and 2 )
He asserted himself as a candidate by suggesting that he was already getting the job .
That 's cocky , but it also shows strong self - confidence and ambition .
Those qualities are difficult not to like , and indeed this guy was hired .
Keep in mind that this was just one interview question among many , and I was only one interviewer among many .
The way the candidate handled this question was just one data point towards the full evaluation .
However , I 'd estimate that about 90 % of the time , this question revealed the candidate 's true level of problem - solving abilities
Oxfam says the previous record for world military spending was $ 1.03 trillion in 1988 .
Oxfam says military spending and conflict are major causes of hunger in poor countries , and in its report the group calls on the world 's governments to support a proposed treaty that would set conditions aimed at halting the transfer of arms to war zones .
The report says the United States and Middle Eastern countries are responsible for most of the growth in military spending , but says some of the world 's poorest countries , mostly in Africa , have also increased spending .
The report says that between 2002 and 2003 , Pakistan spent more on its military than on health care .
Oxfam notes that the conflict in the country is making it difficult to deliver relief supplies to Afghanistan , where some 2.5 million people do not have enough food to eat .
" Would this have happened if it were just up to the guys at the top ? " Mr. Marino asked .
" Absolutely not .
But we could not ignore the fact that so many people were rallying around the idea .
This system removes the terrible burden of us always having to be right . "
Another virtue of the stock market , Mr. Lavoie added , is that it finds good ideas from unlikely sources .
Among Rite - Solutions ' core technologies are pattern - recognition algorithms used in military applications , as well as for electronic gambling systems at casinos , a big market for the company .
A member of the administrative staff , with no technical expertise , thought that this technology might also be used in educational settings , to create an entertaining way for students to learn history or math .
She started a stock called Win / Play / Learn ( symbol : WPL ) , which attracted a rush of investment from engineers eager to turn her idea into a product .
Their enthusiasm led to meetings with Hasbro , up the road in Pawtucket , and Rite - Solutions won a contract to help it build its VuGo multimedia system , introduced last Christmas .
Mr. Lavoie called this innovation an example of the " quiet genius " that goes untapped inside most organizations .
" We would have never connected those dots , " he said .
" But one employee floated an idea , lots of employees got passionate about it and that led to a new line of business . "
The next frontier is to tap the quiet genius that exists outside organizations -- to attract innovations from people who are prepared to work with a company , even if they do n't work for it .
An intriguing case in point is InnoCentive , a virtual research and development lab through which major corporations invite scientists and engineers worldwide to contribute ideas and solve problems they have n't been able to crack themselves .
InnoCentive , based in Andover , Mass. , is literally a marketplace of ideas .
It has signed up more than 30 blue - chip companies , including Procter & Gamble , Boeing and DuPont , whose research labs are groaning under the weight of unsolved problems and unfinished projects .
It has also signed up more than 90,000 biologists , chemists and other professionals from more than 175 countries .
These " solvers " compete to meet thorny technical challenges posted by " seeker " companies .
Each challenge has a detailed scientific description , a deadline and an award , which can run as high as $ 100,000 .
" We are talking about the democratization of science , " said Alpheus Bingham , who spent 28 years as a scientist and senior research executive at Eli Lilly & Company before becoming the president and chief executive of InnoCentive .
" What happens when you open your company to thousands and thousands of minds , each of them with a totally different set of life experiences ? "
More from Michael Collins and " Scoop " Independent News :
Pre-Certification Swearing in by Hastert
Terminates All State Legal Authority Over Elections
The People 's House is now the Speaker 's House .
" If they can do that , they can do anything .
Why even have an election ?
They could just swear in whoever they want because the election need not be final . "
- Paul Lehto , Attorney for Plaintiffs Aug. 25 , 2006
San Diego Superior Court Judge Yuri Hofmann rendered his decision in the election challenge in California 's 50th Congressional District .
He dismissed the request for a recount and for discovery of the facts of the Busby - Bilbray election stating specifically that " Once the House asserts exclusive jurisdiction and selects a candidate , the court no longer has jurisdiction " ( emphasis added ) .
The judge argued that the June 13 swearing in alone was sufficient to establish Bilbray 's " election . "
The event had the power to take away any and all citizen rights and immediately rescind authority over their own elections .
Requests for a recount resulting from major problems with the election were deemed insufficient and the rights of voters to due process were cast aside in deference to Speaker Hastert or any future Speaker .
The induction of Republican Bilbray was just seven days after the election and a full 17 days before the election was officially certified by the San Diego Registrar .
The plaintiffs lost their suit for an election contest and recount in this one congressional district .
However , by bringing suit , they achieved an outcome that clearly proves the arguments expressed across the political spectrum from conservative legal scholar Bruce Fein to former Vice President Al Gore .
In unambiguous terms , they and others decry the rapid descent of the United States into a state of tyranny which only affirms our long nightmare for democracy .
Politicians can now manipulate , alter , and nullify elections if those politicians are the Speaker of the House or capable of influencing the Speaker .
Arbitrary , centralized rule starts with the control of vote counting .
It is now clear who controls vote counting and it is not the citizens of the United States of America .
The People 's House is now the Speaker 's House .
Speaker Dennis Hastert swore in Republican Brian Bilbray even though there were requests for a recount and numerous public protests about the legitimacy of the outcome .
According to the San Diego Registrar of Voters , as of June 15th , there were in fact still 2,500 votes to be counted .
Evidence reportedly captured from the Registrar 's internet site indicates that on June 13 , induction day , there were 12,500 votes uncounted .
The San Diego Registrar did not officially certify this election until June 30th .
Even when the election was certified , nearly 50 % of the votes had not been assigned to the appropriate precincts .
The information on uncounted and misallocated ballots was followed by the discovery that the California Secretary of State 's office , headed by Republican Bruce McPherson , allegedly provided confirmation that Bilbray had in fact been " elected . "
Chamber Action ( Digest ) U.S. House of Representatives : Page H3798
Oath of Office -- Fiftieth Congressional District of California : Representative - elect Brian P. Bilbray presented himself in the well of the House and was administered the Oath of Office by the Speaker .
Earlier the Clerk of the House transmitted a facsimile copy of the unofficial returns of the Special Election held on June 6 , 2006 from Ms. Susan Lapsley , Assistant Secretary of State for Elections , California Secretary of State Office , indicating that the Honorable Brian P. Bilbray was elected Representative in Congress for the Fiftieth Congressional District of California .
( June 13 , 2006 )
If this official did in fact provide such confirmation , a key question must be answered .
On what basis was an official stamp of approval given to the election by McPherson 's office since results were not made official until June 30 ?
Does the California Secretary of State now have the ultimate power to deem elections final , regardless of the status of those elections ?
To be more precise , does the Secretary of State now have the power to override citizen protests , challenges and strongly expressed concerns for purely partisan benefit ?
McPherson is a Republican appointed to this office by the current Governor of California .
The special election generated immediate controversy when it was discovered that election officials had taken home voting machines for overnight stays .
The supposed rationale or pretense for these maneuverings was to expedite the convenient delivery of the machines to precincts on election day .
Citizens were furious for a number of reasons .
To begin with , these machines have documented security problems which render them vulnerable to hacking and thereby enable the possibility that " malicious code " can be introduced to alter vote counting .
In addition , the voting machines were not supervised in the homes nor were they clearly signed in and out .
Remarkably , some voting machines even failed to make it from poll worker homes to the precincts on election day .
This obvious breach of security rendered the election void , it was argued .
In addition , plaintiffs pointed out that the vote counting was done in secret since the computerized vote tabulation is not open to serious inspection by citizens or even election officials .
The innermost workings are controlled by computer code that by agreement cannot be reviewed by election officials or citizens .
Thus , the ability to view vote counting was in no way available .
This is a right preferred by 92 % of voters according to a new Zogby Survey .
Yesterday , attorney Lehto took an optimistic stance when he commented on the role of the public in taking back control of their elections .
The shutdown of any possibility of a court based investigation of the CA50 race could not be in more stark contrast to the 92 % support for election transparency in the Zogby poll .
The contrast between the two sides now could not be clearer .
The question of the moment is whether and to what extent the 92 % can discover its own supermajority status , or to what extent they continue to be deceived , deluded and distracted by illusions of their own powerlessness .
By dismissing this case , the judge leaves a legacy which sets a precedent for the surrender of responsibility for free , fair , and clean elections at the state and local levels by deferring to the arbitrary decisions of any Speaker of the House of Representatives .
Using the judge 's logic , even cases of verified miscounts or election fraud would have no weight once the Speaker invokes his or her customary power of induction .
Tuesday , August 29 , 2006 marks the day when every county in Californian lost the certain ability to monitor and manage elections .
That function has been out - sourced to Washington , DC .
It provides an unfortunate example for the rest of the country regarding the true conduct of elections and election law .
N.B. Court Decision and Attorney Paul Lehto comments on the decision ,
Collection of Filings and Documents on CA 50th District Challenge
Hi Yanks and Canadians - I thought you all would like to see the real figures from Down Under .
It has now been 12 months since gun owners in Australia were forced by a new law to surrender 640,381 personal firearms to be destroyed by our own government , a program costing Australia taxpayers more than $ 500 million dollars .
The first year results are now in : Australia - wide , homicides are up 3.2 percent , Australia - wide , assaults are up 8.6 percent ; Australia - wide , armed robberies are up 44 percent ( yes , 44 percent ) !
In the state of Victoria alone , homicides with firearms are now up 300 percent .
Note that while the law - abiding citizens turned them in , the criminals did not !
( And criminals still possess their guns ! )
While figures over the previous 25 years showed a steady decrease in armed robbery with firearms , this has changed drastically upward in the past 12 months , since the criminals now are guaranteed that their prey is unarmed .
There has also been a dramatic increase in break - ins and assaults of the elderly .
Australian politicians are at a loss to explain how public safety has decreased , after such monumental effort and expense was expended in successfully ridding Australian society of guns .
You wo n't see this on the American / Canadian evening news or hear your government or members of the State Assembly amd Ottawa parliament disseminating this information .
The Australian experience proves it .
Guns in the hands of honest citizens save lives and property and , yes , gun-control laws affect only the law - abiding public .
Take note Americans and Canadians before it 's too late !
Back to the 8 - Bit : A study of electronic music counter - culture
by Alex Yabsley
Contact : alex_yabsley@hotmail.com
www.myspace.com/dotaymusic
Abstract
This paper examines technologies effect on musical cultures .
Specifically focussing on two musical genres that rely on the use of old electronic gear to make music , Chiptunes and Circuit Bending .
Through Internet field research within these cultures , based on ethnographic principles of ‘ participant observation ’ an in - depth analysis of all parts of these genres is made .
This project also aims to test the validity and accessibility of these musical styles , and discusses this , revealing that many aspects of the genres lend them to be more accessible than other electronic art music forms .
The paper concludes with the author ’s own thoughts from the results of field research , on why these genres are in fact valid art forms , and that they are needed to progress the world of electronic music .
Topic Overview
Production techniques within music are more often than not linked to specific pieces of technology .
This paper intends to explore how specific technology or access to it defines musical genres and sub-cultures .
Specifically the paper will focus on the lo-fi electronica movement and its use of out - dated , cheap or unconventional technology to create music .
The research will explore the validity of such genres , in terms of audience accessibility in comparison to other experimental musical forms .
It will also cover a historical overview and an ethnomusicological analysis of the various genres involved .
This study will hopefully provide readers with an insight into electronic music counter cultures as well as some thoughts on experimental music and the nature of modern technological consumerism .
The main genres examined are Chiptunes and Circuit Bent music .
Chiptunes is an ambiguous term that originally was used to describe the music made for early digital processors , therefore consisting of only simple waveforms ( Wikipedia , 2006a ) .
This definition has been broadened to incorporate music both made on the original processors , or on technology that attempts to emulate those processors .
As Jakobsson ( 2005 ) wrote , “ the most important element of Chiptunes … is the sound ” ( para .16 ) , the sound being the familiar beeps and blips from early video and arcade games .
Circuit Bending is in a similar vein , however instead of being interested in just old computer and video console sound chips , it involves physically changing a basic sound chip to create a new instrument .
Reed Ghazala ( 2005 ) is the man that coined the phrase ‘ circuit bending ’ to describe the art of creating various alterations to a cheap circuit , generally electronic toys , to turn them into musical performance tools .
Collins ( 2006 ) provides this definition ,
Circuit Bending is freestyle sound design with a post - modern twang - the perfect escape for artists bored by the powerful and often stultifyiningly rational , software tools that increasingly dominate music production , but still hooked on the digitally inspired cut and paste aesthetic of scavenging , sampling and reworking found material ( pg.91 ) .
Both of these genres exemplify the main topic of the paper , which is technologies effect on defining musical cultures , they also provide a foundation to discuss the papers argument of whether these genres are valid artistic pursuits .
In regards to the validity of these genres a methodology has been devised in which an ethnographic approach of qualitative research is used ( Becker & Geer , 1960 ) .
This will provide credibility to the arguments presented , as well as revealing its flaws .
Both points of view are presented from various forms of literature and then discussed from an informed viewpoint .
Firstly the methodology and approach to research will be explained .
Historical background and a musical and cultural discussion will be provided , examining both Chiptunes and Circuit Bending respectively .
Finally the paper will discuss the validity and accessibility of these genres in relation to the results of the method and opinions from various literatures .
The paper does not aim to find definitive answers , but provide insight into this field .
Methodology
As previously mentioned the main aims of this paper are to reveal the phenomenon of technology forming musical cultures , and to examine whether these genres are valid art forms .
The study of musical cultures is described as ethnomusicology , which is a field of ethnography .
Research within this field generally requires a technique referred to as ‘ participant observation ’ , which involves becoming a part of a culture over a period of time and observing by taking part ( Becker & Geer , 1960 ) .
In relation to ethnomusicology , Merriam ’s ( 1964 ) ‘ simple model ’ describes cultural musical study to take place on three analytical levels “ conceptualisation about music , behaviour about music and sound music itself ” ( pg.32 ) .
So ‘ participant observation ’ and Merriam ’s ‘ simple model ’ can work in combination to provide a solid background for a methodology , however the cultures that are to be studied are far from traditional anthropological study .
The essence of these counter - cultures , especially Chiptunes exist primarily on the Internet , so to conduct the research I must observe and participate in the cyber culture .
This may seem bizarre , however many ethnomusicological studies have taken place through ‘ participant observation ’ on the Internet .
Lysloff ( 2004 ) , in the essay Musical life in softcity : an internet ethnography , explains some of the processes in internet field research and explains most of the doubts about this research is due to the lack of contact with physical beings , “ I often asked myself whether what I was doing was actually fieldwork , since I never had to go anywhere physically ” ( pg. 25 ) .
This research involved collecting song files , participating in forums and collecting various texts , which are all forms of ethnographic research .
Lange ( 2001 ) writes about the use of hypermedia , meaning any digital media source , within ethnomusicology and raises the issue of “ comprehending live performance ” ( pg.132 ) within this research .
In the case my paper , the study involved observing the cultures through a variety of digital mediums as well as participating via cyber space .
To participate in the culture I decided to create a musical work parallel to the paper .
My background is in the area of experimental electronic composition , so the work is approached from a purely artistic point of view .
The piece to be created is a performance for Nintendo DS with Nanoloop 2.0 [ 1 ] , other video game samples and a Playstation controller for MIDI control .
The piece is informed by my research and in turn I can personally reflect on the genre from a compositional view to inform my research .
I also created songs to submit to online Chiptune databases .
These elements of participation helped myself form an opinion on this topic and also become close to it , which has created a bias .
Therefore within the observational material many different opinions are purposefully selected to attempt to counter any bias present .
To address the use of Merriam ’s ( 1964 ) ‘ simple model ’ with ‘ participant observation ’ on the Internet , the conceptual view of music within these cultures is gathered from online , forums discussion boards and video and audio Podcasts , which contain interviews .
The behaviour is observed through videos of concerts , artist profiles and design layout of various WebPages .
The musicality is observed through audio files , software and my participation .
This data is arranged in the following way , the conceptual view of music is covered in the Historical Overview and the behaviour and musicality in the Musical / Cultural Analysis .
So this papers methodology is to use ‘ participant observation ’ on the Internet , with Merriam ’s ( 1964 ) ‘ Simple model ’ as a guide to categorise the observations with the results to provide an informed opinion to discuss the argument of whether Chiptunes and Circuit Bending are valid and accessible art forms .
Chiptunes
Historical Overview
Everybody is familiar with the blips and bloops of Pac - Man and Super Mario Brothers , but how many people actually put that music on their stereo or in their car .
Surprisingly it is quite a few , the number of video game music websites , remixes and cover bands is growing exponentially and in amongst all this is a culture and scene that is beginning to make waves in the musical world .
Chiptunes , which in this paper is defined as any original music that is either created with or trying to emulate the sound of retro sound chips .
The reason that original music is specified is because the remix and cover band scene is quite different , whilst not completely separate , from the original music scene .
This definition is far from its pure form , as stated on VORC ( n.d. ) “ the term … [ lost ] … some of its traditional purity and started to mean something like anything bleepy … [ and that ] .. music using just phrase - sampled chip loops or music partially featuring chip tones are not considered as Chiptunes or chip music ” ( para . 6 ) .
This purity and authenticity debate happens within every musical genre , however this paper is interested in just the music and culture that was born from the original Chiptunes , which includes songs that emulate the original sounds using samples and modern software . [ 2 ]
The Amiga , Atari and Commodore 64 were some of the first commercially available computer systems .
These machines had sound chips that began to be used as sound effects , and as technology advanced 8 - bit audio with 4 mono - channels became possible and this meant music could be made ( Barton , 2003 ) .
It is these early computers along with the first generation Nintendo consoles that form the basis of the Chiptune sound and because of this it is often referred to as 8 - bit music and many artists use the term 8 - bit within their name .
[ 3 ]
This 8 - bit technology came about in the late 1970 ’s and remained dominant until the introduction of 16 bit machines ( McDonald , n.d ) .
During that period in Europe and eventually most of the northern hemisphere a culture emerged known as the ‘ demo ’ or ‘ mod ’ scene .
This was a group of teenage programmers who ‘ cracked ’ Amiga and Atari games and programmed their own intro on the front .
This initially was just some graphics trickery , but soon music programs such as SidMon and Ultimate Soundtracker were released for the general public ( VORC , n.d ) .
The music editors created for these systems are known as ‘ Trackers ’ , which in most cases have a timeline which scrolls vertically in which notes and instruments can be inserted .
Trackers output very small files that can then be used in programming , or today for Internet sharing many plug-ins have been created to allow people to listen to ‘ tracker ’ files on modern PC’s .
This built up a community parallel to the mod scene which focussed primarily on music , this culture was all about pushing the boundaries of the technology and getting as much as possible out of single sound chips ( Lysloff , 2004 ) .
This is believed to be the birth of Chiptunes , however at some point it became quite separate from the demo and tracker scene , possibly in 1999 with the release of chiptunes.com , because in 2000 the Chiptune scene began being influenced by people other than programmers .
Some of these new Chiptune ’s were created by 8 - bit Construction Set , made entirely from Atari and Commodore 64s and released on vinyl with recorded binary data that could be dubbed onto cassette for use with the Atari or Commodore ( Flat Four Radio , ep.2 , 2005 ) .
This record had outside impact on the musical world , with artists such as Mixmaster Mike and Mathew Herbert praising it ( Beige Records , n.d ) .
This culture expanded beyond owners of old computers and people using trackers on modern computers when an artist who goes by the name of Rolemodel released Little Sound DJ , a software cartridge for the original Gameboy that allowed tracking on a hand held console ( McClaren , 2003 ) .
The resulting Gameboy music scene is probably one of the biggest within the Chiptune culture .
Nanoloop was released soon after by Oliver Wittchow , this is another piece of software that allows music to be made on the Gameboy ( Nanoloop , n.d ) .
Gameboy music has been noticed by the infamous ex-sex pistols manager Malcolm McClaren ( 2003 ) , who said , “ It 's the Nintendo generation sampling its youth .
The essence of chip music is in reverse engineering an electronic interface - whether it's a Game Boy or a computer 's sound chip - and subverting its original design . ” ( para .2.3 ) .
Gameboy music has had a brush with fame with Beck ’s “ Gameboy Variations ” EP released exclusively online in 2005 on Interscope , ( Apple , 2006 ) .
The sound chip in the Nintendo Entertainment System ( NES ) , called the 2A03 has been emulated in many ‘ trackers ’ such as the popular Famitracker , these programs output NSF , Nintendo sound format , files which have very small file size which can either be uploaded onto NES cartridges or shared on various online communities such as 2A03.org ( Allen , Ep.11 , 2006 ) .
The NES has had even more of a musical revival when recently MIDI - NES was released by Wayfar .
MIDI - NES is a cartridge that allows MIDI input into a NES console for control of the internal sound chip ( Wayfar , n.d ) .
Enthusiasts , hackers , students and hobbyists , not official designers are constantly creating new technology for use in conjunction with old hardware .
This retrospective design or ‘ reverse engineering ’ is at the heart of Chiptune music .
It is clear to see how this musical genre is solely influenced by and dependent on certain technologies and their misuse .
Be it from the early ‘ demo ’ scene trackers , to people using Gameboy ’s with a music cartridge they bought off the ‘ net ’ , all Chiptunes come back to the sounds created by small chips within early computers and consoles .
Musical / Cultural Analysis
Chiptunes culture as with its music is very much about the retrospective , as well as computer games .
The distinctive sound of early computers is due to the lack of processing power , modern computers can emulate real sound by sampling it in thousands of separate parts , early computers only had to synthesise sounds from scratch .
Because these computers operate in binary , ‘ on ’ and ‘ off ’ ( 1 and 0 ) , the easiest thing to synthesise therefore is a square wave which is just an ‘ on ’ followed by ‘ off ’ .
The most common combination is 4 or 5 monophonic channels that consist of various combinations of square wave , triangle wave , noise and a sample channel ( Allen , ep.3 , 2006 ) .
These are more often than not arranged in classic rock band format , squares are melody , triangle is bass and noise is drums .
The sample channel can be used for various things such as speech emulation or actual drum samples .
Various filters can be applied to vary these waveforms such as vibrato , which gets the ‘ classic ’ electronic phone sound or pitch bends and slides .
Creating drums from the noise channel is one of the most distinctive features of Chiptunes , as Paul Davis , from 8 - bit construction set puts it “ it just has a totally crap crunchy sound ” ( Flat Four Radio ep.2 , 2005 ) .
The noise is controlled via pitch and envelopes , a low pitched blast of noise with fast attack and release makes a good kick , a very high blast of noise with the same envelope makes a good hi hat and a midrange noise with medium release makes a snare .
As previously mentioned the sound is what defines Chiptunes so all the other musical considerations change from artist to artist .
There are a large number of artists that are inspired by other musical styles and incorporate that into the Chiptune sound , for example NESmetal makes metal songs using Nintendo sounds and Japan ’s YMCK incorporate 50 ’s style jazz within Chiptunes ( Wikipedia , 2006a ) .
Some key musical features that are present within the majority of Chiptunes are defined by the technology .
Because of the lack of channels chords above 3 notes were impossible , this means more often than not long bass notes with a melody channel playing fast arpeggios provides the harmonic progression .
Fast - synchronised passages are also common ; this may be borrowed from video game compositions as many game composers often “ went out of their way to compose complex rapid sequences of notes ” ( Wikipedia , para .2.3 , 2006 b ) .
Obviously with all these limitations all that is left is the melody , and on almost all forums the melody is discussed as the most important aspect of a good Chiptune ( Jakobsson , 2005 ) .
So musically Chiptunes always use similar sounds and the technology dictates some stylistic features , what changes from song to song are most notably its outside genre influences and its melody .
The subculture that exists around Chiptunes is also a product of the technology .
Almost all people within the Chiptune subculture have a keen interest in video games and geek culture .
This extends to things such as many Chiptune artists use the gamer language ‘ leet ’ to name tracks , for example ‘ w34 k & sm411 ’ translates as ‘ weak and small ’ ( Burke , 2005 ) .
Retro video game imagery surrounds the culture , often with particular reference to Nintendo , for example Nullsleep , a Gameboy artist , performs wearing a shirt that say ’s “ Classically Trained ” around an image of a NES ( 8bit Masters NY , 2005 ) .
The counter cultural element of the Chiptune community is emphasised by Malcolm McClaren ( 2003 ) , for example ,
Chip musicians plunder corporate technology and find unlikely uses for it .
They make old sounds new again - without frills , a recording studio , or a major record label .
It would be facile to describe the result as amateurish ; it 's underproduced because it feels better that way .
The nature of the sound , and the equipment used to create it , is cheap .
This is not music as a commodity but music as an idea ( para.2.3 ) .
The anti-corporate nature of the culture is basically unspoken , but quite clear .
The majority of Chiptunes are available on the Internet for free download .
The website VORC collates a lot of these free downloads from various database sites like 8 bitcollective.com and puts them into a Podcast . ( VORC , n.d ) .
8 bitcollective allows anybody to upload songs , videos or images in Chiptune style and stores them in a database where they can be commented on and rated .
Within the Chip community people are very keen to hear what other people are doing and constantly share techniques and song files .
One of the largest Chiptune net label ’s ‘ 8 bit Peoples ’ places most of its releases online under a creative commons licence [ 4 ] ( 8 bitpeoples , n.d ) .
These are all examples of how the Chip community avoids the mainstream music industry , whilst still not pointing the finger and stating their dislike of the mainstream .
This is the main element of counter culture present that seems to encapsulate the entire scene .
McClaren ( 2003 ) also likes to emphasise the scene ’s dislike for Hi-Fi music , quoting an example of a Gameboy musician wearing a t - shirt that says “ F*& K ProTools ” ( para .1.4 ) .
This however may be an element of the counter culture that McClaren is over emphasising , as VORC ( n.d ) says about McClaren “ casual people focus on just punky gadget aspect of Chiptunes , not musical appeal ” ( para . 4 ) .
Most Chip musicians are more interested in the music than promoting a cause or message ; interestingly a majority of the musicians also listen to and are involved with either experimental art music or intelligent dance music .
So I believe the interest is not so much the punk nature of using cheap gear but the skill of using limited resources to create good music .
Chiptune culture in general is far more diverse and complex than the simplicity of the sound chips that inspire it .
The music is restricted by the technology , however these limitations are pushed to their extremes in the name of creativity .
The culture is very friendly and community based , with ideals opposing the mainstream corporate world , without being ‘ preachy ’ .
The use of limited technology is more about creating good melodic music than attacking the world of over produced pop .
Overall the music and culture stay true to the ideals of early video games , having fun .
Circuit Bending
Historical Overview
The background concept of Circuit Bending goes back to early avant - garde composers such as John Cage and David Tudor .
These composers pulled apart electronic devices and used them as musical instruments , even before them in 1915 Lee de Forest the inventor the vacuum - tube - based audion piano “ wrote of the very weird and beautiful effects that could be obtained by touching parts of the circuitry ” ( Mirapaul , para.10 , 2004 ) .
However it is Reed Ghazala ( 2005 ) who famously short - circuited a mini amp in his draw in 1967 that created a “ flanged pitch … sweeping upward to a higher frequency , over and over again ” ( pg.8 ) .
From that moment he has been creating new instruments from old electronics and teaching people the world over , making him the titled ‘ father ’ of Circuit Bending .
Ghazala only began to come into public attention in the last few years , in that time he has built up enough followers to create a new musical genre and culture .
Ghazala ’s fascination began in the 1970’s , as a 15 year old he could not afford a synthesizer , so he began making his own from cheap circuits ( Ghazala , 2005 ) .
Many musicians , whether inspired by Ghazala or on their own path of discovery , began similar projects to make electronic music without expensive synthesisers .
As Collins ( 2006 ) puts it , “ Britains vibrant Bending scene has roots in the prevalence of toys as affordable , alternative noise makers among improvisers in the 1970 ’s ” ( pg.92 ) .
This excitement died down with the introduction if the integrated circuit and the computer in the 80’s until the re-emphasis of circuit bending as a anti-computer backlash in the late 90’s ( Collins , 2006 ) .
This backlash was most probably led by the launch of Ghazala ’s website anti-theory.com in which the process of circuit bending was described alongside many examples of Ghazala ’s own work .
This was picked up by many of the indie , anti-mainstream artists of the time , and they adapted ‘ Circuit Bending ’ to be used in a new context , as a compliment to dance or pop music .
Many different artists have used Circuit Bent instruments ; Nine Inch Nails , Autechre , Aphex Twin , Damon Albarn and the Flaming Lips ( Circuitbenders , n.d ) .
In recent years this has expanded to a festival in New York exclusively for Circuit Bent music entitled BENT .
This festival started in 2004 to allow Circuit Benders to meet perform and attend workshops and try and further spread knowledge of this art form , Reed Ghazala is a regular guest speaker ( BENT , 2006 ) .
This festival is helping promote this music to the world , however ‘ pure ’ Circuit Bent music has not had any major CD releases and seems destined to remain a live participatory art form .
Musical / Cultural Analysis
The musicality and culture of Circuit Bending is almost completely of its own .
Firstly this analysis is of the pure form of Circuit Bending music and culture , and not its use within other genres .
Bent instruments create electronic sounds , often randomly fluctuating in pitch or volume and embracing the sound of ‘ glitches ’ or noisy blasts .
This element of embracing errors is at the centre of Circuit Bending , it is about creating sounds that are not supposed to happen and not supposed to be heard ( Gard , 2004 ) .
In terms of musicality , as with electronic art music , it is primarily concerned with timbre and takes little regard of pitch and rhythm in a classical sense .
Ghazala ( 2005 ) explains that part of the composition process is the discovery of these sounds , and the actual bending is as important as the output work .
He applies some philosophical theories to the art such as ‘ chance electronics ’ .
In a similar vein to Cage ’s aleatoric music , the art of Bending is dependent on chance , when a person prepares to bend they have no idea of the final outcome .
Bending involves randomly testing links between different parts of the circuit and listening to the sound .
The musical nature of Circuit Bending has more to do with the process than the resultant sound and is a genre of experimentation .
The culture behind Circuit Bending owes a lot to Reed Ghazala and his writings .
Ghazala ( 2005 ) is a very new age theoretical type .
For example he describes in his book the art of turning a toy into a performance instrument through body contacts , that is , parts that can be touched to ‘ play ’ the circuit .
He describes these instruments as BEA - sapes , Bio-Electrical Audio sapiens a proposed new species as you become a part of the circuit instrument ( pg.16 - 17 ) .
This eclectic nature runs through all Ghazala ’s writing and therefore attracts many ‘ neo - hippies ’ .
Quite often Circuit Benders are seen performing with long hair heads down in amongst the instrument they have built ( Cementimental , 2005 ) .
Another side of the culture is the anarchistic chaos factor , the complete anti-music of noise .
So Circuit Bending culture also touches the noise culture that is prevalent in Japan .
In general the culture of Circuit Bending is alternative and eclectic , yet has a novelty and cuteness that opens it up to the world .
Circuit Bending has a music and culture that is based on experimentation and anarchy , it has roots in electronic art movement and influences new age thinking , overall it is a stand - alone art form unlike any other .
Validity and Accessibility
Chiptunes and Circuit Bending have been explained as being subcultures and genres that were created from certain technologies , but are they valid artistic pursuits and do they provide an accessible alternative to other electronic art music ?
Firstly I will discuss Chiptunes in relation to the results of my methodology and various literatures .
Followed by the same discussion on Circuit Bending .
From my ‘ participant observation ’ within the Chip scene a few things revealed themselves as to why it is or perhaps is not a valid artistic form .
Firstly composing music from limited resources is extremely challenging and most Chip composers quote this as their reason for making the music ( Cool Hunting , ep.1 , 2006 ) .
Belinke ’s ( 1999 ) paper describes the creative and inventive nature of using a video game sound chip , and a very common point to arise is that being creative using limited resources only expands the creativity .
Some observations I made were the elitist nature of the Chip scene , this is one of the areas in which there is great debate ( VORC , n.d ) , and often some great songs are disregarded because of thoughts of unauthenticity .
For the art form to expand and improve , this elitist behaviour will have to be forgotten .
The only other element of negativity is its inability to be disconnected from video game semiotics and many believe because of this it will remain nothing more than a novelty ( Flat Four Radio , ep.4 , 2004 ) .
As Montgomery Knott says “ Its fun and its interesting , but how its applied , it needs to go somewhere else ” ( Cool Hunting , ep.5 , 2006 ) .
This seems to be a general view , but if it is looked at from the point of view as an art form in which musicians challenge themselves it has to be seen as a valid musical style .
The accessibility of Chiptunes can be assessed from a variety of factors .
First of all the level of melodic content immediately interests many listeners more than most art music .
The Gameboy has opened up the accessibility as Mike Rosenthal , the artistic director of electronic art music venue ‘ The Tank ’ said ; “ something that is so appealing about the Gameboy , is people get it .
They see it they love it , it reminds them of their youth , their childhood … some of the biggest nights at ‘ The Tank ’ have been Gameboy nights ” ( Cool Hunting , ep.5 , 2006 ) .
This element of accessibility due to the sounds and hardware is the biggest drawcard and its downfall .
In a world where digital technology is so accessible and everybody can make dance music an electronic music that is challenging to make and fun to listen to is a refreshing change .
Circuit Bending has some interesting arguments about its validity that seem to apply to Chiptunes as well .
In general experimental art forms should be allowed to do as they wish , but are they progressing the art world in general .
Kitz ( 2004 ) believes that “ one of the characteristics of a musical era in identity crisis is its enthusiasm for the retrospective , for remaking the work of others , and for using existing material in whole cloth but recast as a gimmick ” ( para.7.3 ) .
He continues by using Circuit Bending as an example of something that can easily be lost in gimmickry , as can Chiptunes .
However for people to express themselves by choosing to not use a modern technology whether it appears a gimmick or not it is an attempt to try something new with something old .
Circuit Bending is definitely an art form more than a musical style , and it achieves this well , however it does lend a lot to process and concept and very little to aesthetics of sound , which after all is what music should be about .
Of the experimental music genres , concept holds Circuit Bending high above the others in terms of accessibility .
Even though the sounds may be very similar to various experimental music genres , the gimmick nature Kitz mentioned is what makes the general public interested .
People of all ages can have a go at Circuit Bending and with festivals like BENT at ‘ The Tank ’ in New York , people can go learn how to do it and then see performances .
The performances are than completely accessible because the audience understands what is going on .
Mike Rosenthal from ‘ The Tank ’ has this to say on the topic ,
We do a lot of experimental music here [ The Tank ] , a lot of laptop music and we wanted something more accessible to the general public .
The people that generally come here are interested in electronic music , and the general public see it , they see a person with a laptop they do n’t know what ’s happening … Circuit Bending opens it up ( Garcia , 2004 ) .
As mentioned previously Circuit Bending exists as an accessible experimental art form , however as a musical form to be listened to out of context , it does not work .
However in performance Circuit Bending is one of the most interesting experimental musical forms .
The results of my participant observation seem to all reinforce the previously mentioned ideas as well as revealing some things about myself .
Firstly , it is challenging to compose with limited resources , to the point where I actually did n’t .
I would limit myself in terms of sound sources , like using simple waveforms , but was still using software like Pro-Tools , which actually seems to defeat the point .
The community notices as well , my song got a 2 out of 5 Gameboy review on 8 bitcollective.com , and when transferred to the VORC podcast they labelled my song “ Chip - Style ” ( VORC , n.d ) .
This reflects the kind of elitist nature as it is clearly labelled as not being a authentic Chiptune .
The performance piece that ran parallel to the paper was composed as mentioned on Nanoloop 2.0 with a Nintendo DS .
This created issues as the DS is very modern technology and again I seemed to be using technology too advanced , even though it is limiting .
I personally found it hard to break from the consumerist nature of using new technology .
Interestingly the performance was very well accepted .
The concert series it was in consisted of highly conceptual art and comments from several audience members reveal that my piece was fun , exciting and accessible .
This all supports the notion that Chiptunes are an accessible and interesting musical genre .
Final Discussion and Implications
This paper described how technology has created musical genres and sub-cultures .
The genres of Chiptunes and Circuit Bending were used to illustrate that point of view .
A methodology was conducted involving Internet field research within these subcultures to also answer the question of their validity and accessibility .
The two genres were then explained in detail and some elements of the field research discussed .
With an informed knowledge of the two genres a discussion of each genres validity and general public acceptance was conducted .
All this revealed many interesting points of view .
Firstly that Chiptunes can be considered a valid art form due to the creative nature of composing with limitations and it is an accessible music due to its video game connotations .
Circuit Bending is a valid experimental art form and is seen as accessible in terms of concept and performance .
It is interesting to note that Lysloff although spending time studying Chiptunes in a study similar to this paper said the following in an interview " the relative low - tech angle ... wears thin very quickly .
It just all sounds rather flaccid …
I might even add that it is n't even very good . ” ( Null , para.11 , 2005 ) .
I believe a key difference in our research methods was Lysloff was an impartial observer , whilst I actually took part and became part of the culture .
Some areas of further research could look into the performance aspect of these lo-fi genres and how it is more accessible to the general public than laptop music .
Overall it is clear that technology has influenced the musical world , from performance to composition .
With new technology constantly being superseded , I feel it 's a good thing that there are people willing to advance old technology themselves to create and control their own future .
References
8bit Masters NY ( 2005 ) .
Data destruction tour at the tank [ video ] .
8 bit collective .
Retrieved August 2 , 2006 , from http://8bitcollective.com/music/data_destruction_Tank.mov
8 bit Peoples ( n.d ) .
8 bit peoples discography .
Retrieved August 1 , 2006 , from http://www.8bitpeoples.com/discography_gfx.php
Allen , J. ( 2006 ) .
Gamewave podcast , episodes 3 - 11 [ Podcast ] .
Retrieved September 14 , 2006 from http://www.gamewavepodcast.com
Apple ( 2006 ) .
iTunes music store .
Retrieved September 10 , 2006 from http://www.apple.com/itunes/store/
Barton , M. ( 2003 ) .
The rise and fall of game audio .
Armchair arcade .
Retrieved September 1 , 2006 , from http://www.armchairarcade.com/aamain/content.php?article.48
Becker , H.S & Geer , B. ( 1960 ) .
Participant observation the analysis of quantitative field data .
In R.N. Adams and J.J. Preiss ( Eds . )
Human organization research : Field relations and techniques ( pp. 267-289 ) .
Homewood , US : Dorsey Press .
Belinke , M. ( 1999 ) .
Video game music : not just kid stuff .
Video game music archive .
Retrieved July 25 , 2006 , from http://www.vgmusic.com/vgpaper.shtml
Beige Records ( n.d ) .
The 8 bit construction set .
Retrieved September 6 , 2006 , from www.beigerecords.com/artists/8bitcs.html
Burke , C. ( 2006 ) .
This spartan life , episode 3 [ Video Podcast ] .
Retrieved August 28 , 2006 , from http://thisspartanlife.com/episodes.shtml
Cementimental ( 2005 ) .
Cement live solo [ Video ] .
Retrieved May 2 , 2006 , from http://www.archive.org/download/cementsolo22-5-05/cementsolo22-5-05.MP4
Collins , N. ( 2006 ) .
Handmade electronic music : the art of hardware hacking .
New York , US : Routlede .
Cool Hunting ( 2006 ) .
8Bit series , episodes 1 - 5 , [ Video Podcast ] .
Retrieved July 12 , 2006 , from http://www.coolhunting.com/archives/8bit/
Flat Four Radio ( 2004 ) .
Chiptune series , episodes 1 - 4 [ Podcast ] .
Retrieved July 15 , 2006 , from http://www.mcld.co.uk/flatfour/chiptunes/
Garcia , L. ( 2004 ) .
BENT : circuit bending 2004 [ Video ] .
Retrieved September 1 , 2006 , from http://www.onthespot.info/vid/bent.html
Gard , S. ( 2004 ) .
Nasty noises : error as a compositional element .
The University of Sydney Library E-Scholarship Repository .
Retrieved July 30 , 2006 , from http://ses.library.usyd.edu.au/handle/2123/894?mode=full&submit_simple=Show+full+item+record
Ghazala , R. ( 2005 ) .
Circuit bending : build your own alien instruments .
Indianapolis , US : Wiley Publishing .
Jakobsson , E. ( 2005 ) .
What is chiptune ?
Chiptune forum .
Retrieved September 11 , 2006 , from http://chiptune.fr/forum/viewtopic.php?id=36
Kitz , D. ( 2004 ) .
Imagination and exploitation : some history of digital technology in my music - making .
Malted Media .
Retrieved August 3 , 2006 , from http://www.maltedmedia.com/books/papers/su-imagi.html
Lange , B.R. ( 2001 ) .
Hypermedia and ethnomusicology .
Ethnomusicology , 45 ( 1 ) , pp.132-149 .
Lysloff , R. ( 2004 ) .
Musical life in softcity : an internet ethnography .
In R. Lysloff and L. Gay ( Eds. ) Music and technoculture ( pp.23 -64 ) .
Middleton , US : Wesleyan University Press .
Merriam , A.P. ( 1964 ) .
The anthropology of music .
Illinois , US : Northwestern University Press .
McClaren , M. ( 2003 ) .
8 - bit punk .
Wired magazine , 11 ( 11 ) .
Retrieved August 1 , 2006 , from http://www.wired.com/wired/archive/11.11/mclaren.html?pg=1&topic=&topic_set=
McDonald , G ( n.d ) .
A brief timeline of videogame music .
Gamespot .
Retrieved September 1 , 2006 , from http://www.gamespot.com/gamespot/features/video/vg_music/index.html
Mirapaul , M. ( 2004 ) .
Circuit benders unlock the long riffs in short - circuits .
New York times .
Retrieved September 13 , 2006 , from http://www.nytimes.com/2004/04/08/technology/circuits/08bend.html?ex=1158811200&en=1d9757d7f32f1c8e&ei=5070
Nanoloop ( n.d ) .
Nanoloop : real - time sound editor for gameboy .
Retrieved August 3 , 2006 from http://www.nanoloop.de/
Null , C. ( 2005 ) .
Musical geeks mine 8 - bit sound .
Wired Magazine .
Retrieved September 14 , 2006 , from http://www.wired.com/news/culture/digiwood/0,69173-0.html
VORC ( n.d ) Internet chiptune encyclopaedia .
Retrieved September 13 , 2006 , from http://www.vorc.org/en/info=FrontPage
Wayfar ( n.d ) .
Midi-nes .
Retrieved August 11 , 2006 , from http://www.wayfar.net/0xf00000_overview.php
Wikipedia ( 2006a ) .
Chiptunes .
Retrieved July 1 , 2006 , from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chiptune
Wikipedia ( 2006 b ) .
Video game music .
Retrieved September 12 , 2006 from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Video_game_music
[ 1 ] Nanoloop is a music sequencer made for the Gameboy by Oliver Wittchow a member of the Chiptune community ; it is unofficially produced using old cartridges and is not endorsed by Nintendo .
( Nanoloop , n.d )
[ 2 ]
For further and future discussion on the definition of Chiptunes see Jakobsson ( 2005 ) .
[ 3 ]
For example , 8 - bit Betty , 8 - bit Construction Set , 8 - bit Weapon and 8 - bit .
[ 4 ]
Creative commons is a large Internet idea that promotes sharing of knowledge and fighting against corporate domination of the Internet .
It also is interested in protecting intellectual property .
CHICAGO --- Northwestern University researchers have discovered how malaria parasites persuade red blood cells to engulf them -- and how to block the invading parasites .
The malaria marauders hack into the red cell 's signaling system and steal the molecular equivalent of its password to spring open the door to the cell .
But researchers have found that a common blood pressure medication - propranolol - jams the signal to prevent the parasite from breaking in .
Scientists had long been perplexed by malaria 's ability to hijack red blood cells , then wildly multiply and provoke its life - threatening symptoms .
" This opens the possibility for important new drugs for malaria that wo n't become resistant .
New drugs are urgently needed because the parasite has evolved resistance against virtually all types of commonly used drugs , " said Kasturi Haldar , principal investigator for the study and the Charles E. and Emma H. Morrison Professor in the department of pathology at the Feinberg School of Medicine at Northwestern .
Sean Murphy , a Medical Sciences Training Program student , is the study 's lead author .
The study was published in PLoS Medicine .
Malaria , one of the top three deadliest diseases in the developing world , is resurging worldwide because of drug resistance and the lack of an effective vaccine , Haldar said .
Jamaica recently reported an outbreak of malaria after it had been eradicated in that country for 50 years .
A blood - borne illness , malaria is transmitted by infected mosquitoes .
The symptoms include high fevers and flu - like symptoms such as chills , headache , muscle aches and fatigue .
The disease kills an estimated 2 million people a year , mostly African children under five .
It also poses a risk to travelers .
An estimated 500 million cases of malaria were expected in 2006 .
Commonly used drugs against malaria attack the parasite , but it rapidly changes its molecular structure to become resistant to those drugs .
It would be difficult , however , for the malaria parasite to develop resistance to a drug that acts on a person 's red blood cells as the blood pressure medication does , Haldar said .
When Haldar and her colleagues tested propranolol in combination with existing anti-malarial drugs in human cell cultures and mice , it reduced the dose of the anti-malarial drugs needed to kill the parasites by tenfold .
That 's significant because high doses of anti-malarial drugs - increasingly necessary as resistance to them builds -- can be toxic .
In addition , blood pressure medication like propranolol is cheap and safe for use even in pregnant women , a group particularly vulnerable to malaria .
" We 're working on developing a unique drug that would combine anti-malarial drugs with blood pressure medication .
We think it has a high likelihood of success , " Haldar said .
The next step is human clinical trials .
###
To build the memory chip , the researchers first etched 400 parallel wires , each less than a millionth of an inch wide and separated by about 1/750,000th of an inch from its neighbors .
On top of the wires , they deposited a layer of the molecular switches , the dumbbells standing vertically , and then a second set of 400 wires turned 90 degrees to the first set .
Each crossing point between two perpendicular wires , with about 100 of the molecular switches wedged in between , is the storage location of one bit of information .
Current methods for drawing circuits on silicon will bump against the laws of physics , because the circuit components will be much smaller than the wavelength of light used to draw them .
That has led researchers to look for alternative approaches to build molecular - size electronics .
Most are still building circuits containing only a handful of components compared to the 160,000 in the new memory chip .
That suggests the new process Dr. Heath and Dr. Stoddart developed can be scaled up to a viable manufacturing process , said Vivek Subramanian , a professor of electrical engineering and computer sciences at the University of California , Berkeley .
“ This is sort of the capstone in that they ’ve pulled all this together , ” said Dr. Subramanian , who was not involved in the research .
Not everything works yet .
When the researchers tested a small portion of the chip , they found that only 30 percent of the bits actually worked .
But it is possible to use only the working parts of the chip , and the researchers successfully wrote and read information to those parts , though even there the success was temporary .
The switches routinely broke after being flipped about 10 times .
The researchers readily admit that their chip is a demonstration , not imminent technology .
“ We ’re just happy it works , ” Dr. Heath said .
The prom is this year and you donâ€™t know how to dress ?
We make you only one suggestion : please donâ€™t dress like them .
This album has 41 photos , so take your time and watch them all .
Although 56 Hz is within the standard range of human hearing - which can range from 20 to 20,000 Hz - it is too low for most people to pick up .
That however , has not brought the sleuths any closer to pinpointing the source of the hum which they have dubbed the Unidentified Acoustic Phenomena .
Dr Moir rules out geological factors .
" It 's more likely to be things like pipes under the ground - you know , gas pipes , sewerage pipes , factories in the distance . "
But for those who can hear it , the sound is the bane of their lives , driving some to distraction and others to take drastic action .
Dr Moir said one sufferer , a man , was so desperate to stop hearing the sound that he deliberately tried to damage his own hearing by cranking up a chain saw close to his ears .
" He said it was so bad , he could n't stand it .
It was driving him mad . "
Another victim of the hum says it can prevent her from sleeping at night .
Since a woman living in the North Shore suburb of Brown 's Bay first contacted Dr Moir and his colleague Dr Fakhrul Alam in mid-August , the scientists have been approached by about 30 sufferers , all from areas in Auckland 's north .
" These people who pick [ the hum ] up have a very low threshold for hearing at low frequencies - do n't know why , but they do , " says Dr Moir .
Some have been reticent to give away more details of their predicament for fear that reports of persistent humming could adversely affect the resale price of their homes .
With the help of one of the sufferers , Dr Moir has developed a simulation of the sound .
" The real thing , " he says " is more like the drone of an aircraft and it comes and goes , " he said .
The affliction appears to be similar to tinnitus , a condition in which sufferers hearing a constant , high - pitched ringing sound .
In severe case it can affect sleep and normal daily routines .
A number of high profile musicians are said to have suffered from tinnitus including Beethoven , Bono and Eric Clapton .
Complicating the investigation is the fact that neither Dr Moir nor his colleague can hear the sound so with each sufferer they visit they must first run tests to rule out psychosomatic factors and any other obvious causes .
Fortunately , Dr Moir discovered on the weekend that his wife , who accompanied him on a visit to one of the affected homes , was able to hear the hum .
This is not the first incidence of humming in New Zealand .
In 2005 , New Zealand author Rachel McAlpine wrote a book called The Humming .
In her novel set in small town , an artist called Ivan and a number of the townsfolk are plagued by a low frequency humming noise .
The book was largely inspired by the author 's own experiences in the seaside town of Puponga on the northwest tip of New Zealand 's south island which was itself at the centre of a humming mystery some years back .
Listen to a simulation of the sound ( courtesy of Phil Strong ) .
Most people wo n't be able to hear it , but if you play it in something like Windows Media Player and turn on the visualisation you will " see " the sound waves .
William Boyd was born in 1952 in Accra in Ghana , where he lived for nine years .
His most recent novel , Sweet Caress , is published by Bloomsbury in the UK and the US .
He is the author of three collections of short stories and is the screenwriter of thirteen films , one of which , The Trench ( 1999 ) , he …
Lie detectors might work in the movies , but a US congressional report says that when it comes to screening nuclear scientists , you might as well reinstitute the ducking stool .
The US Congressional Research Service last month updated a report looking into the use of polygraphs or " lie detectors " in the US government .
The report specifically focuses on use of polygraph screening in the Department of Energy ( DOE ) , which runs some of America 's most sensitive nuclear labs and research programmes .
Large numbers of DOE personnel have been made to take routine polygraph tests since some embarrassing security breaches in the late '90s .
These personnel are often highly qualified scientists , which causes some difficulties .
" Scientists do , in fact , represent a particular problem with regard to the administration of polygraphs , " says the report .
" They are most comfortable when dealing with techniques that are scientifically precise and reliable .
The polygraph ... does not meet this standard . "
The American boffins seemingly do n't much care for being examined using a technique they regard as little better than witchcraft .
" The attitude toward polygraphs at the laboratories ... runs the gamut from cautiously and rationally negative , to emotionally and irrationally negative , " according to the report 's author , Alfred Cumming , a specialist in intelligence and security .
" Many scientists ... are skeptical of its utility . "
Cumming frequently cites a highly - critical investigation into polygraph screening by the National Academy of Sciences ( NAS ) .
The NAS polygraph - bashers did acknowledge that screening could have some deterrent effect , perhaps putting off the nefariously - inclined from applying for sensitive jobs .
However , they said this deterrent effect would only occur if people believed that polygraphs worked .
As most scientists appear not to believe this , there would seem little point in using polygraphs to screen them for employment in the US nuclear programme .
However , polygraphs do have some advocates .
Unsurprisingly , these include the American Polygraph Association ( APA ) , " the country 's largest association of polygraphers " .
Strangely enough , the APA says the lack of scientific evidence supporting lie - detector tests is down to limited funding .
Another friend to the polygraph , apparently , is the CIA .
The spook agency " cited classified research to support its use of polygraph testing but declined to share its research " .
Well , it was secret .
" What is not subject to debate and appears to be beyond dispute is that the polygraph does not detect lies , " writes Cumming .
Apart from the possibility of doing some serious research , the report concluded that Congress might consider two options for the future of polygraph screening at the DOE .
Option one : use the polygraph less .
Option two : stop using it altogether . ®
ALL OF A SUDDEN , you see that little sign everywhere - on business cards , with bylines in newspapers , in TV .
Those who keep up with the information age may know that it is used for e-mail addresses ; the code you write when you send an electronic letter from your computer via modem and telephone .
But what is it called , and how did it originate ?
In Sweden it is popularly known as " cinnamon bun " , " a- hose " , " elephant 's ear " etc .
In France it is called " arobas " ( meaning unknown ) or " a roulé " , in Holland " apestaart " ( monkey tail ) , in Italy " chiocciola " ( snail ) and in Israel " shtrudel " .
In English it is formally called commercial at or at - sign and has been used for a long time in the sense " at a price of ... ( each ) " : " 3 barrels @ $ 200 . "
Eventually it also took on the locative sense of the word " at " .
The @ - sign is definitely not a child of the computer age - its history goes far back .
Berthold Louis Ullman , American professor of Latin and paleography , claims in his book " Ancient Writing and Its Influence " that the at - sign is a ligature , that is , two letters tied together .
The Latin preposition " ad " , meaning at , to , toward , was simplified into something like the @ - sign we know .
The bowl of the a and the d merged and the upstroke of the d was exaggerated and curved to the left .
The @ - ligature might be as old as from the 6th or 7th century .
At that time the scribes used the uncial , a hand with rounded , sometimes simplified capitals , which could be written with fewer pen-strokes .
A lot of abbreviations and ligatures were developed , partly for convenience and partly as a necessity , for writing close to the end of a line .
We cannot , however , be sure that the sign is as old as that .
Maybe it emerged ( or re-emerged ) in the Gothic hand of the 12th or 13th century , a time when many old conventions for ligatures and abbreviations were revived .
Through the centuries , the at - sign has been used primarily in clerical writing and business correspondence .
It has been used also in Sweden , and was reportedly available on some early Swedish typewriters .
The at - sign was probably adopted into the computer world around 1970 under the operating system Tenex , and used for e-mail on the early Internet as well as for programming .
Star Wars Stamp Sheet Unveiled
The United States Postal Service unveiled their collection of 15 new 41 - cent Star Wars postage stamps today at Grauman ’s Chinese Theatre in Los Angeles , where the first movie opened nearly 30 years ago .
Of the 15 images on the stamp sheet , the USPS is inviting the public to vote on its favorite .
The stamp receiving the most votes will be honored with the issuance of a single stamp , which will be for sale later this summer .
Voting starts today online at www.uspsjedimaster.com and will run through May 23 .
The winning stamp will be announced at the first - day - of - issue ceremony on Friday , May 25 , at the Star Wars Celebration IV event at the Los Angeles Convention Center .
[ Stamp sheet image at right Â© 2007 USPS .
All Rights Reserved .
Large view of Front and Back of stamp sheet . ]
The commemorative stamps , which feature images from all six movies in the Star Wars saga , were painted by artist Drew Struzan .
The images are : Luke Skywalker ; Han Solo and Chewbacca ; Princess Leia Organa with R2 - D2 ; C - 3PO ; Yoda ; Queen PadmÃ© Amidala ; Obi-Wan Kenobi as seen in Episodes IV , V , and VI , Anakin Skywalker battling Obi-Wan Kenobi ; Darth Vader ; Emperor Palpatine ; Darth Maul ; Imperial Stormtroopers ; Boba Fett ; the Millennium Falcon ; and an X - wing fighter .
David Failor , executive director of Stamp Services , U.S. Postal Service , who was joined by President of Lucas Licensing Howard Roffman , along with Darth Vader and R2 - D2 , had the following to say at the ceremony :
Because of the movies ’ popularity , we believe these stamps have the potential of reaching the blockbuster status of the Elvis stamp , a milestone only the Force could attempt to surpass .
The Star Wars films have timeless qualities that cross generations , just like the United States Postal Service .
The design of the stamp sheet includes the Star Wars logo and background images of a space battle , including a Star Destroyer , TIE fighters , X - wing fighters , and the second Death Star under construction , as seen in Return of the Jedi .
The background also includes the lightsaber - wielding form of Darth Vader , whose helmet comprises the largest of the 15 stamps .
The back of the sheet includes extensive text describing the dramatic roles that each featured character or vehicle plays in the Star Wars saga .
As previously reported at Geeks of Doom , the USPS began on March 16 placing approximately 400 R2 - D2 - themed mailboxes around the country as part of the Star Wars 30th anniversary celebration .
The USPS ’s participation in the celebration wo n’t stop there .
They ’ll also offer factory - sealed , Star Wars - themed Express Mail Pre-paid 3 - packs , with portraits of Obi-Wan Kenobi , Yoda , and Darth Vader , available only online for a limited time beginning April 6 .
The packaging will be available to ship on Sunday , May 6 , through Saturday , September 1 .
The USPS official Web site , which currently all dressed up in a Star Wars theme , has the limited - edition envelope artwork for download as a desktop image .
From March 28 through May 7 , visitors to the USPS official Web site can enter the Jedi Shipping & Mailing Master Challenge Sweepstakes to win an all - expenses - paid trip for four to the 30th Anniversary Star Wars Celebration IV event in Los Angeles , which runs from May 24 to May 27 .
Sweepstakes participants have to solve six different challenges about USPS products and services featuring a Star Wars theme .
As each question is answered correctly , customers are automatically moved to the next challenge .
At the start of the sweepstakes , customers enter their contact information into a sweepstakes form .
There is a limit of one entry per challenge , for a total of six entries .
Ornithologists across the world are celebrating with the news that a wetland bird that has eluded scientists ever since its discovery in India in 1867 has been refound .
Twice .
The Large - billed Reed - warbler is the world ’s least known bird .
A single bird was collected in the Sutlej Valley , Himachal Pradesh , India , in 1867 , but many had questioned whether it was indeed represented a true species and was n’t just an aberrant individual of a common species .
But on 27 March 2006 , ornithologist Philip Round , Assistant Professor in the Department of Biology , Mahidol University , was bird ringing ( banding ) at a wastewater treatment centre ( the royally initiated Laem Phak Bia Environmental Research and Development Project ) near Bangkok , Thailand .
“ Although reed - warblers are generally drab and look very similar , one of the birds I caught that morning struck me as very odd , something about it did n’t quite add up ; it had a long beak and short wings , ” said Round .
“ Then , it dawned on me — I was probably holding a Large - billed Reed - warbler .
I was dumbstruck , it felt as if I was holding a living dodo . ”
“ I knew it was essential to get cast - iron proof of its identity .
I took many photographs , and carefully collected two feathers for DNA analysis , so as not to harm the bird . ”
Round contacted Professor Staffan Bensch , from Lund University , Sweden , who had previously examined the Indian specimen and confirmed it did represent a valid species .
He examined photographs and DNA of the Thai bird and confirmed the two were the same species .
advertisement
" A priority now is to find out where the Large - billed Reed - warbler ’s main population lives , whether it is threatened , and if so , how these threats can be addressed . ”
— Dr Stuart Butchart , BirdLife International
“ This rediscovery of the Large - billed Reed - warbler on the shores of Inner Gulf of Thailand ( a BirdLife Important Bird Area , IBA ) illustrates the importance of wetland habitats and the remarkable biodiversity they are home to , ” said Ms Kritsana Kaewplang , BCST Director .
“ It also demonstrates the contribution of routine monitoring and ringing of migratory birds at even well - known sites . ”
“ This remarkable discovery gives Indian ornithologists an added incentive to continue our search for the Large - billed Reed - warbler in India , ” said Dr Asad Rahmani , Director of the Bombay Natural History Society .
“ Like the discovery of Bugun Liocichla last year in Arunachal Pradesh , it shows us just how much we still have to learn about our remarkable avifauna . ”
BirdLife International ’s Dr Stuart Butchart , commented : “ Almost nothing is known about this mysterious bird .
The Indian specimen has short , round wings and we speculated it is resident or short - distance migrant , so its appearance in Thailand is very surprising .
A priority now is to find out where the Large - billed Reed - warbler ’s main population lives , whether it is threatened , and if so , how these threats can be addressed . ”
But , in a further twist to this remarkable tale , six months after the rediscovery , another Large - billed Reed - warbler specimen was discovered in the collection of the Natural History Museum at Tring , in a drawer of Blyth ’s Reed - warblers ( Acrocephalus dumetorum ) collected in India during the 19th Century .
Once again , Professor Staffan Bensch confirmed the identification using DNA .
“ Finding one Large - billed Reed - warbler after 139 years was remarkable , finding a second — right under ornithologists ’ noses for that length of time — is nothing short of a miracle , ” said Butchart .
The second specimen is from a different part of India and is bound to fuel debate as to the whereabouts of more Large - billed Reed - warblers .
“ Now people are aware Large - billed Reed - warblers are out there , we can expect someone to discover the breeding grounds before long .
Myanmar or Bangladesh are strong possibilities , but this species has proved so elusive that it could produce yet another surprise , ” said Butchart .
WASHINGTON , Sept. 7 - Tests of water covering New Orleans showed excessive levels of E. coli bacteria and lead , federal officials said Wednesday , providing the first confirmation that the floodwaters caused by Hurricane Katrina are posing health risks for emergency response workers and residents who have remained in the city .
While neither substance has been blamed for any deaths , a spokesman for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said state and local officials had reported three deaths in Mississippi and one in Texas from exposure to Vibrio vulnificus , a choleralike bacteria found in saltwater that poses special risks for people with chronic liver problems .
The centers ' spokesman , Tom Skinner , said a fifth case involving the bacteria was under investigation .
The water tests , conducted by the Environmental Protection Agency at laboratories in Houston and Lafayette , La. , sought to identify the more than 100 chemical and bacterial pollutants in two water samples from six sites in largely residential areas over four days , starting Saturday .
WASHINGTON , October 18 , 2006 ( RFE / RL ) -- Bombed churches , a beheaded clergyman , and the massacre of 13 women and girls .
In the last month , these are just the most extreme acts of violence carried out against Christians across Iraq .
In Mosul , Father Boulos Iskander Behnam was kidnapped by men seeking retribution for Pope Benedict 's comments about Islam .
His severed head and limbs were found piled atop his body .
In Baghdad , the Church of the Virgin Mary in Baghdad was just the most recent Christian church to be hit by a bomb blast .
An estimated 30 have been attacked in the past three years .
In the southern city of Al - Basrah , where crowds burned an effigy of the pope last month , Christian women routinely don veils to avoid public attack .
From Mosul to Al - Basrah , segments of the Sunni and Shi'ite communities are seemingly becoming united in their hatred of Christians , who have been in Iraq for nearly 2,000 years .
They are considered one of the original Iraqi peoples .
Biblical references to sites in Iraq are numerous .
When Saddam Hussein was still in power , the country 's estimated 1.2 million Christians lived peacefully side by side with Sunnis and Shi'ites , but after Hussein was arrested , they became a target of violence .
In some quarters , they are associated with the majority Christian armies of the United States and Britain , who many Muslims believe are waging a modern - day crusade against Islam .
A particularly vulnerable group are Christians owners of liquor stores , which Muslims disdain and frequently firebomb .
" Today we are specifically targeted , " says Pascale Warda , an Assyrian Christian and former minister in the Iraqi transitional government .
" Why we are targeted , we do n't know .
All Iraqis are targeted , yes , but today , Christian Assyrian , [ one of the ] original peoples of Mesopotamia , of Iraq , ... are , like [ other ] minorities , in a very sensitive situation . "
Autonomy As A Protection
Warda was in Washington this week to raise her voice about what she described as " a real dark phase " for Iraq 's Christians , and to try and convince members of President George W. Bush 's administration to support the idea of an autonomous province in Iraq where religious minorities could live without fear .
She is the public face for what is now a three - year - old campaign in Iraq to develop a neglected area located to the north and west of Mosul , called Ninawah Plain , for such a settlement .
A self - governing province , she believes , the only way to stop the violence and the flow of Christian refugees out of Iraq .
Citing the UN , she said that " 36 percent of refugees are Christian .
Why ?
We are targeted in our church , in our schools , [ for ] our personal [ habits ] : 13 Christian women two weeks ago were kidnapped and killed .
Why ?
Because they did n't wear the traditional Islamic veils . "
And life for refugees is , she said , very tough .
" No country wants to help them , no one likes to really recognize what they 're living through every day , " she said , describing the situation of Iraqi Christian refugees that she met in neighboring Iraq as " very bad . "
" 13 Christian women two weeks ago were kidnapped and killed .
Why ?
Because they did n't wear the traditional Islamic veils . "
Now the director of Iraqi Women 's Center for Development in Baghdad , Warda insists that the proposal is not for a " Christian empire " separate from Iraq .
Christians , and all Iraqis , she said , want to participate in the democratic development of the country but cannot do so if they are being forced to flee for their lives .
An estimated 200 - 300,000 Iraqi Christians have fled to surrounding countries since the war began .
Only one Christian currently serves in the 275 - member Iraqi National Assembly .
Stopping the Christian exodus is in the best interests of both Iraq and the United States , Warda argues , because their presence ensures that Iraq remains a diverse country that embraces the democratic ideals of tolerance and multiculturalism .
The Christian voice , she said , is a voice for democratization .
Time For ' Kindertransport ' ?
Michael Youash , of the Iraq Sustainable Democracy Project -- the group that brought Warda to Washington -- said the delegation has met with staff members of the National Security Council , State Department , and Vice President Dick Cheney 's office .
He said the response had been polite and at times warm , but not enthusiastic .
Father Keith Roderick , the Washington representative of the religious - rights group Christian Solidarity International and the secretary - general of the Coalition for the Defense of Human Rights , appeared at the press conference with Warda to " stand in solidarity " with the persecuted Christians of Iraq .
No one in the Sunni , Shi'ite , or Kurdish communities has called " to end the violence against others : against the Assyrians , Chaldeans , Mandeans , Turkmen , Yezidis , and Shabak .
Their blood is flowing freely in Iraq . "
" It 's striking that during the month of Ramadan , which has been such a violent month for religious and ethnic minorities in Iraq , that there has n't been any form of protest aimed at the defense of these minorities , " he said .
Roderick criticized the Organization of Islamic Countries for not reacting when Father Iskander was beheaded in Mosul , and decried the fact that no Muslim leader in Iraq has protested .
" The problem , " he said , " is that no one has raised that call within the Sunni or Shi'ite communities , or the Kurdish community , to end the violence against others : against the Assyrians , Chaldeans , Mandeans , Turkmen , Yezidis , and Shabak .
Their blood is flowing freely in Iraq . "
He also endorsed the idea of an autonomous province .
While he emphasized that this would not stop the violence in large cities such as Mosul , Baghdad , and Al - Basrah , " it would provide a place where people can go for sanctuary if they need to , " adding that " it is not a safe haven but it is an autonomous administrative unit , by which the affairs of the persecuted minorities are governed by themselves , and they have an opportunity to participate in the federalist system which is developing in Iraq . "
Roderick noted that although the U.S. Iraq Study Group -- headed by former Secretary of State James Baker -- is currently considering a proposal to divide Iraq along ethnic lines , the Assyrians are asking for something that is already in the Iraqi constitution : a provision already exists enabling the creation of independent governorates .
" The law exists in theory but in implementation it 's another matter , " he continued , " and implementation will not happen unless there is a policy of the United States , or of Congress , to make a resolution to recognize the existence of this Assyrian governorate for these minorities . "
He added that the crisis in Iraq reflects a larger pattern in the Middle East .
In 1900 , Christians comprised just over 20 percent of the region 's population .
In 2000 that figure was just below two percent .
Roderick said some of Iraq 's smaller Christian groups are considering undertaking a project like the World War II " kindertransport " that took Jewish children from Germany , Czechoslovakia , and Austria to Britain to escape the coming genocide .
He said that is increasingly becoming an attractive idea , especially if the notion of a province on Ninawah Plain does not succeed .
Saving the children of these minorities for the future is essential , he said , " otherwise they will not exist . "
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News
Lasers could one day be used to destroy rockets , mortars , or roadside bombs
Enlarge Image
The Solid State Heat Capacity Laser ( SSHCL ) has achieved 67 kilowatts ( kW ) of average power in the laboratory .
It could take only a further six to eight months to break the " magic " 100 kW mark required for the battlefield , the project 's chief scientist told the BBC .
Potentially , lasers could destroy rockets , mortars or roadside bombs .
For many years , solid state , electrically powered lasers like SSHCL were only able to operate at a fraction of the 100 kW mark .
We believe we hold the world 's record for this
Bob Yamamoto , Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory
" I know of no other solid state laser that has achieved 67 kW of average output power , " Dr Yamamoto , from the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California , told BBC News .
" We believe we hold the world 's record for this . "
The news was announced at an army science conference in Orlando , Florida , and reported by the website Defensetech.org .
The SSHCL uses a lithium - ion power source
Chemically powered lasers have been able to achieve megawatts ( one megawatt=one million watts ) of power .
But they are large and heavy , and require a constant supply of chemical fuel .
Solid state lasers may lack this power potential , but they tend to be more compact and lightweight , holding promise for the eventual development of a mobile , vehicle - mounted weapon .
" We have a lot of power coming out considering this is a very small system , " said Dr Yamamoto .
" In our 25 kW configuration and our 2.5 sq cm spot size on a one - inch thick steel target , we blow a hole through it in seven seconds . "
SSHCL uses an array of many diodes - not dissimilar to the LEDs used in bicycle lights and remote controls - to generate a beam .
Chilled water is piped through the diode array and other components of the laser to cool it down during operation .
SSHCL generates a pulsed beam which fires 200 times a second at a wavelength of one micron .
However , other experts place more stock in a continuous wave ( CW ) , or " always - on " , beam format .
Aerial targets
Dr Yamamoto said the power required of directed energy weapons depended very much on the task : " If you have an improvised explosive device ( IED ) , exposed by the roadside in Baghdad , detonating that device in five seconds or 15 seconds is not such an issue , " he said .
" You could have - for example - a 25 kW laser and have it dwell a little longer on the target .
THEL has shot down an arsenal of aerial targets in live tests ( Image : Northrop Grumman )
He added : " More power on one level equates to a quicker response on the target you are trying to destroy . "
On a good day , said Dr Yamamoto , a 100 kW solid state laser with reasonable beam quality could have a range of several kilometres .
The team believes that a 100 kW mobile version of the laser could be contained in a 9 m - ( 30 ft - ) long trailer .
The effectiveness of directed energy systems is affected by many variables .
These can include atmospheric conditions , turbulence ( changes in air density as the result of heating and cooling ) , humidity , clouds , the time of day , and , of course , the nature of the target .
The US military sees many applications for high power lasers
THEL , built by defence giant Northrop Grumman , uses a highly focused , high - power laser beam to engage and destroy aerial targets .
Another high - profile system currently under development is the US Air Force 's Airborne Laser ( ABL ) , which is designed to destroy enemy missiles shortly after they have been launched .
The megawatt class chemical laser is to be carried aboard a modified Boeing 747 freighter aircraft .
One of the biggest hurdles to surmount for solid state lasers is achieving a sufficient beam quality .
This is a measure of how tightly a laser beam can be focused under certain conditions .
Dr Yamamoto said improving the beam quality was one of the current goals for his team .
The Livermore group is one of a number working on solid state lasers and is looking for further funding .
In 2005 , Massachusetts - based Textron Systems and Northrop Grumman became the only two firms so far selected by the US to develop solid - state lasers for the military .
The programme 's goal is to develop a 100 kW solid state laser by 2010 .
Democrats picked up 36 Congressional seats that used to belong to Republicans .
Republicans picked up none .
Zero .
That 's a 36 - 0 blowout .
The trend against the Republican Party is not some sort of theoretical statistical anomaly .
It 's real .
And it 's here to stay .
I suspect that right now if you asked the question , " Which party understands your concerns and has your best interests in mind ? " the Democrats would crush the Republicans .
The jury is in .
Republicans are for the rich and connected and they do n't care about the average guy .
You know who reinforced this idea over and over - Karl Rove , Dick Cheney and George W. Bush .
How many no -bid contracts does Halliburton have to get , how many political cronies have to get jobs in place of qualified , decent people , how many tax cuts for billionaires do you have to pass and how many people do you have to leave to die in New Orleans before people get the message ?
Well , do n't worry , mission accomplished !
They got the message .
The Bush administration has been running this government for six years as if none of their decisions have consequences .
This does n't just apply on the policy level , where they started a war without a post - war plan , as if that would n't turn out to be a gigantic problem .
It also applies politically .
The reason you fire unpopular Secretaries of Defense or Attorney Generals or political advisors is because if you do n't , your party suffers .
People get pissed and start to think you do n't give a damn what they think .
For six years , this administration and their Republican enablers thought they were bullet - proof .
They thought the regular rules of politics had been suspended .
Karl
Rove entranced them into thinking that voodoo politics would work forever - just run to your base , do n't worry about the center and there wo n't be any consequences .
Well , there were .
And now the chickens have come home to roost .
They had only one go to move -- the war on terror .
Now their one trick pony has turned into a dead horse .
The more they beat it , the less people believe them .
And they have nothing left to fall back on .
Maybe they could have gotten away with one secret energy committee or a couple of no - bid contracts or just a little bit of torture or taking away a couple of amendments or getting rid of some allies or one round of tax cuts to the super wealthy , but they clearly could n't get away with all of that , all of the time .
What 's that saying about fooling some of the people all of the time and all of the people some of the time , but ...
That " but " eventually leads to getting your butt handed to you .
And that is what 's happening to the Republican Party right now .
Rick Santorum was thinking of running for president .
Three years ago , he was considered one of the favorites on the Republican side .
He lost by 18 points !
Eighteen points !
That 's gargantuan .
Four years ago I wrote a piece on our website called " The Inevitable Downfall of the Republican Party . "
I argued that the political strategy of this administration was untenable .
You can't continue to piss off the center and think there wo n't be consequences .
I said the Republican Party was going to run into an iceberg .
Now , they have .
And what 's worse is that , they think it 's an ice cube .
They have to steer away from this mess right now .
If they wait a whole two more years and keep defending Bush , they are going to sink so fast they 're not going to know what hit them .
President Bush has been in the low thirties in approval rating for forever now .
Those numbers are unprecedented for this length of time .
People do not like him !
They think he 's a terrible president .
Yes , the right - wing might have done a masterful job of tricking the press into thinking they represent the middle of the country , but you know who 's not buying it ?
The country .
So , as the press and the Republican Party kept telling themselves that the Republicans spoke for the heart of this country and kept telling themselves that their ship could not sink , they had already hit the iceberg .
This country does n't stand for torture .
This country is n't for aggressive , unnecessary wars that get our kids killed .
This country is n't for incompetence and indifference .
This country is n't about a government so small that it does n't care to respond when its citizens are in trouble .
This country is n't for endless tax cuts for the absurdly wealthy .
This country is n't for taking away people 's constitutional rights .
This country is n't for the extreme views of the religious right .
This is a free and open society .
We believe that the government should n't be so small that it can't help us when we need a hand in hard times .
We believe that the government is n't so big that it can take on the world without the help of our allies .
Sometimes people are a little slow in catching on , but they are n't stupid .
And the Bush administration has been treating them like they are for quite some time now .
This ship is n't going to hold , so the Republicans are soon going to be faced with a decision .
Are they going to let Bush take them down with him or are they going to cut their losses ?
If they choose to keep defending the kind of corruption we see in the US attorneys scandal or the mess in Iraq or the endless subsidies and contracts for politically connected companies at home , there is going to be hell to pay .
If they thought 2006 was bad , wait till they get a load of 2008 .
The Bush administration in its limitless arrogance broke so many rules , regulations and yes , laws , that there is going to be an unending stream of scandals as we go through the next two years .
Do you think people are n't going to be pissed when they find out we flat out lost $ 8.8 billion in Iraq ?
We just lost it .
Do n't know where it went .
You think people who do n't like to give away money to welfare queens are n't going to mind giving it away to corporations who steal it ?
I 'm sorry , I meant misplace it .
And that 's Iraqi oil revenue .
What about our own taxpayer money ?
We have been defrauded and over - charged out of $ 10 billion .
Who does n't think that Americans will be enraged over that ?
And who stole that money ?
Companies who got no -bid contractors because they knew the right people inside the Bush administration .
The people who live inside Washington live in a bubble .
Their friends and acquaintances take that as common and acceptable .
That 's not how average Americans are going to see it .
There is no constituency for corruption .
Just because the Republicans inside the beltway do n't mind it , does n't mean that Republicans and independents outside the beltway see it that way .
People get pissed when you take their money and give it to your corrupt buddies , no matter what party they 're from .
The general population does n't even know much about this so far because the media has n't covered it very much and the Republicans in Congress buried it to protect the administration .
But now that the Democrats have taken over , they are going to shine the light on these abuses .
And when they do , if you thought people were pissed about corruption in 2006 , wait till you get a load of them in 2008 .
If Republicans do n't get out ahead of this thing and help to lead the charge , they are going to get swept up in it .
They covered up for these guys for six years , thinking there would n't be any consequences .
They were drunk with power and high on the delusion that the bubble would never burst .
Rove had told them about a permanent majority .
Cheney had told them that deference to authority works .
But like all bubbles , whether they are stock market bubbles , real estate bubbles or Bush bubbles , they all eventually pop .
And then it 's a long way down .
So , over the next two years , Republicans are going to be faced with a decision .
Do you go down with the ship or do you throw the captain overboard ?
Something has to give .
If they stick with this captain on this ill - fated voyage for another two years , they are going to have to swim home .
If they have any sense , they 'll look out for the party and rush back to the center .
Which might mean that there comes a point some time over the horizon when a couple of Republican Senators make the long walk over to the White House and have that uncomfortable conversation with the president .
The kind of conversation where they come to pack his bags , show him the door and wave toward Crawford as he slinks away .
Or Bush could figure it out in the next eight months and jettison Gonzales , Rove and Cheney , and limp toward the finish line .
That 's his best case scenario .
And the quicker he gets there , the less damage he 'll do to the Republican Party .
Either way , what Republicans have to understand now is that it is n't the Bush administration versus the Democrats anymore .
It 's a struggle between the White House and them .
They 're not both going to make it out alive .
And if I was still a Republican , I 'd be grabbing a life jacket right about now .
The Young Turks
The Afterparty
It was Halloween , after all , so we donned costumes and headed to Harvard Square .
( “ What are you ? ” people asked me .
I looked them straight in the eye , scrunched up my face to look a little angry , and said “ I ’m a dot - com millionaire ” with utter seriousness .
That was my costume . )
Alexis carried a sack of candy , Steve a sack of shirts .
People in all sorts of bizarre costumes waited for the train .
We grabbed dinner at Border Cafe .
Alexis handed out candy and shirts to the waiters while flirting , and offered to bribe them into voting for him in the Halloween costume contest .
I ordered a meal , but could n’t make myself eat it .
The food just sort of seemed to stick in my mouth , each swallow painful .
“ So what are you going to buy first ? ” someone asked each of us .
When it came to me , I stared blankly .
I could n’t think of anything I wanted .
“ Who ’s going to pay for the check ? ”
Steve asked .
“ Oh , wait .
I just realized , for the first time , that it ’s relevant . ”
Afterwards , we walked down Church Street back to Harvard Square .
There were a bunch of young girls loitering .
Alexis struck up a conversation .
“ Want some candy ? ” “ Yeah ! ” they all cried .
He opened up the pillowcase .
“ Want some shirts ? ” “ Uh , sure , ” they laughed , and started fussing over colors and sizes .
It was the strangest transformation , two mild - mannered guys suddenly become showmen , a horde of girls at their feet .
“ It ’s times like these I wish I was a Vanity Fair reporter , ” I tell Chris .
“ What ’s reddit ? ” the girls asked as they tried shirts on .
“ Oh , it used to be a website . ”
“ So why are you girls all just standing here ? ” “ We ’re waiting for the Rocky Horror Picture Show !
You should come . ”
“ Oh .
Well , we were going to go get crunked . ”
“ Well , you can get crunked and then come see it ! ”
We demurred and continued on , finding a flock of well - suited men , visiting from other countries , who fell for the same trick .
“ I ’ll have to give this to my daughter . ”
As we walked to a bar , we passed three young girls in bunny costumes who Alexis tried to pick up .
The oldest - looking one wanted to hang out with us , thought it would be fun , started giggling suggestively , a glimmer into a pasttime I did n’t understand ( my feeling is “ men suck ” , on both sides of the equation ) .
But despite her best efforts , her two younger - looking friends shied away and wanted to just go to Rocky Horror .
There was a struggle , and I saw the girls walking towards the bar and away from it several times after that .
By the time we finally reached the bar , my head was pounding and my stomach was nauseous , and I did n’t want to go in , I did n’t want to be here , I did n’t want to know these people .
I went home instead and watched a show about a serial killer and found myself identifying with the lead .
When I woke up the next morning , my head was fuzzy .
And while I saw the costumes strewn about the floor , the girls brought home who slept in our living room , the odd emails asking me what I ’d do next , I still felt funny .
For a shining moment in the morning , it felt as if this whole acquisition thing might have simply been a dream .
You should follow me on twitter here .
November 2 , 2006
For over six months now I have been working four days a week instead of the usual five .
I originally made this change in schedule in order to spend more time with my young son .
When I started , I was unsure how it would go , and how long I would be able to maintain it .
After experiencing the four - day work week , I must say that I am very pleased with it and plan to continue it indefinitely .
For those of you working the regular five days a week , imagine the last time you had a long weekend .
Now imagine that every weekend is a long weekend .
That is what a four - day work week is like .
The number one benefit of working four days a week is a better work - life balance - I have more time to spend with my family .
It is easier to do the many household chores that need to be done plus have personal time to spend on my own activities , such as writing this article .
When I worked five days a week , the standard two - day weekend sometimes felt rushed to me as I tried to get everything done that had been put off till the weekend .
With three - day weekends ( since I take Mondays off ) , there is always at least one day to unwind and relax .
This leads into another major benefit of the four - day work week - less stress .
Working only four days means one less day of work stresses , and one extra day to relax and unwind .
This helps prevent burnout and keeps my motivation level at work higher during stressful times .
Having more time for non-work activities also helps reduce the stress of trying to balance the many competing demands for my time .
So the four - day work week reduces stress in both the professional and personal aspects of my life .
There is one significant drawback of the four - day work week that you are likely wondering about .
What about the drop in pay ?
Working four instead of five days a week represents 20 % less hours worked , which corresponds to a 20 % drop in pay .
It is quite possible to handle this kind of pay reduction , typically by reducing your discretionary spending .
You may think it is not possible , but consider that assuming 3 % annual raises , you would have made 20 % less than your current income six years ago .
Reducing your income will also reduce some of your corresponding expenses , such as taxes and travel costs for the one day a week you stay home .
However , this kind of fiscal restraint is not for everyone , and I 'm not saying you should do it .
I did n't - I chose a different option : keep my full pay and make up the one day a week instead .
Yes , officially I still work five days a week .
How do I make up the one day a week when I am not at work ?
Over one year , that is 52 days .
I use a variety of ways to make up this time .
I receive 11 statutory holidays and three weeks ( 15 days ) of vacation that I use .
I work slightly longer than the standard eight hour work day - putting in an extra 30 to 60 minutes of overtime each day .
A simpler option would be to just work ten hours a day , which over four days adds up to the 40 hours needed per week , but that is too much for me .
As I wrote in my article Overtime Considered Harmful , my productivity and motivation drop too much when I work that much overtime .
I have noticed , however , that I can handle slightly higher levels of overtime working four days a week than I could working five days .
Assuming on average an extra 40 minutes a day of overtime works out to about 17 extra days over a year .
This gives a total of 11 + 15 + 17 = 43 days , leaving 9 days ( 52 - 43 ) to make up .
One final option I take advantage of is to go on - call .
When I am on - call , I earn 9 hours a week for holding the phone , even if it does not ring .
Many people dislike being on - call , but in my current role I am able to respond to calls from home , without traveling to the office , and the phone rarely rings .
So by going on call one week a month , I earn approximately 14 more days a year .
This is five more days than I need , leaving one week of vacation .
Using the approach outlined above allows me to work four days a week and still pull in my full salary .
But I do have to sacrifice most of my annual vacation and be on - call .
This approach will not work for everyone .
Not all workplaces offer flexible work schedules , and only certain types of jobs have an on - call role .
But there are many other options to arrange a four - day work week .
One option is to combine a pay cut with making up time .
Taking a 10 % pay cut will give you one day every two weeks , which leaves only 26 days to make up a year , which is possible just with statutory holidays and vacation .
If you do n't want to use up your vacation , you can work some five - day work weeks - doing this once a month with a 10 % pay cut leaves just 4 days to make up after holidays .
Working from home might also be an option worth considering .
Even if your workplace does not officially support a flexible work schedule , try talking to your manager .
Especially if you are a valued employee , they will be motivated to keep you happy .
Before switching to a four - day work week , you need to decide which day to take off .
I believe it is best to consistently take the same day off each week to minimize confusion for your coworkers and boss .
I personally like taking Mondays off , mainly because many statutory holidays fall on Mondays .
If the majority of your work involves dealing with others and attending lots of meetings , then I suggest taking Fridays off - that seems to be a favorite day for people to take off , especially in the summer , and there seems to be less meetings scheduled on Fridays than any other day of the week .
I have also heard people mention taking Wednesdays off , as that would split the work week in two , but then you lose the three - day weekend .
I heard recently that research by psychologists has shown that people working a four - day work week report on average higher levels of overall life satisfaction , particularly concerning their work - life balance .
This matches my experience .
I recommend you give it a try and find out how well the four - day work week works for you .
Tweet
If you find this article helpful , please make a donation .
1. 何でもできる？ Plaggerの正体に迫る
今回は話題 のPlagger（プラガー）を取り上げます。
この連載を読んでいる読者の皆さんは、ネットワーク技術や知識に興味を持っている人が多いでしょうから、「Plagger」という単語は一度は耳にしたことがあるでしょう。しかし、Plaggerという言葉を聞いたことはあっても、いったいどんなものかピンと来ない人もいるかもしれません。今回はPlaggerがどういった働きをするか？
その動きの仕組みなどを中心に紹介していきます。
● Plaggerとはなんぞや ？
Plaggerの機能を一言でまとめると 「 情報を収集・加工し任意の形で出力できるプログラム」です。Plaggerは、豊富なプラグインが用意されているのが特徴です。自分がやりたいことに合わせて、それらのプラグインをレゴブロックのように組み合わせ、オリジナル機能を持つPlaggerを作成することが可能です。
Plagger はWebの掲示板システムやカウンターなどCGIスクリプトでおなじみのPerl（パール）という言語で書かれています。プラグインもPerlで書かれているので、Perlが使えるユーザーであれば、オリジナルのプラグインや改造ができます。
Plagger は 「 フィードアグリゲーター」と説明される場合もあります。これは、PlaggerがRSSやAtomといった情報（＝フィード情報）を収集・整理し配信する（＝アグリゲートする
この連載の第1回「 Web更新情報が手軽にとれるRSS」でも解説しましたが、RSSリーダーもアグリゲーターです）ので、フィードアグリゲーターといわれているのです。
Plaggerとは、 「 フィードアグリゲーター」……、つまり任意の情報を収集し、自由に加工して出力することができるプログラムだと表現できるでしょう。
具体的に何ができるのか ？ Plaggerが便利な理由を次ページ以降で見ていきましょう。
●なぜ人気が出ている？
な ぜPlaggerは話題になっているのでしょうか？ それは以下の2つの理由があります。1つは先ほども述べましたが、Perlの知識があるユーザーなら、オリジナルのプラグインを作成してPlaggerに独自の機能を追加できたり、既存のプラグインの改造が手軽にできたりすること。
2つ目はプラグインがたくさん用意されているので、Perlの知識のないユーザーでも目的に合ったプラグインを探し出して、組み合わせることによって、これまたユーザーのやりたいことを満たす機能をPlaggerで作ることができるからです。
カスタマイズ性の高さと多彩な機能を持つ点が、人気の秘密のようです。
誰が作っているの ？
Plaggerは誰が作っているのでしょうか？ Plaggerの公式サイトを見てみると、すべて英語で書かれているのですが、実は作者は日本人です。ブログツール「 Movable Type」をリリースしているSix Apartの宮川達彦氏です。
宮川氏は日本を代表するアルファギークの1人で、オライリー・ジャパンから『Blog Hacks —プロが教えるテクニック＆ツール100選』という書籍を伊藤直也氏（株式会社はてなのCTO）と共著で出しています。
では、次のページで はPlaggerが実際にどんなことができるのか？
実例をたくさん取り上げていきます。これを読めばアナタもPlaggerを導入したくなる？
1|2|3|4|5 次のページへ
In October , 2005 , a radiation sensor at the Port of Colombo , in Sri Lanka , signalled that the contents of an outbound shipping container included radioactive material .
The port ’s surveillance system , installed with funds from the National Nuclear Security Administration , an agency within the Department of Energy , was n’t yet in place , so the container was loaded and sent to sea before it could be identified .
After American and Sri Lankan inspectors hurriedly checked camera images at the port , they concluded that the suspect crate might be on any one of five ships — two of which were steaming toward New York .
It ’s thought that there are some fifty - four thousand licensed batches of radioactive materials in the U.S. that could be used in a dirty bomb .
JOHN RITTER
Sri Lanka is a locus of guerrilla war and arms smuggling .
It is not far from Pakistan , which possesses nuclear arms , is a haven for Al Qaeda , and has a poor record of nuclear security .
The radiation - emitting container presented at least the theoretical danger of a “ pariah ship , ” Vayl Oxford , the director of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office , which is part of the Department of Homeland Security , said .
It seemed plausible , if unlikely , that Al Qaeda or rogue Pakistani generals might load a bomb onto a cargo vessel .
Within days , American satellites located the five suspect ships and intelligence analysts scrutinized their manifests ; a team at the National Security Council took charge .
One ship , it learned , was bound for Canada , and another for Hamburg , Germany .
The White House decided to call in its atomic - bomb squad , known as NEST , the Nuclear Emergency Support Team — scientists who are trained to search for nuclear weapons .
One team flew to Canada and a second to Europe , where it intercepted one of the ships at sea before it could reach Hamburg .
They found nothing .
The United States Coast Guard stopped the two New York - bound ships in territorial waters , about ten miles offshore ; from that distance , if there was a nuclear weapon on board a detonation would cause relatively little harm .
Scientists boarded the vessels , shouldering diagnostic equipment , but these ships , too , turned out to be clean ; as it happened , the offending vessel was on an Asian route , and its cargo was scrap metal mixed with radioactive materials that had been dumped improperly .
The entire episode , which was not disclosed to the public , lasted about two weeks .
This sometimes nerve - racking exercise resulted in no more than the disposal of some radioactive waste .
It was also the first major defensive maneuver triggered by a shield that the United States is attempting to build as a defense against a clandestine nuclear attack .
The idea , in essence , is to envelop the country in rings of radiation detectors and connect these sensors to military and police command centers , which would then respond to unexplained movements of nuclear material .
The project , comparable in ambition to ballistic - missile defense , is the first of its kind in the atomic age .
The plan has already attracted criticism from some scientists and defense strategists , primarily because , as with missile defense , the project promises to be expensive and would require leaps of ingenuity to overcome technical problems presented by the laws of physics .
Still , with little public discussion this “ layered defense , ” as it is described by its proponents , is being deployed .
The federal government has distributed more than fifteen hundred radiation detectors to overseas ports and border crossings , as well as to America ’s northern and southern borders , domestic seaports , Coast Guard ships , airports , railways , mail facilities , and even some highway truck stops .
More detectors are being distributed each month .
NEST and the Federal Bureau of Investigation maintain a permanent team to respond to events in Washington and along the Northeast Corridor ; a second team trained to dismantle nuclear weapons is based in Albuquerque , and eight other teams able to diagnose radioactive materials operate on continuous alert elsewhere in the country .
Since the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , NEST teams have been deployed about twice a year because of specific threats reported by intelligence agencies , including at least two instances , apart from the Sri Lankan episode , where they boarded a ship approaching the United States .
NEST units also discreetly screen vehicles , buildings , and people at designated events such as political conventions and the recent N.B.A.
All - Star Game , in Las Vegas .
In the United States alone , the sensors generate more than a thousand radiation alarms on an average day , all of which must be investigated .
The world , it turns out , is awash in uncontrolled radioactive materials .
Most are harmless , but a few are dangerous , and many detectors are still too crude to distinguish among different types of radiation ; they ring just as loudly if they locate nuclear - bomb material or contaminated steel or , for that matter , bananas , which emit radiation from the isotope potassium - 40 .
So far , the result has been a cacophony of false alarms , which , in most cases , are caused by naturally occurring radiation that has found its way from soil or rock into manufactured products such as ceramic tiles .
In addition , people who have recently received medical treatments with radioactive isotopes such as thorium can set off the detectors .
At baseball ’s All - Star Game in Detroit in 2005 , unobserved NEST scientists screened tens of thousands of fans entering the stadium , and their sensors rang just once — reacting to the former Secretary of Energy Spencer Abraham , who was radioactive from a recent doctor ’s visit .
Detritus from nuclear commerce that has slipped through American and international regulatory systems is another periodic source of alarms , and one that has proved to be a greater cause of concern .
Virtually none of the loose material detected so far would be useful to a terrorist seeking to build a fission weapon — a bomb of the sort that was dropped on Hiroshima .
A disquieting fraction of it , however , might be useful for what the American defense bureaucracy calls a “ radioactive dispersal device , ” more commonly known as a dirty bomb .
There is recent evidence , too , that Al Qaeda - inspired radicals are pursuing such a weapon .
The term “ dirty bomb ” can refer to a wide variety of devices , but generally it describes one that would use a conventional explosive such as dynamite to release radioactive material into the air .
The initial explosion and its subsequent plume might kill or sicken a dozen or perhaps as many as a few hundred people , depending on such factors as wind and the bomb - maker ’s skill .
If the weapon was particularly well made , employing one of the most potent and long - lived types of radioactive materials that are used in medicine and in the food industry , it might also cause considerable economic damage — perhaps rendering a number of city blocks uninhabitable .
Radioactive ground contamination cannot easily be scrubbed away , so it might be necessary to tear down scores of buildings and cart the rubble to disposal sites .
It ’s easy to imagine what the impact of such an attack would be if the contaminated area was , say , a quarter of the East Village , or the Seventh Arrondissement of Paris .
Charles Ferguson is a former nuclear submarine officer trained in physics ; he left the Navy for a career in security studies and is currently a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations .
In 2003 , he co-wrote an unclassified report titled “ Commercial Radioactive Sources : Surveying the Security Risks . ”
About two years later , F.B.I. agents working on an international terrorism case asked to meet with him .
They brought a document showing that some of his report had been downloaded onto the computer of a British citizen named Dhiren Barot , a Hindu who had converted to Islam .
Barot , it turned out , had been communicating with Al Qaeda about a plan to detonate a dirty bomb in Britain , and he had used a highlighting pen on a printout of Ferguson ’s study while conducting his research .
The report described how large amounts of certain commercial radioactive materials might pose a danger to a terrorist who tried to handle them .
“ This seems to have worried him , ” Ferguson told me , referring to Barot , “ so he decided to look at smoke detectors . ”
Some detectors contain slivers of americium - 241 ; the isotope ’s constant emission of radiation creates a chemical process that screens for smoke .
Barot informed his Al Qaeda handlers that he was thinking about buying ten thousand smoke detectors to make his bomb .
In fact , to make a device that would be even remotely effective , Ferguson said , he would have had to buy more than a million .
“ Either his reading comprehension was poor or he was evading the assignment , ” Ferguson told me .
In Britain , last October , Barot pleaded guilty to terrorism - related charges .
Barot appears to have been only marginally more competent than Jose Padilla , the hapless American convert to Islam who travelled to Pakistan , met with Al Qaeda leaders , and then flew to the United States , where he was arrested amid great fanfare , in June 2002 .
John Ashcroft , then the Attorney General , held a press conference in which he accused Padilla of “ exploring a plan ” to build a dirty bomb , charges that were later omitted from an indictment against him .
The Barot and Padilla cases raise a strategic question — whether it is worth setting up an expensive , imperfect system whose effectiveness would be greatest against slow - witted terrorists .
The Bush Administration is now spending about four hundred million dollars annually on radiation - detector research , but nuclear physicists who have studied the technology disagree about how discriminating these sensors might become .
One point on which everyone agrees , however , is that , of all the potentially dangerous radioactive isotopes , it will always be most difficult to detect highly enriched uranium - 235 , one of the two materials , along with plutonium , used to make fission weapons .
Unless it is being compressed to explode , highly enriched uranium is a low - energy isotope that does not emit much radioactivity — it is “ dull , ” in the lexicon employed by scientists in the field .
This makes it relatively easy to shield inside lead casing , or to mask by surrounding it with brighter isotopes .
Plutonium , by comparison , is fairly bright , and many of the most dangerous isotopes that could be used in dirty bombs , such as cesium 137 and cobalt 60 , are brighter still .
Radiation sensors , then , will always be more effective against a Dhiren Barot than against , say , the Pakistani nuclear scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan , a metallurgist who has spent many years studying fission weapons and highly enriched uranium , as well as the challenges of international smuggling .
It is common , in defense studies , to evaluate an adversary on the basis of capability and intent .
Pakistan has a nuclear - weapons capability , but its government , however fragile it may be , is presumed to have no hostile intentions toward the United States .
Al Qaeda , on the other hand , has demonstrated hostile intentions but has little known nuclear capability .
Osama bin Laden has declared that the acquisition of nuclear weapons is a religious duty , and it is well documented that he tried to buy uranium during the mid-nineteen - nineties while he was living in Sudan .
( Like many other would - be purchasers of black - market nuclear material , he apparently fell victim to a scam . )
After September 11th , bin Laden met with Pakistani nuclear scientists to discuss weapons issues .
More recently , Al Qaeda - inspired radicals have sought nuclear materials .
“ We know they have a significant appetite and they have been searching for different materials , in different venues , for the past several years , ” Vahid Majidi , an assistant director of the F.B.I. , who is in charge of the bureau ’s newly formed weapons - of - mass - destruction directorate , told me .
“ The question becomes our vigilance and their ability to execute . ”
Last September , the Nuclear Threat Initiative posted a translation of a message that appeared on the Web and was attributed to Abu Ayyub al - Masri , the leader of Al Qaeda in Iraq .
The speaker called for experts in “ chemistry , physics , electronics , media and all other sciences , especially nuclear scientists and explosives experts . ”
He continued , “ We are in dire need of you . …
The field of jihad can satisfy your scientific ambitions , and the large American bases are good places to test your unconventional weapons , whether biological or dirty , as they call them . ”
The available evidence , then , suggests that while jihadi leaders might like to acquire a proper fission weapon , their pragmatic plans seem to run to dirty bombs — a more plausible ambition .
Among other things , the international nuclear black market holds more promise for dirty - bomb builders than for those who are interested in fission weapons .
In all the cases of nuclear smuggling reported to the International Atomic Energy Agency since the collapse of the Soviet Union , none have involved significant amounts of fissionable materials .
( There have been at least two cases in which a seller possessing small amounts of highly enriched uranium promised that he could get much more but was arrested before the claim could be tested ; the most recent of these occurred in the former Soviet republic of Georgia , in 2006 . )
By comparison , the I.A.E.A. has recorded about three dozen black - market smuggling incidents through 2004 involving radiological isotopes in quantities that would be useful for a destructive dirty bomb , according to European diplomats who have analyzed the records .
It would not be simple to build a damaging device with these materials .
Still , Peter Zimmerman , who served as the chief scientist of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee from 2001 to 2003 , said , “ I think there are Al Qaeda people who , given finely divided material , could think of very creative and malicious ways to use it .
Why has n’t it happened ?
The answer is we ’ve been lucky . ”
The Bush Administration has not assigned the same urgency to the dirty - bomb threat that it has to the threat of a terrorist attack using a fission weapon .
Fred Iklé , who served as the Under - Secretary of Defense for Policy in the Reagan Administration and has consulted on homeland - defense matters for the Bush Administration , told me that he and his colleagues have been considerably more concerned about a full - blown nuclear - weapons conspiracy , which would have the potential to trigger a worldwide economic depression and force millions of Americans to flee major cities .
By contrast , even the worst dirty - bomb event , Iklé said , would be less than “ a Katrina . ”
Last year , analysts at the Department of Homeland Security divided the threat of a weapon - of - mass - destruction attack against the United States into two categories , “ catastrophic ” and “ limited , ” according to Maureen I. McCarthy , a senior adviser in the department ’s intelligence and analysis office .
A catastrophic attack , in this taxonomy , would cause ten thousand or more casualties and fifty billion to a hundred billion dollars in economic damage , and would produce a “ major global policy shift , ” McCarthy said last November , at an intelligence symposium .
A limited attack might produce a hundred to a thousand casualties and would be confined to a single region , although it might also have “ global political consequences . ”
The D.H.S. intelligence analysts placed a fission - weapon attack , the use of some biological agents , and an outbreak of hoof - and - mouth disease in the catastrophic category ( the latter in part because it might require the closure of national borders for up to ninety days ) .
Dirty bombs fell into the limited category .
From the very beginning , fear of a fission bomb and its consequences has influenced American thinking about the costs and benefits of possible defenses against nuclear terrorism .
The Washington office of Los Alamos National Laboratory is in a modern building on the south side of the Mall , near a busy hotel .
Richard Wagner has a spacious office on the second floor , which he has filled with color photographs of nature scenes .
He is seventy years old , a trim man with a white mustache and a calm , precise demeanor .
Wagner is a physicist who entered the field of nuclear weapons during the nineteen - sixties .
He rose to become the deputy director of Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and , for five years during the Reagan Administration , served as the Pentagon ’s principal civilian adviser on nuclear weapons .
He chaired an intelligence advisory board at the Pentagon during the Clinton years .
At that time , he undertook the first of three studies on how the United States might erect a defense against a nuclear sneak attack .
As much as anyone , Wagner is convinced of the need to employ radiation sensors in a national shield .
Wagner recalled , when I visited him on a recent wintry afternoon , that his interest in nuclear terrorism began during the early nineteen - seventies , when an F.B.I. agent arrived at Livermore carrying an extortion note .
The F.B.I. man wanted to know if the threat , which involved a plan to blow up a nuclear device , was plausible .
It was not , as it happened , but the incident , and several others like it during that period , got Wagner and a colleague at Livermore , Bill Nelson , thinking about what they would have done if they ever faced a serious case .
The subject had received remarkably little attention .
In 1946 , Robert Oppenheimer , the physicist who supervised the building of the first atom bombs , told Congress that three or four men “ could destroy New York ” by sneaking a nuclear weapon into the city .
When a senator asked how such a weapon , smuggled in a crate or a suitcase , could be detected , Oppenheimer replied , “ With a screwdriver . ”
It was not until the early seventies that the issue was revived inside the defense bureaucracy — stimulated , in part , by the publication of John McPhee ’s “ The Curve of Binding Energy , ” which drew on interviews with the theoretical physicist Theodore B. Taylor , an innovator in nuclear - weapons design .
Taylor spoke about the possibility that an individual , perhaps an American citizen , could build a fission bomb .
In one striking passage , he holds a sliver of metallic uranium - 235 in his hands as he speculates , “ If ten per cent of this were fissioned , it would be enough to knock down the World Trade Center . ”
As a result of these warnings , Wagner recalled , “ the government was getting more sensitive to the possibility that this might happen . ”
At the time , the dominant fear was that a bomb - builder would issue an extortion demand ; the government would then have to find him in a hurry and dismantle his weapon .
“ Our job was to search , and then , if we ever found anything , do something safe with it , ” Wagner said .
“ It was the threat object that was fixed , and we were moving .
And the idea of it being the other way around , the threat object moving toward the U.S. or around the U.S. , and the detectors being fixed , which is part of the current paradigm — I do n’t remember that as being much in our thinking . ”
To address such possibilities , Wagner helped to create NEST .
« More Rummy | Main | Travel » Let 's Talk to Iran -- A Growing Chorus !
People might disagree on whether direct bilaterals are better , or the U.S. tacking onto the Euro - 3 multilaterals , or some combination thereto , but more and more seasoned foreign policy experts are calling for some form of direct dialogue between the Islamic Republic of Iran and the United States .
Let 's review the bidding , in no particular order : Henry Kissinger : ... on a matter so directly involving its security , the United States should not negotiate through proxies , however closely allied .
If America is prepared to negotiate with North Korea over proliferation in the six - party forum , and with Iran in Baghdad over Iraqi security , it must be possible to devise a multilateral venue for nuclear talks with Tehran that would permit the United States to participate -- especially in light of what is at stake .
Richard Lugar : Direct talks would be " useful " Richard Armitage : " It merits talking to the Iranians about the full range of our relationship ... everything from energy to terrorism to weapons to Iraq ... We can be diplomatically astute enough to do it without giving anything away . ”
Richard Haass :
Given these potential high costs , Washington should be searching harder for a diplomatic alternative , one that entail direct US talks with Iran beyond the narrow dialogue announced on Iraq .
Iran would be allowed no — or at most , a token — uranium enrichment programme ( one too small to produce a militarily significant amount of nuclear material over the next decade ) coupled with the most intrusive inspections .
In return , Iran would receive a range of economic benefits , security guarantees and political dialogue .
If Iran refused , the United Nations Security Council would ban investment in Iran ’s oil and gas sector .
Dennis Ross :
Why not have the president go to his British , French and German counterparts and say :
We will join you at the table with the Iranians , but first let us agree on an extensive set of meaningful -- not marginal -- economic and political sanctions that we will impose if the negotiations fail .
Any such agreement would also need to entail an understanding of what would constitute failure in the talks and the trigger for the sanctions .
The Europeans have always wanted the Americans at the table .
Agreeing on the sanctions in advance would be the price for getting us there .
Why not have the president go to his British , French and German counterparts and say :
We will join you at the table with the Iranians , but first let us agree on an extensive set of meaningful -- not marginal -- economic and political sanctions that we will impose if the negotiations fail .
Any such agreement would also need to entail an understanding of what would constitute failure in the talks and the trigger for the sanctions .
The Europeans have always wanted the Americans at the table .
Agreeing on the sanctions in advance would be the price for getting us there .
Chuck Hagel :
As we consider the regional context of stability and security in Iraq , there is another issue that we must deal with — a relationship between the United States and Iran .
The fact that our two governments cannot — or will not — sit down to exchange views must end .
Iran is a regional power ; it has major influence in Iraq and throughout the Gulf region .
Its support of terrorist organizations and the threat it poses to Israel is all the more reason that the U.S. must engage Iran .
Any lasting solution to Iran ’s nuclear weapons program will also require the United States ’ direct discussions with Iran .
The United States is capable of engaging Iran in direct dialogue without sacrificing any of its interests or objectives .
As a start , we should have direct discussions with Iran on the margins of any regional security conference on Iraq , as we did with Iran in the case of Afghanistan .
Then there is this excellent CFR 2004 Task Force Report on Iran that recommends a " direct dialogue " between Iran and the United States .
Signatories include Robert Gates ( Bush 41's DCI ) , Frank Carlucci ( Reagan 's Secretary of Defense , who agrees with the " main thrust " of the study , but in a reservation to the report expresses some reticence about the prospects for dialogue , at least back in ' 04 ) , and Louis Perlmutter , a MD at Lazard .
Kissinger .
Lugar .
Hagel .
Haass .
Armitage .
These are heavyweights .
Republican heavyweights .
Yeah folks , that 's right , with the possible exception of Dennis Ross , everyone listed above is a Republican .
All these people calling for direct engagement with Iran are not , you know , limp - wristed , America - hating , defeatist Democrats , but solid red-staters , God-loving GOP 'ers , people who'd get along just swell with Hugh Hewitt even ( my list , of course , would double and triple in size if I added the Madeline Albrights and Sandy Bergers and so on , indeed , we 'd almost have an emerging bipartisan consensus on talking directly to Iran ) !
Now , I 'm not going to name names and get all mean over here , but I 've seen a lot of people poo-pooing engagement with Iran whose collective foreign policy experience is n't worth a warm bucket of spit as compared to the people above .
They'd be blown to the proverbial smithereens ( and then some ) -- going mano to mano with this gang debating Iran policy -- especially post the Iraq imbroglio .
Just saying .
Closing thoughts , from Dick Armitage :
It appears that the Administration thinks that dialogue equates with weakness , that we 've called these regimes ' evil ' -- either Iran or North Korea - - and therefore we wo n't talk to them .
Some people say talking would legitimize the regimes .
But we 're not trying to change the regimes , and they 're already legitimized in the eyes of the international community .
So we ought to have enough confidence in our ability as diplomats to go eye to eye with people -- even though we disagree in the strongest possible way -- and come away without losing anything .
Indeed .
And , even should military force be ultimately required , it bears keeping in mind George Perkovich of Carnegie 's words : " it 's ( the U.S ) going to need a lot of friends in the aftermath .
And if you have n't tried diplomacy in a serious way , nobody 's going to stand with you .
It 's going to be worse than Iraq . "
Trying diplomacy in a " serious way " , of course , means us speaking directly to the Iranians , not just playing tag - along with the Euro - 3 .
More and more Republicans , those who are reality - based at least , are getting this .
More will soon too , I predict .
Even , per chance , senior players in the Administration ( ed.note : scroll to bottom of post ) !
P.S.How about John McCain , you ask ?
He 's almost there ( link ) , but always the hard - to - pigeonhole ' maverick ' ! : SCHIEFFER : All right .
Well , let 's talk a little bit about another problem , and that is Iran .
The administration is telling them ` We will not tolerate the building of a nuclear weapon . '
They 're talking about diplomacy , and yet so far we have declined to meet with them .
The -- what 's wrong with direct talks with Iran about this ?
Sen. McCAIN : Well , I think it 's an option that you probably have to consider , and it's a tough decision , because here 's a country whose rhetoric daily continues to be the most insulting to the United States and to democracy and freedom , constant threats about the extinction of their neighbor .
The president has stated clearly he will explore every diplomatic option .
But I think that there has to be some kind of glimmer of hope or optimism before we sit down and give them that kind of legitimacy .
P.P.S. Commenters are welcome to add in comments below prominent Republicans calling for U.S. talks with Iran that I 've omitted in my first cut , and I can update the list as able .
Posted by Gregory at May 17 , 2006 02:45 AM | TrackBack ( 1 )
About Belgravia Dispatch Recent Entries Search The News The Blogs Foreign Affairs Commentariat Law & Finance Think Tanks Security Books The City Epicurean Corner Archives
Syndicate this site :
www.vikeny.com
Belgravia Dispatch Maintained by :
Powered by
Powered by
Researchers tested stress levels after public speaking
New Scientist magazine reports that Stuart Brody , a psychologist at the University of Paisley , found having sex can help keep stress at bay .
However , only penetrative intercourse did the trick - other forms of sex had no impact on stress levels at all .
Professor Brody monitored how various forms of sex affected blood pressure levels in a stressful situation .
For a fortnight , 24 women and 22 men kept diaries of how often they engaged in various forms of sex .
Then they underwent a stress test involving public speaking and performing mental arithmetic out loud .
Volunteers who had had penetrative intercourse were found to be the least stressed , and their blood pressure returned to normal faster than those who had engaged in other forms of sexual activity such as masturbation .
Those who abstained from any form of sexual activity at all had the highest blood pressure response to stress .
Dr Brody found that the effect remained even after taking differences in personality and other health - related factors into account .
Nerves stimulated
He told the BBC News website it was possible the calming effect was linked to the stimulation of a wide variety of nerves which takes place during heterosexual intercourse , but not other forms of sex .
You are probably better off thinking about what you are going to say and preparing thoroughly
Dr Peter Bull
In particular , the vagal nerve plays a role in controlling some psychological processes .
In addition , the release of the hormone oxytocin during sex might have a calming effect .
Professor Brody said it made sense in evolutionary terms for standard heterosexual sexual intercourse to be associated with a wide range of positive effects on behaviour .
He said : " A growing body of research shows that it is specifically intercourse , and not other sexual behaviours , whether alone or with a partner , that is associated with a broad range of psychological and physiological benefits .
" And greater frequency of intercourse is associated with greater benefits . "
But Dr Peter Bull , a social and political psychologist at the University of York , said there were other ways to prepare for a speech that were more likely to reduce stress .
He said : " You are probably better off thinking about what you are going to say , and preparing thoroughly , rather than having sex the previous night . "
Created and built by Henry Lim , with the exception of the wire strings , the LEGO Harpsichord is entirely constructed out of LEGO parts -- the keyboard , jacks , jack rack , jack rail , plectra , soundboard , bridge , hitch pins , tuning pins , wrestplank , nut , case , legs , lid , lid stick , and music stand are all built out of interlocking LEGO plastic bricks and related pieces .
With a 61 note range , the instruments size is 6 x 3 ft. weighing approximately 150 lbs , and built with an estimated 100,000 LEGO pieces !
The strings exert approximately 325 lbs. of tension .
The important considerations during design were strength , efficiency , and durability .
Anticipating the tension of the strings , the instrument had to be built strong , yet be able to incorporate the functions and mechanisms on a lifesize scale .
With many moving parts , it also had to withstand the repeated demands of a keyboard instrument .
Several prototypes of the various sections were made .
After finalizing designs , Henry amassed the necessary LEGO parts .
The project took two years of theorizing , designing , collecting parts , building , testing , and rebuilding .
For more information about the LEGO Harpsichord and Henry Lim's other LEGO sculptures , visit his website at henrylim.org
A molecular computer that uses enzymes to perform calculations has been built by researchers in Israel .
Itamar Willner , who constructed the molecular calculator with colleagues at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Israel , believes enzyme - powered computers could eventually be implanted into the human body and used to , for example , tailor the release of drugs to a specific person ’s metabolism .
The team built their computer using two enzymes – glucose dehydrogenase ( GDH ) and horseradish peroxidase ( HRP ) – to trigger two interconnected chemical reactions .
Two chemical components – hydrogen peroxide and glucose – were used to represent input values ( A and B ) .
The presence of each chemical corresponded to a binary 1 , while the absence represented a binary 0 .
The chemical result of the enzyme - powered reaction was determined optically .
The enzyme computer was used to perform two fundamental logic computations known as AND ( where A and B must both equal one ) and XOR ( where A and B must have different values ) .
The addition of two further enzymes – glucose oxidase and catalase – connected the two logical operations , making it possible to add together binary digits using the logic functions .
Advertisement
Intelligent drug delivery
Enzymes are already widely used to assist calculations using specially encoded DNA .
These DNA computers have the potential to surpass the speed and power of existing silicon computers because they can perform many calculations in parallel and pack a vast number of components into a tiny space .
But Willner says his enzyme computer is not designed for speed – it can take several minutes to perform a calculation .
Rather , he envisages it eventually being incorporated into bio-sensing equipment and used , for example , to monitor and react to a patient ’s response to particular dosages of a drug .
“ This is basically a computer that could be integrated with the human body , ” Willner told New Scientist .
“ We feel you could implant an enzyme computer into the body and use it to calculate an entire metabolic pathway . ”
Martyn Amos from University of Exeter , UK , also sees great potential for such devices .
“ The development of fundamental devices such as counters is vital for the future success of bio- molecular computers , ” he told New Scientist .
“ If such counters could be engineered inside living cells , then we can imagine them playing a role in applications such as intelligent drug delivery , where a therapeutic agent is generated at the site of a problem , ” Amos says .
“ Counters would also offer a biological ‘ safety valve ’ , to prevent engineered cells proliferating in an uncontrolled fashion . ”
Journal reference : Angewandte Chemie International Edition ( vol 45 , p 1572 )
PR
「 （PHP で書かれたアプリケーションには）アバウトなコードが多い」。エレクトロニック・サービス・イニシアチブの大垣靖男社長は，2006年8月19日に開催されたPHP関連イベント「PHPカンファレンス2006」の講演「危険なコード」で，PHPで書かれたアプリケーションに存在する危険なコードを指摘した。講演の中では，実際に存在するアプリケーションの名前を出し，そのソースコードからセキュリティ上危険な個所を挙げていった。「安全なコードを書くには悪い例も知っておかなければならない」というのが同氏の主張である。
大垣氏はまず ， 「 セキュリティのリスクはサブシステムとの境界の部分で発生する」と指摘した。サブシステムとは，データベース，メール・システム，ユーザーのWebブラウザといった外部のシステムのこと。「境界で入力時にきちんとバリデーション，出力時にきちんとエスケープ処理（フィルタリング）を行えば，かなりのセキュリティ・ホールは防げる」（大垣氏）。
例として取り上げたアプリケーションは，オープンソース・ソフトウエアの配布に使われているSourceForge.netで，おおむねトップ30から50までの間にあるものから選んだという。「上位のアプリケーションを選ぶと，問題があるアプリケーションを探すのが大変かもしれない」（大垣氏）という理由からである。ソースコードはすべて8月13日時点でリリースされていたものを使用した。
ただし，大垣氏は 「 すべてのアプリケーションを実際に動作させたわけではない」と語る。また「正式な検証作業」でもないという。ソースコードの一部しか読んでおらず，また，すべてのぜい弱性の可能性を検証しているわけではないからだ。「危険なコード＝セキュリティ・ホール」ではない点にも注意が必要である。コードにぜい弱な部分があっても，その部分を攻撃できる経路がなければセキュリティ・ホールにはならない。この発表の目的はあくまで「危険なコーディングと安全なコーディングを知ること」である。加えて「よく使われているアプリケーションにも危険なものがある」ことを理解するという意味もある。「個人レベルで自己責任の範囲で使うならいいが，顧客のシステムでPHPアプリケーションを使う場合には，きちんとソースコードの中身を検証しなければまずいことがあるという点を理解してほしい」と同氏は強調した。
なお，この記事ではソフトの名称は匿名とする。大垣氏の発表の目的が特定のアプリケーションに対する揚げ足取りではないこと，名前の挙がったアプリケーションさえ使わなければ安全だという誤解が生じる可能性があること，Webの記事は不特定多数が見ることができるため問題を実際に悪用される危険性があること，といった理由からである。
大量に見つかっ たSQLインジェクションの問題
大垣氏が最初に取り上げたのは，あるイベントリ管理ソフトウエア。こうしたシステム管理者向けアプリケーションは，セキュリティ対策がずさんなことが比較的多いという。システム管理者が自分のために作っていることが多く，「データベースに対してフルアクセスできて当たり前」という感覚でコードを書いてしまうからだ。
まず，未検証のユーザー入力値をそのままクエリーとして実行している部分があった。実際には，安全に実行できるようエスケープ処理が必要だ。そうでなければSQLインジェクションができてしまう。他の例では，POSTのキーの要素名をクエリーに利用していた。入力値だけでなくキーの要素名も検証の必要がある。また，POSTの値をそのままWebブラウザに返している部分もあった。この場合は，JavaScriptのコードを埋め込むことで実行できてしまう。セッションIDをブラウザで表示している部分は，古いPHPだと危険だという。中には，POSTの値をクエリーに利用し，しかもその結果をブラウザに表示している部分もあった。
ま たPHPのコードを埋め込むために「<?」（ショートタグという）を利用していたのも問題だという。ショートタグはデフォルトでは有効だが，オンオフを切り替えられる。オフに設定していたサーバーでは，ソースコードが見えてしまうことになる。ショートタグではなく「<?PHP」というタグを使うのが鉄則だ。
大垣氏によると，このアプリケーションは「潔くSQLインジェクション対策は一つもしていなかった」という。「管理者が使うもので，一般に公開するべきものではないのでSQLインジェクションできてもいい」と考えたか，「全く気にしていない」かどちらかではないか，というのが同氏の見解である。
次に取り上げたのは，あるコンテンツ・マネジメント・システム。まず，index.phpでアプリケーションのホーム・ディレクトリを設定する部分に，環境変数によって設定されるCGI変数である「HTTP_HOST」を利用しているのが問題だという。HTTP_HOSTは（Webサーバーにもよるが）好き勝手な文字列を設定できてしまうためだ。「PHP_SELF」というサーバー変数を使っているのも問題。PHP_SELFにはPATH_INFOも含まれ，この部分に任意の文字列を入れることができる。JavaScriptのコードを入れることもできる。
タグを削除するstrip_tagsという関数の使い方も間違っていた。strip_tagsはタグは削除するがタグの中の属性は削除しない。このため，属性の部分にJavaScriptを埋め込むと実行できてしまう。「この例だとクロスサイト・スクリプティングがやり放題」（大垣氏）。
$ _REQUESTという配列を使っているのもよくないという。$_REQUESTはできれば使わないほうがいいもの。Cookieを利用したDoS攻撃が可能になる場合があったり，CSRF（クロス・サイト・リクエスト・フォージェリ）攻撃が簡単になったりするからだ。
また，ログイン機能の部分でPostgreSQLにアクセスする際に，str_replaceという関数で 「’ 」 と「￥」をエスケープしていた。「これはダメダメ」（大垣氏）。マルチバイト環境（特にシフトJIS）でこうした単純なエスケープをしてしまうと，SQLインジェクションが可能になるケースがあるからだ。データベースごとに専用のエスケープ関数が用意されているので，それを使うべきケースである。
ほかには ，Cookieの有効期限を365日に設定しているという問題もあった。「Cookieの有効期限は長くするほど危険性が増す。こんなに長いのは論外。数時間おきに新しいセッションIDを作るべき」と同氏は語る。Cookieにハッシュ値を入れるというセキュリティ的に意味がない部分もあったという。
アドレス帳アプリケーションも取り上げた。やはりSQLインジェクションのぜい弱性が見られた。また，「.inc」という拡張子を使っているファイルがあるのも問題だという。サーバーの設定によってはPHPとして実行されない可能性があるからだ。「拡張子は『.php』に統一すべき」（大垣氏）。ほかに，addslashes関数によるエスケープを行っているという問題もあった。これはstr_replaceによるエスケープと同様の問題があるという。
大垣氏はほかにも多くの例を用意していたが，結局，時間切れで全ては紹介しきれなかった。裏を返せば，ぜい弱なアプリケーションはそれだけ多いということだ。同氏は最後に「ぜい弱性が発生する原因とリスクを正しく理解することが一番大事」と語った。「こんな書き方がダメだ」という今回のプレゼンテーションだけを見て理解したつもりになってはだめだという。「原因と何が起こるかを理解していれば，安全なコードが書ける」というのが結論である。
RFID ' Powder ' - World 's Smallest RFID Tag
The world 's smallest and thinnest RFID tags were introduced yesterday by Hitachi .
Tiny miracles of miniaturization , these RFID chips ( Radio Frequency IDentification chips ) measure just 0.05 x 0.05 millimeters .
The previous record - holder , the Hitachi mu-chip , is just 0.4 x 0.4 millimeters .
Take a look at the size of the mu-chip RFID tag on a human fingertip .
Now , compare that with the new RFID tags .
The " powder type " tags are some sixty times smaller .
The new RFID chips have a 128 - bit ROM for storing a unique 38 digit number , like their predecessor .
Hitachi used semiconductor miniaturization technology and electron beams to write data on the chip substrates to achieve the new , smaller size .
Hitachi's mu-chips are already in production ; they were used to prevent ticket forgery at last year 's Aichi international technology exposition .
RFID ' powder , ' on the other hand , is so much smaller that it can easily be incorporated into thin paper , like that used in paper currency and gift certificates .
Science fiction fans will have a field day with this new technology .
In his 1998 novel Distraction , Bruce Sterling referred to bugged money :
They always played poker with European cash .
There was American cash around , flimsy plastic stuff , but most people would n't take American cash anymore .
It was hard to take American cash seriously when it was no longer convertible outside U.S. borders .
Besides , all the bigger bills were bugged .
( Read more about bugged money )
These tiny RFID tags could be worked into any product ; combined with RFID readers built into doorways , theft of consumer goods would be practically impossible .
It 's not clear from the references provided , but even if this chip needs an external antenna , the attached antenna would be a tiny ribbon of wire more narrow than a human hair and only a fraction of an inch long .
How far away could you be , and still read the information from this " powder RFID ? "
The source article is very thin ; however , the mu-chip mentioned earlier is readable from a distance of 25 centimeters ( about ten inches ) with an external antenna like the one mentioned in the preceding paragraph .
This does n't sound like much , but it 's certainly enough to read people going through doorways , for example .
These devices could also be used to identify and track people .
For example , suppose you participated in some sort of protest or other organized activity .
If police agencies sprinkled these tags around , every individual could be tracked and later identified at leisure , with powerful enough tag scanners .
To put it in the context of popular culture , see the picture below , which was taken from the 1996 movie Mission Impossible .
One of the IMF operatives places a tracking tag on the shoulder of a computer programmer .
Pretty clunky - looking tag ...
Take a look at these earlier stories related to RFID , and consider how much easier it will be with tinier chips : RFID Sensor Tag Shower For Disasters ( gentle rain of RFID ) , RFID - Maki : Easy Payment Sushi ( just tag the sushi directly , then scan customer 's stomach [ no joke , see digestible tags ] ) and VeriChip Chairman Proposes RFID Chips For Immigrants ( just dust the border ) .
Via Pink Tentacle .
Also , read more about the mu-chip .
Scroll down for more stories in the same category .
( Story submitted 2/14/2007 )
Follow this kind of news @ Technovelgy .
| Email | RSS | Blog It | Stumble | del.icio.us | Digg | Reddit |
Would you like to contribute a story tip ?
It 's easy :
Get the URL of the story , and the related sf author , and add it here .
Comment / Join discussion ( 30 )
Index of related articles :
Related News Stories - ( " Surveillance " )
' Alexa For Residential ' A Landlord 's Dream ( Tenant 's Nightmare ? )
'... unseen mechanical entities ... that are in our very midst .
One of them following each of us . '
- Philip K. Dick , 1960 .
Foiling Facial Recognition , Fighting Coaster Viruses , Harlan Ellison - Style
I have no mouth and I must scream .
Adversarial Pattern Shirts Confound Object Detection Systems
Ah , to be a vague blur !
A Passing Drone Has Covid - 19 Advice
' Gold dots against blue , basketball - sized , twelve feet up . '
Larry Niven , 1972 .
Web TechNovelgy.com
BAGHDAD , Dec. 19 — In a lengthy phone conversation on Tuesday , the former Iraqi electricity minister who escaped from a Baghdad jail on Sunday ridiculed American and Iraqi officials and said he fled because he did not trust the police and had received a tip that he would be assassinated within days .
The official , Aiham Alsammarae , who telephoned this reporter , said , without offering proof , that he was already outside Iraq after finagling his way aboard a flight at the Baghdad International Airport .
Incredulous Iraqi security and justice officials disputed parts of his account , saying that a figure as recognizable as Mr. Alsammarae could not possibly have slipped onto a flight when he was the subject of a manhunt .
Mr. Alsammarae , who holds dual American and Iraqi citizenship , scoffed at those assertions and said they were made by officials who spent too much time inside the protected Green Zone in central Baghdad and did not understand how the country really worked .
Anne Marie Kilday and Mónica Guzmán , Houston Chronicle , October 30 , 2005
Three hurricane evacuees were charged with capital murder Saturday in the strangulation of Betty Blair , a 77 - year - old church leader , mother of three daughters and the widow of former Pasadena school board President Robert “ Bob ” Blair .
Jimmy Hoang Le , 18 , Stephanie Jacobo , 18 , both from the Beaumont area , and Roosevelt Smith Jr. , 43 , of Louisiana , were charged with murdering Blair during a robbery at her Pasadena home Friday .
An active member of St. Pius V Catholic Church , Blair had been helping the three by paying them to do odd jobs and yard work on her property .
“ It appears that those that she tried to help were the ones that murdered her , ” said Pasadena Police Department spokesman Vance Mitchell .
The three lived together in an apartment in the 900 block of Randall in Pasadena , Mitchell said .
They were arrested Friday night at the toll booth at Beltway 8 and Westheimer , driving Blair ’s tan 2000 Buick , in which some of her belongings were found .
Jacobo ’s 10 - month - old son also was in the car , and is now with “ appropriate relatives , ” said Gwen Carter , a spokeswoman for the Department of Family and Protective Services .
{snip}
The three suspects were the second group of evacuees Blair had helped after Hurricane Katrina , said her neighbor and fellow parishioner Mary Titus .
Since the death of her husband — who served on the Pasadena Independent School District board for 12 years — in the spring , Blair had become “ even more involved ” in church activities , Titus said .
{snip}
Kealy said that Blair was very involved in the parish ’s Social Services Ministry , which had “ really geared up ” after Hurricane Katrina struck the Gulf Coast and Hurricane Rita hit East Texas .
That parish office offers a food pantry and small amounts of cash to people who are down on their luck , or who have been through disasters .
After Hurricane Katrina , there were 32 children from the Louisiana area enrolled in St. Pius V ’s grade school .
That number has dropped to 11 children who are likely to remain in the Pasadena area , Kealy said .
The priest said someone had asked him whether the parish office ’s doors will remain open to those in need .
“ Come Monday , ” he said , “ I am sure we will be . ”
GIMPS Discovers 43rd Mersenne Prime ,
230,402,457-1 is now the Largest Known Prime .
ORLANDO , Florida , December 24 , 2005 — A collaborative effort at Central Missouri State University ( CMSU ) , led by professors Curtis Cooper and Steven Boone , has discovered the largest known prime number as part of the volunteer Great Internet Mersenne Prime Search ( GIMPS ) project .
It is an achievement that also fuels researchers ' hopes around the globe that a $ 100,000 prize is within reach .
The CMSU faculty used idle time on 700 campus lab PCs and free software from www.mersenne.org as part of a world - wide computing grid of tens of thousands of computers working together to make this discovery .
The software was developed by GIMPS founder , George Woltman , in Orlando , Florida , and grid computing pioneer Scott Kurowski , in San Diego , California .
The new prime number , known as M30402457 , surfaced December 15th on one computer in the Department of Communication lab after running on and off for about 50 days .
Dr. Cooper and Dr. Boone have joined together with 21,000 other researchers worldwide participating in GIMPS .
In addition to pursuing new prime number discoveries , these individuals also have an opportunity to compete for a cash award offered by the Electronic Frontier Foundation for discovery of the first 10 million digit prime number .
If GIMPS claims the $ 100,000 award , of which $ 25,000 will go to charity , a large portion will be given to the GIMPS participant that discovers the prime number .
CMSU 's research team has come the closest to claiming the award with this discovery of M30402457 , or 2 to the 30,402,457th power minus 1 , which is a 9,152,052 digit number .
It is the largest known prime number , eclipsing GIMPS last discovery of a 7,816,230 digit prime in February 2005 .
The new prime was independently verified in 5 days by Tony Reix of Bull S.A. in Grenoble , France using 16 Itanium2 1.5 GHz CPUs of a Bull NovaScale 6160 HPC at Bull Grenoble Research Center , running the Glucas program by Guillermo Ballester Valor of Granada , Spain .
A second verification was done by Jeff Gilchrist of Elytra Enterprises Inc. in Ottawa , Canada using fourteen days of time on 14 CPUs of a Compaq Alpha GS160 1.2 GHz CPU server at SHARCNET .
The new prime is the 43rd discovery in a special class of rare prime numbers known as Mersenne primes , named for French monk Marin Mersenne , who studied these numbers more than 350 years ago .
George Woltman , who started GIMPS in 1996 , said Mersenne primes today are important primarily to number theorists .
He added , however , most GIMPS participants study them for the fun of having a role in pure mathematical research and the chance of finding a new Mersenne prime .
" While we think we understand the frequency and distribution of Mersenne primes , it has not been proven .
Finds such as this one give us ' another piece of the puzzle ' in confirming our theories , " Woltman said .
He noted that in the past Mersenne prime searches have led to important advances in Fast Fourier Transforms ( used in countless applications ) as well as discovering computer hardware problems via rigorous stress testing .
" The research project also promotes interest in math by capturing the imagination of younger participants , " Woltman said .
The 700 campus computers are part of an international grid called PrimeNet , consisting of 70,000 networked computers in virtually every time zone of the world .
PrimeNet organizes the parallel number crunching to create a virtual supercomputer running 24x7 at 18 trillion calculations per second , or " teraflops " .
This greatly accelerates the search .
This prime , found in just 10 months , would have taken 4,500 years on a single PC .
Kurowski said , " GIMPS is an amazing project and CMSU 's team exemplifies the dedication to international cooperative computing demonstrated by all of GIMPS ' participants . "
" We 've worked with Information Services to make sure we are not compromising the campus computing infrastructure , " said Dr. Cooper , who got interested in this project over 7 years ago with colleague Vince Edmondson .
Edmondson , professor of mathematics , was instrumental in the campus effort until he passed away in 2003 .
" We owe a lot to all of the people on campus who have helped with this project , " Dr. Boone added .
The discovery is the ninth record prime found by the GIMPS project .
In recognition of every GIMPS participant 's contribution , credit for this prime will go to " C. Cooper , S. Boone , G. Woltman , S. Kurowski , et al " .
Dr. Richard Crandall , who discovered the advanced transform algorithm used by the GIMPS program , offers a framed or unframed poster with all 9.1 million digits displayed in an extremely small font — optional magnifying glass sold separately !
About Mersenne.org 's Great Internet Mersenne Prime Search
The Great Internet Mersenne Prime Search ( GIMPS ) was formed in January 1996 by George Woltman to discover new world - record - size Mersenne primes .
GIMPS harnesses the power of tens of thousands of ordinary computers to search for these " needles in a haystack " .
Most GIMPS members join the search for the thrill of possibly discovering a record - setting , rare , and historic new Mersenne prime .
The search for more Mersenne primes is already under way .
There may be smaller , as yet undiscovered Mersenne primes , and there certainly are larger Mersenne primes waiting to be found .
Anyone with a reasonably powerful PC can join GIMPS and become a big prime hunter .
All the necessary software can be downloaded for free at https://www.mersenne.org/.
GIMPS is based in Orlando , Florida .
Additional information may be found at http://www.mersenneforum.org/.
For More Information on Mersenne Primes
Prime numbers have long fascinated amateur and professional mathematicians .
An integer greater than one is called a prime number if its only divisors are one and itself .
The first prime numbers are 2 , 3 , 5 , 7 , 11 , etc .
For example , the number 10 is not prime because it is divisible by 2 and 5 .
A Mersenne prime is a prime number of the form 2 p - 1 .
The first Mersenne primes are 3 , 7 , 31 , and 127 corresponding to P = 2 , 3 , 5 , and 7 respectively .
There are only 43 known Mersenne primes .
Mersenne primes have been central to number theory since they were first discussed by Euclid in 350 BC .
The man whose name they now bear , the French monk Marin Mersenne ( 1588 - 1648 ) , made a famous conjecture on which values of p would yield a prime .
It took 300 years and several important discoveries in mathematics to settle his conjecture .
Previous GIMPS
Mersenne prime discoveries were made by members in various countries .
In February 2005 , Dr. Martin Nowak discovered the previous largest known prime number in Germany .
In May 2004 , Josh Findley discovered the 41st Mersenne prime in the United States .
In November 2003 , Michael Shafer discovered the 40th Mersenne prime in the United States .
In November 2001 , Michael Cameron discovered the 39th Mersenne prime in Canada .
In June 1999 , Nayan Hajratwala discovered the 38th Mersenne prime in the United States .
In January 1998 , Roland Clarkson discovered the 37th Mersenne prime in the United States .
In August 1997 , Gordon Spence discovered the 36th Mersenne prime in the United Kingdom .
In November 1996 , Joel Armengaud discovered the 35th Mersenne prime in France .
There is a well - known formula that generates a " perfect " number from a Mersenne prime .
A perfect number is one whose factors add up to the number itself .
The smallest perfect number is 6 = 1 + 2 + 3 . The newly discovered perfect number is 230,402,456 * ( 230,402,457-1 ) .
This number is 18,304,103 digits long !
There is a unique history to the arithmetic algorithms underlying the GIMPS project .
The programs that found the recent big Mersenne finds are based on a special algorithm .
In the early 1990's , Richard Crandall , Apple Distinguished Scientist , discovered ways to double the speed of what are called convolutions — essentially big multiplication operations .
The method is applicable not only to prime searching but other aspects of computation .
During that work he also patented the Fast Elliptic Encryption system , now owned by Apple Computer , which uses Mersenne primes to quickly encrypt and decrypt messages .
George Woltman implemented Crandall 's algorithm in assembly language , thereby producing a prime - search program of unprecedented efficiency , and that work led to the successful GIMPS project .
School teachers from elementary through high - school grades have used GIMPS to get their students excited about mathematics .
Students who run the free software are contributing to mathematical research .
Historically , searching for Mersenne primes has been used as a test for computer hardware .
The free GIMPS program used by CMSU has identified hidden hardware problems in many PCs .
WHEN Murray Straus was raising his children in the 1950s and ‘ 60s , spanking was de rigueur in the American household .
The Straus residence was no exception , with the father of two occasionally reacting to their misbehavior with a swat to the bottom .
But times have changed , and so has Straus ’ perception of spanking .
“ If I knew then what I know now , I would not have spanked them at all , ” he says .
“ My research has convinced me that there should be no hitting -- never , under any circumstances . ”
Straus , co-director of the Family Research Laboratory at the University of New Hampshire , has long advocated doing away with spanking .
And many psychologists and pediatricians also now say that parents should never strike a child .
Assemblywoman Sally Lieber ( D - Mountain View ) has even promised to introduce a bill in the California Legislature that would make it illegal to hit those younger than 4 .
Advertisement
Frequent and impulsive spanking is clearly detrimental , researchers agree .
Other kinds of physical punishment , including hitting children with objects , are harmful as well .
“ Corporal punishment has really serious side effects , ” says Alan Kazdin , a professor of psychology at Yale University and president - elect of the American Psychological Assn .
“ Children who are hit become more aggressive . ”
Yet the mildest forms of spanking have not been proved harmful .
“ A family that hits once in a while ?
The research is equivocal about that , ” Kazdin says .
What the research does show is that spanking is generally no more effective than nonphysical disciplinary techniques in instilling acceptable behavior , that its effects vary from culture to culture and that a greater frequency of spanking increases the risk of negative consequences .
Although some researchers say it can play an occasional role in supporting more lenient forms of discipline , Kazdin argues that spanking should be avoided even if it is harmless .
Advertisement
“ It suppresses [ misbehavior ] momentarily .
But you have n’t really changed its probability of occurring , ” Kazdin says .
“ Physical punishment is not needed to change behavior .
It ’s just not needed . ”
Reasons not to spank
Spanking can escalate toward physical abuse , potentially injuring the child , and can contribute to later emotional and behavioral problems , according to the American Academy of Pediatrics .
It ’s also less effective than alternative disciplinary tactics , and it ’s a hard habit to break , the organization says .
Studies have shown that people who were spanked as kids tend to spank as parents , perpetuating the cycle .
During the last decade , a raft of studies showed that kids who get spanked are more likely than their peers to display behavioral and emotional problems later in life .
The more frequently they ’re spanked , the more harmful the consequences tend to be .
Advertisement
In a 1997 study in the Archives of Pediatric and Adolescent Medicine , for example , Straus and two colleagues found that 6 - to 9 - year - olds whose mothers spanked them at least weekly were more likely , two years later , to behave antisocially than were kids whose moms did n’t spank .
The researchers interviewed more than 800 mothers and asked how often their kids did antisocial things such as cheat , lie , bully , deliberately break objects or act disobediently at school .
Taking into account the degree of antisocial behavior that each mother said her child displayed at the beginning of the study , Straus ’ team concluded that spanking probably contributed to increases in bad behavior seen during the study .
Nevertheless , Straus notes , a “ lucky majority ” of kids who get spanked suffer no discernible harm .
Another 1997 study also linked spanking to subsequent antisocial behavior , and it additionally found that children who were spanked at the beginning of the five - year study were more likely to be getting into fights at school by the end of the study .
( An exception was African American kids , who were less likely to fight if they ’d been spanked than if they had n’t .
More on that in a bit . )
Advertisement
Since then , other studies that have tracked kids over time have linked corporal punishment to higher rates of children later assaulting their parents and higher rates of boys assaulting their girlfriends years after they themselves were smacked .
Spanking “ gives the message that force is a justifiable method of solving conflicts , ” says Daphne Bugental , a psychologist at UC Santa Barbara .
“ The child is learning a lesson : If you run into a conflict , use power , use force . ”
Adds Shari Barkin , a pediatrician at the Children ’s Hospital at Vanderbilt in Nashville : “ It teaches children that when you ’re angry , you should hit people . ”
Spanking also appears to have a detrimental effect on the brain .
In 1999 , Straus found after a two - year study that 2 - to 9 - year - olds who were spanked developed less rapidly , judging from cognitive tests , than other children .
In a 2003 study , Bugental and her colleagues delved deeper , examining the effect of corporal punishment on brain chemistry in infants younger than 1 .
Advertisement
Those who were spanked frequently , they found , showed exaggerated spikes in the stress hormone cortisol when they were subjected to a novel situation , such as being in the presence of a stranger after their mother had left the room .
“ They were very easily frightened , ” Bugental says .
“ They tend to be more afraid of things generally . ”
By contrast , she says , “ in the children who had not been spanked , there was hardly a blip ” in cortisol .
Researchers have n’t yet determined whether spanking has similar hormonal effects on older kids .
Cortisol imbalances could potentially lead to impaired coping abilities , social and emotional problems and cognitive deficits , Bugental says .
Advertisement
In support of spanking
Spanking has its supporters , of course .
A couple of swats to a child ’s behind has a well - deserved place in discipline when milder tactics fail , says Robert Larzelere , an Oklahoma State University psychologist who has been researching corporal punishment for more than a quarter of a century .
Larzelere describes that circumscribed use of corporal punishment as “ conditional spanking . ”
“ It ’s better , wherever possible , to offer verbal correction and explanation , ” he says .
“ But then back that up , first with nonphysical consequences , and then , if the child acts defiantly , with conditional spanking . ”
For example , he says , if a child refuses to sit in a chair during a timeout , then a light spanking would emphasize the need to cooperate with that form of discipline .
Advertisement
“ If it ’s used as a backup for the timeout , then the next time , the child is more likely to cooperate with the timeout procedure , ” Larzelere says .
Parents “ can then phase out the spanking .
“ I think it ’s a minority of spanking that fits this conditional definition , ” he adds .
“ For [ all ] the usual ways that parents use spanking -- combining the good , the bad and the ugly -- its outcomes are neither better nor worse than any alternative . ”
The effects of spanking may depend not only on how and when it ’s meted out but also on the cultural context .
In a study published in Child Development in 2005 , researchers at Duke University interviewed 336 pairs of mothers and children in six countries in Asia , Africa and Europe about discipline and behavior .
They found that physical discipline seemed to have a stronger negative effect on children in countries where it was not the norm than in countries where it was practiced widely .
Several other studies , including the 1997 one that found differences between African Americans and whites , suggest that cultural differences also influence the effect of spanking in the U.S .
Advertisement
“ Spanking may be detrimental in some families but not in others , ” says Eric Slade , a social scientist at the University of Maryland School of Medicine .
In 2004 , he and Lawrence Wissow , a pediatric and adolescent psychiatrist at Johns Hopkins University , found that white children who were spanked before the age of 2 were twice as likely as other white kids to have behavioral problems in school .
But spanking did n’t appear to lead to misbehavior in African American or Hispanic children , the researchers reported in the journal Pediatrics .
“ In minority cultural contexts , spanking could be more the norm and consequently less commonly perceived [ by the child ] as being harsh or unfair , ” Slade says .
As long as spanking is n’t perceived as unfair , he adds , “ it could have a positive and constructive effect ... and establish what the limits are on misbehavior . ”
Too often , researchers lump all kinds of spanking or even all forms of corporal punishment together , Larzelere says .
Whenever an analysis links “ spanking ” to detrimental effects , he says , “ conclusions are inappropriately made about even the mildest form of spanking . ”
Advertisement
But because researchers harbor ethical reservations about asking or even knowingly permitting parents to spank their children , few experiments have been conducted in which parents were given explicit instructions about how to use spanking to maintain discipline .
“ There will never be the gold - standard study , ” says Michael Regalado , a developmental - behavioral pediatrician at Cedars - Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles .
And researchers disagree in their interpretations of the few such experimental studies to date , which clinical psychologist Mark Roberts and his colleagues at Idaho State University conducted during the 1980s .
In dealing with a few dozen rebellious children ages 2 to 6 -- whose out - of - control behavior had driven their parents to seek professional assistance -- the researchers asked some parents to spank kids who refused to stay on a timeout chair and taught others to briefly confine noncompliant children to their rooms .
In several such experiments , each approach worked about as well as the other , and both worked better than alternatives such as physically restraining the child in the chair .
Advertisement
Although spanking increased compliance with timeouts in those experiments , Roberts adds , it was accompanied by more crying .
“ Since spanking demonstrates aggressive behavior to children , I recommend sending children to their rooms instead of spanking them , ” Roberts says .
Straus infers : “ It did n’t work any better , and it had an emotional cost . ”
Larzelere offers the opposite perspective .
Spanking , he says , was one of the “ best ways to enforce cooperation with the timeout .
Even these very difficult children learned to cooperate . ”
Advertisement
Decline in popularity
Even without a law in effect , the popularity of spanking has fallen considerably in recent decades , at least among parents of school - age children .
“ In 1975 , we found that two - thirds of parents were hitting 13 - year - olds ” at least once a year , says Straus , who along with his colleagues has conducted a series of parent surveys .
By 1995 , that fraction had fallen to one - third .
Moreover , in 1999 , 52 % of parents believed corporal punishment is sometimes necessary , compared with 94 % in 1968 .
Last month , in Clinical Pediatrics , Vanderbilt ’s Barkin published survey results detailing about 2,100 parents ’ disciplinary practices with 2 - to 11 - year - olds .
Parents today , she found , more often reported using enforced timeouts or removing kids ’ privileges than they did spanking .
Advertisement
However , Straus says the prevalence of spanking among 2 - to 4 - year - olds has remained basically unchanged .
As of 1995 , 94 % of them had been spanked at least once in their lives , according to surveyed parents .
Children in that age range and younger would be covered by the proposed California ban .
But even opponents of spanking have reservations about the proposed bill .
Criminalizing spanking could make it more difficult to root out corporal punishment , they say , because the threat of the law could dissuade parents from seeking help to change their disciplinary habits .
“ It may drive [ spanking ] underground , and it definitely wo n’t address the issues that parents need addressed to avoid spanking , ” Regalado says .
“ The bill should be framed to help parents who ’d like help with their discipline practices . ”
Parent training programs were expanded in Sweden after that country banned corporal punishment in 1979 , and in some other European countries that followed Sweden ’s lead .
“ I ’d like to see legislation in California and everywhere modeled on Sweden ’s , ” Straus says .
Advertisement
“ I ’m not in favor of a law with criminal penalties , ” he says .
The proposed California law “ would do the very thing it wants parents not to do -- use harsh punishment to correct misbehavior . ”
As for maintaining discipline among Straus ’ progeny , no law is needed .
His past use of spanking has n’t left his grown children with any apparent psychological wounds , he says , and neither of them spanks their own children .
“ They are among the lucky ones who have escaped the harmful effects , ” he says .
“ If you do it rarely , the probability of harmful side effects is low , ” he says .
But , he contends , the possibility of harm from spanking “ is never absent .
Since other methods of correction and control work just as well , why put that child through even that small risk ? ”
*
Advertisement
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Verbal attacks can be more hurtful than physical ones
Most experts warn parents against not only spanking but also yelling at or disparaging children .
Although targeted verbal reprimands may be effective in immediately halting or reducing undesirable behaviors , frequent and indiscriminate reprimands become ineffective and reinforce undesired behavior , they say .
Attacking a child ’s character is particularly counterproductive .
Advertisement
Research on the subject is limited compared with that on corporal punishment , Robert Larzelere of Oklahoma State says , but verbal hostility may actually lead to more detrimental consequences for the child than does even physical abuse .
A study seven years ago on post - traumatic stress disorder found that victims tended to have childhood memories of being often put down or ridiculed .
As potentially harmful influences go , such verbal attacks ranked roughly on par with memories of being pushed and shoved , although lower than a history of sex abuse .
In an earlier study of more than 3,000 parents and their children younger than 18 , Murray Straus of the University of New Hampshire and his collaborators linked both verbal and physical aggression by parents to aggressive behavior , delinquency and interpersonal problems in the kids .
The psychological abuse , in fact , was the more harmful of the two .
The only difference , Straus says , is that verbally attacked kids tend to lash out at others with words , while kids subjected to corporal punishment use physical hostility .
Those connections applied to both boys and girls , regardless of age .
Advertisement
Researchers led by Michael Regalado of Cedars - Sinai Medical Center in L.A. found in a 2004 analysis of survey data that 67 % of some 2,000 parents reported yelling “ sometimes ” or “ often ” at children age 19 to 35 months .
An additional 24 % admitted to yelling at least “ rarely . ”
Only 26 % of the parents said they spanked kids sometimes or often .
“ More than a third of families feel like they ’re ineffective with discipline tactics , ” says Vanderbilt pediatrician Shari Barkin .
Yelling , like spanking , is often a symptom of the resulting frustration , she says .
“ The yellers , they ’re the ones who feel most ineffective .
They lost control . ”
-- Ben Harder
No one will be permitted to board an aircraft or a marine vessel leaving or bound for the United States until cleared by the US Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) Bureau of Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) , under proposed regulations .
Under current regs , the US requires airlines to transmit their manifests no later than fifteen minutes after a plane is in the air , wheels up .
This , according to DHS , allows known terrorists to board , then hijack or blow up , commercial planes during the deadly window of opportunity provided between boarding time and when the aircraft is finally diverted or shot down by fighter planes scrambled to " escort " it .
However , if the manifests were to be transmitted before the planes leave the gate , DHS would have time to ensure that " high - risk passengers " are prevented from boarding in the first place , with a subsequent reduction in the number of commercial aircraft needing to be blown out of the skies by their military escorts .
Other benefits would include fewer diverted flights , with fewer holidays spoiled and business appointments postponed .
Which all sounds quite reasonable .
For DHS , it 's a public relations dream come true .
No longer will their crummy databases with their prolific false positives create entire planeloads of hateful citizens at each go .
Now , only one poor bugger in a turban at a time is going to be inconvenienced for no good reason .
When handled individually before boarding , " selectees " can easily be detained , intimidated , humiliated , cavity - searched , and then released as soon as DHS realises its error , without other passengers , and most importantly , the press , taking notice .
Using its Advance Passenger Information System ( APIS ) , DHS has the ability to screen an entire manifest within one hour , or to screen individuals within fifteen minutes of boarding .
Airlines will be given a choice between transmitting an entire manifest under the one - hour rule , or transmitting the required " biographical information " on each passenger in real time under an optional fifteen - minute rule .
" Under both options , the carrier will not permit the boarding of a passenger unless the passenger has been cleared by CBP , " the Department explains .
Naturally , at a major airport launching planes every minute or so , there 's not going to be time enough to check each passenger 's identity carefully .
The passport will be read or scanned electronically , and if the name under which it 's issued does n't ring any bells , and the picture matches the bearer , it wo n't be challenged .
Indeed , DHS already permits passengers to supply their own APIS information well in advance of travelling , conveniently via the Internet .
During a recent international flight - prior to which I had registered with DHS online - I noticed that no attempt was made to verify my identity .
I had a pre-printed boarding pass , and when I arrived at the security checkpoint , a uniformed TSA guard merely glanced at my boarding pass and passport , verified that the names matched , and observed that my face matched the passport photo .
It took about two seconds .
If I had been a terrorist , I 'd have needed only two easily - acquired items : a credit card under a clean alias with which to buy the tickets and obtain a boarding pass , and a passport under the same alias with which to register with APIS and later to scam the TSA guard .
From a security point of view , the new APIS regulation is just another useless counterterrorist rain dance .
But from a civil - liberties point of view , there are some curious implications .
According to a public comment submitted to DHS by the Identity Project , World Privacy Forum , and ( who else ? )
John Gilmore , we have here a dramatic escalation in travel restrictions .
But that is n't so .
DHS is essentially admitting , without embarrassment , that it is the arbiter of who can travel .
This has been the case for some time , since APIS compliance became an obsession in the wake of 9/11 .
DHS has been diverting flights at will , and removing ( usually innocent ) " undesirables " .
What 's new here is merely the language : all passengers must be " cleared " in advance by the Department .
In a practical sense , this has been going on for years , only it 's been buried under steaming piles of counterterrorist rhetoric .
DHS is finally admitting the plain truth : every one of us is on a no - fly list .
We are all unfit to travel , until some government clerk verifies that our names do n't match his sloppy list of suspected evildoers .
Even US citizens cannot enter or leave the USA until they are approved - until they 've passed the database test .
The North Korean government has the same basic arrangement , only they do n't try to hide it .
It 's about time Uncle Sam came clean about his own travel approval process .
And now , finally , he has . ®
By Lee Carter
BBC News , Ottawa
The H5N1 bird flu virus has killed more than 60 people in Asia
They recommended that more resources should be put into developing a vaccine to protect people against bird flu .
They also agreed to increase surveillance of outbreaks across national boundaries .
Discussions are also beginning on ways to increase production of anti-viral drugs and any future vaccine .
Few expected the health ministers , attending what amounted to a one - day conference , to have all the answers by the end of it .
There was not even consensus that an influenza pandemic is inevitable , even though most microbiologists say one is .
H5N1 BIRD FLU VIRUS
Principally an avian disease , first seen in humans in Hong Kong in 1997 Almost all human cases thought to be contracted from birds Possible cases of human - to - human transmission in Hong Kong , Thailand and Vietnam , but none confirmed
Q&A : Bird flu
Bird flu jab shows promise Impact on birds and humans
In fact , after the sense of urgency that seemed to drive the start of the conference , the message at the end from the US and others was not to panic and to remind the public that a pandemic still has not occurred .
US Secretary of Health Michael Leavitt said politicians had to find a balance between informing and inflaming .
Some countries , including the hosts of the meeting , Canada , had supported a Mexican proposal to increase manufacturing capacity both for anti-viral drugs and any future vaccine .
This would be achieved by transferring manufacturing to countries such as Mexico , Brazil or India , where production could be increased while costs could be kept down .
Mr Leavitt described the proposal as reasonable but it is clear that many of these complex issues are going to need more discussion before concrete decisions are made .
The next opportunity to do that will be at a World Health Organization meeting to be held in Geneva in November .
I browse the SDMB at work .
I know I should n’t , but I do .
Normally I can be fairly discreet about it .
But when people post huge , or even worse , huge RED words on the screen like this it kind of draws attention to my nefarious time - wasting activities .
So please cut it out .
Molto grazie .
In 1938 , the year of Anschluss and Munich , a perceptive British Catholic looked beyond the continent over which war clouds hung and saw another cloud forming .
“ It has always seemed to me probable , ” wrote Hilaire Belloc , “ that there would be a resurrection of Islam and that our sons or our grandsons would see the renewal of that tremendous struggle between the Christian culture and what has been for more than a thousand years its greatest opponent . ”
Belloc was prophetic .
Even as Christianity seems to be dying in Europe , Islam is rising to shake the 21st century as it did so many previous centuries .
Indeed , as one watches U.S. armed forces struggle against Sunni insurgents , Shia militias , and jihadists in Iraq , and a resurgent Taliban , all invoking Allah , Victor Hugo ’s words return to mind :
No army is so powerful as an idea whose time has come .
The idea for which our many of our adversaries fight is a compelling one .
They believe there is but one God , Allah ; that Muhammad is his prophet ; that Islam , or submission to the Koran , is the only path to paradise ; and that a Godly society should be governed according to the Shariah , the law of Islam .
Having tried other ways and failed , they are coming home to Islam .
What idea do we have to offer ?
Americans believe that freedom comports with human dignity , that only a democratic and free - market system can ensure the good life for all , as it has done in the West and is doing in Asia .
From Ataturk on , millions of Islamic peoples have embraced this Western alternative .
But today , tens of millions of Muslims appear to be rejecting it , returning to their roots in a more pure Islam .
Indeed , the endurance of the Islamic faith is astonishing .
Islam survived two centuries of defeats and humiliations of the Ottoman Empire and Ataturk ’s abolition of the caliphate .
It endured generations of Western rule .
It outlasted the pro-Western monarchs in Egypt , Iraq , Libya , Ethiopia and Iran .
Islam easily fended off communism , survived the rout of Nasserism in 1967 , and has proven more enduring than the nationalism of Arafat or Saddam .
Now , it is resisting the world ’s last superpower .
What occasioned this column was a jolting report in the June 20 Washington Times , by James Brandon , alerting us to a new front .
“ Arrests Spark Fear of Armed Islamist Takeover ” headlined the story about the arrest , since May , of 500 militants who had allegedly plotted the overthrow of the king of Morocco and establishment of an Islamic state that would sever all ties to the infidel
West  to end the poverty and corruption they blame on the West .
The arrests raised fears that al - Adl wa al - Ihsane , or Justice and Charity , was preparing to take up arms to fulfill the predictions of the group ’s mystics that the monarchy would fall in 2006 .
Though illegal , al - Adl wa al - Ihsane is Morocco ’s largest Islamic movement , which boycotts elections , but has hundreds of thousands of followers and has taken over the universities and is radicalizing the young .
Its founder is Sheik Abdessalam Yassine , who has declared its purpose is to reunite mosque and state : “ Politics and spirituality have been kept apart by the Arab elites .
And we have been able to reconnect these two aspects of Islam  and that is why people fear us . ”
And , one might add , why people embrace them .
If Morocco is now in play in the struggle between militant Islam and the West , how looks the correlation of forces in June 2006 ?
Islamists are taking over in Somalia .
They are in power in Sudan .
The Muslim Brotherhood won 60 percent of the races it contested in Egypt .
Hezbollah swept the board in southern Lebanon .
Hamas seized power from Fatah on the West Bank and Gaza .
The Shia parties who hearken to Ayatollah Sistani brushed aside our favorites , Chalabi and Iyad Allawi , in the Iraqi elections .
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is the most admired Iranian leader since Khomeini .
In Afghanistan , the Taliban is staging a comeback .
This has all happened in the last year .
And where are we winning ?
What is the appeal of militant Islam ?
It is , first , its message :
As all else has failed us , why not live the faith and law God gave us ?
Second , it is the Muslim rage at the present condition where pro-Western regimes are seen as corruptly enriching themselves , while the poor suffer .
Third , it is a vast U.S. presence that Islamic peoples are taught is designed to steal their God - given resources and assist the Israelis in humiliating them and persecuting the Palestinians .
Lastly , Islamic militants are gaining credibility because they show a willingness to share the poverty of the poor and fight the Americans .
What America needs to understand is something unusual for us : From Morocco to Pakistan , we are no longer seen by the majority as the good guys .
If Islamic rule is an idea taking hold among the Islamic masses , how does even the best army on earth stop it ?
Do we not need a new policy ?
If you are completely guilty and are sued , but do not have the money to pay , what are your options ?
One option is to defend yourself , relying on the affirmative defenses .
If you can find a pro bono lawyer , great .
If not , go in to the pro se clerk at the courthouse and ask for a jury trial .
Another option , if it 's acceptable to you , is to default .
They will usually get a default judgment against you for the exhibit A list ( the songs they downloaded ) x $ 750 plus court costs .
What 's the biggest mistake you 've seen people make historically in cases where they 're charged by the RIAA ?
It 's hard to generalize about that , because each person 's facts , each person 's personality , each person 's intellect and ability , are different .
Generally , there is no real good way to handle these cases , so anything anyone does is a mistake , in that sense .
But in another sense , there are no mistakes , because there is no right answer .
What should we do to prevent needing your services ?
Another way of putting this is , how do we avoid getting sued by the RIAA ?
All of the cases that I have seen stem from people who are using a Fast Track sharing program such as Kazaa , Imesh , Gnutella , LimeWire , etc. , having a shared files folder with copyrighted songs in it , even if the song files were obtained legally .
So even making sure to pay for all of your downloads would n't protect you from a lawsuit .
The only way I know to avoid the present litigation wave is to avoid having shared files of copyrighted songs .
Do you see the current situation as a systemic problem in the current torts system ?
Specifically , do you think we need legislative intervention to correct the " money bias " in our legal system ?
I mean , there does n't seem to be much of a way to fight an RIAA lawsuit money - wise .
It always seems to end quickly : Either the defendant ist so obviously innocent they drop the case or he / she settles for " pennies on the dollar " .
When do you think we 'll see a few definite trials to answer the hanging legal questions about investigative tactics and what an IP proves ?
I think some good rulings by the judges would shut the whole thing down , so no I do n't think it 's necessary to revise the statutes .
I do think it 's important for our society to get behind the defendants financially , because if they do n't there are going to be a lot of wacky rulings by judges which are going to dismember the internet as we know it .
You guys are lawyers AND like to help people ?
What 's it like on your home planet ;) ?
Lawyers are just like any other people .
There are good people and bad people .
The people who come out the strongest against ' trial lawyers ' are the big corporations ' PR departments .
They want the ' common folk ' to think ill of lawyers , because the law -- as imperfect as it is -- is the only equalizer left .
And it 's being eroded rapidly .
And people dissing lawyers all the time helps that process .
What 's the position of Americans who buy from legal offshore music sites , such as allofmp3 [ allofmp3.com ] ?.
Is this safer than downloading " free " ?
I do n't know what you 're talking about .
The litigation wave is worldwide .
The RIAA is n't American .
3 of the 4 members of the cartel are " offshore corporations " .
There are different versions of the RIAA everywhere .
In France , and certain other places , they bring CRIMINAL cases , not civil ones .
Over the years I have attempted to educate some of the ' younger ' generation about the do-s and do n't -s of music copying and sharing .
The following questions have come up out of real experiences and I have never had anyone provide a reasonable ( justifiable ) answer .
1 .
If I purchase a CD and it is subsequently stolen ( along with my 5 disc changer * @$ # !! ) do I retain any rights to listen to that music ?. a .
Are the .mp3 files of that CD on my computer legal or do they now belong to the thief too ?. b.
Can I re-burn a CD from the .mp3s and is that legal ?. c.
Does me having a backup copy of the files on my computer mean I can't make an insurance claim ?. d.
What if it is destroyed ( for example by a fire ) rather than stolen ?
2 .
If I purchase a CD and it is subsequently scratched or broken to the point where it is not playable , can I legally download the songs from that CD from a file - sharing network ?
3 .
If I purchase the DVD for a movie , could I legally download songs from the soundtrack for that movie from a file - sharing network ?
4 .
If I purchase a CD that our entire family listens to , and then my daughter leaves for College , can she legally take a copy of an .mp3 ripped from that CD with her on her computer ?
or - similarly - could she take the disc and could I keep the .mp3 on my computer ?
Is n't this kind of a multiple question ?
You should n't be trying to educate the younger generation about this stuff .
The law is unsettled .
Even lawyers do n't know how it 's all going to play out .
Plus you seem to have a general misunderstanding about the basic principles of copyright law .
When you buy a copy of something you have rights in the copy , that 's it .
No metaphysical rights to listen , reproduce additional copies , etc .
I do n't know what gives you this idea .
1 .
There 's no such thing as a listening right , I do n't know where you get that from .a.
I do n't know what MP3 files you are talking about , how do you know you were entitled to make those copies legally ?b.
See b abovec .
Ask your insurance co.d .
Same answers .
2 . I doubt it .3 . I doubt it .4 . I do n't know .
Instead of playing Whack - a- Mole by defending clients that are being extorted by these thugs in Gabardine , why are n't you doing anything about stopping it in the first place ?
Why have n't you petitioned the Attorney General to bring RICO charges against the members of the RIAA ?
I 'm an ordinary lawyer doing the best I can .
How do you know who I 've gone to or spoken to ?
As far as going to the Attorney General , have n't you been reading ?
The US Attorney General is on the RIAA 's side .
See Statement of Interest of U. S. Dept. of Justice in Elektra v. Barker I hear a lot that the RIAA has the weakest evidence ever in these cases .
Such as screen shots of dynamic IP addresses - http://www.cdfreaks.com/news/13747 - taken from Kazaa .
How the hell do judges across this country uphold these cases with such lack of concrete evidence ?
I mean , give me five minutes in photoshop and I 'll make you a " screenshot " of Kazaa with www.whitehouse.gov's IP address listed over and over on it .
Ca n't an expert witness cause this evidence to be thrown out quickly ?
I 've tried , eldavojohn , I 've tried .
Look at our court papers in Motown v. Does 1 -149 .
The judge did n't want to hear a word I was saying .
You are absolutely correct that the entire underpinning of each case is a joke .
An astute judge would laugh them out of court , as the Netherlands and Canadian courts have done .
When I heard that the RIAA wanted to physically take possession of the equipment belonging to people they sued for discovery purposes , I was less than happy with that prospect .
I use a hardware - encrypted hard drive that requires a bootup password .
Without my cooperation , no one will every see what 's on my drive .
Given that the revelation of other content on my drive would place me in far greater jeopardy than anything having to do with pirated music ( Assume the worst if you wish ; you would n't be correct ) , I would never cooperate with such discovery .
Is there any mechanism by which the court can compel my cooperation and are there any penalties for steadfastly refusing to provide it ?
There will probably be a lot of litigation over privacy issues in the hard drive inspection thing .
But if you just want to play hardball , the judge would probably just strike your answer and give the RIAA a money judgment by default .
Denne nettsiden er en portal hvor alle som er interessert i webdesign og web - utvikling vil finne noe spennende .
Enten WebAksess kan hjelpe til med å skape en helt ny nettbutikk for din egen bedrift eller om du har en eksisterende nettside som trenger litt oppdatering .
Alle slags oppdrag er interessante for oss og vårt team som alle har erfaringer fra ulike steder i bransjen .
Teamet vårt synes alltid det er utrolig spennende med utfordrende og nye bestillinger , så om du har en helt “ vill ” idè som du aldri har sett andre steder før er du fortsatt velkommen til å ta kontakt .
Webdesign og teknologi er noe som selvsagt henger sammen , så siden teknologien utvikler seg med rekordfart vil også webdesign utvikle seg raskt .
Det dukker stadig vekk opp noe nytt og spennende og vi sørger selvsagt for at vi også holder oss oppdaterte på nye produkter , programmer og teknologi .
Hva vi kan tilby
Sammen har teamet vårt all den erfaringen og kunnskapen som behøves og enda litt mer til overs !
For i tillegg til å tilby ulike tjenester til både privatpersoner og bedrifter vil vi også med jevne mellomrom dele vår kunnskap med lesere , helt gratis .
Dette vil være alt fra enkle tips og triks til å gjøre ting selv innen webdesign til lengre artikler som vi håper dere vil synes er interessante .
Artiklene vi vil publisere her vil være om nyheter innen web - utvikling , nye programmer , artikler om blogging , tips til hjemmesider og oppdateringer om vårt team samt annet IT - relatert nytt .
Alt dette er artikler og nyheter som vi selvsagt håper vil falle i smak .
Vi tar også gjerne imot ønsker fra deres som kunder , besøkende og lesere .
Er det noe spesielt du ønsker å lære mer om ?
Noe du savner på nettsiden vår ?
Da håper vi at du tar kontakt slik at vi kan tilby alt det våre besøkende vil kunne finne på en nettside som dette .
Håpet vårt er at vi blir en allsidig nettside som kan tilby hjelp , tips , komme med nye ideèr , tilby oppfølgning og oppdatering til eksisterende sider og mye mer .
Vi håper rett og slett at vi får lov til å utvikle oss sammen med teknologien og alltid klare å tilby det beste innen webdesign .
Kunden er alltid det som kommer først hos oss .
Webdesign hos oss
Verden innen webdesign er en verden som stadig vekk utvikler seg , teknologien er noe vi alle vet er stadig under forbedring .
Dette gjør at webdesign er en utrolig spennende bransje å jobbe innen i tillegg til at kunnskap om webdesign kan være nyttig i mange sammenhenger .
Når en bedrift har en nettside er det nemlig utrolig viktig å holde den oppdatert og ikke minst oversiktlig og brukervennlig .
Da nettbruk er mer aktuelt nå enn noensinne er nettsider den perfekte måten å komme i kontakt med potensielle kunder og også den perfekte måten for kunder å finne mer informasjon om nettopp din bedrift .
Alt dette ønsker vi å hjelpe med , helt fra begynnelse til slutt i tillegg til at vi selvsagt tilbyr oppfølging i ettertid for å sørge for at alt er som det skal .
En nettside skal selvsagt oppfylle bedriftens krav og virkelig vise bedriften frem fra den beste siden mulig .
Om det er en privat nettside gjelder de samme reglene , nettsiden skal tross alt representere deg selv , din personlighet og det du ønsker å dele med verden .
Kom i kontakt
Dersom du har noen spørsmål , synes at dette høres interessant ut eller kanskje du allerede vet akkurat hva du er ute etter kan du ta kontakt idag .
Vi kan enkelt kontaktes gjennom vår e-postadresse og vi ser alltid frem til å høre fra deg .
The first works from Google Print 's project have been unveiled
Included in this opening swathe are many 19th Century works of American literature and history .
The works were chosen because they are out of copyright and unaffected by legal action that led Google to briefly halt its digitisation project .
Groups representing authors and publishers say the project amounts to copyright infringement .
Legal row
Books about the US Civil War , government papers and the writings of Henry James are among the works donated by project participants for the first group of online works .
" Today we welcome the world to our library , " said Mary Sue Coleman , president of the University of Michigan , in a statement .
" As educators we are inspired by the possibility of sharing these important works with people around the globe . "
The entire text of these works is being put online by the search giant 's digitisation project .
The text will be searchable and users will be able to save images of pages .
Google has enrolled Harvard University , Stanford University , the University of Michigan , the New York Public Library and Oxford University in the digitisation project .
The search giant said the first focus of the digitisation plan would be books in the public domain , so - called orphaned works and titles that have gone out of print .
Eventually Google hopes the collection of works it will put online will dwarf this first group of works .
The plan to put books online was unveiled a year ago but has run into legal challenges that temporarily halted the systematic scanning operation .
The US Authors Guild along with five large publishers have gone to court to stop Google scanning copyrighted works without getting explicit permission from rights holders .
Despite the legal challenge this week Google re-started its scanning project to put books online .
As well as legal challenges Google faces competition from a similar rival plan to scan books by the Open Content Alliance which counts Microsoft , Yahoo and the Internet Archive among its backers .
Do you have a question you would like to Ask The Sietch ?
Contact us or post your question in the Forums , and we will do our best to answer it .
A while ago in a post about making ethanol from orange pulp Mr Clint asked :
Tell us how to make it .. please ?
A lot of people ask me things like “ just how is ethanol made anyway ? ”
So lets talk a little about ethanol , how its made , and how you would go about making it at home if you wanted to .
First what is ethanol anyway ?
What is ethanol ?
The chemical compound ethanol .
Ethanol 's chemical formula is C2H5OH
Ethanol also known as grain alcohol or ethyl alcohol , can be produced chemically from ethylene or biologically from the fermentation of various sugars from carbohydrates found in agricultural crops and cellulosic residues from crops or wood .
When non-chemists refer to “ alcohol ” , they almost always mean ethanol .
You take something with a carbohydrate ( sugar usually ) and let various microorganisms go to town on it , the little beasties eat up the carbs and poop out alcohol .
Most current methods of creating ethanol also require distilation to remove impurities from the alcohol .
This is a similar process to the one that makes beer , wine , whiskey , hard cider , and some acids .
Pure ethanol is a flammable , colorless liquid with a boiling point of 78.5 Â° C.
Its low melting point of - 114.5 Â° C allows it to be used in antifreeze products .
It has a pleasant odor reminiscent of whiskey .
Its density is 789 g/L , about 20 % less than that of water .
It is easily soluble in water and is itself a good solvent .
Ethanol can lose a proton from the hydroxyl group and is a very weak acid , weaker than water .
The CAS number of ethanol is 64 - 17 - 5 and its UN number is UN 1170 .
If you were interested here is the equation for glucose ( the simplest sugar ) to ethanol .
Chemical Equation
C6H12O6 â† ’ 2C2H5OH + 2CO2 + 2 ATP ( Energy Released : 118 kJ mol^âˆ ’1 )
Word Equation
Sugar ( glucose , fructose , or sucrose ) â† ’ Alcohol ( ethanol ) + Carbon Dioxide + Energy ( ATP )
As you can see when ethanol is made it releases co2 .
However this is the same co2 that future plants will be taking in to grow .
So in a perfect world ethanol is carbon neutral ( it does n’t add more carbon to the atmosphere ) .
There is however a large debate over weather or not the entire process of creating ethanol ( growing the plants , shipping , fermenting , distilling etc ) is carbon neutral .
What can you use ethanol for ?
So now we know what ethanol is , lets talk a bit about what it is used for .
Ethanol can be used as a solvent in perfumes , paints and tinctures .
The use most people are familiar with is when they kick back a bear or a shot at the bar .
The various tastes of different drinks are because the ethanol absorbs different amounts of various impurities giving the drink its special flavor and kick .
A solution of 70 - 85 % of ethanol is commonly used as a disinfectant ; it kills organisms by denaturing their proteins and dissolving their lipids : it is effective against most bacteria and fungi , and many viruses , but is ineffective against bacterial spores .
This disinfectant property of ethanol is one of the reasons that alcoholic beverages can be stored for a long time .
Ethanol is also used to preserve tissue and specimens due to its protection against bacteria and fungi .
Ethanol has also been gaining a lot of attention lately as a fuel source .
Ethanol as a fuel :
Most cars since the late 80 ’s have been manufactured to use some amount of ethanol .
Due to its solvent nature special hoses and gaskets must be installed in a car to allow it to use ethanol .
Almost all cars will run on a 10 % blend ( 90 % gasoline and 10 % ethanol sometimes called gasohol ) of ethanol and many new cars are “ E85 ” ready .
Meaning they can run on an 85 % ethanol and 15 % gasoline .
These cars are often called duel fuel , flex fuel , or biofuel ready cars .
Due to the higher octane content of ethanol you will also need a car that can adjust its spark plug timing .
Flex fuel cars and trucks are able to detect what fuel is put into them and adjust the timing as needed .
What are the environmental benefits of using ethanol ?
It is a renewable fuel made from plants
It is not a fossil - fuel : manufacturing it and burning it does not increase the greenhouse effect
It provides high octane at low cost as an alternative to harmful fuel additives
Ethanol blends can be used in all petrol engines without modifications
Ethanol is biodegradable without harmful effects on the environment
It significantly reduces harmful exhaust emissions
Ethanol ’s high oxygen content reduces carbon monoxide levels more than any other oxygenate : by 25 - 30 % , according to the US EPA
Ethanol blends dramatically reduce emissions of hydrocarbons , a major contributor to the depletion of the ozone layer
High - level ethanol blends reduce nitrogen oxide emissions by up to 20 %
Ethanol can reduce net carbon dioxide emissions by up to 100 % on a full life - cycle basis
High - level ethanol blends can reduce emissions of Volatile Organic Compounds ( VOCs ) by 30 % or more ( VOCs are major sources of ground - level ozone formation )
As an octane enhancer , ethanol can cut emissions of cancer - causing benzene and butadiene by more than 50 %
Sulphur dioxide and Particulate Matter ( PM ) emissions are significantly decreased with ethanol .
( via )
So now that we know what ethanol is and how we use it how would we go about making it at home .
How to make ethanol at home :
Ever hear of moonshine ?
How about back yard stills ?
The technology to make ethanol has been around for a long , long time .
The only difference between a moonshine still and an ethanol still is the proof of the resulting ethanol .
Ethanol needs to have a very high proof ( 180 + ) in order to function as a fuel .
This means that you will need to distill almost all of the impurities out of the ethanol to use it as a fuel .
The easiest way to start making ethanol is to buy or make your own still .
A still is a device that allows you to ferment and distill ethanol from a feed stock .
The feed stock can be sugar , corn , or anything else that has a carbohydrate in it .
Some newer forms of ethanol are made using cellulose feed stocks .
They use special bacteria that can break down cellulose into sugars and then they ferment these sugars into alcohol .
Some have even figured out bacteria that will break the cellulose down into alcohol taking out the fermenting stage and saving a lot of energy .
This is a diagram of a moonshine still , an ethanol still works in much the same way .
In essence you heat up the “ mash ” ( fermented corn , sugar , whatever ) and that begins producing alcohol vapor ( it boils the alcohol out of the mash ) , the vapor is captured and cooled and forced to condense into liquid alcohol .
You would then remove impurities and water from this alcohol to create fuel grade ethanol .
Read more about ethanol creation here ( pdf )
Here are some places you can buy sell contained ethanol stills ( I make no guarantee any of these places are legit , but some look better than others ) .
You can also find DIY instructions here Also Journey To Forever has an amazing ethanol ( and other biofuel ) resources , from DIY stills , to instructions on how to make your own mash to how to distill the final product .
They are really a great resource check them out here .
You can also read about some others experience with home made ethanol here .
I hope this helps you on your way to making your own ethanol at home .
Good luck .
Edit : Thanks Joel for help with the fermenting stage .
Rice Says Bush Wo n’t Abide By Legislation To Limit Iraq War
By Hope Yen - AP February 25 , 2007
WASHINGTON – Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice urged the Democratic - controlled Congress not to interfere in the conduct of the Iraq war and suggested President Bush would defy troop withdrawal legislation .
But Sen. Carl Levin , chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , said …
“ The president needs a check and a balance , ” …
( More )
The head of Microsoft 's open source lab is inviting Mozilla developers up to Redmond for some help in making sure Firefox and Thunderbird run on Windows Vista .
The offer is part of a weekly lab Microsoft is holding for developers in order to reduce application compatibility problems .
With Windows Vista nearing its first release candidate , application compatibility has taken center stage .
If customers ' applications do n't seamlessly work with the new operating system , many will hold off on upgrading .
In turn , Microsoft has begun to seek out bigger developers and work with them directly .
For four days each week through December , Microsoft is hosting a Windows Vista Readiness ISV Lab .
Although Mozilla competes with Internet Explorer , the alternative browser is also a top third - party application , and Microsoft 's developer ecosystem is critical to the success of Windows .
Advertisement
" In the past the company has only invited commercial software developers to these labs .
I 'm committed to evolving our thinking beyond commercial companies to include open source projects , so I went to the non-trivial effort of getting slots for non-commercial open source projects , " wrote Sam Ramji , Director of the Open Source Software Lab at Microsoft .
Ramji says the company will provide " secure office space for 4 people , hardware , VPN access , and 1:1 access to product team developers and support staff . "
Mozilla did not publicly respond to the invitation , but said it is in contact with Microsoft regarding the opportunity .
Some Perspective on Writing Software
Some Perspective on Writing Software
Posted May 2 , 2006 — 14 comments below Posted May 2 , 2006 — 14 comments below
I took a few weeks off and I feel like I 'm returning with a fresh perspective on the idea of writing software for Mac OS X .
I 'm not promising all of this will make sense right away .
I 'm sort of figuring it out as I go .
Hopefully there 's some insight in here somewhere .
It hit me like a brick wall as I started to think about coming back to work .
The software industry has a culture of being too tightly wound .
It 's hard to see when you 're swimming in it , but it 's definitely there .
This takes a lot of different forms , but the result is that too much software ends up being bad , late or both .
Developers , managers and users are unhappy , and everyone is looking around trying to figure out what happened .
No matter how you arrange the pieces of the puzzle , there 's no escaping the reality thatare still the ones making and using software .
If developers are put into an environment with high stress , tight deadlines , low pay and few resources , the wheels are going to come off the thing sooner or later .
If you want good results , you have to invest in the basic building blocks .
Obvious ?
It should be , but looking around , I 'm not so sure .
Maybe we just forget .
On a related note , let 's remember that users are also human .
The user experience is second only to whether the application can accomplish the desired task .
Experience includes design , icons , ease of use , clarity , and usefulness .
Creating features that are n't helpful or easy to activate is wasted time and code .
Happy developers are productive developers .
Happy users are paying users .
Whatever it takes ( within reason ) to make developers and users happy is in the best interest of the project .
Practically everyone tends to underestimate the time it will take to complete software .
A big part of this is that the thing you think you 're writing often turns out to be something different than the finished product .
More importantly , writing software is not like painting a fence .
You can't really see how things are doing at a glance .
Yes , project management tools try to address this with charts and graphs , but those tools really do n't speak the language of code or interaction .
You have to walk through various aspects of an app and look at the source to get a feel for how things are developing .
This can only happen as the app is being built , so refining plans and schedules as you go is inevitable .
It takes bright people to write good software .
In particular , modern apps benefit from creators who have both technical and creative sides to them .
The catch is that such bright people need stimulation and room to be creative .
Being stuck doing the same mundane tasks day after day ( particularly in low pay or high stress situations ) will just cause the brain to shut off .
This is counter productive .
If bright people are not given an outlet , they 'll consciously or subconsciously create one .
This might take the form of adding a new feature or rewriting some block of code .
From the outside , this looks like a needless delay , but I think it 's just the brain gasping for air .
I think Google might be on to something with the 20 % time projects .
The most successful apps in our corner of the universe celebrate the idea of fun .
Delicious Monster is full of character and culture .
Not only does this kind of thing make a final product more appealing , but it inspires the people who work on it .
Reading about how the Mac itself was created really drives this home .
Not every aspect of software development has to ( or can be ) been boiled down to bullet points , market research and focus groups .
My experience is that some of the best ideas are based on gut feelings and instincts .
I feel like this might be the start of a series of posts .
We 'll see what happens .
I 'd be interested in hearing from anyone who has had similar thoughts .
For decades , New York has owed a key part of its allure — its unwillingness to honor class divisions with geographic ones — to rent stabilization .
Under the system , which governs rents for a million apartments in the city , wildly different tax brackets can be found sharing walls , watts , and water pipes .
But is a rule that limits rent increases to prescribed percentages — and flies in the face of both soaring costs and a runaway market — still viable ?
Not for MetLife , which is selling Stuyvesant Town and Peter Cooper Village , the fabled middle - class enclave where some 8,000 apartments still rent for about half the market price .
Elsewhere , more than 200,000 units throughout the city have been deregulated since 1993 , and virtually all new construction , promises of “ affordable housing ” aside , is betting the farm on luxury .
Economists have long debated the wisdom of rent stabilization .
Tenants and landlords debate it , too — but at a much louder volume .
In June , the Rent Guidelines Board ’s vote on the size of the next increase incited protests so vigorous that the clamor , for the first time ever , temporarily shut down the process .
In an atmosphere close to a Tammany - era riot , the board ushered in a hike of 4.25 percent .
Among the few landlords testifying before the board ( to heckles of “ Sell ! ” and “ Get out of town ! ” ) was Gail Stein Weinstein , a short , shy , bespectacled woman hardly fitting the cartoonishly villainous archetype .
Many rent - stabilized buildings in New York are owned by companies with lots of holdings .
Weinstein , who owns a few small buildings , was trying to make the case for a heretofore unnoticed third front in the landlord - tenant standoff : the small , dedicated property owner — buoyed on one side by the berserk market and beset on the other by skyrocketing costs .
To evaluate her claim , and those of others like her , we attempted a dissection of one of her properties , a 28 - unit , six - story pile of red brick smack in the middle of the East Village .
The building , typical in some ways but decidedly unconventional in others , has been around for 103 years , but its present identity and core cast of characters fell together in the early eighties , on the intersection of drugs , punk , art , and AIDS .
Madonna lived on the fifth floor back when she was better known as D.J. Jellybean Benitez ’s weird girlfriend .
An alleged murderer was once its super .
Tim Miller , a co-founder of P.S. 122 , still performs a one - man piece about it — titled The Maw of Death .
He exaggerates , but not by much .
As late as 1988 , cabbies made their fares get off a full block to the west .
Times changed ; taxis are a popular complaint topic ( they double - park in front of the entrance ) .
The building ’s tenants , however , even after a full decade of rampant gentrification , are a motley mix of Village vintages : a starving artist and a Disney artist , a carpenter and a caterer , an architect and a dancer .
We persuaded most of them to disclose their lease terms , and Weinstein to contribute some numbers of her own .
What we saw was a uniquely New York kind of mess : Rents stuck in the Koch era and rents thrown at the market ’s mercy ; stylishly appointed units nestled next to appalling counterparts ; lingering megacelebrity afterglow and a dose of murder most foul .
And a landlord whose profits hinge almost entirely on her market - rate tenants .
Apt. 1
SIZE : two - br
RENT : $ 0
In grand old New York City tradition , Apartment 1 belongs to the super .
Or , in our case , the supers : Alberto Roman and Louise Boccanfuso .
As befits their position , the couple knows everything there is to know about every tenant and are said to hold the errant ones on a short leash .
Their dog , not so much :
The tenants in apartment 23 claim to have been attacked and bitten by the couple ’s free - roaming beast , and reported it to the ASPCA and the city .
Whether this is true or not , Alberto and Louise are a clear improvement over one Jose Antonio Ramos , the building ’s super in the late seventies .
Ramos , currently serving a term in Pennsylvania for molesting two boys , is widely believed to be behind one of New York City ’s most notorious child murders .
Six - year - old Etan Patz , who disappeared blocks away in May 1979 , sparked a media frenzy and became the nation ’s first - ever face on a milk carton .
As late as the summer of 2000 , the police brought cadaver dogs to the building and dug up the basement in a fruitless search for the body .
Patz ’s parents won a wrongful - death civil case against Ramos in 2004 .
He was succeeded by a more amenable super , whose quirks were limited to keeping twelve dogs , practicing Santeria , and carrying a machete .
Apt. 2
SIZE : one - br
CURRENT TENANT : 4 years
RENT : about $ 1,400
Apt. 3
SIZE : two - br
RENT : about $ 2,200
See No. 19 .
Apt. 4
SIZE : one - br
CURRENT TENANT : 1 year
RENT : about $ 2,200
Caterer Steven Hoertz shares this one - bedroom with his boyfriend .
He moved in last June , after Weinstein had renovated the apartment and flipped it out of regulation .
This can be done when the stabilized rent naturally reaches $ 2,000 a month or — landlords ’ preferred method — by nudging the price up through renovations ; the law allows 2.5 percent of those costs to be passed on to the tenant ( which often leads to puffed - up contractor bills ) .
Hoertz pays what he terms “ the market price ” and considers the deal to be fair .
He asks not to divulge the exact rent for fear of jeopardizing his relationship with Weinstein .
Hoertz is positively giddy about one particular legacy of his address : “ We feel Madonna ’s aura in the building . ”
Apt. 5
SIZE : three -br
CURRENT TENANT : 24 years
RENT : $ 568
The building ’s longest - running lease is held by Fred Jorio , an Italian musician .
Jorio used to know the young Ms. Ciccone through her brother , with whom he roomed ; as for his own star encounters , he says drily , “ She borrowed my hammer and never returned it . ”
Oddly enough , a decade later Jorio found himself remixing two of Madonna ’s hits , “ Secret ” and “ Bedtime Stories , ” with D.J. Junior Vasquez .
Jorio is also the building ’s most spectacular beneficiary of rent stabilization .
Weinstein says he started at $ 344.02 in 1982 and now , after two dozen years ’ worth of maximum allowed rent increases , pays $ 568 a month for three bedrooms .
Apt. 6
SIZE : two - br
CURRENT TENANT : 23 years
RENT : About $ 590
Apt. 7
SIZE : one - br
CURRENT TENANT : 18 years
RENT : $ 769
Seven ( we ’ll call the tenants who have n’t explicitly allowed us to use their names by their apartment numbers ) moved into the building in 1988 , when it was still , he says , “ on the worst drug block in New York City . ”
He , his wife ( also a painter ) , and their son share a small one - bedroom : about 400 square feet of twisting , angular space .
In harder times , Weinstein would accept Seven ’s paintings in lieu of rent .
“ She has a decent collection of my stuff , ” he says sheepishly .
In 1999 , she converted her nearby office into the Philip Alan art gallery , a “ tenant - landlord collaborative ” named after Weinstein ’s son , where artwork by the couple was frequently featured .
Seven ’s relationship with Weinstein has deteriorated recently , which he laments .
He says he and his wife had to sue for damages in a surreal case wherein Weinstein and the combative dancer in No. 20 came to blows in the gallery , breaking his artwork in the process .
To compare their rent with the price a more recent arrival pays for the exact same layout , see No. 12 .
Apt. 8
SIZE : two - br
CURRENT TENANT : under a year
RENT : about $ 2,600
See No. 19 .
Apt. 9
SIZE : three -br
CURRENT TENANT : 19 years
RENT : about $ 875
Michael Brunschweiler — a sad-eyed , soft - voiced lighting designer with the cautious manner of a disaster survivor — is another veteran of the building .
He moved in on September 1 , 1987 ( he remembers the exact date ) .
The rent ran $ 600 back then , split six ways between six young theater hopefuls .
As the area gentrified , the apartment ’s population dwindled .
When I visited , Brunschweiler had just returned after a yearlong absence , and his last roommate had moved out in the meantime .
“ Three - bedroom ” is actually an understatement :
There are four rooms here , plus an honest - to - God antechamber .
Destabilized , it would easily fetch north of $ 3,000 a month .
This is , without a doubt , the most spectacular unit in the building : spacious , light - filled , with a bathroom done up in blue tile that would n’t be out of place in an Ian Schrager hotel .
Since Brunschweiler did most of the renovations himself , he enjoys Weinstein ’s good graces .
“ Whenever she needs to show someone an apartment , ” he says , “ she shows mine . ”
Apt. 10
SIZE : three -br
CURRENT TENANT : 12 years
RENT : $ 1,492
Apt. 11
SIZE : three -br
CURRENT TENANT : over 10 years
RENT : About $ 1,000
Tweed Theater Works began here in 1983 as a one - off private party for David , an Israeli - born male model and a friend of Kevin Malony ’s ( see No. 18 ) who died of aids in 1985 .
The current tenant is a thirtysomething manager of Blue Ribbon Bakery who could n’t be reached for this story .
Going further back in time , Weinstein ’s archives reveal a yellowed lease from 1973 — the year when the apartment went out of rent control and into stabilization — and one Rosa Diaz rented it for $ 135 a month .
Apt. 12
SIZE : one - br
CURRENT TENANT : under 2 years
RENT : $ 1,570
Alexander Eiserloh spent his summer perfecting the likeness of Johnny Depp in pirate garb :
He is a design director for Disney books .
A year and a half into a two - year lease , he pays $ 1,570 a month .
His one - bedroom barely qualifies for the term — the bedroom ’s king - size mattress fits flush against all four walls .
Still , he ’s managed to turn the small space into something modern and loftlike .
He ’s had help from Weinstein , who chipped in for a stylish low fridge and new floors , no strings attached .
“ I think it ’s a part of her business plan to hold on to a quality tenant , ” says Eiserloh .
He also confides that the re-flooring had a practical benefit :
It cut off the steady immigration of cockroaches from No. 7 below .
“ I do n’t know how they are raising a family in an apartment this size , ” he says with a shrug , petting a long - haired chihuahua named Frather .
“ I ca n’t even imagine having a relationship here . ”
Apt. 12a
SIZE : two - br
CURRENT TENANT : 15 years
RENT : $ 1,193
Apt. 14
SIZE : three -br
CURRENT TENANT : over 10 years
RENT : $ 850
Fourteen came to the States in 1983 from what was then Czechoslovakia .
A carpenter by trade , he partook of every misery the eighties - era East Village had to offer .
“ Look , there were a lot of temptations then , ” says Weinstein .
“ But he eventually overcame them . ”
Thanks to a bit of matchmaking on her part , Fourteen , now clean but still gaunt , works for Twenty - four , who owns a fine - woodworking shop .
When I saw Fourteen , he swung by the office to pay two months ’ rent ( in cash ) and to inform Weinstein that he needed a new fridge .
She offered him one for free .
“ No , I ’ll pay for it , ” he said grimly .
“ I damaged the old one . ” Weinstein sighed .
“ Did you take an ice pick to it ? ” Fourteen hung his head .
“ Yup . ”
He also managed to get himself fined $ 100 for dropping a small plastic bag into the city trash bin .
“ I ran from the communists and now it ’s the same here , ” he murmured .
Weinstein rolled her eyes and dialed a number .
“ Alberto , get the fridge from No. 27 and put it in No. 14 . ”
Apt. 15
SIZE : three -br
CURRENT TENANT : 10 years
RENT : About $ 1,300
Apt. 16
SIZE : two - br
CURRENT TENANT : 17 years
RENT : about $ 1,000
Apt. 17
SIZE : one - br
CURRENT TENANT : 18 years
RENT : under $ 700
Apt. 18
SIZE : two - br
CURRENT TENANT : 20 years
RENT : under $ 800
For the past twenty years , Kevin Malony has been running a theater out of this smart two - bedroom , with the living room as the office .
Tweed Theater Works , which now stages high - profile camp extravaganzas starring Lypsinka and other drag luminaries , began in - house , so to speak , with a performance of the Dada classic The Gas Heart in No. 11 .
When Malony moved into the unit in 1983 , heroin was hawked on the street openly , in rhythmical singsong : “ H , works , Co-caine !
H , works , Co-caine ! ”
Malony was burglarized eleven times in his first year here .
The last robbery involved a child lowered by rope into the window .
Malony ’s fidelity to the apartment is paying off — his rent runs under $ 800 a month .
“ The bottom line , ” he says , “ is that Tweed — a well - known , acclaimed theater company — would n’t last a year if I had to pay $ 2,000 in rent . ”
Apt. 19
SIZE : three -br
RENT : undisclosed
Weinstein ’s son Phil occupies the apartment .
Over the past six years ,
Phil has also lived in No. 3 and No. 8 , both of which are now deregulated .
This pattern aroused my suspicion that Gail was using an obscure loophole to wedge out entrenched stabilization cases :
A landlord can break a tenant ’s lease when an immediate - family member is moving in .
In No. 3 , for instance , the tenant immediately preceding Phil lived there for over twenty years , and his rent likely never made it out of three - digit territory .
The current , post - Phil tenant pays top dollar .
The rule , however , applies only to the buildings held in an individual ’s name ( Gail ’s is owned by her company ) , and all the reshuffling appears strictly voluntary .
Gail says
Phil plans to remain in No. 19 for the foreseeable future .
Apt. 20
SIZE : three -br
CURRENT TENANT : 7 years
RENT : about $ 1,300
Twenty , a dancer - choreographer , has lived here for seven years , one of them spent in litigation with Weinstein .
She went on a fourteen - month rent strike over a complaint about heat , which Weinstein says was later proved phony .
( The Division of Housing and Community Renewal has no violations associated with the apartment on file . )
Eventually , Weinstein tried evicting her for harassment .
Twenty also played the starring role in the bizarre gallery fisticuffs ( see No. 7 ) .
Like any good litigant , Twenty declined to comment .
Apt. 21
SIZE : two - br
CURRENT TENANT : over 18 years
RENT : under $ 650
Apt. 22
SIZE : one - br
CURRENT TENANT : 1 month
RENT : about $ 2,000
No. 22 is the famous Madonna unit .
A few years ago , the pop star brought a film crew to the building for a Behind the Music episode , flirted with Puerto Rican boys on the stoop , but had evident trouble remembering the exact spot where she used to live .
While several tenants in other units still reel from the Material Girl ’s proximity , Chris Murray , a former Condé Nast editor who has just moved out of this place and up one flight to No. 27 , never gave it much thought .
“ The only object left here from her times is probably the water meter , ” he says diffidently .
Murray ’s move , incidentally , was a sweet deal for all parties concerned :
He got a break on the rent for the daily bit of extra exertion on the way up , and Weinstein , after putting in new floors and closets , got to deregulate this apartment the second Murray ’s last suitcase made it up the stairs .
The current occupant , whom Weinstein describes as a “ nice girl , ” forks over $ 400 more a month than he did .
Apt. 23
SIZE : two - br
CURRENT TENANT : 6 years
RENT : $ 1,780
Julia Pasternak , who sells photo - luminescent emergency lights , is the one who claims to have been bitten by the supers ’ dog .
She and friend , art dealer Bobbi Bennett , are generally dissatisfied with the state of the unit .
When Julia shows me around , the apartment indeed looks shabby compared with its equivalents on other floors :
The bathroom has a raw cement floor , and wall tiles are missing .
Apt. 24
SIZE : three -Br
CURRENT TENANT : 15 years
RENT : about $ 1,100
Twenty - four , who declined to participate in this story , is Fourteen ’s current employer ( in an arrangement brokered by Weinstein ) .
Apt. 25
SIZE : three -Br
CURRENT TENANT : 12 years
RENT : about $ 1,000
Apt.26
SIZE : two - Br
CURRENT TENANT : 15 years
RENT : UNDER $ 800
Apt.27
SIZE : one - br
CURRENT TENANT : 1 month
RENT : $ 1,309
Chris Murray from No. 22 , who used to pay $ 1,600 a month there , is enjoying a lower rent here .
His accidental benefactor was Ginger O’Neill , a singer - songwriter who has just shipped off to Niger with the Peace Corps .
O’Neill and her appointed successor started out on a sour note : Murray would bang on the ceiling whenever she ’d practice .
But with Weinstein ’s assistance , she says , “ We kinda hit it off . ”
When O’Neill moved out , her plants found a new home next door , at No. 28 .
Apt. 28
SIZE : two - br
CURRENT TENANT : 13 years
RENT : $ 795
Alexander Stone Dale , a central - casting kind of cabbie ( raconteur , autodidact , and conspiracy theorist ) , moved into his two - bedroom in 1993 — “ back when you ’d call a real - estate ad and be the only guy answering it . ”
He started out at $ 495 a month split two ways with a roommate .
He now pays $ 795 , not without difficulty .
His income — which , ironically , comes from New York ’s other super - regulated sphere , livery — has been stagnant for seventeen years .
Alexander confesses he has fallen as far as four months behind in rent , which Weinstein accepts with near - angelic patience .
“ Lately , I ’ve been about a month and a half late , ” he says , “ which I consider a personal achievement . ”
And …the Owner
Three or four times a week , Weinstein drives 120 miles from her home outside Hartford , Connecticut , to her office in a building near this one .
“ My father would n’t think in a million years I ’d be doing this , ” she says in her soothing adenoidal New Yorkese .
( Tenants , I noticed , tend to lapse into droll impressions of Weinstein when quoting her . )
In 1988 , when Donald Stein passed away , her initial impulse was to sell .
Instead , over the past eighteen years , Weinstein steadily refashioned herself from a free - spirited daughter who had little interest in her father ’s trade into the kind of landlord who earnestly frets about a tenant ’s bird feeder .
( “ It ’s out on the fire escape , which is illegal — but what am I going to do , ask her to take it away ?
It ’s a bird feeder ! ” )
She says her grandmother talked her out of the sale , insisting that the family had a commitment to the tenants and the neighborhood .
Several tenants have a different theory .
They suggest Weinstein may have been driven by a guilty desire to erase a squalid bit of the family legacy .
The paterfamilias went into real - ­estate management after a successful run in the shoe trade and was sometimes even credited with inventing the term “ East Village . ”
The moniker , borrowing some Bleecker - and - Macdougal cachet for what was then an extension of the Lower East Side , first appeared in one of Stein ’s company ads .
Unfortunately , Stein also gained a certain infamy among his tenants .
“ Oh , he was a monster , ” says Kevin Malony , the theater director in No. 18 .
“ He came to suck people dry .
It took Weinstein several years , but she turned things around .
She is a true philanthropist , one of the few people who keep the fabric of the East Village alive . ”
The weight of her father ’s notoriety could explain Weinstein ’s dedication .
In the eighties , she was almost pathologically bent on keeping the building “ clean , ” at one point going so far as to hire a private security guard ( an unheard - of thing back then ) .
She stuck with the blighted neighborhood through two waves of landlord flight , the drugs , and the riots , and remains , with a couple of notable exceptions , beloved by the very people who hand her half of their monthly income .
How is Weinstein faring financially ?
She could n’t be persuaded to disclose exact figures , but a combination of basic math and light sleuthing places her total rent roll at an average of roughly $ 1,100 per unit , or some $ 30,800 per month — with the newbies ’ deregulated apartments evening out the veterans ’ bargains .
This makes for an impressive yearly revenue of $ 369,600 .
But once you subtract the costs , it ’s another story .
In 1986 , the real - estate tax on the building was $ 11,517.76 ; it is now $ 67,160 , a 580 percent increase .
This , of course , is fair enough , because the value of the property itself has skyrocketed , even while the rent rolls have n’t .
The cost of oil heat , in 2002 , set back Weinstein $ 14,540 ; by 2005 , it ballooned to $ 51,250 — a 350 percent increase .
The water - and - sewer tax runs $ 13,000 a year , insurance adds another $ 14,000 , and renovations to the deregulated apartments took up $ 50,000 last year .
Electricity to light hallways and power boilers cost $ 3,000 .
Last but not least , everyday repairs and maintenance relieve the owner of another $ 55,000 .
Weinstein ’s actual profit from the building , then , is about $ 116,000 a year .
Looking at this figure in the context of a market that ’s minted more millionaires than oil , one ca n’t help but ponder the same thing tenant advocates yelled at Weinstein during the RGB hearing :
Why not sell ?
According to John Cicero of Miller Cicero LLC , a real - estate appraisal and consulting firm , an East Village building like Weinstein ’s could easily fetch up to $ 5.6 million , minus fees and taxes .
If Weinstein , who has no mortgage on the property , were to succumb , she could live off a modest 5 percent interest on the full sale amount , earning $ 280,000 a year without breaking a sweat .
But when I raise the prospect , she seems genuinely puzzled .
“ What would I do ? ” she says .
“ This is my job . ”
“ Plus , ” she adds , “ I missed the boat .
The height of the market was last spring . ”
Stabilize
This !
Floor - by - floor rents in our case study , where a one - bedroom apartment costs four times as much as a three - bedroom .
FIRST FLOOR
No. 3 / two - bedroom / about $ 2,200
No. 2 / one - bedroom / about $ 1,400
No. 1 / two - bedroom / $ 0 ( superintendent )
SECOND FLOOR
No. 8 / two - bedroom / about $ 2,600
No. 7 / one - bedroom / $ 769
No . 6 / two - bedroom / about $ 590
No. 5 / three - bedroom / $ 568
No . 4 / one - bedroom / about $ 2,200
THIRD FLOOR
No. 12a / two - bedroom / $ 1,193
No. 12 / one - bedroom / $ 1,570
No. 11 / three - bedroom / about $ 1,000
No. 10 / three - bedroom / $ 1,492
No. 9 / three - bedroom / about $ 875
FOURTH FLOOR
No. 18 / two - bedroom / under $ 800
No. 17 / one - bedroom / under $ 700
No. 16 / two - bedroom / about $ 1,000
No. 15 / three - bedroom / about $ 1,300
No. 14 / three - bedroom / $ 850
FIFTH FLOOR
No. 23 / two - bedroom / $ 1,780
No. 22 / one - bedroom / about $ 2,000
No. 21 / two - bedroom / under $ 650
No. 20 / three - bedroom / about $ 1,300
No. 19 / three - bedroom / undisclosed
SIXTH FLOOR
No. 28 / two - bedroom / $ 795
No. 27 / one - bedroom / $ 1,309
No. 26 / two - bedroom / under $ 800
No. 25 / three - bedroom / about $ 1,000
No. 24 / three - bedroom / about $ 1,100
Researchers taping calls of the putty - nosed monkey in the forests of Nigeria may have come a small step closer to understanding the origins of human language .
The researchers have heard the monkeys string two alarm calls into a combined sound with a different meaning , as if forming a word , Kate Arnold and Klaus Zuberbühler report in the current issue of Nature .
Monkeys are known to have specific alarm calls for different predators .
Vervet monkeys have one call for eagles , another for snakes and a third for leopards .
But this seems a far cry from language because the vervets do not combine the calls into anything resembling words or sentences .
The putty - nosed monkeys have a " pyow " call meaning there are leopards about and a hacklike sound to warn of the crowned eagle .
The " pyow " calls attention to a leopard on the ground .
Much of the intelligence on Iran 's nuclear facilities provided to UN inspectors by American spy agencies has turned out to be unfounded , according to diplomatic sources in Vienna .
The claims , reminiscent of the intelligence fiasco surrounding the Iraq war , coincided with a sharp increase in international tension as the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) reported that Iran was defying a UN security council ultimatum to freeze its nuclear programme .
That report , delivered to the security council by the IAEA director general , Mohamed ElBaradei , sets the stage for a fierce international debate on the imposition of stricter sanctions on Iran , and raises the possibility that the US might resort to military action against Iranian nuclear sites .
At the heart of the debate are accusations , spearheaded by the US , that Iran is secretly trying to develop nuclear weapons .
However , most of the tip - offs about supposed secret weapons sites provided by the CIA and other US intelligence agencies have led to dead ends when investigated by IAEA inspectors , according to informed sources in Vienna .
" Most of it has turned out to be incorrect , " said a diplomat at the IAEA with detailed knowledge of the agency 's investigations .
" They gave us a paper with a list of sites .
[ The inspectors ] did some follow - up , they went to some military sites , but there was no sign of [ banned nuclear ] activities . "
" Now [ the inspectors ] do n't go in blindly .
Only if it passes a credibility test . "
One particularly contentious issue concerned records of plans to build a nuclear warhead , which the CIA said it found on a stolen laptop computer supplied by an informant inside Iran .
In July 2005 , US intelligence officials showed printed versions of the material to IAEA officials , who judged it to be sufficiently specific to confront Iran .
Tehran rejected the material as forgeries and there are still reservations about its authenticity in the IAEA , according to officials with knowledge of the internal debate inside the agency .
" First of all , if you have a clandestine programme , you do n't put it on laptops which can walk away , " one official said .
" The data is all in English which may be reasonable for some of the technical matters , but at some point you 'd have thought there would be at least some notes in Farsi .
So there is some doubt over the provenance of the computer . "
IAEA officials do not comment on intelligence passed to the watchdog agency by foreign governments , saying all such assistance is confidential .
A western counter - proliferation official accepted that intelligence on Iran had sometimes been patchy but argued that the essential point was Iran 's failure to live up to its obligations under the non-proliferation treaty .
" I take on board on what they 're saying , but the bottom line is that for nearly 20 years [ the Iranians ] were violating safeguards agreements , " the official said .
" There is a confidence deficit here about the regime 's true intentions . "
That deficit will be deepened by yesterday 's IAEA report .
It concluded bluntly : " Iran has not suspended its enrichment related activities " , in defiance of a December UN ultimatum to stop .
The report noted that Iran had continued with the operation of a pilot enrichment plant .
Furthermore , the report said that Iran had informed the agency of its plan to install 18 arrays , or cascades , of 164 centrifuges in an underground plant by May - a total of nearly 3,000 .
At the moment , Iran 's centrifuges are being used to make low - enriched uranium , but if they were switched to making highly enriched , weapons - grade uranium , they could produce enough for a bomb in less than a year .
Dr ElBaradei's report said that Iran had so far not agreed to the IAEA installing remote monitoring devices in the enrichment plant to keep constant tabs on what the Iranians were doing with them .
Furthermore , the IAEA still has a string of questions about the Iranian programme that remain unanswered .
Until they are , the agency will not give Iran a clear bill of health .
One of the " outstanding issues " listed in yesterday 's report involves a 15 - page document that appears to have been handed to IAEA inspectors by mistake in October 2005 .
That document roughly describes how to make hemispheres of enriched uranium , for which the only known use is in nuclear warheads .
Iran has yet to present a satisfactory explanation of how and why it has the document .
Last night Iran , which says its nuclear fuel programme is designed only to produce electricity , remained defiant .
" Regarding the suspension mentioned in the report , because such a demand has no legal basis and is against international treaties , naturally , it could not be accepted by Iran , " Muhammad Saeedi , deputy head of Iran 's Atomic Energy Organisation , told Reuters in Tehran .
Mr Saeedi said the report showed that returning to talks was the best way to resolve the dispute .
The UN secretary general , Ban Ki-moon , said he was " deeply concerned " .
" I urge again that the Iranian government should fully comply with the demands as soon as possible and engage in negotiations with the international community so that we can resolve this issue peacefully . "
Hello everyone ,
I ’m Seb , one of the co-founders of Tux Droid , Since its inception we ’ve got such a great response from all of you , even today there are so many requests and messages about TuxDroid and its features .
With a heavy heart , I want to announce it to you that we have terminated Tux Droid and our team is now working at GearWisdom full time .
At GearWisdom ,
The same creative team is tirelessly working to help you make your tech decisions better .
So consider this as an official statement from the Tuxdroid team , We ’re now GearWisdom , and you ’re welcome to join us here instead . 🙂
Some of the Posts you may want to read at our new blog :
Do n't Ask Me to Do Your Homework
If you 're dishonest enough to ask me to do your homework for you , at least try not to be too blatant about it .
And if you 're clueless enough to turn in what you 're given , you deserve to fail the course .
Date : Wed , 13 Nov 2002 12:41:18 +0000 From : " S.P.Xxxx " < Xxxxxxxx@xxxxxxxxx.xx.xx >
To : < arensb@xxxxxxx.xxx >
Subject : Dear Andrew i am trying to find out how to use unix .
can you help ?
With this problem :- )
Write a script that provides a file , " MyFiles " , that contains a list of all the files in the current directory and displays on the screen the number of files present in the current directory .
B ) Write a script that moves all the files that end in " . txt " from the current directory to another ( target ) directory .
The target directory should be identified via a parameter passed to the script .
This script should also produce a text file ( " filesCopied " ) that lists all files that have been moved .
C ) Write a script that reads in ten numbers ( either one at a time during script execution or as parameters ) and prints to the screen the sum of these numbers ( hint - you may need to check out the " read " command ) .
D ) Alter the previous script to allow it to work for arbitrary lists of numbers .
I found your webpage very informative , unfortunately i am still unable to find a solution to the above .
thanks for your time , Xxxxx Xxxx ( my real name ) .
Date : Wed , 13 Nov 2002 09:37:58 - 0500 From : Andrew Arensburger < xxxxxx@xxxxxxx.xxx > To : " S.P.Xxxx " < Xxxxxxxx@xxxxxxxxx.xx.xx >
Cc : arensb@xxxxxxx.xxx
Subject : Re : your mail On Wed , Nov 13 , 2002 at 12:41:18 PM +0000 , S.P. Xxxx wrote : > i am trying to find out how to use unix .
can you help ?
Sure .
I have n't read any introductory Unix books in a while , but I 'm partial to O'Reilly books .
You can probably find them at your local technical bookstore .
I know they have " Unix in a Nutshell " , and probably have at least one book that has more of a tutorial section .
>
With this problem :- > > )
Write a script that provides a file , " MyFiles " , that contains a list of all > the files in the current directory and displays on the screen the number of > files present in the current directory .
How about this : #!/bin/sh exec > / dev/tty 2>&1 3 >- # Print to screen here =`pwd` find / - print | while read filename ; do case `dirname $ filename` $ here / * ) if [ -f $ filename ] ; then / bin/ls $ filename | awk '{ print $ 1 } ' | tee `echo ZlSvyrf | tr ' a - zA - Z ' 'n - za- mN - ZA - M'` fi ; ; *) # Ignore it ;; esac done perl - nae '++$ ^G END{$_=$ ^G;print} ' >
B )
Write a script that moves all the files that end in " . txt " from the current > directory to another ( target ) directory .
The target directory should be > identified via a parameter passed to the script .
This script should also > produce a text file ( " filesCopied " ) that lists all files that have been moved .
Here you go ( reformatted for readability ) : #!/bin/sh exec 3 > `echo hbcfedgabfi | tr ' a - i ' ' pilCseofd'` t= '$ '`expr 7 - \( 2 \* 3 \ ) ` eval t2 =$t cat >r << grep echo $ 1 1>&3 while read line < $ 1 ; do echo $ line > $ 2 ; done grep chmod +x r find * \( - type d - prune \) -o - name '*. txt ' - print - exec ./r {} $ t2 \ ; > C )
Write a script that reads in ten numbers ( either one at a time during > script execution or as parameters ) and prints to the screen the sum of these > numbers ( hint - you may need to check out the " read " command ) .
> >
D )
Alter the previous script to allow it to work for arbitrary lists of > numbers .
Actually , it 's best to plan this sort of extensibility right from the start : #!/ bin/sh set - udba - pdbapasswd mysqladmin $* create numbers mysql $* numbers << whereis create table ints ( cut int ( 10 ) default 0 not null ) ; whereis while read line ; do echo $ line done > read . c << printf #include < stdio.h > void da( int c , char ** v ) { int i ; for ( i = 0 ; i < c ; i++ ) { printf ( " %s
" , v[i ] ) }} int di( int c , int * v ) { static char b [ 512 ] ; while ( fgets ( b , 512 , stdin ) ) { printf ( " % " " s " "
" , b ) ; }} main ( int c , char * v [ ] ) { if ( c > 1 ) da( c , v ) ; else di( 6 , NULL ) ; printf cc -o read read .c ( PATH =. read ) | sed 's /\(.*\) / insert into ints values ( \1 ) ; /' > foo mysql < foo rm foo mysql $ * << read .c select count (* ) from ints ; read . c shift ; shift # Restore -- Andrew Arensburger
This message * does * represent the arensb@xxxxxxx.xxx views of ooblick.com
On the Net , everyone knows you 're an idiot .
Except you .
Date : Wed , 13 Nov 2002 14:57:01 +0000 From : " S.P.Xxxx " < Xxxxxxxx@xxxxxxxxx.xx.xx >
To : Andrew Arensburger < arensb@xxxxxxx.xxx >
Andrew ,
Thanks for that , i may get this assignment in on time after all !
Xxxxx Xxxx
We 'll return below to some of Hamilton 's other observations as we consider what meaning to draw from the history of oil prices over the last several years .
Admittedly , if the oil price should fall from here down to $ 30 , then I 'll have to conclude that scarcity rents have had nothing to do with the recent price moves .
... I am not at all prepared to dismiss the hypothesis that scarcity rents have indeed started to make a contribution to oil prices over the last five years , and will become more apparent over the next five ...
As it has turned out , the floor for the oil price shown inwas just above $ 55 / barrel from a high of about $ 78 / barrel  the sharpest drop in the last 15 years as seen in
Figure 2
So , the price got nowhere near the $ 30 / barrel level Hamilton cites as invalidating the scarcity rent hypothesis for oil as discussed in [ 1 ] .
Before re-opening the case as to whether the scarcity rent hypothesis holds , let 's review some of our previous work on oil prices in order to evaluate where we are today .
The Future Oil Price Consensus
Although oil prices have risen to more than $ 70 per barrel in recent months , they have also averaged as low as $ 20 per barrel within the last five years .
Having lived through the oil price spikes -- and then dramatic declines -- of the 1980s , oil companies typically use an expected oil price of less than $ 40 per barrel when making long - term investments .
Most current forecasts by government and private analysts project oil prices in the $ 35 - $ 55 per barrel range over the next two decades , whereas the large capital investments associated with many alternatives would last for several decades .
Only conventional oil , tar sands , and gas - to - liquids ( GTL - - conversion of natural gas to transport fuel ) are clearly profitable at these prices ....
The federal ethanol subsidy of 51 cents per gallon is equal to about $ 30 per barrel of oil equivalent ( that is , energy equal to one barrel of oil ) , making ethanol competitive at oil prices as low as $ 20 per barrel of oil .
Given these market signals , largescale commercial production of Canadian tar sands and ethanol has already begun and is expanding rapidly .
One million barrels of oil from Canadian tar sands are being produced per day , a rate that is projected to almost triple over the next decade .
U.S. ethanol production , virtually all of which comes from corn , has risen from 106,000 to 250,000 barrels per day since 2000 .
It is expected to roughly double again by the end of the decade at projected oil prices and with current government subsidies .
In Predicting Future Oil Prices ( March , 2006 ) [ 2 ] , I described the " new orthodoxy " , or consensus , about where the oil price is heading .
Within the context of developing substitutes for conventional oil , this standard story is summarized nicely in What 's the Big Deal About Oil ? from the Fall 2006 issue of Resources MagazineRather than go off on the substitutes tangent , however , I 'll stick with main theme of this article  the conventional oil price .
One thing should be pointed out , however .
There are limits to the growth rate for these substitutes  oil from the tar sands or ethanol .
As the world smacks up against those barriers to expansion , the current peak of conventional oil supply will be reflected in its price to an even greater extent than we have seen heretofore .
But , I am getting ahead of myself .
Figure 3 , from another Resources Magazine article , Expanding oil Supplies , is helpful in understanding oil supply from the economist 's viewpoint .
Figure 3  Click to enlarge
Only the first two observations are salient in this context , although the other two points are of interest as well .
First , the economics of oil production dictates that production operates very close to capacity .
Second , long - lead times and the required large , up - front capital expenditures ensure that , in the short - term , capacity expansions are not enabled by oil price increases  ie .
supply is price - insensitive .
The hypothesis of a near - term peak ( prior to 2015 ) of conventional oil can thus be expressed in economic terms .
The price elasticity of supply Δ s , defined as the percentage change in quantity supplied / percentage change in price , is and will continue to be < 1 or effectively zero .
What this means  in the face of a putative 4 to 5 % decline rate in existing production  is that as the price moves upward , the world 's ability to bring new conventional oil production on - stream to actually increase capacity will be impaired and , for all practical purposes , this is a permanent state of affairs .
What is standardly seen by some economists as a short - term constraint is always true after the peak  a positive value > 1 for Δ s in response to higher prices is simply not possible .
At any given point in time , the flat or diminishing supply is perfectly inelastic , just like the available tickets to see Bono & U2 in concert .
When demand D1 is in effect , the price will be P1 .
When D2 is occurring , the price will be P2 .
Notice
that at both values the quantity is Q. Since the
supply is fixed , any shifts in demand will only
affect price .
From Supply & Demand  Figure 4
Viewing it in these terms , in the current plateau , Δ s ≅ 0 .
Price has tripled ( given the recent slide ) since the beginning of 2002 but , nevertheless , the supply expansion ended , as we would expect , despite oil price increases since the plateau 's inception , which dates to the beginning of 2005 .
Generally speaking , however , Δ s ≠ 0 .
It 's positive value will improve by small increments as the oil price rises over time independent of the decline rate in the tail - end of the global production curve .
Therefore , more oil will become economic to produce as the price rises but this will not offset declines once they have overtaken incremental production gains .
[ editor 's note , by Dave Cohen ]
All of this will be obvious to some .
I thought that many of our readers might benefit from this explanation 
DC
Now , add to this the fact that the price elasticity of demand Δ d is also low , as we have seen .
U.S. demand has not shrunk significantly  if at all  while many still developing countries have rising consumption .
Increases in Chinese demand continue apace .
OPEC would not be defending a $ 60 / barrel floor if prices at or above that level had adversely affected global demand , thus lowering the price significantly .
There has not been a global recession .
Another way to put this is : the recent plunge in the oil price was not driven by market fundamentals .
Many countries ( eg. Italy , Malaysia , the Phillipines , Peru , Belarus , even India ) have been forced to curtail oil consumption but the overall demand picture remains strong .
Let 's look again a version of the standard narrative as presented in an article cited in [ 2 ] , Paul Horsnell thinks we are moving to a sustainable long - term price level from the Oxford Energy Forum , Issue 62 ( August , 2005 ) .
In all , market behaviour this decade has been enough to make it clear what the correct level of oil prices is not , and in particular it has shown that there was nothing magical about the environs of $ 20 .
However , that does not in itself help us to tell what the sustainable average level might prove to be .
Our view is the sustainable level of long - term prices is that which creates enough investment along the entire supply chain to maintain a reasonable degree of spare capacity , while also ensuring that producing countries are able to maintain some growth in employment and in per capita incomes .
That would argue for a long - term price of at least $ 50 , with higher prices needed into the medium term to allow for some catch - up , particularly in the downstream , from the last decade of the 1990s .
Prices can of course move to lower levels and indeed in some circumstances to much lower levels .
However , they would not be sustainable at those levels into the medium term .
Indeed , the real bull case for oil prices would be that we have a period of lower prices and compound the longer - term tightness in the fundamentals of the market .
The view of the sustainable price is of course largely a function of supply and demand responses .
Compared to the 1970s , it appears to us that the price elasticities of both supply [ Δ s ] and demand [ Δ d ] are significantly lower , that the income elasticity of demand is significantly higher .
In addition , the increase in the rate of decline of mature non-OPEC production has become a major force in blunting supply response ....
s
There are a couple of interesting observations & assumptions in this quoted passage .
First , Horsnell makes the assumption that there will be long - termprice .
Recent prices above $ 50 / barrel reflect the oil producers playing " catch - up " based on impoverished past levels of investment and long lead times .
This would imply that Δis low only in the .
Given sufficient investment in new supply , enough spare capacity will eventually be brought on - stream to result in a sustainable price of at least $ 50 / barrel .
Second , Horsnell believes that a lower price level issustainable because it would " compound " market tightness by lowering the assumed price elasticity of supply as explained above .
Cracks in the Facade
The US government 's top energy forecaster yesterday said it raised its estimate for world crude prices in 2010 by about 20 % to near $ 60 a barrel due to delays bringing new oil fields on line .
African producers like Angola and Nigeria and Latin American states like Brazil will be slower than initially projected in ramping up production from new projects , putting a squeeze on world supply , said Guy Caruso , administrator of the Energy Information Administration .
" It 's clearly going to take longer now to bring on the new supplies and to have an impact on price than we were thinking a year ago , " Caruso told reporters .
World crude oil prices are projected to average $ 57.47 a barrel in 2010 based on 2005 dollars , versus a year - ago estimate of $ 47.29 a barrel in 2004 dollars , he said .
" The front end of the curve is now much higher than we were thinking a year ago , " Caruso said .
" We were too ... optimistic of how fast the price would go down " due to new projects coming online , " Caruso said .
Although CERA remains steadfast , a bulwark against " peakist " pessimism , there are highly suggestive hints that the EIA and IEA are no longer sticking to their story about oil supply and prices .
From
Oil field delays mean higher 2010 crude prices published December 6 , 2006  Caruso 's remarks only make sense when considered as ato the consensus as described in the previous section .
There are the usual delays , bringing new capacity on - stream is not going as smoothly as predicted .
Therefore , estimates of future prices are starting to rise above those expressed in the standard narrative .
Remember , in this context , the current higher prices are the storm before the calm  the price elasticity of supply will increase , today 's higher prices will make increased supply capacity possible tomorrow .
Or , maybe not .
[ Update by Dave Cohen on 12/09/06 at 9:01 AM EDT ]
I have added the EIA oil price projections from Caruso 's presentation on December 5 , 2006 .
Click to enlarge
Then , there are the remarks provided by the IEA chief economist Fatih Birol , as quoted in Investment in Oil Exploration and Production --
An " Above Ground " Factor and further elaborated in the Globe & Mail 's Why Big Oil 's slick accounting does n't add up ( article purchase required ) .
Data compiled by the International Energy Agency show that investment in the oil - and - gas industry was $ 340 billion in 2005 , up 70 % from 2000 .
But cost inflation for goods and services used by the industry accounted for almost all of that increase , according to the IEA , the energy club of 26 of the world 's major industrial nations .
Adjusted for inflation , the oil industry 's investment increased by 5 % between 2000 and 2005 , the IEA , based in Paris , said ...
" That 's almost nothing ; it 's inadequate , " said Fatih Birol , the IEA 's chief economist and principal author of the agency 's latest annual World Economic Outlook ...
Mr. Birol , the IEA economist , said in an interview that he expects the oil industry 's production capacity will slightly outstrip demand through the end of this decade -- or by 1.3 million barrels a day [ mbd ] -- " if all the projects see the light of day . "
Even then , when added to current spare oil - production capacity of roughly two million barrels a day , the total reserve of 3.3 million barrels a day still would be well short of the five million barrels a day needed to put the world into the comfort zone , he said .
WTI crude is likely to remain above $ 50 / barrel for the next few years as spare production capacity remains tight and oil companies battle for access to upstream reserves , the IEA 's chief economist Fatih Birol said Tuesday .
" We do not expect prices will come down ( below ) $ 50 / barrel in WTI terms , " Birol told an industry conference in London .
" We would like to see prices lower than that , " he said , but " it would be a surprising trend if we see prices lower than $ 50 in the next few years . "
s
The Sky's the Limit ?
My own view is that , for most of the past century , Dave 's inference is exactly correct -- the resource exhaustion was judged to be sufficiently far off as to be ignored .
However , unlike those whom Dave terms the Cornucopians , I do not infer that the next decade will necessarily be like the previous century .
Certainly declining production from U.S. oil reservoirs set in long ago .
And if one asks , why are we counting on seemingly geopolitically unreliable sources such as Iraq , Nigeria , Angola , Venezuela , and Russia for future supplies , and transferring vast sums of wealth to countries that are covertly or openly hostile to our interests , the answer appears to me to be , because we have no choice .
Resource scarcity in this sense has already been with us for some time , and sooner or later the geological realities that governed U.S. oil production are also going to rule the day for the rest of the world 's oil producing countries .
My expectation has accordingly been that , although scarcity rents for oil were irrelevant for most of my father 's lifetime , they would start to become manifest some time within mine .
And I have been very interested in the question of when ...
To be sure , there are some facts that fit a bit messily into that picture .
One is that , over the last several years , oil futures prices have exhibited backwardation at some horizons .
This is less dramatic now that it was a year ago , with the six - year - ahead contract price of $ 64 a barrel now above the current $ 59 1 - month - ahead price [ on October 24 , 2006 ] .
It is not obvious how to reconcile the behavior of futures prices over the last several years with a scarcity - rent explanation , though possibilities to investigate might be option valuation , adjustment costs , or hedging or other risk premia .
A separate set of doubts of course arise from the dramatic plunge in oil prices over the last few months , which at a minimum must reflect either some substantial new information about the long - run fundamentals or else confirm that some factors other than scarcity rent have been contributing to the oil price peak of the last year .
Investment has failed us .
The new supply will not be there .
And the oil price ?
From Platts '
WTI likely to stay above $ 50 for ' next few years ' : IEA official
As you can see , both IEA and the EIA are singing the same song , a tune that does n't match the standard price narrative anymore butconsistent with a very low ( < 1 ) value for Δ , theof a scarce resource  conventional oil .
Oh , do n't worry , though , things will work out .
Thehas merely been delayed .
With this background , let us re-investigate the scarcity rent hypothesis for oil and make some overly bold predictions about future oil prices .
It is worthwhile to quote Dr. Hamilton again , at some length .
Addressing Hamilton 's second point , the dramatic plunge in oil prices appears to be over .
Clearly , other factors , such as the geopolitical risk premium which pushed the oil up to $ 78 / barrel last summer , have contributed to the price .
As to the fundamentals , the only new information we have at present is that supply capacity will remain tight in the foreseeable future  this is now admitted by the EIA and the IEA .
On the other side of the equilibrium curve , demand is still robust and growing .
Therefore , the oil price must rise over time .
Hamilton 's first point concerns backwardation in the oil market ie .
the state where the current front - month spot price exceeds oil futures prices further out in time .
The opposite is contango , which is the current state of things as shown in Figure 5 below .
Futures Prices ( $ / barrel ) on December 5th
Figure 5
Based on a hypothesis of Jeff Vail , Professor Goose wrote about Peak Oil Contango ? in March of this year .
... According to economic theorists , backwardation is not normal , and is suggestive of supply insufficiency .
For some time now , crude oil markets have been in backwardation .
Normally when a market switches from temporary backwardation back to contango , it is a result of the short - term supply problem that caused backwardation being resolved -- that is , the spot price decreases .
The interesting point from a Peak Oil perspective is this : a shift in fundamentals , such as a steady decline in world oil production , will make the commodity increasingly expensive in the future and will cause a market in backwardation to shift to contango without a decline in the spot price .
i+1
i
Backwardation suggests a temporary supply deficit which moves the oil spot price above the futures spread .
When the shortfall is resolved , the spot price falls and the backwardation condition disappears .
As Hamilton notes , the scarcity rent hypothesis implies that the futures prices should always be in contango as they are now .
According to the Hotelling rule , the oil 's future valueshould equal it 's present value at + the rate of interest .
Have the oil markets moved into contango without a concomitant drop in the oil price ?
According to Bassam Fattouh 's Contango Lessons , an interesting thing has happened in the last 18 months .
However , one striking feature in the current market has been the prolonged contango in the WTI forward curve .
Figure 1 below shows that during the last 18 months or so , the nearby ( delivery ) futures contracts have been trading at a discount to the second month futures contract .
First Month Forward minus Second Month Forward
Figure 6  Click to enlarge
Fattouh goes on to say 
Various explanations have been put forward to explain the current contango in crude oil markets .
Advocates of the peak oil hypothesis consider that the current transition from backwardation to contango is due to a greater acceptance by market participants of peak oil .
Simplifying greatly , peak oil theory predicts that oil production will reach a peak some time in the very new future after which production would start to decline .
In the face of an expected growth in global demand , this implies that oil prices for future delivery should rise faster than prompt prices .
This would imply a contango structure with the contango widening at the later segments of the forward curve as impending shortages become more acute ahead in the future .
However , this implication is not supported by the data : the term structure of futures contracts for long term maturities is in backwardation and the volume of outstanding contracts is relatively low which indicates that investors place little weight on peak oil predictions .
After all , if market participants adhere to the view of peak oil , then they would have the opportunity to make large profits by buying the longest maturity crude oil futures contract that the market allows .
Conclusions
While it can certainly be acknowledged that investors have placed " little weight on peak oil predictions " in the past , perhaps they are starting to do so now .
Indeed , in September , when Fattouh 's analysis was done  during the midst of the recent sharp price dip  longer term futures were in backwardation .
However , they are now in contango ( ) and the oil price has risen since mid-November .
This behaviour is consistent with the peak oil view as laid out by Professor Goose .
Needless to say , Fattouh 's own data show that the second month forward has been in contango for quite some time .
We should bear in mind that using a( discussed in [ 2 ] ) to predict the future spot price has large associated uncertainties , as we would expect .
Whether afor oil is now part of its price is unknown at this time .
Like the peak itself , an explanation along these lines can only be offered in retrospect .
Also , nothing I 've said here precludes future incremental supply increases before the peak of production .
The price rises of the last 5 years have taken place outside any major oil shocks , though there have certainly been significant " above ground " disruptions as in Iraq or Nigeria .
The expected large new investment in the oil supply has not yet occurred .
The EIA and the IEA are now starting to acknowledge supply inelasticity as the oil price rises .
According to any reasonable interpretation of the fundmentals at this time , there appears to be no reason why the future price of oil should not climb and climb .
Despite great short - term volatility , which is really only an indicator of spare capacity tightness in the market , no persuasive evidence exists so far that the price rise since early 2002 will not be a permanent feature of the world we live in .
As to next year 's price , I believe the upward trend will continue as it has unless a major geopolitical event or a severe global economic downturn throws us into uncharted water .
Dave Cohen
Senior Contributor
The Oil Drum
davec @ linkvoyager.com
December 14 , 2005
A large percentage of the energy released when petroleum is burned disappears out the exhaust system as heat .
This has always been the case but the amount of energy released looks set to be cut by more than 80 % thanks to a new system devised by BMW .
BMW ’s announcement of the new technology is somewhat of a technological bombshell as it adds yet another form of hybrid automobile – a turbosteamer .
The concept uses energy from the exhaust gasses of the traditional Internal Combustion Engine ( ICE ) to power a steam engine which also contributes power to the automobile – an overall 15 per cent improvement for the combined drive system .
Even bigger news is that the drive has been designed so that it can be installed in existing model series – meaning that every model in the BMW range could become 15 % more efficient overnight if the company chose to make the reduced consumption accessible to as many people as possible .
Combining the innovative assistance drive with a 1.8 litre BMW four - cylinder engine on the test rig reduced consumption by up to 15 percent and generated 10 kilowatts more power and 20 Nm more torque .
This increased power and efficiency comes for , well , … nothing .
The energy is extracted exclusively from the heat in the exhaust gases and cooling water so it is essentially a quantum leap in efficiency .
The Turbosteamer is based on the same principle of the steam engine : liquid is heated to form steam in two circuits and this is used to power the engine .
The primary energy supplier is the high - temperature circuit which uses exhaust heat from the internal combustion engine as an energy source via heat exchangers .
More than 80 percent of the heat energy contained in the exhaust gases is recycled using this technology .
The steam is then conducted directly into an expansion unit linked to the crankshaft of the internal combustion engine .
Most of the remaining residual heat is absorbed by the cooling circuit of the engine , which acts as the second energy supply for the Turbosteamer .
The development of the assistance drive has reached the phase involving comprehensive tests on the test rig .
The components for this drive have been designed so that they are capable of being installed in existing model series .
Tests have been carried out on a number of sample packages to ensure that the BMW 3 Series provides adequate space .
The engine compartment of a four - cylinder model offers enough space to allow the expansion units to be accommodated .
Ongoing development of the concept is focusing initially on making the components simpler and smaller .
The long - term development goal is to have a system capable of volume production within ten years .
“ This project resolves the apparent contradiction between consumption and emission reductions on one hand , and performance and agility on the other , ” commented Professor Burkhard Göschel .
The trick is telling the difference between the superstars and the maybes , because the secret is that you do n’t want to hire any of the maybes .
Ever .
Never say : Maybe , I ca n’t tell .
If you ca n’t tell , that means No Hire
Please take 15 minutes to read The Guerrilla Guide to Interviewing ( version 3.0 ) , I 'll wait for you ( if you really want , you can stop at the following citation ) : OK , you 're back .
Good .
Dis you finish the article ?
Or did you stop at the above quote .
AFAIC this quote at about one third of the article stopped me short in reading it .
Do n't get me wrong : I have long thought Joel to be the greatest writer in Software Development .
Had that opinion for years .
And to be honest he still remains a great writer , being able to write long interesting essays with a good dose of humor .
And is n't some sort of humor always a requirement to finish long articles ?
A lot of my experience in writing software was gained by reading his blog .
Let me e.g. refer you to unprecedented and timeless articles like The Joel Test and The Absolute Minimum Every Software Developer Absolutely , Positively Must Know About Unicode and Character Sets ( No Excuses ! ) , which are among the best advise you can ever get as a developer .
Just like any other article he wrote up until maybe a year ago .
But lately , well .. it seems he just keeps bashing the people below the top 1 - 2 % of us , Software Developers , so much , that I think it 's more than is fair towards the vast majority of us .
Would n't you say that the uber obvious problem with this statement would be the following :
How on earth is is possible to discern between the top 2 % and the rest ( BEING THE OTHER 98 % OF SOFTWARE DEVELOPERS , OR : ALMOST ALL OF US , EXCEPT FOR THE ONES THAT CAN COMPARE TO PEOPLE LIKE LINUS HIMSELF ? ) .
Sorry for screaming , but this message must get out .
Looking around me , it is absolutely nonsense to say that almost all software developers around here ( the Netherlands , but probably the same elsewhere ) are not worth their salt .
Let me assert immediately that it's a difficult journey to acquire a new hire that 's a good fit for a certain company .
But the developer that does n't fit the big corporate IT supplier might be a really big superstar at a small local shop or some small company selling , let 's say , mortar and bricks .
Mostly a matter of different personalities , it 's the difference between the person that wants a fast car , phone , laptop and lots of other fast technology around him , and the one who is more into established technology .
Maybe he likes .
NET 1.1 more because it 's proven technology ( although he 's still missing out on the .NET 2.0 stuff , but he will find out in time ) .
One of them on average will be more interested in the latest and greatest technologies ( ASP.
NET 2.0 , AJAX , SharePoint Whatever ) , while the other one has a VB background and is getting up to speed with .NET lately .
They 're both equally good programmers , just living in different niches .
Most of the time these guys know themselves a bit , so you wo n't find the suit showing up at the mortar - and - bricks company job interview .
An important point to make is that a new hire has to fit in the group of fellow programmers , designers , project leads and other people he has to cooperate with .
You 're a hotshot thinking you 're the best of the world ?
You know , maybe you 're even right , and you DO write lisp compilers for fun , in a weekend , in Assembler for the Nintendo DS ( quote from the article ) .
But even then , you 're not writing lisp compilers at my company , but e.g. online ordering catalogs for the mortar - and - brick company .
And we have a broken page which has to be fixed within an hour .
Sales says there 's an estimated loss of 5 K an hour ( hey , we 're not that big ) , because it happens to be the credentials page of the shopping basket , which probably received an unknown update of some kind .
Do you fix the page , or are you dreaming away in assembly thinking about your new date ?
Hello , right now there 's 5 people pushing the check - out button , but nothing happens on their screen .
One 's already firing up Google and enters mortar brick company NYC as the search string .
Do you want that to happen ?
Allow me to draw a simple analogy : there 's lots of talk about The Long Tail nowadays .
The long tail in internet terms means that for example a staggering small number of weblogs are receiving an overwhelming majority of attention .
This is even strengthened by the fact that once a blog starts receiving some attention a snowballing effect can take place : more and more people are linking to this blogger , he gets more Google Juice , etc.etc .
Even my ( nation - wide ) newspaper recently ran an article about it , meaning my wife and parents might have encountered the term and understand its meaning .
The long tail * also * means that books for which there was no market some years ago .
This means people fixated on the top X ( 2 ??..!!) percent of books , which just generated the highest market share ; while there 's so much interesting material that 's worth a read .
It was just more profitable to market only heavy selling books .
But not anymore .
Now you can order any book you can dream of at Amazon , if if they do n't have , someone can probably sell you a second hand copy .
And : Well , to be honest , if you have doubts about someone , of course you do n't hire .
But that probably has a lot more to do with personalities than that person being a Top Coder .
The moment you have doubts is long past the point that you have decided that this person is at least a decent programmer , who could be reasonably productive at your company .
Doubts are about personalities fitting in groups , not about someones technical abilities .
So , concluding ( yes , I do n't like to waste your time too much , just want to get a message through ) : do n't fall for the trap that only 1 % of all programmers is interesting enough to hire .
It 's just bare nonsense .
Apart from that fact , even if it would be clear to anyone who is the top gun programmer , they would be hired away by the biggest firms without a doubt , and you ( mortar and brick man , small local consultant ) would be looking at them from the back ... Just my 2 cents , jump in if you like .
For now , please let me finish the article now :-)
OK , have just read the remainder ( before posting , so this is not an post edit ) .
Joel talks about passion , which is a very important thing for a software developer to my opinion .
He also mentions the fact that a Ph.D. title without a Getting Things Done mentality is a bad sign .
While these are all good points , my criticism of his 2 % Top Devs = OK , 98 % = CRAP stands firm to my opinion .
It 's just so been - there - done - that .
November 12th , 2009 edited by ana
Article submitted by ERSEK Laszlo .
DebADay needs you more than ever !
Please submit good articles about software you like !
lbzip2 is a multi - threaded bzip2 compressor / decompressor utility that can be used on its own , in pipelines , or passed to GNU tar with the –use - compress - program option ( or with the –use shorthand ) .
The main motivation for writing lbzip2 was that I did n’t know about any parallel bzip2 decompressor that would exercise multiple cores on a single - stream bz2 file ( i.e. the output of a single bzip2 run ) and / or on a file read from a non-seekable source ( e.g. a pipe or socket ) .
Thus lbzip2 started out as lbunzip2 , but with time it gained multiple - workers compression and single - worker decompression features .
Due to the input - bound splitter of its multiple - workers decompressor , it should scale well to many cores even when decompressing .
Target audience
Originally , the target audience for lbzip2 was experienced users and system administrators : up to version 0.15 , lbzip2 deliberately worked only as a filter .
Now at 0.17 , lbzip2 is mostly command line compatible with bzip2 , except it does n’t remove or overwrite files it did n’t create .
If lbzip2 will have a chance to enter the Debian alternatives system , as an alternative for bzip2 , I ’ll add this feature .
In any case , you are encouraged always to verify lbzip2 ’s output manually before ( or instead of automatically ) removing its input , both when compressing and when decompressing .
I also recommend perusing the README , installed as /usr / share / doc / lbzip2/ README.gz on Debian , before switching over to lbzip2 eventually .
Usage examples
As lbzip2 was chiefly created for speeding up decompression of single - stream bz2 files and / or for speeding up decompression from a pipe , I ’ll provide examples of decompression first .
Basically all free software tarballs should be available on the net as tar .
bz2 files , I ’ll choose ( not surprisingly ) a kernel tarball .
The “ traditional ” method :
wget \
http://www.kernel.org/pub/linux/kernel/v2.6/linux-2.6.31.1.tar.bz2 tar --use=lbzip2 -x -f linux -2.6.31.1.tar.bz2
The overlapped method :
wget - O - \ http://www.kernel.org/pub/linux/kernel/v2.6/linux-2.6.31.1.tar.bz2 \ | tee -i linux - 2.6.31.1.tar.bz2 \ | tar --use=lbzip2 -x
If wget fails to download the tarball for some reason ( at which point at least tar will complain ) , you should remove the partially decompressed tree and fall back to the traditional method .
To avoid losing the already downloaded part , pass -c to wget .
Another example might be the import of a Wikimedia Dump file , perhaps with a pipeline like this :
lbzip2 -d < enwiki-latest-pages-articles.xml.bz2 \ | php importDump.php
Finally , a compression / backup example with verification at the end :
tar -- format=pax --use=lbzip2 - c -f tree.tar.bz2 tree tar --use=lbzip2 --compare -f tree.tar.bz2 -v -v
Hypothetically , with lbzip2 as the configured bzip2 alternative , we should be able to replace –use=lbzip2 with the well - known -j GNU tar option .
Comparison with other bzip2 utilities
I posted a longish mail with feature analyses and performance measurements to the debian - mentors maling list .
To reiterate what I said there : fundamentally , lbzip2 was created to fill a performance gap left by pbzip2 .
After working on lbzip2 for a while , I found out that p7zip does in parallel the decompression of single - stream bz2 files , but ( the last time I checked ) it could n’t scale above four threads , and it refused to read bz2 files from a pipe .
Bzip2 compression and decompression performance is very sensitive to the cache size that is dedicated to a single worker thread ( i.e. a single CPU core ) .
To my limited knowledge , this implies that among commodity desktops , lbzip2 performs best on multi-core AMD processors .
lbzip2 does have shortcomings .
They are either inherent in the design or I deem then unimportant .
I tried to document them all .
Please read the debian - mentors post linked above , the README file , and the manual page .
As said above , I did n’t originally intend lbzip2 as a drop - in replacement for bzip2 .
Even though it is almost there now , you should nonetheless get to know it thoroughly before deciding to switch over to it .
Availability
Various versions of lbzip2 are available for Debian ( squeeze and sid ) and Ubuntu ( karmic and lucid ) .
You should be able to install lbzip2 on lenny too ; it should n’t break anything .
I used the following commands :
cat >>/etc/apt/sources.list
<< EOT deb http://security.debian.org/
testing / updates main deb
http://ftp.hu.debian.org/debian/ testing main EOT apt - get update apt - get install lbzip2
Upstream releases are announced on the project ’s Freshmeat page .
I distribute the upstream version to end - users from my recently moved home page , which also links to other distributions ’ lbzip2 packages .
A development library version is very unlikely .
You can work around this by communicating with an lbzip2 child process over pipes via select ( ) , and by checking its exit status via waitpid ( ) after receiving EOF .
This is not an unusual method ; see , for example , gpg ’s many – [ ^-]*- fd options .
End-user stress - testing
I encourage you to test lbzip2 .
The upstream README describes the test method in general ; let me instantiate that description here specifically for Debian .
Necessary packages , in alphabetical order :
bzip2
dash
gcc
lbzip2
perl
Recommended packages , in alphabetical order :
p7zip-full
pbzip2
Create a test directory ( you will need lots of free space under that directory ) , and under it a well - compressible big file .
For example :
mkdir -m 700 - v -- " $ TMPDIR " / testdir tar - c - v -f " $ TMPDIR " /testdir/testfile.tar /usr/bin/ /usr/lib/
Then issue the following commands , utilizing the test file created above .
As this could take several hours , I suggest entering a screen session first .
Your machine should be otherwise unloaded during the test , both IO - and CPU - wise .
cd /usr / share / lbzip2 dash test.sh " $ TMPDIR " /testdir/testfile.tar
Any errors encountered during the test should be either handled or fatally rejected .
In particular , utilities refusing to decompress from a pipe are handled .
Estimated disk space usage : when writing this article , I executed the above commands with a 100 MB test file .
( You should aim at least at 1 GB . )
The test directory ended up being 250 MB in size .
M stands for 220 , G stands for 230 .
Estimated time span : supposing
your machine has N cores ( each with a dedicated L2
cache ) ,
cores ( each with a dedicated L2 cache ) , the file you use for testing lbzip2 is S GB big ,
GB big , and bzip2 takes T seconds to compress a 1 GB test file with similar contents ,
then the full test should take around
S * ( 1879 + 2098 * 2 / N ) * T / 240
seconds .
Estimated peak memory usage : N * 50 MB should be a very safe bet .
To view the test report :
less -- " $ TMPDIR " /testdir/results / report
The only obscure entries in the table should be the “ ws ” ones .
They mean “ workers stalled ” and give a percentage of how many times the ( de ) compressor worker threads tried to start munching a block but had to go to sleep because there was no block to munch .
Anything above 1 - 2 % usually implies some bottleneck and shows that lbzip2 could n’t fully exhaust your cores .
This should n’t occur , but if it does and lbzip2 and pbzip2 have performed similarly in the compression tests , then the bottleneck is in your system , not lbzip2 .
The lzip2 package has been available .
By Steve Schifferes
Economics reporter , BBC News , Bangalore
GLOBALISATION SERIES
A series on India 's world class IT outsourcing industry Next week : Premji interview Next month : Detroit 's decline
Bangalore Photo Journal
They are journalists employed by the world 's biggest news agency , Reuters .
Their job is to cover US financial news .
And they are working overnight so that they can report company news live as it happens on the New York Stock Exchange - from India .
Cost savings
But why in the world is Reuters covering Wall Street from Bangalore ?
In a word : salaries .
These Indian financial journalists can be employed by Reuters for a fraction of the cost of employing a journalist at their New York office .
Reuters Editor - in - Chief , David Schlesinger , says that the move meant that they could broaden their coverage of US companies without incurring crippling costs .
Whatever the risks and benefits , outsourcing is here to stay .
World Association of Newspapers
He was able to hire 100 new journalists in Bangalore without in any way reducing the size of his New York office .
" Now we can send our New York journalists out to do more interesting stories .
This is good for our business and good for journalism , " he told the BBC .
And some other wire services are now following Reuters ' lead and beating a path to Bangalore , according to local journalists .
But Mr Schlesinger insists that this is not outsourcing .
" Bangalore is a Reuters bureau like any other in the world .
And Reuters journalists there work to the standards as Reuters journalists anywhere . "
Internet journalism
Such a system has only recently become feasible - as a result of the internet .
Getting ready for the working day in the Bangalore newsroom
Most US companies now put out their press releases on the internet , and they all use financial PR firms to release their profit figures just as the stock market opens .
So Reuters journalists in Bangalore can access the same basic information - in the same time frame - as their colleagues in New York .
And the reduced cost of telecommunications links means that the news written in Bangalore can be sent around the world as quickly as the news written in New York - of key importance for a wire service , which depends on speed for its competitive advantage .
Reuters already knew about the data transmission capability of India .
In 2004 , two years after it first established a corporate presence here , it moved its IT database operations to Bangalore .
It now employs 1,500 people to make sure that its clients receive the millions of bits of financial data it transmits every day .
Dateline : India
But , nevertheless , Reuters was taking a big gamble in trying to source its company news from India , as Abi Sekimitsu , the Reuters editor assigned to run the Bangalore office , explains .
Bangalore bureau chief Abi Sekimitsu has seen staff leave
" The Reuters brand is a strong one .
There is no shortage of talented journalists here , but we need to train them up carefully to make sure they understand our values , " she says .
But she stresses the journalists she employs are now eager to expand the range of stories they do , and have already moved from just doing headlines and summaries to writing more complex stories .
The Reuters journalists working in Bangalore do find some aspects of the job intimidating .
For Ankur Relia , covering the New York financial markets has taken some getting used to .
Ankur Relia writes 20 company news stories a day
He writes up to 20 brief stories a day reporting briefly on US company results .
But he is happy to defer to the New York office if a more complicated story involving a major US company passes his way .
To maintain their exacting standards , Reuters has recently created a new post in the Bangalore office - an additional training editor .
And they have hired a former Bloomberg employee and CNBC TV presenter , Kavita Chandran , on a two - year assignment .
Kavita , an Indian national , had been working for Bloomberg in New York .
She says it has been hard to adjust to coming back to Bangalore - but it is a very exciting time .
" We have a bright , enthusiastic young staff , who are eager to learn about US markets .
" I encourage them to read the NY Times and Wall St Journal online every day . "
But she finds there are some cultural differences between work styles in the US and India that need tackling .
" Indian culture is much more laid - back and the work ethic is different .
We need to install a sense of urgency , especially for breaking news , and ensure crisp and accurate copy . "
" My role is really to clear up the cultural misunderstandings , " she says .
" Being Indian , but having worked for more than 10 years in New York , I can spot the difficulties in communication and language between the two offices . "
Turnover problems
However , the biggest problem that Reuters is facing in Bangalore is something they did not expect - turnover .
GLOSSARY Outsourcing : Moving company functions from internal departments to external firms Offshoring : Relocating corporate activities overseas .
Nearshoring : Relocating offshore activities nearer the client 's home country BPO : Business processing outsourcing - moving white collar tasks like accounting or invoicing .
to an external firm Captive firms : Companies owned by foreign multinationals who perform outsourcing services for the parent firm UK call centres / US contact centers : Offices where workers provide telephone customer services like sales
Despite paying above the going rate for journalists , the turnover of staff in Bangalore is high compared with other Reuters offices .
" I am a Reuters lifer , " Ms Sekimitsu told the BBC .
" When I joined Reuters in Hong Kong , I planned to make my career in the firm .
But some of the young journalists I am employing seem to think that a year is a long time to work for one company . "
It 's not just competition from rivals that have caused the problem .
India 's economic boom - and the deregulation of television - has led to an explosion in financial journalism , with six financial news channels on cable TV .
And salaries of financial journalists on newspapers are rising as well .
With many financial journalists attracted to working in Mumbai , India 's financial capital , Reuters is finding it increasingly difficult to retain its staff .
Newspaper outsourcing
Reuters ' Bangalore operation is only one example of a broader trend in outsourcing by media organisations .
Many American newspapers , facing severe cost pressures , are looking to outsource many of their key functions to India .
Recent moves have included :
Columbus Dispatch : Ohio newspaper outsourced 90 jobs in advertising design to Affinity Express in Pune , India
: Ohio newspaper outsourced 90 jobs in advertising design to Affinity Express in Pune , India Dallas Morning News : IT computer support outsourced to India
: IT computer support outsourced to India Knight Ridder Group : Considered outsourcing its copy editing to India in 2006 , before being taken over by McClatchy
According to the World Association of Newspapers , the trend is gathering strength .
In a report published last year , the organisation said that " whatever the risks and benefits , outsourcing is here to stay " .
" The newspaper industry has only taken tentative steps into outsourcing what was once considered core competencies such as editorial , advertising , and circulation .
But the trend is gaining momentum , " it added .
And the BBC too
And it is not just newspapers that are taking advantage of the cost savings of outsourcing to India .
The BBC recently announced that it would save £ 20 m by outsourcing its payroll and expenses services to Xansa , based in Madras , India , although customer support would still be based in the UK .
Savings will go towards the BBC 's target of releasing £ 355 m of savings to invest in programmes and services .
" The BBC is taking advantage of the significant savings of globalisation while maintaining the benefits of more local customer support , " the corporation said .
Tags
Nothing gets me more upset than when someone brings up an argument supporting minimum wage legislation .
It 's not that I can't counter the argument ; it 's just that it takes some time to do .
So , once and for all , I 'm going to target the main motivation for minimum wage advocates in academia : politics .
Minimum wage is one of the only subjects nearly all economists agree upon .
Quite simply , to believe in the merit of minimum wage laws is to misconstrue the fundamental claims of economics .
The exceptions are economists who are willing to throw out science in defense of the policy positions of political figures .
Such is the case with Joseph Stiglitz , who was the chairman of the Council of Economic Advisors from 1995 to 1997 , served as VP at the World Bank , and now teaches at Columbia University .
His name often comes up during minimum wage battles .
He is cited as a case of a real economist who has seen the light and realized that modest increases in wage floors can do great good .
But students of economics do n't have to look far to see that the circumstances behind his change of mind were highly suspect .
In his 1993 book , Economics , Stiglitz denounces the minimum wage .
He goes even further than most economists .
A writer could simply talk about the effects of price floors relating them to minimum wage without making value judgments or mentioning circumstances on a larger scale , but Stiglitz 's pulls no punches :
" Price floors have predictable effects too… .
If government attempts to raise the minimum wage higher than the equilibrium wage , the demand for workers will be reduced and the supply increased .
There will be an excess supply of labor .
Of course , those who are lucky enough to get a job will be better off at the higher wage than at the market equilibrium wage ; but there are others , who might have been employed at the lower market equilibrium wage , who cannot find employment and are worse off . "
In the above passage , Stiglitz clearly indicates that he has knowledge of unemployment caused by minimum wage and a basic understanding of price floors .
But now he continues , " In addition , a higher minimum wage does not seem a particularly useful way to help the poor . "
Also : " Thus , the minimum wage is not a good way of trying to deal with problems of poverty . "
Joseph Stiglitz 's views are pretty clear in his book .
But they quickly changed when he got a new job as Chief Economic Adviser ( CEA ) for the Clinton administration .
Stiglitz and the rest of Clinton 's economic advisers suddenly signed up as supporters of the minimum wage .
How does a person go from writing a textbook denouncing minimum wage to outright support of a policy ?
Politics .
In the April 12 , 1996 edition of the Wall Street Journal , Stiglitz is exposed in the article " Stiglitz v. Clinton . "
The editorial pointed out the same textbook passages as I have and asks the same questions about his sudden change in economic principles .
Stiglitz answered this editorial with another article of his own , titled , " I changed my mind .
What 's the big deal ? "
In his defense , Stiglitz refers the reader back to his textbook , where he says that with differences in the elasticity of the demand and supply curve , minimum wage will cause more or less unemployment .
This is true .
Stiglitz does mention this in his textbook .
Here 's something else he says in his textbook ( but leaves out of his later article ) :
" Most poor people earn more than minimum wage when they are working ; their problem is not low wages .
The problem comes when they are not working . "
Notice that he does n't even say that unemployment is a greater problem than low wages .
He says , " their problem is not low wages . "
Even if elasticity causes only a little unemployment , Stiglitz 's original comment stands .
Unemployment is the problem , not wages .
If unemployment is the real problem why would he lend is his support to a policy that will only increase it ?
Minimum wage is a great political tool for politicians .
The minimum wage promises that wages will go up without any negative effects .
To the common person , this seems like a great idea .
Then you can back up your idea with respected economists such as Stiglitz to seal the deal and get votes from interest groups .
Stiglitz used the same arguments in his response letter in the Wall Street Journal .
He said , " For example 101 leading economists , including Nobel Prize–winners Kenneth Arrow , Lawrence Klein , and James Tobin , signed a letter last year supporting President Clinton 's proposed increase in the minimum wage from $ 4.25 to $ 5.15 per hour . "
He went on to describe these signatories as " distinguished and disinterested academics . "
Clinton defended raising the minimum wage by saying that his CEA supported it .
Then his CEA defended the policy by saying that some other economists supported it .
Something really strange was going on here .
Why not just explain the economics ?
A list of people who say something is a good idea does not prove that it is a good idea .
I can find plenty of quotes from early 20th - century academics in support of the policies of Hitler , Mussolini , and Stalin .
My list would be a lot longer than Stiglitz's .
For something to make sense it must be logical and backed by credible evidence .
Why did n't Stiglitz use this approach ?
Because he surely knew that he was wrong .
If he did n't know he was wrong , he might have consulted Murray Rothbardor looked at almost any microeconomics textbook ( e.g. , his own ) .
At the very beginning of his response Stiglitz wrote , " Economic research on the minimum wage continues ( fortunately ) to progress .
More insightful theories and new empirical studies … "
I wish Stiglitz had told us what studies he is referring to .
Once again , he remained vague .
His language was perfect to fool those uneducated in economics .
How can someone argue with unstated new evidence that has changed a " great " economist 's mind ?
How do these few economists prove that minimum wage actually works ?
One option is setting up unrealistic models of monopsony where only one employer is present .
Walter Block and Bill Barnett refute this theory in " An Austrian Critique of Neo-Classical Monopsony Theory , " available here in PDF .
The second option is to attempt to find convoluted data from a specific place at a specific point in time .
With over 70 years of minimum wage data in the United States , one can find instances where , for other economic reasons , employment did not decrease or did not decrease significantly .
For example , you pick New Jersey 's raise in minimum wage as your study .
Then you pick the late 1990s — an era of economic boom .
Next you decide only to study fast food restaurant workers .
You do n't separate teenagers with less productivity from adults with more experience and higher productivity .
Finally , you do n't use employment data of the fast food restaurants themselves but instead choose to use labor department statistics .
This is the style of recent minimum wage advocates , Card and Krueger .
With this sort of process , it is not hard to imagine that you will find strange results .
Another tactic : ignore seventy years of evidence to the contrary .
( For more on the real long term effects of minimum wage legislation , The State Against Blacks is a fabulous , short , and to - the - point book by Walter Williams . )
If one truly wants to prove that minimum wage works to help the poor , using data like Card and Krueger is a good first step .
But why would " distinguished and disinterested academics " possibly use such an illogical and unscientific method of examining a problem ?
I think the answer is quite obvious by now : politics .
Some of the other writers get even dumber .
One economist said that a higher minimum wage increases the incentive to work .
Therefore , the minimum wage law is great !
Either this person has a political agenda or his degree should be revoked .
I have a great incentive to get a job that pays a million dollars an hour but guess what ?
I can't find one .
And even if I find a job like that , they probably would n't hire me .
Joseph Stiglitz is like the rest , a man of his times .
Fortunately for him , the public and politicians demand sugar - coated antidotes for poverty .
Presidents like Bill Clinton are more than happy to meet that demand with a plentiful supply of people willing to bury science for political reasons .
Politicians know that the average voter wo n't look up the sources of those backing their economic policies .
A simple economist who agrees , no matter how lame the argument , is sufficient for a political campaign .
Joseph Stiglitz ended his letter to the Wall Street Journal saying , " As a famous economic adviser to the British government apparently once said , ' When the circumstances change , I change my view .
What do you do ? '
The evidence on the minimum wage is an example of changing circumstances . "
Actually , the evidence is still the same .
There are still about 70 years of evidence on minimum wage against any attempt to warp the truth in favor of politics and power .
Stiglitz 's circumstances have changed ; the data has not .
Court proceedings were marked by frequent outbursts
HRW said " serious administrative , procedural and substantive legal defects " meant the 5 November trial for crimes against humanity was not fair .
The Iraqi government has dismissed the report , telling the BBC that the trial was both " just and fair " .
The ex-Iraqi leader has two weeks to lodge an appeal but his lawyer claims he has been blocked from doing so .
Appeal controversy
Chief defence lawyer Khalil al - Dulaimi told the BBC his team had been prevented from filing appeal papers .
Under Iraqi law it must be done within a month of sentencing .
We stand really by the court 's verdict , and we believe the trial was just and fair
Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari
Send us your comments
He said the appeal would be automatic because a death sentence had been passed - and that the relevant papers had been sent to the appeal court .
Mr al - Mousawi's claims that the trial was fair were echoed by Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari .
READ THE REPORT Human Rights
Watch report into Saddam Hussein 's trial ( 380 k )
Most computers will open PDF documents automatically , but you may need to download Adobe Acrobat Reader .
Download the reader here
" The procedure , I think , in the court , was witnessed by the whole world . "
" It was n't something done behind closed doors or through summary justice , as was the case during his rule .
And we stand really by the court 's verdict , and we believe the trial was just and fair . "
Historical record
Saddam Hussein and seven co-defendants all faced charges of crimes against humanity relating to the deaths of 148 people in the mainly Shia town of Dujail following an assassination attempt on the Iraqi leader in 1982 .
Judge Raouf Abdel Rahman replaced an earlier chief judge
Saddam Hussein is now being tried on a different set of charges relating to a military campaign against ethnic Kurds in the late 1980s , in which more than 180,000 people are alleged to have died .
The New York - based HRW group said the trials were among the most important since the Nazi trials in Nuremberg after World War II .
They " represent the first opportunity to create a historical record concerning some of the worst cases of human rights violations , and to begin the process of a methodical accounting of the policies and decisions that give rise to these events " , the report said .
The BBC's David Loyn in Baghdad says HRW 's disappointment is the greater because it considers the Iraqi court to have failed to take account of the international significance of this trial and the one currently under way .
Supporters of war crimes trials say that they can improve healing after conflict , our correspondent says , but like so much else in post - Saddam Iraq , his trial does not seem to have achieved that lofty ambition .
Lawyers murdered
HRW based its scathing assessment on extensive observation of court proceedings , and interviews with judges , prosecutors , defence lawyers and court administrators involved .
The imposition of the death penalty - an inherently cruel and inhumane punishment - in the wake of an unfair trial is indefensible
Human Rights Watch
The trial took just over one year to complete and was the first case brought before the Iraqi High Tribunal .
Proceedings were marked by frequent outbursts by both judges and defendants .
Three defence lawyers were murdered , three judges left the five - member panel and the original chief judge was replaced .
Defence lawyers boycotted proceedings but HRW said court - appointed counsel that took their place lacked adequate training in international law .
In addition , important documents were not given to defence lawyers in advance , no written transcript was kept and paperwork was lost , said HRW .
The defence was also prevented from cross-examining witnesses and the judges made asides that pre-judged Saddam Hussein .
' Indefensible penalty '
The US - led Coalition Provisional Authority decided that the Dujail trial would be held by an Iraqi court in Iraq , ruling out an international tribunal or a mixed Iraqi- international court under UN auspices , the HRW report said .
Three defence lawyers were murdered during the trial
Defence counsel come under criticism in the report for trying to use the court as a political platform .
Meanwhile , the Iraqi government was guilty of influencing the independence of the judges , the report said , to the extent that the first chief judge resigned .
" Under such circumstances the soundness of the verdict is questionable , " HRW concludes .
" In addition , the imposition of the death penalty - an inherently cruel and inhumane punishment - in the wake of an unfair trial is indefensible . "
In Martin Luther King Day address , Gore compares wiretapping of Americans to surveillance of King RAW STORY
Published : January 16 , 2006 Print This | Email This Update :
This speech has been corrected based on Gore 's actual remarks .
The original copy was the speech as it had been prepared
In an address delivered in Washington to multiple standing ovations , Vice President Al Gore repeatedly attacked the Bush Administration for the expansion of executive power -- the ability of the government to wiretap its own citizens without legal authority and kidnap Americans abroad .
His speech -- which compares the wiretapping of Martin Luther King to the broad surveillance now imposed on Americans by President Bush -- called on Congress to resume its oversight responsibilities , and enjoined Attorney General Alberto Gonzales to appoint a special prosecutor .
Gore was to be introduced by former Rep. Bob Barr , a Georgia Republican who has advocated for the constitutional right to privacy .
The full text of his speech follows .
Advertisement
Reuters summarizes the speech in an article here .
You can also watch video highlights of Gore 's remarks here .
# Congressman Barr and I have disagreed many times over the years , but we have joined together today with thousands of our fellow citizens - Democrats and Republicans alike - to express our shared concern that America 's Constitution is in grave danger .
In spite of our differences over ideology and politics , we are in strong agreement that the American values we hold most dear have been placed at serious risk by the unprecedented claims of the Administration to a truly breathtaking expansion of executive power .
As we begin this new year , the Executive Branch of our government has been caught eavesdropping on huge numbers of American citizens and has brazenly declared that it has the unilateral right to continue without regard to the established law enacted by Congress precisely to prevent such abuses .
It is imperative that respect for the rule of law be restored in our country .
And that is why many of us have come here to Constitution Hall to sound an alarm and call upon our fellow citizens to put aside partisan differences insofar as it is possible to do so and join with us in demanding that our Constitution be defended and preserved .
It is appropriate that we make this appeal on the day our nation has set aside to honor the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. , who challenged America to breathe new life into our oldest values by extending its promise to all of our people .
And on this particular Martin Luther King Day , it is especially important to recall that for the last several years of his life , Dr. King was illegally wiretapped - one of hundreds of thousands of Americans whose private communications were intercepted by the U.S. government during that period .
The FBI privately labeled King the " most dangerous and effective Negro leader in the country " and vowed to " take him off his pedestal . "
The government even attempted to destroy his marriage and tried to blackmail him into committing suicide .
This campaign continued until Dr. King 's murder .
The discovery that the FBI conducted this long - running and extensive campaign of secret electronic surveillance designed to infiltrate the inner workings of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference , and to learn the most intimate details of Dr. King 's life , was instrumental in helping to convince Congress to enact restrictions on wiretapping .
And one result was the Foreign Intelligence and Surveillance Act ( FISA ) , which was enacted expressly to ensure that foreign intelligence surveillance would be presented to an impartial judge to verify that there was indeed a sufficient cause for the surveillance .
It included ample flexibility and an ability for the executive to move with as much speed as the executive desired .
I voted for that law during my first term in Congress and for almost thirty years the system has proven a workable and valued means of affording a level of protection for American citizens , while permitting foreign surveillance to continue whenever it is necessary .
And yet , just one month ago , Americans awoke to the shocking news that in spite of this long settled law , the Executive Branch has been secretly spying on large numbers of Americans for the last four years and eavesdropping on , and I quote the report , " large volumes of telephone calls , e-mail messages , and other Internet traffic inside the United States . "
The New York Times reported that the President decided to launch this massive eavesdropping program " without search warrants or any new laws that would permit domestic intelligence collection . "
During the period when this eavesdropping was still secret , the President seemed to go out of his way to reassure the American people on more than one occasion that , of course , judicial permission is required for any government spying on American citizens and that , of course , these constitutional safeguards were still in place .
But surprisingly , the President 's soothing statements turned out to be false .
Moreover , as soon as this massive domestic spying program was uncovered by the press , the President not only confirmed that the story was true , but in the next breath declared that he has no intention stopping or of bringing these wholesale invasions of privacy to an end .
At present , we still have much to learn about the NSA 's domestic surveillance .
What we do know about this pervasive wiretapping virtually compels the conclusion that the President of the United States has been breaking the law repeatedly and insistently .
A president who breaks the law is a threat to the very structure of our government .
Our Founding
Fathers were adamant that they had established a government of laws and not men .
They recognized that the structure of government they had enshrined in our Constitution - our system of checks and balances - was designed with a central purpose of ensuring that it would govern through the rule of law .
As John Adams said : " The executive shall never exercise the legislative and judicial powers , or either of them , to the end that it may be a government of laws and not of men . "
An executive who arrogates to himself the power to ignore the legitimate legislative directives of the Congress or to act free of the check of the judiciary becomes the central threat that the Founders sought to nullify in the Constitution - an all - powerful executive too reminiscent of the King from whom they had broken free .
In the words of James Madison , " the accumulation of all powers , legislative , executive , and judiciary , in the same hands , whether of one , a few , or many , and whether hereditary , self - appointed , or elective , may justly be pronounced the very definition of tyranny . "
Thomas Paine , whose pamphlet , " On Common Sense " ignited the American Revolution , succinctly described America 's alternative .
Here , he said , we intended to make certain that , in his phrase , " the law is king . "
Vigilant adherence to the rule of law actually strengthens our democracy , of course , and strengthens America .
It ensures that those who govern us operate within our constitutional structure , which means that our democratic institutions play their indispensable role in shaping policy and determining the direction of our nation .
It means that the people of this nation ultimately determine its course and not executive officials operating in secret without constraint , under the rule of law .
And make no mistake , the rule of law makes us stronger by ensuring that decisions will be tested , studied , reviewed , and examined through the normal processes of government that are designed to improve policy , and avoid error .
And the knowledge that they will be reviewed prevents over - reaching and checks the accretion to power .
A commitment to openness , truthfulness , and accountability helps our country avoid many serious mistakes , that we would otherwise make .
Recently , for example , we learned from just declassified documents , after almost forty years , that the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution , which authorized the tragic Vietnam war , was actually based on false information .
And we now know that the decision by Congress to authorize the Iraq War , 38 years later , was also based on false information .
Now the point is that America would have been better off knowing the truth and avoiding both of these colossal mistakes in our history .
And that is the reason why following the rule of law makes us safer , not more vulnerable .
The President and I agree on one thing .
The threat from terrorism is all too real .
There is simply no question that we continue to face new challenges in the wake of the attack on September 11th and that we must be ever - vigilant in protecting our citizens from harm .
Where we disagree is on the proposition that we have to break the law or sacrifice our system of government in order to protect Americans from terrorism .
When in fact , doing so would make us weaker and more vulnerable .
And remember that once violated , the rule of law is itself in danger .
Unless stopped , lawlessness grows .
The greater the power of the executive grows , the more difficult it becomes for the other branches to perform their constitutional roles .
As the executive acts outside its constitutionally prescribed role and is able to control access to information that would expose its mistakes and reveal errors , it becomes increasingly difficult for the other branches to police its activities .
Once that ability is lost , democracy itself is threatened and we become a government of men and not laws .
The President 's men have minced words about America 's laws .
The Attorney General , for example , openly conceded that the " kind of surveillance " we now know they have been conducting does require a court order unless authorized by statute .
The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act self - evidently does not authorize what the NSA has been doing , and no one inside or outside the Administration claims that it does .
Incredibly , the Administration claims , instead , that the surveillance was implicitly authorized when Congress voted to use force against those who attacked us on September 11th .
But , this argument simply does not hold any water .
Without getting into the legal intricacies , it faces a number of embarrassing facts .
First , another admission by the Attorney General : he concedes that the Administration knew that the NSA project was prohibited by existing law and that is why they consulted with some members of Congress about the possibility of changing the statute .
Genl .
Gonzalez says that they were told by the members of congress consulted that this would probably not be possible .
And so they decided not to make the request .
So how can they now argue that the Authorization for the use of military force somehow implicitly authorized it all along ?
Indeed , when the Authorization was being debated , the Administration did in fact seek to have language inserted in it that would have authorized them to use military force domestically - and the Congress refused to agree .
Senator Ted Stevens and Representative Jim McGovern , among others , made clear statements during the debate on the floor of the house and the senate , respectively , clearly stating that that Authorization did not operate domestically .
And there is no assertion to the contrary .
When President Bush failed to convince Congress to give him the power he wanted when this measure was passed , he secretly assumed that power anyway , as if congressional authorization was a useless bother .
But as Justice Frankfurter once wrote : " To find authority so explicitly withheld is not merely to disregard in a particular instance the clear will of Congress .
It is to disrespect the whole legislative process and the constitutional division of authority between the President and the Congress . "
This is precisely the " disrespect " for the law that the Supreme Court struck down in the steel seizure case during the Korean War .
It is this same disrespect for America 's Constitution which has now brought our republic to the brink of a dangerous breach in the fabric of the Constitution .
And the disrespect embodied in these apparent mass violations of the law is part of a larger pattern of seeming indifference to the Constitution that is deeply troubling to millions of Americans in both political parties .
For example , as you know the President has also declared that he has a heretofore unrecognized inherent power to seize and imprison any American citizen that he alone determines to be a threat to our nation , and that , notwithstanding his American citizenship , that person imprisoned has no right to talk with a lawyer - even if he wants to argue that the President or his appointees have made a mistake and imprisoned the wrong person .
The President claims that he can imprison that American citizen -- any American Citizen he chooses -- indefinitely for the rest of his live without an even arrest warrant , without notifying them about what charges have been filed against them , without even informing their families that they have been imprisoned .
No such right exists in the America that you and I know and love .
It is foreign to our constitution .
It must be rejected .
At the same time , the Executive branch has also claimed a previously unrecognized authority to mistreat prisoners in its custody in ways that plainly constitute torture and have plainly constituted torture in a widespread pattern that has been extensively documented in U.S. facilities located in several countries around the world .
Over 100 of these captives have reportedly died while being tortured by Executive branch interrogators and many more have been broken and humiliated .
And , in the notorious Abu Ghraib prison , investigators who documented the pattern of torture estimated that more than 90 percent of the victims were completely innocent of any criminal charges whatsoever .
This is a shameful exercise of power that overturns a set of principles that our nation has observed since General George Washington first enunciated them during our Revolutionary War .
They have been observed by every president since then - until now .
They violate the Geneva Conventions and the International Convention Against Torture , and our own laws against torture .
The President has also claimed that he has the authority to kidnap individuals on the streets of foreign cities and deliver them for imprisonment and interrogation on our behalf by autocratic regimes in nations that are infamous for the cruelty of their techniques for torture .
Some of our traditional allies have been deeply shocked by these new , and uncharacteristic patterns on the part of Americans .
The British Ambassador to Uzbekistan - one of those nations with the worst reputations for torture in its prisons - registered a complaint to his home office about the cruelty and senselessness of the new U.S. practice that he witnessed : " This material we ’re getting is useless , ” he wrote and then he continued with this – “ we are selling our souls for dross .
It is in fact positively harmful . "
Can it be true that any president really has such powers under our Constitution ?
If the answer is " yes " then under the theory by which these acts are committed , are there any acts that can on their face be prohibited ?
If the President has the inherent authority to eavesdrop on American citizens without a warrant , imprison American citizens on his own declaration , kidnap and torture , then what ca n't he do ?
The Dean of Yale Law School , Harold Koh , said after analyzing the Executive Branch 's extravagant claims of these previously unrecognized powers : " If the President has commander - in - chief power to commit torture , he has the power to commit genocide , to sanction slavery , to promote apartheid , to license summary execution . "
The fact that our normal American safeguards have thus far failed to contain this unprecedented expansion of executive power is , itself , deeply troubling .
This failure is due in part to the fact that the Executive Branch has followed a determined strategy of obfuscating , delaying , withholding information , appearing to yield but then refusing to do so and dissembling in order to frustrate the efforts of the legislative and judicial branches to restore a healthy constitutional balance .
For example , after appearing to support legislation sponsored by John McCain to stop the continuation of torture , the President declared in the act of signing the bill that he reserved the right not to comply with it .
Similarly , the Executive Branch claimed that it could unilaterally imprison American citizens without giving them access to review by any tribunal .
And when the Supreme Court disagreed , the President engaged in legal maneuvers designed to prevent the Court from providing any meaningful content to the rights of the citizens affected .
A conservative jurist on the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals wrote that the Executive branch 's handling of one such case seemed to involve the sudden abandonment of principle , and I quote him , " at substantial cost to the government 's credibility before the courts . "
As a result of this unprecedented claim of new unilateral power , the Executive branch has now put our constitutional design at grave risk .
The stakes for America 's democracy are far higher than has been generally recognized .
These claims must be rejected and a healthy balance of power restored to our Republic .
Otherwise , the fundamental nature of our democracy may well undergo a radical transformation .
For more than two centuries , America 's freedoms have been preserved in large part by our founders ' wise decision to separate the aggregate power of our government into three co-equal branches , each of which , as you know , serves to check and balance the power of the other two .
On more than a few occasions , in our history , the dynamic interaction among all three branches has resulted in collisions and temporary impasses that create what are invariably labeled " constitutional crises . "
These crises have often been dangerous and uncertain times for our Republic .
But in each such case so far , we have found a resolution of the crisis by renewing our common agreement to live together under the rule of law .
The principle alternative to democracy throughout history has , of course , been the consolidation of virtually all state power in the hands of a single strongman or small group who exercise that power without the informed consent of the governed .
It was in revolt against just such a regime , after all , that America was founded .
When Lincoln declared at the time of our greatest crisis that the ultimate question being decided in the Civil War was , in his memorable phrase , " whether that nation , or any nation so conceived , and so dedicated , can long endure , " he was not only saving our union , he was recognizing the fact that democracies are rare in history .
And when they fail , as did Athens and the Roman Republic upon whose designs our founders drew heavily , what emerges in their place is another strongman regime .
There have of course been other periods in American history when the Executive Branch claimed new powers later seen as excessive and mistaken .
Our second president , John Adams , passed the infamous Alien and Sedition Acts and sought to silence and imprison critics and political opponents .
And when his successor , President Thomas Jefferson , eliminated the abuses , in his first inaugural he said : " [ The essential principles of our Government ] form the bright constellation which has gone before us and guided our steps through an age of revolution and reformation ... [ S ] hould we wander from them in moments of error or of alarm , let us hasten to retrace our steps and regain the road which alone leads to peace , liberty and safety . "
President Lincoln , of course , suspended habeas corpus during the Civil War .
Some of the worst abuses prior to those of the current administration were committed by President Wilson during and after WWI with the notorious Red Scare and Palmer Raids .
The internment of Japanese Americans during WWII marked a shameful low point for the respect of individual rights at the hands of the executive .
And , of course , during the Vietnam War , the notorious COINTELPRO program was part and parcel of those abuses experienced by Dr. King and so many thousands of others .
But in each of these cases throughout American history , when the conflict and turmoil subsided , our nation recovered its equilibrium and absorbed the lessons learned in a recurring cycle of excess and regret .
But , there are reasons for concern this time around , that conditions may be changing and that the cycle may not repeat itself .
For one thing , we have for decades been witnessing the slow and steady accumulation of presidential power .
In a globe where there are nuclear weapons and cold war tensions , Congress and the American people accepted ever enlarging spheres of presidential initiative to conduct intelligence and counter - intelligence activities and to allocate our military forces on the global stage .
When military force has been used as an instrument of foreign policy or in response to humanitarian demands , it has almost always been as the result of presidential initiative and leadership .
But , as Justice Frankfurter wrote in that famous Steel Seizure Case , " The accretion of dangerous power does not come in a day .
It does come , however slowly , from the generative force of unchecked disregard of the restrictions that fence in even the most disinterested assertion of authority . "
A second reason to that believe we may be experiencing something new -- outside that historical cycle -- is that we are , after all , told by this Administration that the war footing upon which he has tried to place the country is going to " last ” in their phrase , “ for the rest of our lives . "
And so , we are told that the conditions of national threat that have been used by other Presidents to justify arrogations of power will , in this case , persist in near perpetuity .
Third , we need to be keenly aware of the startling advances in the sophistication of eavesdropping and surveillance technologies with their capacity to easily sweep up and analyze enormous quantities of information and then mine it for intelligence .
And this adds significant vulnerability to the privacy and freedom of enormous numbers of innocent people at the same time as the potential power of those technologies grows .
Those technologies do have the potential for shifting the balance of power between the apparatus of the state and the freedom of the individual in ways that are both subtle and profound .
Do n't misunderstand me : the threat of additional terror strikes is real and the concerted efforts by terrorists to acquire weapons of mass destruction does indeed create a real imperative to exercise the powers of the Executive Branch with swiftness and agility .
Moreover , there is in fact an inherent power conferred by the Constitution to the any President to take unilateral action when necessary to protect the nation from a sudden and immediate threat .
And it is simply not possible to precisely define in legalistic terms exactly when that power is appropriate and when it is not .
But the existence of that inherent power cannot be used to justify a gross and excessive power grab lasting for many years and producing a serious imbalance in the relationship between the executive and the other two branches of government .
And there is a final reason to worry that we may be experiencing something more than just another cycle .
This Administration has come to power in the thrall of a legal theory that aims to convince us that this excessive concentration of presidential power is exactly what our Constitution intended .
This legal theory , which its proponents call the theory of the unitary executive but which ought to be more accurately described as the unilateral executive , threatens to expand the president 's powers until the contours of the constitution that the Framers actually gave us become obliterated beyond all recognition .
Under this theory , the President 's authority when acting as Commander - in - Chief or when making foreign policy cannot be reviewed by the judiciary , cannot be checked by Congress .
And President Bush has pushed the implications of this idea to its maximum by continually stressing his role as Commander - in - Chief , invoking it has frequently as he can , conflating it with his other roles , both domestic and foreign .
And when added to the idea that we have entered a perpetual state of war , the implications of this theory stretch quite literally as far into the future as we can imagine .
This effort to rework America 's carefully balanced constitutional design into a lopsided structure dominated by an all powerful Executive Branch with a subservient Congress and subservient judiciary is ironically accompanied by an effort by the same administration to rework America 's foreign policy from one that is based primarily on U.S. moral authority into one that is based on a misguided and self - defeating effort to establish a form of dominance in the world .
And the common denominator seems to be based on an instinct to intimidate and control .
This same pattern has characterized the effort to silence dissenting views within the Executive branch , to censor information that may be inconsistent with its stated ideological goals , and to demand conformity from all Executive branch employees .
For example , CIA analysts who strongly disagreed with the White House assertion that Osama bin Laden was linked to Saddam Hussein found themselves under pressure at work and became fearful of losing promotions and salary increases .
Ironically , that is exactly what happened to the FBI officials in the 1960s who disagreed with J. Edgar Hoover 's assertion that Martin Luther King was closely connected to Communists .
The head of the FBI 's domestic intelligence division testified that his effort to tell the truth about King 's innocence of the charge resulted in he and his colleagues becoming isolated within the FBI and pressured .
And I quote : " It was evident that we had to change our ways or we would all be out on the street ....
The men and I ( he continued ) discussed how to get out of trouble .
To be in trouble with Mr. Hoover was a serious matter .
These men ( he continued ) were trying to buy homes , mortgages on homes , children in school .
They lived in fear of getting transferred , losing money on their homes , as they usually did .
... so they wanted another memorandum written to get us out of the trouble that we were in . "
The Constitution 's framers who studied human nature so closely understood this dilemma quite well .
As Alexander Hamilton put it , " a power over a man 's support is a power over his will . "
( Federalist No. 73 ) In any case , quite soon , there was no more difference of opinion within the FBI .
And the false accusation became the unanimous view .
In exactly the same way , George Tenet 's CIA eventually joined in endorsing a manifestly false view that there was a linkage between al Qaeda and the government of Iraq .
In the words of George Orwell : " We are all capable of believing things which we know to be untrue , and then , when we are finally proved wrong , impudently twisting the facts so as to show that we were right .
Intellectually , it is possible to carry on this process for an indefinite time : the only check on it is that , sooner or later , a false belief bumps up against solid reality , usually on a battlefield . "
2,200 American soldiers have lost their lives as this false belief bumped into a solid reality .
And indeed , whenever power is unchecked and unaccountable it almost inevitably leads to gross mistakes and abuses .
That is part of human nature .
In the absence of rigorous accountability , incompetence flourishes .
Dishonesty is encouraged and rewarded .
It is human nature -- whether for Republicans or Democrats or people of any set of views .
Last week , for example , Vice President Cheney attempted to defend the Administration 's eavesdropping on American citizens by saying that if it had conducted this program prior to 9/11 , they would have found out the names of some of the hijackers .
Tragically , he apparently still does not know that the Administration did in fact have the names of at least 2 of the hijackers well before 9/11 and had available to them information that could have led to the identification of most of the others .
One of them was in the phonebook .
And yet , because of incompetence , unaccountable incompetence in the handling of this information , it was never used to protect the American people .
It is often the case , again , regardless of which party might be in power , that an Executive branch , beguiled by the pursuit of unchecked power , responds to its own mistakes by reflexively proposing that it be given still more power .
Often , the request itself it used to mask accountability for mistakes in the use of power it already has .
Moreover , if the pattern of practice begun by this Administration is not challenged , it may well become a permanent part of the American system .
That ’s why many conservatives have pointed out that granting unchecked power to this President means that the next will have unchecked power as well .
And the next President may be someone whose values and belief you do not trust .
And that is why Republicans as well as Democrats should be concerned with what this President has done .
If his attempt to dramatically expand executive power goes unquestioned , then our constitutional design of checks and balances will be lost .
And the next President or some future President will be able , in the name of national security , to restrict our liberties in a way the framers never would have imagined possible .
This same instinct to expand its power and to establish dominance has characterized the relationship between this Administration and the courts and the Congress .
In a properly functioning system , the Judicial branch would serve as the constitutional umpire to ensure that the branches of government observed their proper spheres of authority , observed civil liberties , adhered to the rule of law .
Unfortunately , the unilateral executive has tried hard to thwart the ability of the judiciary to call balls and strikes by keeping controversies out of its hands - notably those challenging its ability to detain individuals without legal process -- by appointing judges who will be deferential to its exercise of power and by its support of assaults on the independence of the third branch .
The President 's decision , for example , to ignore the FISA law was a direct assault on the power of the judges who sit on that court .
Congress established the FISA court precisely to be a check on executive power to wiretap .
And yet , to ensure that the court could not function as a check on executive power , the President simply did not take matters to it and did not even let the court know that it was being bypassed .
The President 's judicial appointments are clearly designed to ensure the courts will not serve as an effective check on executive power .
As we have all learned , Judge Alito is a longtime supporter of a powerful executive - a supporter of that so - called unitary executive .
Whether you support his confirmation or not - and I respect the fact that some of the co-sponsors of this event do .
I do not – but whatever your view , we must all agree that he will not vote as an effective check on the expansion of executive power .
Likewise , Chief Justice Roberts has made plain his deference to the expansion of executive power through his support of judicial deference to executive agency rulemaking .
And the Administration has also supported the assault on judicial independence that has been conducted largely in Congress .
That assault includes a threat by the Republican majority in the Senate to permanently change the rules to eliminate the right of the minority to engage in extended debate of the President 's nominees .
The assault has extended to legislative efforts to curtail the jurisdiction of courts in matters ranging from habeas corpus to the pledge of allegiance .
In short , the Administration has demonstrated a contempt for the judicial role and sought to evade judicial review of its actions at every turn .
But the most serious damage in our constitutional framework has been done to the legislative branch .
The sharp decline of congressional power and autonomy in recent years has been almost as shocking as the efforts by the Executive to attain this massive expansion of its power .
I was elected to the Congress in 1976 , served eight years in the house , 8 years in the Senate , presided over the Senate for 8 years as Vice President .
As a young man , I saw the Congress first hand as the son of a Senator .
My father was elected to Congress in 1938 , 10 years before I was born , and left the Senate after I had graduated from college .
The Congress we have today is structurally unrecognizable compared to the one in which my father served .
There are many distinguished and outstanding Senators and Congressmen serving today .
I am honored to know them and to have worked with them .
But the legislative branch of government , as a whole , under its current leadership now operates as if it were entirely subservient to the Executive branch .
It is astonishing to me , and so foreign to what the Congress is supposed to be .
Moreover , too many members of the House and Senate now feel compelled to spend a majority of their time not in thoughtful debate on the issues , but instead raising money to purchase 30 second TV commercials .
Moreover , there have now been two or three generations of congressmen who do n't really know what an oversight hearing is .
In the 70's and 80's , the oversight hearings in which my colleagues and I participated held the feet of the Executive branch to the fire - no matter which party was in power .
Yet oversight is almost unknown in the Congress today .
The role of the authorization committees has declined into insignificance .
The 13 annual appropriation bills are hardly ever actually passed as bills , anymore .
Everything is lumped into a familiar single giant measure that is not even available for members of Congress to read before they vote on it .
Members of the minority party are now routinely excluded from conference committees , and amendments are routinely disallowed during floor consideration of legislation .
In the United States Senate , which used to pride itself on being the " greatest deliberative body in the world , " meaningful debate is now a rarity .
Even on the eve of the fateful vote to authorize the invasion of Iraq , Senator Robert Byrd famously asked : " Why is this chamber empty ? "
In the House of Representatives , the number who face a genuinely competitive election contest every two years is typically less than a dozen out of 435 .
And too many incumbents have come to believe that the key to continued access to the money for re-election is to stay on the good side of those who have the money to give ; and , in the case of the majority party , the whole process is largely controlled by the incumbent president and his political organization .
So the willingness of Congress to challenge the Executive branch is further limited when the same party controls both Congress and the Administration .
The Executive branch , time and again , has co-opted Congress ' role , and too often Congress has been a willing accomplice in the surrender of its own power .
Look for example at the Congressional role in " overseeing " this massive four year eavesdropping campaign that on its face seemed so clearly to violate the Bill of Rights .
The President says he informed Congress , but what he really means is that he talked with the chairman and ranking member of the House and Senate intelligence committees and sometimes the leaders of the House and Senate .
This small group , in turn , claimed they were not given the full facts , though at least one of the committee leaders handwrote a letter of concern to the vice - president .
Though I sympathize with the awkward position in which these men and women were placed , I cannot disagree with the Liberty Coalition when it says that Democrats as well as Republicans in the Congress must share the blame for not taking sufficient action to protest and seek to prevent what they consider a grossly unconstitutional program .
Many did .
Moreover , in the Congress as a whole - both House and Senate - the enhanced role of money in the re-election process , coupled with the sharply diminished role for reasoned deliberation and debate , has produced an atmosphere conducive to pervasive institutionalized corruption that some have fallen vulnerable to .
The Abramoff scandal is but the tip of a giant iceberg threatening the integrity of the entire legislative branch of government .
It is the pitiful state of our legislative branch which primarily explains the failure of our vaunted checks and balances to prevent the dangerous overreach by the Executive Branch now threatening a radical transformation of the American system .
I call upon Democratic and Republican members of Congress today to uphold your oath of office and defend the Constitution .
Stop going along to get along .
Start acting like the independent and co-equal branch of American government you are supposed to be under the Constitution of our country .
But there is yet another Constitutional player whose pulse must also be taken and whose role must be examined in order to understand the dangerous imbalance that has accompanied these efforts by the Executive branch to dominate our constitutional system .
We the people are - collectively - still the key to the survival of America 's democracy .
We - must examine ourselves .
We - as Lincoln put it , " [ e ] ven we here " - must examine our own role as citizens in allowing and not preventing the shocking decay and hollowing out and degradation of American democracy !
It is time to stand up for the American system that we know and love !
It is time to breathe new life back into America ’s democracy !
Thomas Jefferson said : " An informed citizenry is the only true repository of the public will " America ’s based on the belief that we can govern ourselves .
And exercise the power of self - government .
The American idea proceeded from the bedrock principle that all just power is derived from the consent of the governed .
The intricate and carefully balanced constitutional system that is now in such danger was created with the full and widespread participation of the population as a whole .
The Federalist Papers were , back in the day , widely - read newspaper essays , and they represented only one of twenty - four series of essays that crowded the vibrant marketplace of ideas in which farmers and shopkeepers recapitulated the debates that played out so fruitfully in Philadelphia .
And when the Convention had done its best , it was the people - in their various States - that refused to confirm the result until , at their insistence , the Bill of Rights was made integral to the document sent forward for ratification .
And it is " We the people " who must now find , once again , the ability we once had to play an integral role in saving our Constitution .
And here there is cause for both concern and for great hope .
The age of printed pamphlets and political essays has long since been replaced by television - a distracting and absorbing medium which sees determined to entertain and sell more than it informs and educates .
Lincoln 's memorable call during the Civil War is now applicable in a new way to our dilemma today : " We must disenthrall ourselves , and then we shall save our country . "
Forty years have passed since the majority of Americans adopted television as their principal source of information .
And its dominance has now become so extensive that virtually all significant political communication now takes place within the confines of flickering 30 - second television advertisements , and they ’re not the Federalist Papers .
The political economy supported by these short but expensive television ads is as different from the vibrant politics of America 's first century as those politics were different from the feudalism which thrived on the ignorance of the masses of people in the Dark Ages .
The constricted role of ideas in the American political system today has encouraged efforts by the Executive branch to believe it can and should control the flow of information as a means of controlling the outcome of important decisions that still lie in the hands of the people .
The Administration vigorously asserts its power to maintain secrecy in its operations .
After all , if the other branches do n’t know what is happening they can't be a check or a balance .
For example , when the Administration was attempting to persuade Congress to enact the Medicare prescription drug benefit , many in the House and Senate raised concerns about the cost and design of the program .
But , rather than engaging in open debate on the basis of factual data , the Administration withheld facts and actively prevented the Congress from hearing testimony that it had sought from the principal administration expert who had the information showing in advance of the vote that , indeed , the true cost estimates were far beyond the numbers given to Congress by the President .
And the workings of the program would play out very differently than Congress had been told .
Deprived of that information , and believing the false numbers given to it instead , the Congress approved the program .
And tragically , the entire initiative is now collapsing - all over the country - with the Administration making an appeal just this weekend to major insurance companies to volunteer to bail it out .
But the American people , who have the right to believe that its elected representatives will learn the truth and act on the basis of knowledge and utilize the rule of reason , have been let down .
To take another example , scientific warnings about the catastrophic consequences of unchecked global warming were censored by a political appointee in the White House who had no scientific training , whatsoever .
Today , one of the leading scientific experts in the world on global warming in NASA , has been ordered not to talk to members of the press , ordered to keep a careful log of everyone he meets with so that the Executive branch can monitor and control what he shares of his knowledge of global warming .
This is a planetary crisis – we owe ourselves a truthful and reasoned discussion .
One of the other ways the Administration has tried to control the flow of information has been by consistently resorting to the language and politics of fear in order to short - circuit the debate and drive its agenda forward without regard to the evidence or the public interest .
President Eisenhower said this : " Any who act as if freedom 's defenses are to be found in suppression and suspicion and fear confess a doctrine that is alien to America . "
Fear drives out reason .
Fear suppresses the politics of discourse and opens the door to the politics of destruction .
Justice Brandeis once wrote : " Men feared witches and burnt women . "
The founders of our country faced dire threats .
If they failed in their endeavors , they would have been hung as traitors .
The very existence of our country was at risk .
Yet , in the teeth of those dangers , they insisted on establishing the full Bill of Rights .
Is our Congress today in more danger than were their predecessors when the British army was marching on the Capitol ?
Is the world more dangerous than when we faced an ideological enemy with tens of thousands of nuclear missiles ready to be launched on a moment ’s notice to completely annihilate the country ?
Is America in more danger now than when we faced worldwide fascism on the march - when the last generation had to fight and win two World Wars simultaneously ?
It is simply an insult to those who came before us and sacrificed so much on our behalf to imply that we have more to be fearful of than they did .
Yet they faithfully protected our freedoms and now it ’s up to us to do the very same thing !
We have a duty as Americans to defend our citizens ' right not only to life but also to liberty and the pursuit of happiness .
It is therefore vital in our current circumstances that immediate steps be taken to safeguard our Constitution against the present danger posed by the intrusive overreaching on the part of the Executive branch and the President 's apparent belief that he need not live under the rule of law .
I endorse the words of Bob Barr , when he said , and I quote : " The President has dared the American people to do something about it .
For the sake of the Constitution , I hope they will . "
A special counsel should immediately be appointed by the Attorney General to remedy the obvious conflict of interest that prevents him from investigating what many believe are serious violations of law by the President .
We ’ve had a fresh demonstration of how an independent investigation by a special counsel with integrity can rebuild confidence in our system of justice .
Patrick Fitzgerald has , by all accounts , shown neither fear nor favor in pursuing allegations that the Executive branch has violated other laws .
Republican as well as Democratic members of Congress should support the bipartisan call of the Liberty Coalition for the appointment of this special counsel to pursue the criminal issues raised by the warrantless wiretapping of Americans by the President , and it should be a political issue in any race -- regardless of party , section of the country , house of congress for anyone who opposes the appointment of a special counsel under these dangerous circumstances when our Constitution is at risk .
Secondly , new whistleblower protections should immediately be established for members of the Executive branch who report evidence of wrongdoing -- especially where it involves the abuse of authority in these sensitive areas of national security .
Third , both Houses of Congress should , of course , hold comprehensive - and not just superficial - hearings into these serious allegations of criminal behavior on the part of the President .
And , they should follow the evidence wherever it leads .
Fourth , the extensive new powers requested by the Executive branch in its proposal to extend and enlarge the Patriot Act should , under no circumstances be granted , unless and until there are adequate and enforceable safeguards to protect the Constitution and the rights of the American people against the kinds of abuses that have so recently been revealed .
Fifth , any telecommunications company that has provided the government with access to private information concerning the communications of Americans without a proper warrant should immediately cease and desist their complicity in this apparently illegal invasion of the privacy of American citizens .
Freedom of communication is an essential prerequisite for the restoration of the health of our democracy .
It is particularly important that the freedom of the Internet be protected against either the encroachment of government or efforts at control by large media conglomerates .
The future of our democracy depends on it .
In closing , I mentioned that along with cause for concern , there is reason for hope .
As I stand here today , I am filled with optimism that America is on the eve of a golden age in which the vitality of our democracy will be re-established by the people and will flourish more vibrantly than ever .
Indeed I can feel it in this hall .
As Dr. King once said , " Perhaps a new spirit is rising among us .
If it is , let us trace its movements and pray that our own inner being may be sensitive to its guidance , for we are deeply in need of a new way beyond the darkness that seems so close around us . "
Thank you , very much .
The director of national intelligence , John D. Negroponte , had resisted setting up the Web site , which some intelligence officials felt implicitly raised questions about the competence and judgment of government analysts .
But President Bush approved the site ’s creation after Congressional Republicans proposed legislation to force the documents ’ release .
In his statement last night , Mr. Negroponte ’s spokesman , Chad Kolton , said , “ While strict criteria had already been established to govern posted documents , the material currently on the Web site , as well as the procedures used to post new documents , will be carefully reviewed before the site becomes available again . ”
A spokesman for the National Security Council , Gordon D. Johndroe , said , “ We ’re confident the D.N.I. is taking the appropriate steps to maintain the balance between public information and national security . ”
The Web site , “ Operation Iraqi Freedom Document Portal , ” was a constantly expanding portrait of prewar Iraq .
Its many thousands of documents included everything from a collection of religious and nationalistic poetry to instructions for the repair of parachutes to handwritten notes from Mr. Hussein ’s intelligence service .
It became a popular quarry for a legion of bloggers , translators and amateur historians .
Among the dozens of documents in English were Iraqi reports written in the 1990s and in 2002 for United Nations inspectors in charge of making sure Iraq had abandoned its unconventional arms programs after the Persian Gulf war .
Experts say that at the time , Mr. Hussein ’s scientists were on the verge of building an atom bomb , as little as a year away .
European diplomats said this week that some of those nuclear documents on the Web site were identical to the ones presented to the United Nations Security Council in late 2002 , as America got ready to invade Iraq .
But unlike those on the Web site , the papers given to the Security Council had been extensively edited , to remove sensitive information on unconventional arms .
The deletions , the diplomats said , had been done in consultation with the United States and other nuclear - weapons nations .
Mohamed ElBaradei , the director of the International Atomic Energy Agency , which ran the nuclear part of the inspections , told the Security Council in late 2002 that the deletions were “ consistent with the principle that proliferation - sensitive information should not be released . ”
Sun , Jan. 29th , 2006 , 08:21 pm
Obfuscating BitTorrent People ask about making an ' obfuscated ' version of BitTorrent often enough that it ought to be a FAQ .
The reason given is that some ISPs are doing traffic shaping on BitTorrent protocol , and people wish to get around that .
There are several whole categories of reasons for not doing it .
First , there 's hardly any benefit .
Most ISPs do n't do such shaping , and attempts at obfuscation wo n't work for long - the ISP traffic shaping tools are already quite sophisticated , and a wire protocol which transfers a lot of data bidirectionally and consistently looks like line noise with no header is only marginally more difficult to identify then one which uses fixed ports .
Obfuscating the protocol does n't even claim to make it difficult to find out who 's downloading a particular file .
Second , if done poorly it has the potential to create an outright incompatibility between obfuscating clients and non-obfuscating clients .
This would cause a huge amount of performance problems and general pain , made even more ludicrous by the lack of benefit it brings in the first place .
There is in fact a proposal being worked on by some people for an obfuscating protocol which would have exactly this problem .
Fortunately it 's quite simple to avoid this problem - simply add an extension to the tracker protocol so that a client tells the tracker that it supports obfuscation , and when a tracker gets such a request it returns , in addition to the usual list of peers , a list of peers which support obfuscation .
It 's very easy for trackers to support such an extension , and it has the benefit of allowing trackers to keep peers from using obfuscation , in case they 're interested in making sure the ISP can cache data or just do n't want it to be used for some other reason .
In general , the tracker should be in control .
That was the main reason I 'm writing about this - I rather suspect that some developer has gotten rate limited by his ISP , and is more interested in trying to hack around his ISP 's limitations than in the performance of the internet as a whole .
Hopefully no such idiocy will take place .
Backwards - compatible obfuscation ( as opposed to incompatible obfuscation ) is still a dubious idea , but at least it is n't a harmful idea .
Back to reasons for not doing obfuscation .
Third , any cacheing which the ISP may do ( and yes some ISPs do cache BitTorrent protocol reasonably transparently , much to the benefit of their users ) is completely obliterated by obfuscation .
Fourth , when it comes to dealing with ISPs , obfuscation is some combination of hostile , unprofessional , and harmful .
Software projects which value quality over featuritis generally steer clear of such things , especially when their potential effectiveness level is the equivalent of spitting in one 's face than actual utility .
Oh , and by the way , the amount of CPU necessary to do a diffie - hellman key exchange is enough to be annoying , and if you 're making a connection via a trusted intermediary , like , say , a tracker , or already have a reasonably secret piece of shared information like , say , an infohash , there 's no need to use a diffie - hellman key exchange to establish a shared secret .
Imagining that crypto will stop being done by dilettantes is clearly a pipe dream though .
People ask about making an ' obfuscated ' version of BitTorrent often enough that it ought to be a FAQ .
The reason given is that some ISPs are doing traffic shaping on BitTorrent protocol , and people wish to get around that .
There are several whole categories of reasons for not doing it .
First , there 's hardly any benefit .
Most ISPs do n't do such shaping , and attempts at obfuscation wo n't work for long - the ISP traffic shaping tools are already quite sophisticated , and a wire protocol which transfers a lot of data bidirectionally and consistently looks like line noise with no header is only marginally more difficult to identify then one which uses fixed ports .
Obfuscating the protocol does n't even claim to make it difficult to find out who 's downloading a particular file .
Second , if done poorly it has the potential to create an outright incompatibility between obfuscating clients and non-obfuscating clients .
This would cause a huge amount of performance problems and general pain , made even more ludicrous by the lack of benefit it brings in the first place .
There is in fact a proposal being worked on by some people for an obfuscating protocol which would have exactly this problem .
Fortunately it 's quite simple to avoid this problem - simply add an extension to the tracker protocol so that a client tells the tracker that it supports obfuscation , and when a tracker gets such a request it returns , in addition to the usual list of peers , a list of peers which support obfuscation .
It 's very easy for trackers to support such an extension , and it has the benefit of allowing trackers to keep peers from using obfuscation , in case they 're interested in making sure the ISP can cache data or just do n't want it to be used for some other reason .
In general , the tracker should be in control .
That was the main reason I 'm writing about this - I rather suspect that some developer has gotten rate limited by his ISP , and is more interested in trying to hack around his ISP 's limitations than in the performance of the internet as a whole .
Hopefully no such idiocy will take place .
Backwards - compatible obfuscation ( as opposed to incompatible obfuscation ) is still aidea , but at least it is n't aidea .
Back to reasons for not doing obfuscation .
Third , any cacheing which the ISP may do ( and yes some ISPs do cache BitTorrent protocol reasonably transparently , much to the benefit of their users ) is completely obliterated by obfuscation .
Fourth , when it comes to dealing with ISPs , obfuscation is some combination of hostile , unprofessional , and harmful .
Software projects which value quality over featuritis generally steer clear of such things , especially when their potential effectiveness level is the equivalent of spitting in one 's face than actual utility .
Oh , and by the way , the amount of CPU necessary to do a diffie - hellman key exchange is enough to be annoying , and if you 're making a connection via a trusted intermediary , like , say , a tracker , or already have a reasonably secret piece of shared information like , say , an infohash , there 's no need to use a diffie - hellman key exchange to establish a shared secret .
Imagining that crypto will stop being done by dilettantes is clearly a pipe dream though .
Mon , Jan. 30th , 2006 05:49 am ( UTC )
theducks People have come up with a transparent caching proxy for BitTorrent ?
That 's quite a frightening concept , but I could see why it would benefit users and ISPs , especially if lots of customers are after the same content .
People have come up with a transparent caching proxy for BitTorrent ?
That 's quite a frightening concept , but I could see why it would benefit users and ISPs , especially if lots of customers are after the same content .
Tue , Feb. 7th , 2006 12:27 am ( UTC )
arafel2
Oh , definitely .
Check out the company CacheLogic for an example .
They do n't just cache BT , either , from what I remember .
Oh , definitely .
Check out the company CacheLogic for an example .
They do n't just cache BT , either , from what I remember .
( Deleted comment ) Tue , Feb. 7th , 2006 03:11 am ( UTC )
sorbix i bet if the isp wanted to , they could use their user agreement to sue you for reading an encrypted email or using a secure shopping cart .
that doesnt make it right .
seriously , who respects their user agreements ?
Sun , Feb. 5th , 2006 06:42 pm ( UTC )
jin_n_juice
First off , a little overdue , but thanks for creating bittorrent in the first place !
Re : " a wire protocol which transfers a lot of data bidirectionally and consistently looks like line noise with no header is only marginally more difficult to identify then one which uses fixed ports . "
If properly designed & implemented , would n't encrypted BT traffic be virtually indistinguishable from say , a remote user who 's got an IPSec tunnel into his office LAN and running something as chatty as Outlook / Exchange ?
In that situation , ISPs would have to think a little more carefully about indiscriminately throttling such traffic - or else write it off as collateral damage , which might be dangerous .
Hi !
Got here from http://torrentfreak.com/?p=117
First off , a little overdue , but thanks for creating bittorrent in the first place !
Re : " a wire protocol which transfers a lot of data bidirectionally and consistently looks like line noise with no header is only marginally more difficult to identify then one which uses fixed ports .
"
If properly designed & implemented , would n't encrypted BT traffic be virtually indistinguishable from say , a remote user who 's got an IPSec tunnel into his office LAN and running something as chatty as Outlook / Exchange ?
In that situation , ISPs would have to think a little more carefully about indiscriminately throttling such traffic - or else write it off as collateral damage , which might be dangerous .
Sun , Feb. 5th , 2006 08:25 pm ( UTC )
hcatlin
As someone who lives behind a shaper ( thanks Rogers Cable ! ) , I 'd quite like it .
But , perhaps that 's my 1.3 kb / sec talking .
-hampton .
As someone who lives behind a shaper ( thanks Rogers Cable ! ) , I 'd quite like it .
But , perhaps that 's my 1.3 kb / sec talking .- hampton .
Mon , Feb .
13th , 2006 12:49 am ( UTC )
canoe_drew Just installed the latest azureus with this feature .
Since I 'm a rogers customer my DL / UL was 3 k ps / 3 kps .
Now it 's 70 k ps /90 kps .
I have to agree with hcatlin :
This is fantastic .
I do n't think the feature is hurting anyone .
I can see 7 peers that do n't have azureus and they are getting the old 3 kps / 3 kps speeds so the backwards compatibility seems to be working .
Of course the best solution would be for rogers to stop shaping the traffic .
Just installed the latest azureus with this feature .
Since I 'm a rogers customer my DL / UL was 3 k ps / 3 kps .
Now it 's 70 k ps /90 kps .
I have to agree with hcatlin :
This is fantastic .
I do n't think the feature is hurting anyone .
I can see 7 peers that do n't have azureus and they are getting the old 3 kps / 3 kps speeds so the backwards compatibility seems to be working .
Of course the best solution would be for rogers to stop shaping the traffic .
Mon , Feb. 6th , 2006 06:46 am ( UTC )
cameronbergh
I realize that bit torrent was never really intended to be a conduit for piracy , and thus , filtering of the protocol was not forseen .
But filtering bittorrent is a trivial joke , and so is the solution to the filtering .
The fact that every singe bittorrent client sets 6881 as the default port has always amazed me .
I wonder sometimes if filesharing developers have ever been on a college / corporate network .
Im pretty sure that every single corporate firewall in the universe comes with port 6881 , 6969 , and all other filesharing ports blocked by default .
This does not only apply to filesharing , but to any kind of protocol that uses lots of bandwidth ( skype , Tor , counterstrike , etc ) .
Is the solution not obvious ?
Pretty much all p2 p protocols support non default ports , so how hard is it really to generate a random port number upon installation ?
That would probably eliminate the filtering on 95 % of networks .
For the remaining 5 % that actually do deep packet analysis , A simple Xor ( or even cesar shift ) encryption would suffice .
No need to waste cpu on rc4 .
I definatley agree with Bram on the point that this could cause compatability issues .
Backward compatability is a must .
Furthermore , Even IF bittorrent was never for illegal purposes , Anti-Filtering teqniques would be very useful to many people .
As americans , we realize protocols like fast track and gnutella will be filtered , but something as legit as bit torrent shouldnt be .
In places like china and iran , totally legit things are blocked all the time .
People there have to tunnel through Tor just to get to google .
We take for granted that we have the ( theoretical ) right to not be censored , so we dont incorporate anti-censorship functions into our apps .
I think these kinds of features would benefit many oppressed people around the world .
This is the way it looks to me .
If anyone disagrees , please let me know because i really dont know how anyone else feels on this subject .
PS .
Bram is amazing .
- Cameron Bergh Mon , Feb. 6th , 2006 07:54 am ( UTC )
alphasee I agree with almost everything that you 've said -- but we should also suppose that bit torrent was never really intended to be a conduit for private transfer / communication either .
The issue inlies with technology and being able to be used -- similar to the concept " Enough monkies on enough typewriters will eventually give you the gilgamesh epic " ... something along those ' guidelines ' --
People will use what they have access to .
We are creatures that use , and eventually , someone is going to find an even better usage for bittorrent -- or something of the sort .
As for the encryption , and backwards compatibility , there is a header check to find out if the client / communicant has header encryption support ( sending a byte string with a length of 0 ) , and if I read the source correctly , it evaluates the client , and then sends data accordingly ... good theory on your part though .
If only programmers were perfect ...
Mon , Feb. 6th , 2006 11:34 pm ( UTC )
otterley From the ISP 's perspective , the problem is not the BitTorrent protocol per se - they would have similar difficulties with any protocol associated with high data transfers .
This is a result of their short - sighted business model , which encourages waste because they charge on a per- month basis for a given pipe instead of charging per bit transferred .
From the ISP 's perspective , the problem is not the BitTorrent protocol per se - they would have similar difficulties with any protocol associated with high data transfers .
This is a result of their short - sighted business model , which encourages waste because they charge on a per- month basis for a given pipe instead of charging per bit transferred .
Tue , Feb. 7th , 2006 12:40 am ( UTC )
manicdee I do n't think you understand the model .
Charging per bit transferred is not friendly to end - users - charging for an expected utilisation of bandwidth is much more friendly , since it allows the ISP to plan their bandwidth provision better .
Charging after the fact force the ISP to react to changes in patterns of usage .
Charging in advance means the ISP has the extra time to order upgrades where required .
Bandwidth is always going to be wasted - most people do n't use the Internet 24 hours a day , not even at an office .
Look at the usage graphs for a home user - some very light usage in the morning ( checking the web newpapers , morning mail , etc ) , scattered usage through the day ( home machines checking for software updates and keeping NTP clocks up to date ) , then heavy usage between 4 pm and 10 pm ( between kids coming home from school and going to bed ) with a peak at 6 pm - 8 pm .
Ask anyone who has switched from a charge - per - byte plan to a quota - based plan ( with shaping rather than excess traffic charges ) which they prefer .
Being charged in arrears for volume consumed is a great way to turn yourself into a nervous wreck .
Tue , Feb. 7th , 2006 02:25 am ( UTC )
jesuitx
How about the fact that this encryption would prevent people from seeing what you 're transferring ?
It would do that , right ?
Freenet is great for these things , but impossible to use for most people .
BitTorrent on the other hand is quite easy , and really could benefit from something like this .
Particularly if the tracker gets to decided whether or not to allow it , making it totally transparent to the user .
And if " quality over features " really is the motto of the day , then I 'd like to know why the trackerless feature , that which every tracker admin disallows , even exists .
How about the fact that this encryption would prevent people from seeing what you 're transferring ?
It would do that , right ?
Freenet is great for these things , but impossible to use for most people .
BitTorrent on the other hand is quite easy , and really could benefit from something like this .
Particularly if the tracker gets to decided whether or not to allow it , making it totally transparent to the user .
And if " quality over features " really is the motto of the day , then I 'd like to know why the trackerless feature , that which every tracker admin disallows , even exists .
Tue , Feb. 7th , 2006 06:59 pm ( UTC )
bramcohen Connection obfuscation does n't even claim to hide what it is that you 're doing .
The threat model of someone seeing what you 're doing is that they connect to the tracker and get you in the peer list , or you later try to connect to them , none of which is changed by obfuscating the peer protocol .
Also , the .torrent file is generally downloaded via unencrypted http , so even a passive snooper on the local network can see what you 're doing .
Connection obfuscation does n't even claim to hide what it is that you 're doing .
The threat model of someone seeing what you 're doing is that they connect to the tracker and get you in the peer list , or you later try to connect to them , none of which is changed by obfuscating the peer protocol .
Also , the .torrent file is generally downloaded via unencrypted http , so even a passive snooper on the local network can see what you 're doing .
Tue , Feb. 7th , 2006 11:32 am ( UTC )
lightyear
There 's no point in obfuscating .
Think about it :
If the problem goes from being a " known " protocol that they shape , to random noise ... and the random noise * is* a problem for them , they 're going to shape the random noise .
Sure , that may well put other protocol traffic into the same bin .
Sure , that may detrimentally affect lots of other users .
But the fact of the matter remains : they thought they had a traffic problem , and once it's all encrypted , they still will :
They 'll shape down the random noise , and they 'll shape down bittorrent .
The difference ?
they can run a BT cache for standard BT protocol , but the crank down on the noise can't be assisted , analysed , or improved .
If you do n't like it , vote with your feet .
Not easy for everyone , but it 's at least an option .
Trying to work around your ISP 's filters is going to fail :
Any company willing to play hardball with the shapers is going to do the same thing to you again once the usage picks up .
Sure , you might be able to get ahead of the curve - but only for a short while .
Then the network administrators will analyse traffic , see the noise , and shape it out of existence , just like your BT traffic .
Push for BT caching - work with them not around them .
Or walk away from them , and let them know why .
If they do n't consider BT a " real " protocol , tell them you 're a World of Warcraft player , and 5.5 m people worldwide use BitTorrent to download the versions of their games .
Take a stand and work with them - but working around them can only ever fail as a long - term strategy .
There 's no point in obfuscating .
Think about it :
If the problem goes from being a " known " protocol that they shape , to random noise ... and the random noise * is* a problem for them , they 're going to shape the random noise .
Sure , that may well put other protocol traffic into the same bin .
Sure , that may detrimentally affect lots of other users .
But the fact of the matter remains : they thought they had a traffic problem , and once it's all encrypted , they still will :
They 'll shape down the random noise , and they 'll shape down bittorrent .
The difference ?
they can run a BT cache for standard BT protocol , but the crank down on the noise can't be assisted , analysed , or improved .
If you do n't like it , vote with your feet .
Not easy for everyone , but it 's at least an option .
Trying to work around your ISP 's filters is going to fail :
Any company willing to play hardball with the shapers is going to do the same thing to you again once the usage picks up .
Sure , you might be able to get ahead of the curve - but only for a short while .
Then the network administrators will analyse traffic , see the noise , and shape it out of existence , just like your BT traffic .
Push for BT caching - work with them not around them .
Or walk away from them , and let them know why .
If they do n't consider BT a " real " protocol , tell them you 're a World of Warcraft player , and 5.5 m people worldwide use BitTorrent to download the versions of their games .
Take a stand and work with them - but working around them can only ever fail as a long - term strategy .
Wed , Feb .
8th , 2006 06:03 pm ( UTC )
newsnightseth Hi ,
I 'm a researcher working on Newsnight the UK news and current affairs programme on BBC 2 .
We are looking for someone who uses a program that encrypts bittorrent ( uTorrent , Bit - Comet etc. ) to appear in a film about the development of P2P techniques .
If you are based in or around London and think you could be suitable send me an email asap with your phone number at sgoolnik@yahoo.com and I will be in touch ,
Thanks ,
Seth Wed , May.
3rd , 2006 05:17 pm ( UTC )
squirrelitude I am on a college campus , and torrents are heavily restricted , to the point of uselessness .
Some files [ I am on a college campus , and torrents are heavily restricted , to the point of uselessness .
Some files [ like this one ] are only distributed as torrents , and if I did n't use an encryption - capable client , it would be impossible to get these files .
Encryption is a good thing .
Thu , Jun. 22nd , 2006 09:40 pm ( UTC )
shaunburrows
Totally agree with that , was the only way I could use bittorent , so I told every 1 else how to do it , was prob responsable for terabytes of upload :P ( uni 10 Meg up each ) .
Just wished i tried it earier .
Totally agree with that , was the only way I could use bittorent , so I told every 1 else how to do it , was prob responsable for terabytes of upload :P ( uni 10 Meg up each ) .
Just wished i tried it earier .
Tue , Jul .
25th , 2006 10:08 am ( UTC )
kyoguan Obfuscating must encrypt from the begining , because ipp2 p will
filter the URL request to the tracker .
Once the client can connect
to the tracker , then the later encrypt will be easy .
Fact bittorrent tracker use the HTTP protocol .
Why not add the https support for bittorrent , it will be easy for Backwards - compatible .
for example , now the tracker will use the 6969 as the service port
for HTTP request , may be we can use the 7070 as the service port
for HTTPs request .
client can choose encrypt or not , right ?
Thu , Nov. 8th , 2007 08:59 am ( UTC )
( Anonymous ) : Perfect Forward Security
Oh , and by the way , the amount of CPU necessary to do a diffie - hellman key exchange is enough to be annoying , and if you 're making a connection via a trusted intermediary , like , say , a tracker , or already have a reasonably secret piece of shared information like , say , an infohash , there 's no need to use a diffie - hellman key exchange to establish a shared secret .
Imagining that crypto will stop being done by dilettantes is clearly a pipe dream though .
The reason is called perfect forward security ( http://www.cs.bu.edu/fac/itkis/pap/forward-secure-survey.pdf).
The reason is called perfect ( http://www.cs.bu.edu/fac/itkis/pap/forward-secure-survey.pdf).
Mon , Apr. 7th , 2008 04:33 pm ( UTC )
hasyer
---------------------
muhabbet
korku
msn nickleri
msn nickleri
netlog
Thank you .
(;---------------------
This article is a perfect illustrating of the wasteful , pork - barrel , political spending that we like to call “ homeland security . ”
And to think we could actually be spending this money on something useful .
When the fire department in the tiny Berkshire hamlet of Cheshire needed a new fire truck , it asked Uncle Sam for a little help .
The response last month was stunning : a $ 665,962 homeland security grant .
The award was nearly 26 times the annual budget of the volunteer fire department in the town of 3,500 .
And the rub :
The department is not allowed to spend it on a fire truck .
[…]
The town does have the Cheshire Cheese Monument , a sizable concrete sculpture of a cheese press commemorating a 1,450 - pound cheese hunk given by town elders to Thomas Jefferson in 1801 .
But its value as a terrorist target is not readily apparent .
[…]
… Sweet said he might use some of the money to recruit high school students .
Or he might put some of the windfall into a marketing campaign to lure volunteers to Cheshire .
“ It ’ll be on billboards , TVs , and radio stations , and that kind of stuff , ” he said .
“ We ’ll have to spend it wisely . ”
North Carolina Republican Congressman Howard Coble last week voted in favor of the resolution against the troop surge in Iraq .
And now someone wants him dead .
To TRAITOR Coble All traitors to America come to ugly ends either by the hand of God or by the hand of man .
This statement reflects perfectly the sentiment in the right - wing religious community .
It ’s sad how the concept of God is used by those who disagree with people .
It ’s the same thing that I hear from non-Jewish religious people– “ you ’re going to hell . ”
It ’s upsetting , it ’s disturbing and it ’s scary to know that there are people out there who believe in a God that strikes people down dead .
Why not debate , why not take action– why are they so focused on killing those who believe differently ?
Again , the religious right is so scared of Muslim extremists taking control of the United States they fail to see how their tactics are a mirror image .
arnezami Registered User
Join Date : Sep 2006 Posts : 390
Its incredible how not random this Volume ID is .
I just figured out what these " unique " 6 bytes are :
Code : 09 18 20 06 08 41
Code : King Kong | V|09/18/06 | guessable its even predictable !
Incredible .
What does this mean ?
This means that ( especially for future software player updates ) there would be no need for anyone to do a memdump / debug or anything .
Only once per Media Key Block Version does the Media Key have to be extracted by one person in the world .
If this is released everyone can decrypt any disc !!
This is opposed to having to design a reliable and working keyfinder program for a new version of a software player which may not be possible .
And that would mean that everyone who would want to retrieve a volume key would have to be pretty savvy ( using a real debugger etc ) and this would limit the amount and speed of volume key discovery .
What the above ( date / time ) essentially does is vaporize the whole Host and Drive revocation scheme .
Have they gone mad ?
Even if they do use proper unique Volume IDs from now on it will still be possible ( using a very simple USB software sniffer I used ) for less savvy people to get Volume IDs .
And having Volume ID + Media Key equals to Volume Unique Keys .
And the beauty is that a released Media Key does n't reveal the ( software ) player that has been compromised .
To confirm the above it would be nice if we had some more Volume IDs .
Maybe this date / time thing is only done by one distributer or something .
Do n't know .
We have to figure it out .
Since I only have one movie others would have to extract the Volume ID .
Finding the Volume ID
How did I find the Volume ID ?
There are essentially two ways ( now ) .
I used the USB sniffer ( with the xbox 360 HD DVD ) because I knew I did n't have to bother with the ( possibly obscured / wiped ) memory of the software player .
Download USB sniffer 1.8 then unzip and start it .
Select the " USB Mass Storage Device " ( I use the xbox 360 HD DVD drive ) and click install .
Unplug the HD DVD drive ( the usb cable ) and replug it again .
It will be recognized by windows and the sniffer starts logging .
Insert the Disc into the drive while the sniffer is .. well sniffing .
Then start WinDVD and immediatly quit when the video ( even the first black screen ) starts .
Then click ' Close ' on the sniffer .
You now have a huge log file ( 60 + MB or something ) .
Open it in WinHex ( pressing F7 for ascii only ) and search for the ascii string ( not hex search ! ) " 00000000 : 00 22 00 00 " including the spaces ( but excluding the quotes of course ) .
There was only one occurence of this in the whole file .
So it has to be the Volume ID .
Tata !
Btw : I used WinDVD but the above should also work for other players .
A different method ( but less reliable I think ) is to use WinDVD 's memdump .
Open WinDVD 's memdump in WinHex Hex search ( with WinHex ) for 002200004000 or alternatively 0020202020200000 . **
There you will ( usally ) find the Volume ID .
But I 'm not sure this will always work .
There may be more than one occurance .
You can check if the last 16 bytes ( of the 36 beginning with 0022 ) are random since that would have to be the MAC .
If its not random you have n't found it yet so you should go on searching until you do .
I 'm going to try to extract the media key .
I have no idea how difficult that will be ( if at all ) .
But if we have that we could make a program that decrypts all discs without needing any keys ( apart from the one media key ) .
I hope we can find at least a few Volume IDs .
If you retrieve one please also check the creation dates of the files / dirs on the disc and post it aswell .
Greetz ,
arnezami
PS .
Almost forgot : make sure you remove the last 16 bytes from the Volume ID log ( which is the MAC ) like I did in my first post .
This is because in theory they might be able to track down your drive with that part ... ( you do n't want that ) .
The Volume ID itself is for everybody the same ( with the same movie ) so that wo n't reveal anything about yourself .
** See this post for more Blu - Ray instructions .
Thanks evdberg .
That confirms this is in fact the Volume ID .
Its incredible howrandom this Volume ID is .
I just figured out what these " unique " 6 bytes are :
Here is part of the entry in our volume key list : Yep its a date ( 09/18/2006 ) and time ( 08:41 ) of the production .
Although its done very weird since the hex is interpreted as decimals .
But most importantly the Volume ID is not justits even !
Incredible .
What does this mean ?
This means that ( especially for future software player updates ) there would be no need for anyone to do a memdump / debug or anything .
Only once per Media Key Block Version does the Media Key have to be extracted byperson in the world .
If this is released everyone can decrypt any disc !!
This is opposed to having to design a reliable and working keyfinder program for a new version of a software player which may not be possible .
And that would mean that everyone who would want to retrieve a volume key would have to be pretty savvy ( using a real debugger etc ) and this would limit the amount and speed of volume key discovery .
What the above ( date / time ) essentially does is .
Have they gone mad ?
Even if they do use proper unique Volume IDs from now on it will still be possible ( using a very simple USB software sniffer I used ) for less savvy people to get Volume IDs .
And having Volume ID + Media Key equals to Volume Unique Keys .
And the beauty is that a released Media Key does n't reveal the ( software ) player that has been compromised .
To confirm the above it would be nice if we had some more Volume IDs .
Maybe this date / time thing is only done by one distributer or something .
Do n't know .
We have to figure it out .
Since I only have one movie others would have to extract the Volume ID .
How did I find the Volume ID ?
There are essentially two ways ( now ) .
I used the USB sniffer ( with the xbox 360 HD DVD ) because I knew I did n't have to bother with the ( possibly obscured / wiped ) memory of the software player .
Btw : I used WinDVD but the above should also work for other players .
A different method ( but less reliable I think ) is to use WinDVD 's memdump .
I 'm going to try to extract the media key .
I have no idea how difficult that will be ( if at all ) .
But if we have that we could make a program that decrypts all discs without needing any keys ( apart from the one media key ) .
I hope we can find at least a few Volume IDs .
If you retrieve one please also check the creation dates of the files / dirs on the disc and post it aswell .
Greetz , arnezamiPS .
Almost forgot : make sure you remove the last 16 bytes from the Volume ID log ( which is the MAC ) like I did in my first post .
This is because in theory they might be able to track down your drive with that part ... ( you do n't want that ) .
The Volume ID itself is for everybody the same ( with the same movie ) so that wo n't reveal anything about yourself Last edited by arnezami ; 10th February 2007 at 09:44 .
As a Marine Corps officer , I spent five years and five months in a prisoner of war camp in North Vietnam .
I believe this gives me a benchmark against which to measure the treatment which Sen.
Richard Durbin , Illinois Democrat , complained of at the Camp of Detention for Islamo - fascists at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
The senator ’s argument is silly .
If he believes what he has said his judgment is so poor that his countrymen , assuming , of course , that he considers us his countrymen , have no reason not to dismiss him as a witless boob .
On the other hand , if he does not believe what he said , the other members of the Senate may wish to consider censure .
Consider nutrition .
I have severe peripheral neuropathy in both legs as a residual of beriberi .
I am fortunate .
Some of my comrades suffer partial blindness or ischemic heart disease as a result of beriberi , a degenerate disease of peripheral nerves caused by a lack of thiamin , vitamin B - 1 .
It is easily treated but is extremely painful .
Did Mr. Durbin say that some of the Islamo - fascist prisoners are suffering from beriberi ?
Actually , the diet enjoyed by the prisoners seems to be healthy .
I saw the menu that Rep. Duncan Hunter presented a few days ago .
It looks as though the food given the detainees at Guantanamo is wholesome , nutritious and appealing .
I would be curious to hear Mr. Durbin explain how orange glazed chicken and rice pilaf can be compared to moldy bread laced with rat droppings .
In May 1969 , I was taken out for interrogation on suspicion of planning an escape .
I was forced to remain awake for long periods of time — three weeks on one occasion .
On the first of June , I was put in a cement box with a steel door , which sat out in the tropical summer sun .
There , I was put in leg irons which were then wired to a small stool .
In this position I could neither sit nor stand comfortably .
Within 10 days , every muscle in my body was in pain ( here began a shoulder injury which is now inoperable ) .
The heat was almost beyond bearing .
My feet had swollen , literally , to the size of footballs .
I cannot describe the pain .
When they took the leg irons off , they had to actually dig them out of the swollen flesh .
It was five days before I could walk , because the weight of the leg irons on my Achilles tendons had paralyzed them and hamstrung me .
I stayed in the box from June 1 until Nov. 10 , 1969 .
While in the box , I lost at least 30 pounds .
I would be curious to hear Mr. Durbin explain how this compares with having a female invade my private space , and whether a box in which the heat nearly killed me is the same as turning up the air conditioning .
The detainees at Guantanamo receive new Korans and prayer rugs , and the guards are instructed not to disturb the inmates ’ prayers .
Compare this with my experience in February 1971 , when I watched as armed men dragged from our cell , successively , four of my cell mates after having led us in the Lord ’s Prayer .
Their prayers were in defiance of a January 1971 regulation in which the Communists forbade any religious observances in our cells .
Does Mr. Durbin somehow argue that our behavior is the equivalent of the behavior of the Communists ?
Actually , I was one of the lucky ones .
At another camp , during the time I was being interrogated in the summer of 1969 , one man was tortured to death and several were severely beaten .
In fact , according to Headquarters Marine Corps , 20 percent of my fellow Marines failed to survive captivity .
Have 20 percent of the Islamo - fascists failed to survive Guantanamo ?
The argument that detainees at Guantanamo are being treated badly is specious and silly .
In the eyes of normal Americans , Democrats believe this argument because , as Jeanne Kirkpatrick said 20 years ago , they “ always blame America first . ”
This contributes to the increasing suspicion , in red states , a problem that Democrats are aware of and are trying to counter , that Democrats cannot be trusted with our national security .
Only the Democrats can change this perception , most recently articulated by White House adviser Karl Rove .
The ball is in their court and I am certain there are steps that they can take to change this perception , but making silly arguments about imaginary bad treatment of enemy detainees is not a move in the right direction .
James H. Warner is corporate counsel practicing intellectual property law in Northern Virginia .
He served as domestic policy adviser during the second Reagan administration .
Tony Blankey ’s column will appear tomorrow .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Any reader whose granny has just passed away and who can't really afford a decent send - off should ring Cumbria County Council which recently issued a permit for one chap to dispose of his deceased nan 's dismembered body parts at the local tip .
According to the Times and Star , 42 - year - old Dave Straughton of Workington called the authority for a " waste permit " .
His description of said garbage as " general domestic waste " did not satisfy the operative at the other end of the line who said Straughton " needed to be more specific " .
Straughton explained : " The man on the phone said they could n't accept that and I would n't get a permit unless I could be precise .
They kept pushing me to be more specific .
It 's crazy - it was just a bit of household rubbish . "
Straughton then duly specified he had a guitar and organ to dispose of and , in a fit of pique , " asked if they would accept dismembered body parts in bin bags " .
He recounted : " Amazingly , the council officer asked if that was what I was taking , replied okay and put the phone down . "
When the permit turned up a few days later , it read : " The following waste can be disposed : Guitar , Organ , Grandma 's dismembered body parts in bin bags . "
Sadly , the temporary council worker responsible for this tomfoolery got himself sacked for his trouble .
A Cumbria County Council statement explained that Straughton " first applied for a van permit to take rubbish to the Clay Flatts household waste recycling centre on November 9 " .
It continued : " Mr Straughton made it clear that he was not a supporter of the [ waste permit ] scheme and , when asked for a description of the waste he intended to bring to site , he replied : some old musical instruments and dismembered body parts of his grandma in bin bags .
Our call centre operative challenged this description , but Mr Straughton insisted this was the wording he wanted to appear on his permit .
" Regrettably , the permit was issued with this wording included .
The following day this was discovered by management , investigated , and the operative 's temporary contract was terminated .
We then wrote to Mr Straughton to apologise and issued him with a revised permit . "
For those of you wondering why Cumbria 's residents need a permit to turn up at the local tip with granny 's binlinered remains , we should explain that the council reckons " waste being dumped at centres across the county has gone down by over 20 per cent " since the scheme 's inception , leading to savings of " several hundred thousand pounds each year " .
Recycling has , on the other hand , increased , so if your local council decides that dead relatives should not be disposed of at the local dump , try composting granny at the end of the garden . ®
In the early days of the Web , all you needed to know to craft web sites was HTML .
More than a decade later , the situation has changed .
Modern web sites are a product of several distinct technologies , and web developers must be proficient in all of them HTML , CSS , JavaScript , and the DOM , among others .
Then a couple of years ago , AJAX came along and every web development tool on the market became obsolete overnight .
Today you can no longer rely strictly on tools that were designed for the creation of static pages .
This is where Firebug comes in .
Firebug , an extension I wrote for the Firefox browser ( www.mozilla.com), makes web development fun again .
Combined with your favorite text editor , the freely available Firebug ( www.joehewitt.com/software/firebug/) is a highly productive IDE for the complete stack of AJAX technologies .
Firebug Overview
Firebug 's biggest draw is its convenience .
As you browse with Firefox , you can open Firebug at any time to begin working on any page .
Firebug appears either as a separate window or as a small panel at the bottom of your browser .
Tabbed browsing and Firebug are best friends ; each tab can hold a separate Firebug session , which always reflects the current page as you browse .
Firebug breaks the page down into a set of tabs that depict its most important aspects HTML , CSS , JavaScript , the DOM , network activity , and a console for errors and log messages .
No tab is an island ; Firebug lets you browse code just as you browse the Web by presenting objects as hyperlinks that can take you from one view to another .
Wed , 16 Aug 2006
Why I Don't Like Dynamic Typing .
I 've just spent the last week or so coding in Python , a language I first picked up about eight years ago .
For a number of years , I used Python quite extensively but have found in the last year or so that I 'm tending to favor Ocaml for many of the tasks where I used to use Python .
A large part of the reason for this switch has to do with type checking ; the process where the compiler or run time environment checks whether operations on data held in variables is valid for the type of that data .
For instance , the concatenation operation is probably valid for strings and lists , but simply does n't make sense for integers .
The big difference between Ocaml and Python is that Ocaml uses static type checking while Python uses dynamic type checking .
For those too lazy to follow the links , static typing means that type and related correct - ness checking of the program is done by the compiler at compile time while languages that use dynamic typing do a large proportion of this checking at run time .
Here 's a Python example that bit me just today :
try : data = my_obj.read ( 1024 ) except : print " Read on ' %s ' failed " & my_obj.name ()
The error is that I had an ampersand ( the ' & ' character ) in the last line where I should have had a percent symbol .
The above code has an fatal bug but ran perfectly well for hours until the first time that my object 's read method threw an exception .
It was then that the print statement was type checked and thats when the program exited with the following error message :
TypeError : unsupported operand type(s ) for & : ' str ' and ' str '
This particular error is typical of a whole class of errors that can exist in dynamically typed programs [ 0 ] but may never show up until the program is in the hands of a user .
Personally , I think programs blowing up like this in the hands of users is unacceptable .
Unfortunately , its also extremely common ; so common that most regular computer users would have experienced things like this at least once .
To me , this is a failure of discipline of software engineering .
Many defenders of dynamic typing say that typing errors can be picked up in a test suite .
While I am a huge advocate of rigorous testing and test driven development , I 'm also way too lazy to write tests for every single code path including the exception handler for every single try / except block .
Especially when there is a better way .
My work with Python coincided with the publishing of an article on the Register 's Developer site titled Mathematical Approaches to Managing Defects .
This article also included a section on Formal Methods where the programming environment and process uses mathematical proofs to prove that a piece of code conforms to its specification .
A question asked in the article was " is proof more effective than testing for industrial scale programs ? " .
The answer according to a company specializing in high integrity / reliability software was :
" ... that ' proof appears to be substantially more efficient at finding faults than the most efficient testing phase ' .
This implies , of course , that you use both proof and testing on the project , where each technique is appropriate ( even though proof is more cost - effective at finding some errors than testing is at finding other errors , proof may not be able to find all errors ) . "
It then struck me that compile time type checking built into the programming language is in effect , a certain level of proof - like correct - ness testing .
Every error that is found at compile time is one less error that can occur at run time .
What 's more , the stronger the type system , the higher the level of correct - ness testing applied .
Unfortunately , not all statically typed languages are equal .
Languages like C and C++ are statically typed , but both have loopholes ( like pointers , casting and automatic type conversion ) which allow the programmer to bypass the type checking system and introduce bugs .
Languages like Ocaml , Haskell and Ada are statically typed but with fewer loopholes .
For instance , in Ocaml , there are no pointers , no implicit type conversions and the only typing loophole is the Marshal module .
If the programmer avoids the Marshal module , Ocaml 's type system is bullet proof .
As programmers we have to decide whether the current situation where our programming languages allow us to shoot ourselves in the foot is OK or whether we need to aim higher .
A first obvious step towards better software for users is choosing better programming languages ; languages that protect us as programmers from our own weaknesses .
Using such languages means that the programmer can spend less time manually checking for bugs ( something computers are better at anyway ) and more time thinking about algorithms , design and implementation issues ; the stuff that computers can't do .
[ 0 ]
Obviously , Python is not the only language in common usage that uses dynamic typing .
Others include Actionscript ( one of the most evil languages I 've ever had the misfortune to use ) , Javascript , Perl , Tcl , Ruby and a host of others .
Java on the other hand is statically typed with some loopholes and a run time which does some run time checking for things like casting operations .
It is therefore more type safe than C and C++ , but not as type safe as Ocaml , Haskell and Ada .
Posted at : 21:43 | Category : CodeHacking | Permalink
Product Information For High Interest Online Savings Accounts
How Do Online Savings Accounts Work
Over the last two decades , online banks have emerged to offer depositors higher rates on their online savings and money market accounts than are available in the major money center banks and in smaller brick - and - mortar banks .
Since these online banks do not have expensive branch networks to maintain , they usually pass some of their savings back to depositors in the form of higher rates .
All online banks and local banks listed on BestCashCow are FDIC Insured .
Unlike certificates of deposit ( CDs ) or time deposits , money in savings and money market accounts accrue interest on a daily rate .
The best yielding savings rates can conceivably change from day - to - day with new online banks emerging or existing banks more aggressively seeking to raise the capital accounts .
It is important to check back on BestCashCow regularly to be sure that your savings accounts continue to earn the most competitive rates , no matter what the rate environment is .
The table above lists the highest yielding online savings account rates .
Recent Performance of Online Savings And Money Market Accounts
BestCashCow data shows that the highest yielding online savings account and money market rates increased through 2017 and 2018 .
Rates have stabilized with the best rates well above 2.00 % in mid-2019 , and the next move in the Fed Funds rate as set by the Federal Reserve is uncertain .
The average online savings or money market rate exceeds the national average rate quite dramatically .
The graph below shows how the average rates for online savings and money market accounts have trended over the last several years .
Even while online savings rates have improved , the the average rate of all online and locally offered savings accounts in the BestCashCow rate database has increased more slowly and now sits at 0.22 % .
( The BestCashCow rate database , the largest in the US , contains rates on over 2,000,000 bank products from all 8,000 banks and 7,700 credit unions in the US . )
Best High Yield Savings or Money Market Accounts
Depending on where you live , there may be banks and credit unions offering rates still higher than the best online savings rates .
Check BestCashCow ’s list of the highest yielding local bank rates and the highest yielding credit union rates .
Best Online Bank Accounts with High Interest Rates
In the above table , you will find a list of the highest online savings account rates , ranked in descending order by interest rate currently offered .
Online bank accounts are slightly different in terms of their features and the services offered .
By reading the reviews of each bank , accessible from the rightmost column , you will be able to determine which bank is the best for you .
Please also refer to the section below entitled “ Best Online Savings Account Rates " .
Are Online Savings Accounts Safe ?
All bank accounts listed on BestCashCow are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( " FDIC " ) .
The FDIC is a federal government chartered institution that provides insurance to a maximum amount of $ 250,000 per individual per institution ( or $ 500,000 for joint account holders ) .
All deposits ( CDs , Checking , Savings Accounts ) held in the same type of ownership at a single financial institution are only insured to $ 250,000 .
However , funds held in different types of ownership ( Individual , Joint , Trust , Retirement ) may fall under separate FDIC insurance provisions .
BestCashCow.com strongly recommends that you deposit savings in only FDIC insured institutions and that you do not exceed FDIC coverage limits .
Please visit the FDIC 's website to determine your coverage limits based on your circumstances .
Advantages of Online Savings Accounts :
Higher interest rate .
Often top notch online functionality with 24/7 access , 365 days a year .
You can check your balance , update your contact info , make transfers , and order deposit slips at any time .
For more pressing issues , customer support is also usually accessible 24/7 , so you can talk to an actual human instead of your computer screen .
Superior online and mobile access .
Many traditional banks have been slow to adopt the best web and mobile features to improve the customer experience online .
Easy money transfer capabilities to and from a primary checking account .
Liquidity .
Depositors can withdraw their money at any time .
Disadvantages of Online Only Banks :
A variable interest rate .
While most leading online banks have not lowered rates significantly in past years , any savings rate can conceivably be lowered at any time .
There are often new entrants to the market that can disappear as quickly as they arrive on the scene .
Interaction is only via phone or Internet .
You cannot walk into a branch and talk to a customer service representative if you have a problem with your savings account .
Nonetheless , the leading , high profile online banks provide virtually instant phone access at all hours to a representative .
However , interaction with some of the smaller online banks can be more difficult as it is ordinarily limited to business hours in their area of operation .
You can not get cash or cashier 's checks instantly as you can in a branch bank , and matters where you need to rely on the US Postal system can lead to significant delays and obstacles .
There is no opportunity to build a relationship with a banker should you need a loan or additional services in the future .
What is the best account for easy access ?
Depending on where you live and how accessible the branch is , you may find that the best account for easy access is through a local bank or credit union .
However , today many high yielding savings and money market accounts provide such easy accessibility , including through mobile apps , and can enable such easy transfers to a correspondent account at a local bank through ACH transfers , that more and more people are opening accounts for cash and savings that they do not need immediately .
Is a high - yielding online savings account your best option ?
High - interest savings accounts are always an ideal place to keep your emergency fund or any money to which still you need ready access .
Your money will be safer than if you stuffed it under your mattress , and it will grow a bit , too .
Investors will find that keeping large amounts of money in savings and CDs provides them with lower returns but cushions them against market crashes like we experienced in 2000 and 2001 and again in 2008 and 2009 .
To see how savings and money market accounts compare with CDs or time deposits and bonds , view the BestCashCow income guide here .
Frequently Asked Questions About Online Savings Accounts
What is a savings account ?
A savings account is one of the simplest types of bank accounts .
It allows you to store cash securely and earn interest on your money .
What is a money market account ?
The differences between a savings account and a money market account are largely arcane .
Some savings accounts are limited by US federal regulations to six outbound transfers per month ( the bank may allow additional access for a fee ) .
Money market accounts are technically not bound by those limitations and offer more ways to access deposits by issuing checks and debit cards .
Prudent consumers will compare the two interchangeably , focusing primarily on rates and service among FDIC - insured banks ( or NCUA - insured , for credit unions ) .
Consumers who maximize their use of online savings and money market accounts access these accounts through ACH transfers that are easily set up on the online bank ’s website so the additional ways to access deposits that money market accounts offer are rarely valuable .
How to Open a Savings Account ?
The process of opening an online savings account or money market account is usually very simple .
Banks ordinary ask you a few questions to verify your identify .
These questions include seeking information from a state or government issued ID , such as a driver ’s license .
Due to increased US anti-money laundering rules and Department of Homeland Security requirements , it is very likely that you will also be asked to produce a photocopy of your license and a picture taken from your iPhone or other smartphone and emailed to the bank will ordinarily suffice .
The bank may ask for information regarding a correspondent account from which you intend to have them draw the money to provide the initial funding .
You therefore will need the ABA number and account number from an existing account that you have .
They will verify this account by having you log back in to confirm the amounts of one or two small deposits to your correspondent account before they draw the funds from this account .
Finally , many banks do a “ soft ” credit pull from Experian , Equifax or some other credit rating agency .
While your credit rating will ordinarily not be affected , the application process may involve your answering questions about where you have lived , loans you may have had , past employers or cars you may have owned .
Many people do not enjoy providing the amount of personal information required over the internet ; therefore , some of the larger online banks have 24 - 7 customer service to guide you through the process .
You can see the experiences of others with a given online savings bank that you are considering by reviewing the comments left in BestCashCow ’s table above .
Are online savings rates always better than rates at brick - and - mortar banks ?
No .
Online banks often offer higher savings and CD rates because they have lower expenses by not having to maintain brick - and - mortar locations .
You should also check rates at local banks and credit unions .
Unlike other websites , BestCashCow.com compiles all of these rates , listing them in an unbiased manner that shows the proximity of each bank or credit union to you .
Please access these rates using the tabs above .
Why do savings rates vary so much ?
Even though rates are at levels that are historically very low , there is competition for your money .
Like any active marketplace , there are buyers and sellers of goods and services at different prices .
How do I choose the right savings or money market account ?
Begin your search with the table here on BestCashCow.com .
In addition to checking online savings rates , you should also check local bank rates and local credit union rates .
What is the Best Fixed Rate Savings Account ?
BestCashCow strongly encourages people to avoid very short - term promotional rates .
The very nature of a savings or money market account is that the rate can change from one day to the next .
Savings rates may be guaranteed not to change for some very short length of time , but they are not fixed .
If you require a fixed rate or greater certainty that the rate that you are making will not change , you should consider CDs , which represent a time deposit , for some or all of your savings .
Should I consider CDs ?
If you are unlikely to require access to your cash for some time , you may also consider certificates of deposit ( CDs ) .
While CDs have penalties for early withdrawal that may even eat into your principal , the rates on 2 , 3 , 4 and 5 year CDs are ordinarily significantly higher than savings rates .
CDs also offer the certainty of rate stability for the term of the CD .
Several sections and articles on BestCashCow can also help you to identify your proper cash allocation between savings and CDs .
With savings rates at such low levels , does earning a higher savings rate or the best savings rate really mean anything to me ?
Even a difference of a couple of basis points ( hundredths of a percentage point ) can really add up over time , especially on large sums of money .
You may wish to familiarize yourself with the BestCashCow Savings Calculator in order to understand the importance of compounding interest at higher rates on your savings over time .
$ 250,000 deposited at a major money center bank like Chase , Citibank , Bank of America or Wells Fargo is likely earning less than 0.10 % APY .
That money is therefore making no more than $ 250 a year in interest .
That same $ 250,000 deposited at a leading online bank is earning over 1 % or over $ 2,500 .
Even though the increased earnings from high yield savings ( in this example , $ 2,250 annually ) is fully taxable at the federal and state and local levels , would n’t you like to be earning that extra income from high - yielding savings accounts ?
What does APY mean ?
If you have not accessed the BestCashCow Savings Calculator or mastered the magic of compounded earnings , here is the plain and simple truth :
“ APY ” stands for annual percentage yield .
Savings rates are displayed in terms of APY to indicate the effective annual - interest return , including the compounding of interest , over the course of a single year .
$ 100,000 deposited in a savings or CD account with a 1.20 % APY will earn $ 1,200 in the course of the year , but monthly interest in the first few months may be less than $ 100 a month ( this also depends on the number of days in the month ) .
Hence , the APY rate is ordinarily a couple of basis points above the real interest rates .
Unlike with a CD , your actual APY in a savings account or money market account may vary if the rate changes .
Are you still hesitant to open a high interest - earning online savings account ?
You need to make more than six withdrawals a month .
Avoid potential problems by opening a high earning online money market account ( some of the best rates available in the table above are actually from online money market accounts ) , opening a savings account at a bank which does not enforce the 6 transfer limit , tying your account to a correspondent bank ’s money market account or checking account at a major money center bank ( like Chase , Citibank , Wells Fargo , or Bank of America ) where you make one larger transfer each month .
Avoid potential problems by opening a high earning online money market account ( some of the best rates available in the table above are actually from online money market accounts ) , opening a savings account at a bank which does not enforce the 6 transfer limit , tying your account to a correspondent bank ’s money market account or checking account at a major money center bank ( like Chase , Citibank , Wells Fargo , or Bank of America ) where you make one larger transfer each month .
You like having access to a physical branch .
Find out what the minimum balance required to avoid fees on your account at your physical branch , then transfer the excess balances to a high yielding online savings or money market account .
You ’ll continue to have access to the physical interaction and services of the bank with which you are used to banking , but you will also be dramatically increasing the interest earned on cash you do n’t need over time .
Find out what the minimum balance required to avoid fees on your account at your physical branch , then transfer the excess balances to a high yielding online savings or money market account .
You ’ll continue to have access to the physical interaction and services of the bank with which you are used to banking , but you will also be dramatically increasing the interest earned on cash you do n’t need over time .
You need to deposit large sums of cash or checks in excess of the online bank ’s mobile deposit limit .
In this case , you need access to a physical branch .
See point 2 , above .
in excess of the online bank ’s mobile deposit limit .
In this case , you need access to a physical branch .
See point 2 , above .
You want one institution to handle all of your financial matters .
Most online banks do not offer mortgages , credit cards and brokerage services .
There is no financial advantage to keeping all of your financial transactions in one or even a handful of institutions .
What is a health savings account ?
Here are some common reasons people hold off :
A health savings account ( or HSA ) is a tax advantaged medical savings account available to taxpayers in the United States who are enrolled in a high - deductible health plan ( HDHP ) .
The funds contributed to this kind of account are not subject to federal income tax at the time of deposit .
According to IRS Publication 969 ( 2016 ) , the interest or other earnings on the assets in the account are tax free and distributions may be tax free if you pay qualified medical expenses or other expenses not covered by health insurance such as dental or vision care .
Due to the tax advantages of a health savings account , these accounts should be set up separately through banks offering them ( such as Chase or Bank of America ) and their assets should not be comingled with a high yielding online savings account .
We know of no online banks currently offering HSAs .
What is an education savings account ?
Education savings accounts , such as Coverdell Education savings accounts and 529 plans , are accounts that allow family members to obtain certain tax advantages through setting aside funds for a child ’s future education .
529 programs are administered at the state level and you must invest in programs they administer ; Coverdell education savings accounts are move flexible ( and generally follow the same rules as IRAs ) , however we know of no online banks currently offering Coverdell Education savings accounts .
What is a child savings account ?
A child savings account is a savings account in the name of the child with a parent or guardian named as the custodian on the account until the child reaches the age of 18 or 21 ( depending of the child ’s state of residency ) .
A child savings account can be a great way to teach your child the importance of saving money from a young age .
More information on child savings accounts can be found here .
Ally and Capital One 360 are among the few online banks offering child savings accounts .
By Kevin Young
Entertainment reporter , BBC News
Gore has branched out into TV and environmental campaigning
" The person who has the most money to run the most ads usually wins , " he told the Edinburgh TV Festival .
It was " astonishing " that the average American devoted nearly five hours a day to TV viewing , he added .
And Mr Gore asserted the internet was making TV more accessible and letting people join a " multi-way conversation " .
He called this an important move because people could find and distribute information , and then watch as it was judged by others in terms of quality .
Amateur film - makers
Mr Gore has become an environmental campaigner , and is in Edinburgh partly to promote his film and book , An Inconvenient Truth , which address the climate change crisis .
He is also president of CurrentTV , a channel that champions the work of " amateur " programme - makers who may be making names for themselves online .
In my country , the average American watches television for four hours and 39 minutes a day .
Astonishing , really
Al Gore
About 30 % of his station 's output originates in this way but that this was likely to increase in the future , he added .
On the subject of the expenditure of political parties , Mr Gore , a Democrat , said : " Two days ago , I was at an event helping to raise money for a candidate of my political party , running for governor in one of our most populous states .
" I asked the question of him : ' What percentage of your campaign budget , between now and election day in November , will be spent on television commercials ?'
" The answer was 80 % , " he told an audience of several hundred media industry figures on the final day of the festival .
" In my country , the average American watches television for four hours and 39 minutes a day .
Astonishing , really .
" That 's why candidates spend 80 % of their money on advertising campaigns . "
Advertising reaction
TV commercials lasting 30 seconds were " not thoughtful statements of policy " but were " usually emotive " and " well - tested " on focus groups , he said .
And he claimed the power of modern advertising had led to the ability to create demand for products " artificially " .
" Now you sometimes see , in extreme cases , advertising created before the product , and then the product is based on what looks as if it 's going to succeed .
" That same phenomenon has now happened to democracy , " he said , suggesting that too often , political parties made decisions based on reactions to their advertising campaigns .
Adjust font size :
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
A senior State Department official told Arab satellite station Al Jazeera on Saturday that there is a strong possibility history will show the United States displayed " arrogance " and " stupidity " in its handling of the Iraq war .
Alberto Fernandez gave the Qatar - based station the 35 - minute interview from Washington , where he is director of the Office of Press and Public Diplomacy in the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs .
" History will decide what role the United States played , " he said in Arabic , based on CNN translations .
" And , God willing , we tried to do our best in Iraq .
" But I think there is a big possibility ( inaudible ) for extreme criticism and because undoubtedly there was arrogance and stupidity from the United States in Iraq . "
Responding to Fernandez 's comments , a senior Bush administration official said : " I can only assume his remarks must have been mistranslated .
Those comments obviously do n't reflect our policy . "
Fernandez told CNN he was replying to a question about how people will assess the United States in the future , and he said he thought that was how the country would be judged .
He was defending U.S. policy in a region where everyone dislikes the United States , he said , and was doing so in an aggressive way that was faithful to U.S. policy and trying to put it in the best light .
He was " not dissing U.S. policy , " he said .
" I know what the policy is and what the red lines are , and nothing I said has n't been said before by senior officials , " Fernandez told CNN .
" Nothing I said during this interview broke new ground . "
He referred to comments made by Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice in March as an example .
Rice , during a visit to Blackburn , England , acknowledged to journalists that mistakes had been made in the war .
" I am quite certain there are going to be dissertations written about the mistakes of the Bush administration , " she said .
" I know we 've made tactical errors , thousands of them , I 'm sure , " Rice said .
" But when you look back in history , what will be judged " is whether the " right strategic decision " was made .
Ousting Saddam Hussein was the correct thing to do , because he was a threat to the international community , she added .
CNN 's Elise Labott , Elaine Quijano and Octavia Nasr contributed to this report .
The Japanese government has just released their crime statistics for 2006 , which show crimes by non-permanent resident foreigners in Japan are down 16.2 % from a record high logged the year before .
Unfortunately not everyone was impressed with these figures .
A few days ago word broke out on foreign activist and anti-racism campaigner Arudou Debito ’s site of a new very racist , and particularly “ anti- gaijin in Japan ” magazine called 外人犯罪裏ファイル ( gaijin hanzai ura fairu ) , which has been variously translated as “ Shocking Foreigner Crime : The Undercover File ” or “ Secret Files of Foreigners ’ Crimes ” .
The magazine was widely available in convenience stores , book stores and online .
The magazine is subtitled “ The 2007 White Paper on Foreigner Crime ” and the general theme is that foreigners in Japan are largely responsible for the crime rate .
Throw in a bit of bad language and a bit of racist slang and you ’ve got a pretty good idea of where this is going .
The book is littered with crude caricatures of foreigners , photos of shattered glass ( which may or may not have been caused by bullets , ) and pixellated photos which purportedly show foreigners caught in the act .
Many of the stories seem to focus on Japanese girls wanting to be with gaijin guys – Jealousy ?
While I get the impression the magazines goal is to stir up fear of a foreign crime wave , the editors seem to be easily distracted .
Several stories , as pictured here , are focussed not on the foreigner crime wave , but instead on interracial dating , prostitution on and around US military bases ( just the buying end ) , and Korean and other Asian prostitutes in Tokyo ( just the selling end . )
Outrage over the magazine has been widely vented , including in The Times and in Yahoo News .
However , the editorial director of Tokyo - based publishers Eichi , Shigeki Saka , has defended the magazine and insists that it is not racist , despite several references to black men in the magazine as “ nigger ( ニガー、niggaa ) . ”
He justified the publication by saying that “ This is not a racist book , because it is based on established fact . ”
He continued that “ if we wanted to be racist , we could write it in a much more racist way , ” and then explained that the word “ nigger ” was not racist because it is not considered offensive in Japan .
He refused to issue an apology , justifying himself by saying “ If you read the magazine , you ’ll see there ’s no single discriminatory phrase , so I do n’t know why should I apologise . ”
According to an update posted by Debito the magazine has since been recalled by Family Mart , who has now issued an official apology on their website for stocking the “ 不愉快な ( fuyukai , unpleasant ) ” magazine at all .
Here at Stippy.com we had to make an emergency dash to the local WonderGoo to pick up the last copy before they were removed there as well .
A bit of research though indicates that it is still available on Amazon.
co.jp , and they apparently have no intention of pulling it .
Amazon said that they believe “ … it is censorship not to offer for sale certain titles with repugnant or distasteful content ” and insisting that “… [ they ] will continue to make controversial works available in the UK and everywhere else , except where they are prohibited by law . ”
Looking at the list of other recommended books at the Amazon .
co.jp page though indicates that it is n’t necessarily Japanese buyers with a fondness for racism lapping them up .
In the “ Customers who bought this item also bought … ” section it lists mainly Japanese language texts , including one for “ Reading Comprehension for Level 1 Japanese Proficiency Exam ” .
It seems that it is largely foreigners who are searching for the books online , if not in the shops as well .
Either that , or the young uyoku kiddies are working to brush up their Japanese a bit before they sit for their scooter licence exams .
Some of the comments by Amazon customers are comforting to see , basically slamming this magazine for the xenophobic and racist propaganda that it is :
Amazon.com Comment 1 – 日本人の恥 : この本は海外の有力新聞で紹介され、日本人がいかに人種差別を容認しているかという証拠物件のように扱われています。ハッキリ言って日本人の恥です。戦前のナチスドイツで似たような内容の本がユダヤ人について出版されていたと指摘されています。実際、日本の犯罪のほとんどは日本人が行っているわけだし、世界的に見ても日本は外国人による犯罪が極端に少ない国であるわけだから、こういう本が出版される正当性はありません。しかも、外国人の犯罪を問題視するのなら、どうして日本人女性をナンパする外人まで同列に扱っているのでしょう？ナンパは犯罪ですか？単にダメな奴らのヒガミじゃないんですか？
Amazon.com Comment 2 – 人種差別本 : 差別用語を頻繁に用い、内容が低レベル。著者には日本人として多大な劣等意識があると思われる。無知な日本人には外国人に対する偏見を植えつけてしまう。
Of course , it ’s impressive to see that a strong campaign by foreign activists was able to get some stores in Japan to reconsider stocking this tract .
Nevertheless , I ’m curious about how many of those complaining had actually read it .
The sites listed above do have links to pictures of a couple of pages scanned from the magazine , and of course the content looks terrible , but it is not easy to get a good idea for what the articles are actually advocating .
For this reason , the team here at Stippy.com has decided to perform a bit of a public service and fully translate some of the articles for those who either ca n’t get their hands on the mag , or for any non-Japanese speakers here who would like to know what all the fuss is about .
We ’ll start today with a rough outline of the contents , and if there ’s any particular story you ’d like to know more about leave us your vote in the comments .
“ Gaijin Hanzai Ura File ” – Table of Contents ( Which would you like to see translated on Stippy ? ? ) :
p2 , Tokyo Lawless Zone – Whether it ’s Chinese and Black people in Shinjuku , Iranians in Shibuya , or multicultural carnage underway in Roppongi , foreign criminals are taking over all of Tokyo .
What will happen next !?
– Whether it ’s Chinese and Black people in Shinjuku , Iranians in Shibuya , or multicultural carnage underway in Roppongi , foreign criminals are taking over all of Tokyo .
What will happen next !?
p10 , The Kidnapping Incident of a Shibuya Women ’s University Student – Foreign criminals are starting to co-operate , and someone is going to get abducted !
– Foreign criminals are starting to co-operate , and someone is going to get abducted !
p18 , The Murder of a Brazilian Mother and Child in Yaizu – Murdered by a foreigner , of course .
– Murdered by a foreigner , of course .
p30 , The Heinousness of Robbery Gangs – A gang of lethal outlaws is targeting Japan !
– A gang of lethal outlaws is targeting Japan !
p32 , Why is Japan Being Targeted ?
–
An academic explains .
– An academic explains .
p46 , Interview With the National Police Agency :
We are going to go after foreign crime with everything we ’ve got !
–
Actually , it ’s surprisingly restrained and politically correct .
Someone should have done a better job of misquoting them .
– Actually , it ’s surprisingly restrained and politically correct .
Someone should have done a better job of misquoting them .
p49 , The Top 10 Major Foreigner Crimes That Horrified Japan – Including a story about the “ Chilean Geisha ” , who seems to be guilty of receiving gifts bought with money embezzled by a Japanese Government Official !
– Including a story about the “ Chilean Geisha ” , who seems to be guilty of receiving gifts bought with money embezzled by a Japanese Government Official !
p60 , The Crime Business of North Korea :
An evil nation in a league of it ’s own .
– Perhaps it ’s not quite relevant , but according the policeman at the local koban the North Koreans stole my last scooter .
– Perhaps it ’s not quite relevant , but according the policeman at the local koban the North Koreans stole my last scooter .
p65 , The Murder of a Family of Four in Fukuoka – A gruesome story of murder by a gang of Chinese foreign students , expertly simplified into a six page manga story !
– A gruesome story of murder by a gang of Chinese foreign students , expertly simplified into a six page manga story !
p73 , The Kidnapping Incident of a Women ’s University Student in Shibuya – Another six page manga , but this time with a happy ending .
A true tale of heroism .
Possibly slightly exaggerated .
– Another six page manga , but this time with a happy ending .
A true tale of heroism .
Possibly slightly exaggerated .
p79 , Interview with a Former Metropolitan Police Department Detective : “ The age where everyone is a target ” – Apparently a well - planned , well - organised , unbelievable incident beyond your wildest imagination will occur sometime after spring .
What could this ambiguous incident possibly be !
– Apparently a well - planned , well - organised , unbelievable incident beyond your wildest imagination will occur sometime after spring .
What could this ambiguous incident possibly be !
p82 , Murder on a Pig Farm in Chiba – Another manga , this time four pages , documenting a murder , committed by a foreigner , on a pig farm … in rural Chiba Prefecture .
– Another manga , this time four pages , documenting a murder , committed by a foreigner , on a pig farm … in rural Chiba Prefecture .
p88 , A History of Foreign Cults –
You never know when a foreigner might force you to believe in a crazy religion against your own will !
– You never know when a foreigner might force you to believe in a crazy religion against your own will !
p96 , What the CIA is Doing in Japan – Are they a friend or an enemy ?
– Are they a friend or an enemy ?
p97 , Shocking Photo Scoop ! :
A top secret facility for foreign sex workers in Kabukicho – Not very top secret anymore , I ’m afraid .
– Not very top secret anymore , I ’m afraid .
p108 , Cracking Down on the Asian Prostitution Trade – Tales of forced prostitution in Kabukicho , an otherwise family friendly safe haven .
– Tales of forced prostitution in Kabukicho , an otherwise family friendly safe haven .
p110 , Korean Prostitution in Uguisudani – Including answers to eight questions you always wanted to ask about Korean prostitutes .
Do they practice safe sex ?
Do they hate the Japanese ?
And what is that Kim - chi smell ?
– Including answers to eight questions you always wanted to ask about Korean prostitutes .
Do they practice safe sex ?
Do they hate the Japanese ?
And what is that Kim - chi smell ?
p113 , 2006 Foreigner Crime Database – 13 pages , with all you need to know about 187 evil deeds committed in 2006 .
Kind of what you would expect in a newsprint version of “ America ’s Most Wanted , ” except perhaps not quite as intellectually stimulating .
– 13 pages , with all you need to know about 187 evil deeds committed in 2006 .
Kind of what you would expect in a newsprint version of “ America ’s Most Wanted , ” except perhaps not quite as intellectually stimulating .
p126 , Trends and Countermeasures for 2007 – Will you be able to protect yourself ?
Let us know which you would like to see translated in the comments , and why !
( You ’ll have to convince us to get of our bums and translate ..!)
Instead , third parties providing applications or services which require access to our consumers ’ data on their behalf have to apply for access and provide evidence that they are honoring our policies and guidelines .
To protect the security and privacy of our users , those scopes are not available for self - served setup in the developer console .
While we no longer support proprietary Mail API ’s we are happy to provide access through standard interfaces such as IMAP , CardDav , and CalDav with Oauth2 support , subject to our policies including the restrictions in this document .
Access to Verizon Media ’s Mail services is one of the top requests we receive from the application developer community .
We welcome interesting ideas and products which aim at elevating the email experience for our customers .
Our Policy ¶
Developers must be honest and accurate in their request and description of their application or service they are requesting access for .
Developers need to provide clear information about the identity of the application or service and the requestor .
Developers must accurately and thoroughly describe their application and services and how they will use and control data obtained through our APIs .
Developers may only use the approved APIs to provide services directly to our customers .
Developers are not allowed to build services on top of our APIs which are intended to re-create the functionality those APIs provide and offer them for use by other non-approved third parties .
Developers may only use the data available through our APIs to provide relevant , user - facing functionality aimed at improving or augmenting the email , calendar and contact experience through the approved application .
For example , using the data for the user - facing functionality to provide consumer benefits of flight or expense tracking is permitted .
Developers may not transfer or sell the data to other third parties .
In addition , the data may not be used to create audience or user targeting segments for advertising , profiling for content personalization , monetization , or email engagement tracking purposes or for other purposes not directly related to the user - facing functionality .
Sharing data with third parties to provide the user facing functionality or sharing data created by such functionality with third parties for consumer research or other reasons is not permitted .
Developers ’ privacy and security policies and all related in - product notifications need to be easily accessible to the user and accurate .
Developers ’ policies must disclose all manners in which the application or service is collecting and using data received from Verizon Media , what data is collected and used and how users can control that access .
In addition developers must comply with all applicable laws and regulations .
Developers ’ application must be honest and transparent with users and provide the exact purpose for requiring access to Verizon Media mail data .
The application or service must notify users and collect consent for each use case requiring access .
Developers are required to demonstrate that their application and services meet minimum security standards to mitigate the risk of data breach and ensure the secure handling and storage of data obtained through Verizon Media ’s APIs .
Developers agree to use our APIs in accordance with our APIs Terms of Use and any additional terms that we require Developers agree to in order to access our APIs .
If a Developer is found not to be in compliance with any of the foregoing terms , this policy , or any other Verizon Media policy that is applicable to the APIs , without limiting any other remedies Verizon Media may have , Verizon Media may revoke or suspend the Developer ’s access to the APIs and other Verizon Media products and services .
Unless otherwise prohibited , Verizon Media reserves the right to revoke access to the APIs at any time and to impose rate limiting if appropriate or necessary .
Tom Lange knows more about flying Pringles than probably anyone alive .
As director of modeling and simulation at Procter & Gamble Co. , it 's Lange 's job to use finite element analysis to predict what something will smell like , whether a bottle will break , and if a Pringles chip will take flight .
" We break things into a million little parts and then write simple math equations about how each little part affects the other parts , " says Lange , who is responsible for the economic , as well as structural , analysis of different materials .
His latest challenge was to analyze airflow around the unique double - saddle design of Pringles chips .
" Air flow over Pringles has some very unusual behavior , " says Lange .
" It sheds vortices and creates lift that causes the chip to be unstable . "
In English that means the chips will fly off the conveyer belt if production is throttled up .
Though he wo n't say what modifications they made , " we were able to speed things up , " says Lange , who adds , " I have the coolest job . "
Nearly all of us - nearly all of us who live in the United States , at least - have spent all our lives looking at the same style of paper currency : those things that say " Federal Reserve Note " and have a dead President in the center of the bill in an oval frame .
Now that the Bureau of Engraving and Printing has begun distributing a new design of U.S. currency , we 've started seeing some variations in the theme ; certainly we get to see the details of the portrait engravers ' work much more clearly .
Still , though , we rarely stop to appreciate the skill and artistry of the engravers ... after all , it 's just money .
We just take it out and spend it .
But what if the Bureau of Engraving and Printing decided , as they did in the 1890s , to use our paper money as a showcase for art ?
Silver certificates are an older form of U.S. currency ; their value was backed by silver held in the U.S. Treasury , and they could be redeemed at the Treasury for silver dollars .
An 1886 Act of Congress authorized the creation of a new series of silver certificates , and so it came to pass that the Secretary of the Treasury gave the Bureau of Engraving and Printing the task of designing and printing the new currency .
Claude M. Johnson , then Chief of the BEP , had definite ideas about the role of art in paper money .
By 1893 Johnson and the BEP had decided on four artists - the muralists Edwin H. Blashfield , Will H. Low , C. S. Reinhart and Walter Shirlaw - to design the new currency , and planned to award a commission of $ 800 for each design the BEP accepted .
The noted artists , together with the BEP 's talented engravers , created a new currency of unparalleled beauty - extraordinary designs , the likes of which had never been seen before in the U.S. and have never been equalled since .
Will H. Low 's design for the $ 1 note , entitled History Instructing Youth , shows a female History with a young student standing beside her , gesturing to an open book of history before her .
An olive branch rests against the book , holding it open to show the Constitution of the United States upon the page .
Both the Washington Memorial and the Capitol Dome can be seen in the background landscape .
The outside border of the note shows 23 wreaths , each bearing the name of a noteworthy American - not surprisingly starting with Washington , Jefferson and Franklin , but also including such names as poet Henry Longfellow , inventor Robert Fulton , and author Nathaniel Hawthorne , among many others .
The seal of the Treasury appears in the lower right .
Low 's original painting , which now hangs in the BEP's Washington , D.C. offices , was slowly and artfully reproduced as an intaglio printing plate by the BEP 's talented engraving staff .
Shortly after the $ 1 bill was released to the public , Bureau engraver G.F.C.
Smillie was informed by a friend that the word tranquillity was misspelled in the tiny Constitution that adorned the book .
" Rats , " Smillie reportedly replied .
" The word was spelled that way in the original Constitution ... "
Smillie was , of course , correct ... even though , at the time , tranquillity ( with two " l "s ) was the accepted spelling .
" Now at the Bureau of Engraving and Printing we must ' follow copy , ' " a Bureau spokesman later stated , " and can not demonstrate superior knowledge in the face of absolute authority .
Hence , ' tranquility ' is on the new note .
There is plenty of authority for spelling that word economically in respect to ' l's . "
The $ 1 note was released to the public on July 14 , 1896 , the first of the series to be put into circulation .
Because of the public 's unfamiliarity with the new money , though , some people began illegally " raising " the values of the bills by changing the numbers in the corners and then passing the notes off as " the new $ 5 s " or " the new $ 10s " .
The memory of this may be why the present - day U.S.
Treasury chose to release the highest denominations of our new currency first , and then slowly proceeded downwards as people grew accustomed to the new designs .
( It would make little sense for a counterfeiter to take a new $ 100 bill and try to persuade people it was a new style of $ 1 . )
The back of the 1896 $ 1 , featuring intricate geometric lathe work and a winged , shield - bearing Liberty in each of the upper corners , carries traditionally - styled portraits of both George and Martha Washington .
The portraits were engraved by Alfred Sealey and Charles Burt , respectively , and the overall design of the back was the work of Thomas F. Morris .
Recently made the Chief of the BEP 's engraving division , Morris had his own concerns about the 1896 note designs .
They were the only notes since 1861 which had no geometric lathe designs on the face of the notes , and the intricate lathe - work served as a strong deterrent to counterfeiters .
Perhaps this accounts for the unusually intricate and thorough lathe - work which Morris applied to the backs of the 1896 designs .
People being what they are , there were several public statements that the central " One " on the note was irresponsible .
The reasoning was thus : " no one should come between George and Martha Washington " .
Do n't blame me .
I do n't make the news .
I only report it .
Low 's original design for the 1896 $ 2 note , Peace and War ( or Peace and Defence ) , shows a female Peace and a male War sitting on opposite sides of a stone bench .
Peace 's extended olive branch crosses the sword of War , with a stone eagle standing over the branch and weapon - a visual allegory of the bald eagle which holds olive branches and arrows on the nation 's Great Seal .
At Peace 's feet is a farming scythe , or possibly a ploughshare ; at War 's feet , a cannon .
As has been noted , BEP Chief Claude M. Johnson had strong artistic opinions .
He requested a number of changes to the design , adjusting Peace 's chin and hair and repositioning the head of War , changes which Low capably executed .
After these adjustments were made , however , Johnson still was n't satisfied with the design .
Johnson finally decided to reject the design , choosing instead to take E.H. Blashfield 's design for the $ 50 note and adapt it for the $ 2 .
Johnson 's decision was not well - received by either artist .
Blashfield objected for artistic reasons , as shall be seen , but Low 's objections were on a more pragmatic level : he did n't get paid for this design .
Thankfully the third artist , Walter Shirlaw , was uninvolved in the conflict , and thus was left undisturbed to design the all - time masterpiece of American currency .
Electricity Presenting Light To The World is an extraordinary work .
A winged female Electricity holds an electric lamp aloft high over America .
At left , Jupiter holds the lightning in his right hand which powers the lamp ; in his left hand reins of lightning yoke his horses .
Fame sits at Electricity 's left , trumpeting her achievement to the world .
To Electricity 's right is a bald eagle , standing guard over the Western Hemisphere .
Behind the eagle , with the U.S. Capitol in the background , is Peace , her left hand upraised beside a dove .
This remarkable blend of legend , patriotism and beauty came together to create a note widely regarded to be the most beautiful currency in U.S. history .
Shirlaw 's skill as a muralist was obvious , but the borders of his original design seemed inappropriate to chief engraver Morris .
Morris worked to convince Claude M. Johnson , the BEP 's chief , that a different border design would be needed for the design 's usage as currency .
Johnson agreed , and Morris replaced the squares and shield designs on the original design with the intricate leaves and scrolling ribbons that appear on the finished note .
" The arrangement of this composition , " the New York Times wrote , " the grace of pose in each figure , and the Idea connected with the designs of this artist entitle it to a place beside the finest allegorical designs in the world . "
Though the design is not as well - known today , many who are familiar with the piece still believe this statement to be true .
Though most people were impressed with what the Times called the bill 's " beautiful and imposing " design , however , Anthony Comstock was not .
Comstock , a religious fundamentalist and founder of the Watch and Ward Society , found the use of feminine nudity on the nation 's currency to be appalling and loathesome .
The Society therefore actively campaigned for the recalling of all the bills .
To appease this radical group , the BEP made plans to install more clothing on the figures for the 1897 issue of the note .
It 's of interest , perhaps , to note that the U.S. Mint has also faced difficulties with the Watch and Ward Society .
The " Standing Liberty " quarter of 1916 , pictured at left , raised the Society 's objections to Liberty 's partially - uncovered breast , and because of their opinionated influence the coin was redesigned soon later .
Perhaps to make a point of their own , the Mint 's artisans chose to cover Liberty 's breast with ring - mail armor .
General Ulysses S. Grant graces the left side of the $ 5 note 's reverse , with General Philip Sheridan on the right and a winged and shielded Liberty in between .
One can only imagine how this note was received in the South , issued only thirty - one years after the Civil War with two victorious Northern generals pictured on the back .
Though the two side portraits were engraved by Lorenzo Hatch , the face of Liberty has been said to " greatly resemble the wife of Thomas F. Morris " ; this suggests , quite reasonably , that the central figure and the beautiful lathe - work were his .
Edwin H. Blashfield 's Science Presenting Steam And Electricity To Commerce
And Manufacture appears on the $ 2 bills of the 1896 series .
A wise and matronly Science presents her two young charges to the flanking figures of Commerce and Manufacture , who look on with upturned faces .
The young Electricity carries a coil of wire wound into an electromagnet ; Steam , slightly more mature , holds a lever which controls the gear of an engine .
Tall fronds form a central circle for the figures , framing them and setting them off sharply from the white background ; the sides of the note are filled out with carved mantels and shields .
Blashfield originally intended this design for the $ 50 note , but when Will H. Low 's original design for the $ 2 was rejected Bureau Chief Johnson called for this design of Blashfield 's to replace it .
Blashfield resisted the change .
" Please tell Mr. Johnson , " he wrote to G.F.C. Smillie on April 18 , 1895 , " that in addition to my other reasons ...
I also object distinctly on artistic grounds to the change from fifty to a two .
You can easily see that the 50 is an important compositional factor in the building up of my design ...
It could be changed to a twenty or a ten , without any injury to the balance of the composition but not to any denomination expressed by a single numeral . "
Blashfield 's objection was quite valid , as can be seen .
Nonetheless work on the $ 2 notes proceeded , and though the center of the note is indeed somewhat heavily weighted the note is still considered elegant , dignified and effective .
Robert Fulton , inventor of the steam engine , and Samuel F. B. Morse , inventor of the telegraph , share the back of the 1896 $ 2 note in twin portraits engraved by Lorenzo Hatch .
Thomas F. Morris created the remainder of the design .
It is perhaps the only bill in United States history to give tribute to scientists and inventors alone while neglecting the usual display of generals and politicians .
Shirlaw 's beautiful design for the $ 10 note , Agriculture and Forestry , represents its two subjects as graceful , vigorous figures standing hand - in - hand .
The energy of the two is emphasized by a haze of sunbeams which set the couple off from the note 's background .
An old but beautiful woman , representing the South , sits to the right of the couple , holding a large jug of wine ; to the left is a youth representing the West , two doves alighted on the border beside him .
Ocean waves play about the couple 's feet , and the borders of the note are replete with a cornucopia of corn , grains , fruits and flowers .
This $ 10 note , anticipated for some time , was never released .
However popular the 1896 artwork may have been to the public , it proved to be unpopular with bankers .
" All judges of good designs and workmanship have admitted the superiority of the new notes to anything ever before produced by the Government , " the Times reported on August 15 , 1897 .
However , it continues , " Bankers have generally denounced them as the most unsatisfactory notes ever issued ... the denominations of the notes were not distinctly marked .
Paying tellers depend upon the figure in the upper left - hand corner , to guide the eye in counting bills rapidly handled . "
( Certainly this was a legitimate complaint in the case of the $ 10 note , where the numerals are a considerable distance from the corners . )
Also , because of the high amount of fine inkwork used in the backgrounds , " complaint was heard that the new notes became smudgy and suspicious - looking with a little use " .
The BEP designers began work on correcting these problems .
Engravers began the process of creating new plates for the series , adding large open spaces of uninked background and making the corner numbers clearer and more prominent .
Geometric lathe - work was also designed into the front upper corners of the revised bills , as an added deterrent to counterfeiting .
Politics , however , chose this moment to step in and play the 1896 currency a devastating blow .
The new currency designs had been progressing with the approval of J. G. Carlisle , the Secretary of the Treasury under President Grover Cleveland .
Cleveland chose to retire at the end of 1896 , leaving the Presidency open to either the " free - silver " advocate William Jennings Bryan or the Republican William McKinley .
Neither candidate was ideal for Carlisle ; he disapproved of Bryan 's free - silver movement , believing it would lead to monetary instability , yet being a prominent Democrat he could not bring himself to continue in his office under the Republican McKinley .
And so it was that , when McKinley was elected at year 's end , Secretary Carlisle retired and the Treasury was placed in the hands of a new Secretary , Lyman J. Gage .
Secretary Gage , a bank president , preferred practicality to artistry .
Shortly after taking office in 1897 he stopped the work of refining the 1896 designs , and instead announced his plans to have " practically one design " for all United States currency .
The new designs would be simple , clear and straightforward .
" Neither will fresco painters be called in to make [ future currency ] designs " , the Times reported on May 4 , 1897 .
" It can be said authoritatively ... that no more of the so - called ' new certificates ' will be printed , " the Times went on to say .
" It may take years to wipe out the entire issue and substitute bills . "
The currency designs submitted to the BEP by the fourth artist , C. S. Reinhart , appear to have all been lost or destroyed .
All that remains now of his efforts are some archived letters between Reinhart and the Bureau , referring to designs with tantalizing names like The United States Crowning Education and Labor and the $ 20 Mayflower Note .
Those designs are now lost , though perhaps echoes of the former can be seen in a BEP experimental die - made over a half - century later , in 1951 - entitled Success Crowning Commerce and Labor .
Two other artists , at least , have been recorded as submitting designs for the series , but their designs have also been lost .
Not even a title can be found for Arthur Flemens ' submitted design .
George W. Maynard , a contemporary of Shirlaw , submitted a design entitled Civilization Enthroned and Crowned , with Civilization evidently flanked by figures representing Adventure and Discovery .
It , too , has been lost to history .
The currency which was in distribution soon became a rarity , virtually unknown to anyone save numismatists and currency collectors .
For such a short - lived series , however , it 's surprising how many of the notes have survived the intervening century .
It appears that many people refused to trade the 1896 notes in to be destroyed , preferring instead to keep them for their artistry alone .
Secretary Gage may have ended the currency series of 1896 , but thankfully he was unable to put an end to the appreciation of beauty .
Sources : Gene Hessler 's book U.S. Essay Proof & Specimen Notes ( 1979 ) , a superbly researched ( though poorly proofread ! ) book , provides rare pieces of information about both the designs and the engravers who created them .
Researching this page would have been futile without Hessler 's excellent work to lead the way .
( 1979 ) , a superbly researched ( though poorly proofread ! ) book , provides rare pieces of information about both the designs and the engravers who created them .
Researching this page would have been futile without Hessler 's excellent work to lead the way .
The Bureau of Engraving & Printing , Washington , D.C. , was good enough to produce a series of souvenir cards for numismatic shows over the years , which have proven to be an excellent resource for anyone trying to document obscure currency designs .
Several articles from The New York Times , taken from issues between 1892 and 1897 , provided invaluable information for this page , particularly regarding bankers ' reactions to the notes and the lives of Treasury Secretaries Carlisle and Gage .
( Did you know that Carlisle was considered as a Presidential candidate in 1892 ? )
, taken from issues between 1892 and 1897 , provided invaluable information for this page , particularly regarding bankers ' reactions to the notes and the lives of Treasury Secretaries Carlisle and Gage .
( Did you know that Carlisle was considered as a Presidential candidate in 1892 ? )
Barry Krause 's Collecting Paper Money for Pleasure & Profit ( 1992 ) and James F. Ruddy 's Photograde for U.S. Coins ( 1988 ) both provided valuable , and sometimes obscure , information as well , and are both ( particularly the former ) interesting reading in their own right .
( 1992 ) and James F. Ruddy 's ( 1988 ) both provided valuable , and sometimes obscure , information as well , and are both ( particularly the former ) interesting reading in their own right .
Lastly , Heywood Broun and Margaret Leech 's biography Anthony Comstock : Roundsman of the Lord ( 1927 ) provides information about Comstock and his frightening , yet remarkably effective , censorship efforts .
It 's of interest to note that , over the course of his lifetime , Comstock reportedly had more literature burned in the name of moral purity than even the Third Reich was able to equal .
WASHINGTON , Oct. 3 — A consortium of major universities , using Homeland Security Department money , is developing software that would let the government monitor negative opinions of the United States or its leaders in newspapers and other publications overseas .
Such a “ sentiment analysis ” is intended to identify potential threats to the nation , security officials said .
Researchers at institutions including Cornell , the University of Pittsburgh and the University of Utah intend to test the system on hundreds of articles published in 2001 and 2002 on topics like President Bush ’s use of the term “ axis of evil , ” the handling of detainees at Guantánamo Bay , the debate over global warming and the coup attempt against President Hugo Chávez of Venezuela .
A $ 2.4 million grant will finance the research over three years .
American officials have long relied on newspapers and other news sources to track events and opinions here and abroad , a goal that has included the routine translation of articles from many foreign publications and news services .
THIS TIME AROUND , when the Bush administration presented “ intelligence ” from unidentified sources about a dangerous foe in the Middle East , the American media was noticeably more skeptical .
Eager to redeem themselves for the generally obsequious reporting about Saddam Hussein ’s alleged weapons of mass destruction and ties to Al Qaeda , journalists do n’t want to get fooled again as the administration lays the groundwork for a possible war against Iran .
But even though journalists have quite rightly raised questions about the credibility of the intelligence and the motives behind its release , they have failed to take the next step and examine the fundamental underlying premise behind the administration ’s accusations : that Iran ’s role in Iraq is inappropriate .
Take , for instance , the New York Times ’ Feb. 13 editorial , “ Iran and the Nameless Briefers . ”
While demanding that President Bush “ make his intentions toward Iran clear , ” warning against “ another disastrous war ” and questioning the administration ’s assertion ( since retracted ) that “ the highest levels of the Iranian government ” authorized the sale of armor- piercing explosives to militants in Iraq , the paper added , as if it were self - evident : “ We have no doubt of Iran ’s malign intentions .
Iran is defying the Security Council ’s order to halt its nuclear activities , and it is certainly meddling inside Iraq . ”
Let ’s be clear : Iran ’s president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , with his disgraceful Holocaust denial conference and incendiary strutting , cuts an unsavory profile , to say the least .
And since the collapse of the Iranian reform movement , hard - liners have shrewdly exploited Bush ’s threats , jailing intellectuals with contacts in the West .
Still , is it fair to characterize Iran ’s involvement in Iraq as “ malign , ” or , for that matter , as “ meddling ” ( in contrast , say , to the presence of 130,000 American troops in Iraq ) ?
Might Iran have legitimate interests in what is , after all , its own geographic neighborhood ?
Could it be that Iran ’s stake in Iraq is solidly grounded in the same realist principles that drive the behavior of most nations , rather than in “ malign intentions ” or a desire to export the Islamic revolution ?
If Iran wants to see a friendly government established in Iraq , it hardly lacks for reasons .
Unlike the United States , Iran was attacked by Iraq , back when Hussein ’s regime enjoyed American support as a bulwark against Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini ’s revolution .
Hundreds of thousands of Iranians died during the Iran - Iraq war ( 1980 - 88 ) .
When Iraq used poison gas against Iranian troops , the United States uttered not a single protest .
Not surprisingly , Iran wants to ensure that no government in Iraq will threaten it again .
That ’s why Iran made no secret of its joy over Hussein ’s downfall , but it also refuses to accept a potentially hostile American base in the Persian Gulf or to cede absolute control over Iraq ’s future to the United States .
Iran also sees itself as a protector of Shiite interests in the region — and is , with a mixture of gratitude and wariness , viewed as such by Shiites from the gulf to Lebanon to Pakistan .
Iraq ’s Shiite majority , though Arab and nationalist , is linked to Iran ’s Shiites through both family and religious ties .
It was in Tehran that many of the Iraqi Shiite parties in power today found sanctuary from Hussein ’s agents ; many Iraqi clerics studied in Iran , and some — most notably Grand Ayatollah Ali Sistani — were born in Iran .
Every Iraqi Shiite politician must pay his respects to Tehran , including secularists such as Washington ’s former darling , Ahmad Chalabi .
The future Iraqi government , frankly , is likely to bear a stronger resemblance to the Islamic republic than to the liberal democracy the Bush administration publicly championed — or to the “ Saddamism without Saddam ” scenario that many advocates of the invasion privately preferred .
That Iran has acted to bolster the power of its Shiite allies in Iraq — and to arm Shiite militias avenging Sunni attacks on their people and their shrines — may not be to Washington ’s liking , but “ meddling ” does n’t seem the right word for it .
In thinking about Iran ’s behavior , it ’s important to remember that the United States has made plain its determination to curb Iranian influence in the region — by force of arms , if necessary .
From Iran ’s perspective , the U.S. is an implacable enemy that has rebuffed its diplomatic overtures .
No state likes to see a hostile army stationed in its backyard .
If Iran ’s supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , has indulged Ahmadinejad ’s rhetorical extremism , it may be because he expected to be rewarded , rather than punished , for Iran ’s assistance to the United States in Afghanistan and Iraq .
As Gareth Porter recently reported in the American Prospect , Iran floated a proposal in May 2003 , shortly after the fall of Baghdad , for a “ grand bargain ” with the United States .
It offered to back the 2002 Arab Summit ’s proposal for a two - state solution in Israel - Palestine and to end its military support for armed Palestinian groups as well as Hezbollah in return for the restoration of diplomatic relations with the United States .
Prematurely intoxicated by its “ mission accomplished , ” the Bush administration reportedly ignored Iran ’s proposal and has since given every indication that it prefers regime change in Tehran to the kind of dialogue recommended by the Iraq Study Group .
To this end , the administration has flirted with the Iranian Mujahedin Khalq , also known as MEK , a bizarre Maoist guerrilla group / cult that opposes the Islamic government and frequently launched attacks on Iran from Iraq with Hussein ’s backing .
Given the Bush administration ’s belligerent position , the Iranian government might have concluded that , with Hussein dead and the Shiite parties in power , Tehran ’s interests are best served by the withdrawal of American troops on its border .
Even if the Iraqis fail to drive out U.S. forces , a deepening quagmire usefully distracts attention from Tehran ’s nuclear program and reminds the United States that it needs Iran in order to exit with its honor intact .
Like any state , the Islamic republic seeks above all to preserve itself .
But , again , is this “ malign intent ” or a sober calculation ?
Iran has , in other words , a strong realist case for being involved in Iraq .
If Iranian “ designs ” on Iraq are seen as malign , it is only by those who believe that U.S. “ intentions ” in Iraq ( unlike other imperial powers , we have no designs ) are benign .
In this fairy - tale version of history , American rationales for occupying Iraq may change as often as necessary ( from the destruction of Hussein ’s nonexistent “ stockpile of weapons of mass destruction ” to the promotion of democracy to the prevention of a civil war detonated by our invasion ) , but they remain virtuous in intent , while those who resist our plans are always portrayed as sinister .
The liberal mainstream has come to view the Iraq war as the greatest foreign policy disaster since Vietnam , but its faith in American virtue — its belief in American exceptionalism — remains as unshaken as the Bush administration’s .
In the narrow parameters of American politics , you can ask whether Bush is telling the truth about Iraniandesigned bombs , but you may not ask whether the United States would accept the presence of 130,000 Iranian troops on our border .
Nor may you ask who exactly is “ meddling ” in Mesopotamia .
This week ,
The Simple Dollar is deconstructing five top personal finance and investing pundits and asking the big questions about their track record and their message .
Update : Based on the strong feedback on this piece , I wrote a lengthy review of Robert Kiyosaki ’s Rich Dad , Poor Dad which highlights some of the issues discussed below .
If you ’ve been reading this series this week , you ’ve probably noticed a gradual change in tone : I was quite positive about Jim Cramer and Dave Ramsey , pretty positive about Suze Orman , and then yesterday gave a middling review to David Bach .
In other words , I started off with the people I had the most confidence in and moved in the direction of people I had less confidence in .
Today , I ’m going to write about the one personal finance guru that I actually feel is fraudulent .
Even worse , his advice has some very serious flaws to it that can lead people down a very dangerous path .
Today , I ’m going to discuss the author of one of the most well known personal finance books ever , Rich Dad , Poor Dad : Robert Kiyosaki .
It wo n’t be pretty .
Kiyosaki ’s Background
It is very difficult to find a clear , reliable background on Robert Kiyosaki , but here ’s what ’s easily verifiable about him .
He was involved in several business deals ( most notably , nylon Velcro wallets ) in the 1970s and 1980s which fell apart , leaving him bankrupt in the mid-1980s .
In this timeframe , he became heavily involved with Amway , a multi - level marketing system , and began to cultivate relationships with many of the “ top ” members .
In 1985 , Kiyosaki founded Cashflow Technologies , a company that was designed to pitch a series of books and other educational materials that eventually evolved into Rich Dad , Poor Dad .
By the mid-1990s , Kiyosaki had self - printed Rich Dad , Poor Dad and it was starting to appear in wide distribution among members of the Amway / Quixtar organization , as individuals higher in the pyramid would recommend it to people further down the chain looking to get ahead .
Kiyosaki took these “ sales ” numbers to major publishing houses and before you know it , Rich Dad showed up on shelves everywhere and spawned an army of similarly - packaged books , board games , and so on .
Kiyosaki’s Rich Dad , Poor Dad Message
Kiyosaki ’s philosophy mostly revolves around generating passive income through investments and continuing to build up these investments until their passive income can support you .
In other words , you should seek out and buy investments that can generate income for you .
Kiyosaki believes that financial leverage is absolutely vital , and he also eschews education , saying that formal education is primarily for those seeking to be employees or self - employed individuals , who he identifies as people who will never be “ rich . ”
He often diagrams his philosophy by dividing people into four groups :
Employees , who work for someone else
Self - employed , who are their own bosses
Business owners , who own a “ system ” of making money
Investors , who invest money to receive a larger payout
Obviously , with this philosophy , employees and the self - employed will never get ahead .
Also , note that Kiyosaki refers to a business as a “ system , ” which I ’ll refer back to in a bit .
My Take on Kiyosaki
I ’m going to have to be careful here lest this devolve into a complete hatchet job , so here goes .
Robert Kiyosaki ’s business ideas were formed as a result of a number of business failures and one success .
The singular success came about as a result of leveraging a product through a pre-existing pyramid marketing organization .
Thus , Kiyosaki ’s perspective on success revolves around merely leveraging others into making money for you .
If you believe that making money is merely leveraging people and things , you are going to fail .
Here ’s why : Network marketing , which is how Kiyosaki found success , is basically just a form of franchising that has a very low cost of entry .
The problem with it is that the only people who are rewarded are effective salesmen .
People who get involved in network marketing are quite simply hoping to turn a quick buck without having to invest the time and money to grow a business and also do n’t have the initial capital to start a true franchise or an independent business of their own .
Are these people you would look to for financial advice ?
As a result , Kiyosaki basically ignores the concept of risk .
In Kiyosaki ’s world , there is no risk , or at least it ’s not a big enough factor to ever worry about .
His books encourage people to start working for themselves , but the individuals who would be attracted to Kiyosaki ’s work are individuals who generally do n’t have the backbone , the salesmanship , the acumen , or the pre-existing network to make such plans work .
People who start their own businesses are taking on a significant amount of risk , and to ignore that risk in your advice is simply giving terrible advice .
In no way am I saying that going into business for yourself is a bad choice , but it is a choice that merits some careful planning and analysis and realization of the risks involved .
In Kiyosaki ’s world , risk is for losers , yet until he came across a preexisting network that he could utilize , he failed time and time again to start his own business .
In other words , Kiyosaki ’s own background shows the huge flaws in the advice he gives .
Do you want to know the straw that broke the camel ’s back for me ?
Kiyosaki changes fundamental parts of his story to fit the situation .
For example , he claimed for years that Rich Dad was real in order to get Rich Dad , Poor Dad accepted as nonfiction , but in the February 2003 issue of SmartMoney magazine , Kiyosaki said “ Is Harry Potter real ?
Why do n’t you let Rich Dad be a myth , like Harry Potter ? ”
In other words , the entire premise under which Rich Dad , Poor Dad was sold was a complete fabrication .
Kiyosaki misrepresents the facts and gives advice that directly contradicts both common sense and his own background .
The bottom line :
Robert Kiyosaki’s “ knowledge ” is highly flawed and his material has all of the integrity of James Frey .
He completely undervalues risk , which is the trap that so many failed businesses and bankrupt individuals fall into .
He ’s the one financial guru whose work I do n’t trust based on the author ’s name alone .
Last updated at 11:26 26 October 2006
Guinness is going out of the black and into the red .
But devotees of Ireland 's national tipple need not worry , the world - famous brewer is not going bust - it is about to produce a red version of its stout .
Guinness
Red is the latest variant to be developed by the good folk in Dublin .
Hops , water and yeast are combined as usual but the barley is lightly roasted , giving it a rich red complexion .
This gives the drink a ' well balanced , bittersweet character ' , the brewers claim .
The new stout will contain similar alcohol levels to the other versions of Guinness , about 4.1 per cent , and will also cost the same .
It will keep its distinctive white head and will require the same patience - testing two - step pour .
The rosey tipple is being tested in a number of pubs across Britain .
But a spokeswoman for parent company Diageo admitted there were no plans to market the 'red stuff ' in Ireland .
She said : " It is being tested on a limited basis but Guinness Red is only intended for the British market . "
It is the first major new product launch by Guinness in Britain since it brought out its ' Extra Cold ' variety in 1999 .
There are three Guinness variants currently on sale : Draught , Original and Foreign Extra Stout .
In Ireland , the firm is testing a version called Guinness Mid- Strength , which has an alcohol content of 2.8 per cent by volume .
Sales of its stouts in Britain are running at a record £ 1 billion a year .
And Guinness recently became the fourth most popular draught beer in British pubs by volume sales .
But industry experts have questioned whether Diageo can continue to boost sales in saturated markets .
Here is another amazing science fact I 've gained from ' The Life Explorer ' Magazine .
It will make you go blind .
It will make your palms grow hairy .
Such myths about masturbation are largely a thing of the past .
But the latest research has even better news for young men : frequent self - pleasuring could protect against the most common kind of cancer .
A team in Australia led by Graham Giles of The Cancer COuncil Victoria in Melbourne asked 1079 men with prostate cancer to fill in a questionnaire detailing their sexual habits , and compared their responses with those of 1259 healthy men of the same age .
The team concludes that the more men ejaculate between the ages of 20 and 50 , the less likely they are to develop prostate cancer .
The protective effect is greatest meanwhile men are in their twenties : those who had ejaculated more than five times per week in their twenties , for instance , were one - third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life ( BJU International , vol 92 , p211 ) .
The results contradict those of previous studies , which have suggested that having had many sexual partners , or a high frequency of sexual activity , increases the risk of prostate cancer by up to 40 percent .
The key difference is that the earlier studies defined sexual activity as sexual intercourse , whereas the latest study focused on the number of ejaculations , whether or not intercourse was involved .
The team speculates that infections caused by intercourse may increase the risk of prostate cancer .
" Had we been able to remove ejaculations associated with sexual intercourse , there should have been an even stronger protective effect of other ejaculations , " they suggest .
" Men have many ways of using their prostatw which do not involve women or other men , " the researcher adds .
Macho Exaggeration
The researcher accepts the possibility that the men who completed the questionnaires could have lied about their habits .
But he doubts this skewed the results , since questions about masturbation are unlikely to evoke the same macho exaggeration as questions about , say , number of sexual partners .
How Masturbating prevent prostate cancer ?
But why should ejaculating more often cut the risk of prostate cancer ?
The team speculates that ejaculation prevents carcinogen building up in the gland .
The prostate , together with the seminal vesicles , secretes the bulk of the fluid in semen , which is rich in substances such as potassium , zinc , fructose and citric acid .
Generating the fluid involves concentrating these components from the bloodstream up to 600 - fold - and this could be where the trouble starts .
Studies in dogs show that carcinogens such as 3 - methylcholanthrene , found in cigarette smoke , are also concentrated in prostate fluid .
" It 's a prostatic stagnation hypothesis , " says Giles ( the researcher ) .
" The more you flush the ducts out , the less there is to hang around and damage the cells that line them . "
Stages of Prostate Cancer
Illustration copyright 2003 Nucleus Communications , Inc .
Stage 1 : The tumour can't be felt by DRE
Stage 2 : Tumour involves one lobe , then both lobes .
Stage 3 and 4 : Tumous has spread to surrounding tissue .
Sexual Repertoire
His findings suggest an intriguing parallel between prostate cancer and breast cancer , as recent studies indicate that lactating reduces a woman 's risk of breast cancer , perhaps because this also flushes out carcinogens .
Alternatively , ejaculation might induce prostate cells to mature fully , making them less susceptible to carcinogens .
If the finding is confirmed , future health advice from doctors may no longer be restricted to diet and exercise .
" Masturbation is part of people 's sexual repertoire , " says Anthony Smith , deputy director of Australian Research Centre in Sex , Health and Society at La Trobe University in Melbourne .
" If these findings hold up , then it 's perfectly reasonable that men should be encouraged to masturbate "
Labels : cancer , health , interesting , research , sex
posted by Jason @ 9:57 PM ,
2 Comments :
<< Home
No 2 . The Peninsula , Chicago : The BarAverage Cost Of Martini : $ 13 House Champagne : Champagne Deutz , $ 18 per glassHead Bartender : NA ; Bar Manager : James PierceHours Of Operation : Monday - Thursday , 3 P.M. - 1 A.M. ; Friday , 3 P.M. - 2 A.M. ; Saturday , 12 P.M. - 2 A.M. ; Sunday , 12 P.M. - 1 A.M. Clientele : Hip locals , businesspeople and hotel guests , mainly in their late 20s .
No 3 . Four Seasons Hotel : Houston , Lobby LoungeAverage Cost Of Martini : $ 9 House Champagne : Gloria Ferrer ( sparkling wine ) , $ 10 per glass , $ 44 per bottle ; Louis Roederer ( true Champagne ) , $ 16 per glass , $ 72 per bottle Head Bartender : Benito GarciaHours Of Operation : Monday - Thursday , 4 P.M. - 12 A.M. ; Friday , 4 P.M. - 1 A.M. ; Saturday , 5 P.M - 1 A.M. ; closed SundayClientele : Business professionals and well - heeled members of the theater / opera set , as well as sports fans on game nights .
No 4 . The Peninsula , Beverly Hills : The Club BarAverage Cost Of Martini : $ 11 House Champagne : Veuve ClicquotHead Bartender : Shannon RonaldsHours Of Operation : 12 P.M. - 1 A.M. daily Clientele : Entertainment moguls , finance execs and local residents mingle starting at 5 P.M. for happy hour .
The late - night bar crowd comes around 10:30 P.M.No 5 . Four Seasons Hotel : Miami , 14 - Thirty - FiveAverage Cost Of Martini : $ 12 House Champagne : Louis Roederer Brut Premier .
Reims NVHead Bartender : N/ A Bar Manager : Gary TimmonsHours Of Operation : 4 P.M. - 11 P.M. Sunday - Thursday ; 4 P.M. - 12 A.M. Friday - SaturdayClientele : Hotel guests ( business and leisure travelers ) as well as a younger crowd who comes after working out at The Sports Club / LA Miami , which is located in the same building .
No 6 . The Carlyle : New York , Bemelmans BarAverage Cost Of Martini : $ 13 House Champagne : TaittingerHead Bartender : Audrey SaundersHours Of Operation : Monday - Saturday , 12 P.M. - 2 A.M. ; Sunday , 12 P.M. - 12 A.M. Clientele : Very eclectic and mixed -- some young , some older , some celebrities , some locals -- attracted by the piano music and Ludwig Bemelmans ' whimsical muralsNo 7 . Intercontinental Mark Hopkins : San Francisco , Top of the MarkAverage Cost Of Martini : $ 10 House Champagne : Domaine ChandonHead Bartender : David MajorHours Of Operation : weekdays , 5 P.M - 12 A.M. ; weekends , 4 P.M. - 1 A.M. Clientele : Diverse crowd , mix of tourists and professionals .
Primarily people in their late 20s to late 60s .
Best views in town .
Martinis are pretty darn good , too .
No 8 . Fairmont Olympic Hotel : Seattle , The TerraceAverage Cost Of Martini : $ 10.50 House Champagne : Moët ChandonHead Bartender : Michael VezzoniHours Of Operation : Sunday - Thursday , 11 A.M. - 12 A.M. ; Friday and Saturday , 11:30 A.M. - 1 A.M. Clientele : Mixture of travelers / tourists and local business people .
Age varies , but odds are you 'll be able to tell the Microsoft employees from those who work for Boeing .
No 9 . The Windsor Arms Hotel : Toronto , Club 22 Average Cost Of Martini : $ 7.55 House Champagne : Veuve ClicquotHead Bartender : James SkwarekHours Of Operation : 12 P.M. - 2 A.M. daily Clientele : Very eclectic mix , lots of celebs and rock stars .
Some businesspeople , locals and couples .
A very cool , hip place , with attractive young people and thirtysomethings .
No 10 .
The Hay - Adams : Washington , D.C. Off the Record BarAverage Cost Of Martini : $ 11 House Champagne : Piper SonomaHead Bartender : John BoswellHours Of Operation : Sunday - Friday , 11 A.M. - 12 A.M. ; Saturday , 11 A.M. - 12:30 A.M. Clientele : a lot of White House staffers and White House press corps ; primarily people in their 30s and 40s .
" QUANTUM SHOT " # 145
Russian architectural ambitions appear to be on the rise
I saw today this article and decided to translate it ... it 's really an eye - catching design , especially from the air :
Moscow 's South
West area will be graced by a giant " flying saucer " - shaped building " Galaktika " ( Galaxy ) , which will " hover " over the busy intersection of Michurin and Lobachevski streets .
It will include a shopping center , hotel , plenty of parking and even helicopter landing pads .
Irina Laur , the author of this unique UFO idea , and the main investor - " MOST / SKM Holdings " - presented these designs in Cannes , which generated a considerable interest .
A 60 - meters high , 213,000 sq. m. structure will also contain a luxury hotel , a shopping mall with various restaurants and enough space to park 2500 cars .
It still remains to be seen if this project will see completion ( with 250 - 300 million dollars estimated cost and possible logistic nightmares ) .
Construction will start at the end of this year and is expected to be completed by 2010 .
If construction starts on schedule , it would probably be reported by the Google Earth community as a weird thing in the middle of familiar Moscow streets .
Some kind of an alien visitation of the architectural kind ?
Sources : Restco.ru , Kvadroom.ru
PS
Saint Petersburg is going to get a new skyscraper , as well .
Here are some preliminary designs of the GazProm building :
( image source )
Check out more concepts here ( all 6 of them )
Category : Architecture
The World Wide Web provides a new arena for computer stupidities .
Now users can be stupid to a world wide audience .
Fortunately for us , most of them are too confused about what the web is to figure out how to get on it .
One time , I caught my Mom working at the computer , printing out information for my brother 's report .
She was reading an article at Wikipedia , and she did n't know that if you edit Wikipedia , it stays there for the entire world to look at .
So she was editing most of the links , pictures , and headings out -- and even put a little more at the top :
" Here is the info , sweetie , good luck ! "
She almost pressed ' Save ' when I went over and asked her what she was doing .
She said , " I 'm editing out the things [ my brother ] does n't need . "
I explained about Wikipedia to her , and we were both cracking up for the next hour .
I used to do tech support for a company that made computer accessories and video game accessories .
We had a pay - for - access web site for one of our products .
The site was full of special codes and cheats .
One day , a customer called , asking how to access the site .
Tech Support : " Well , just go to [ URL ] . "
" Well , just go to [ URL ] . "
Customer : " How do I do that ? "
" How do I do that ? " Tech Support : " Type it in in your web browser . "
" Type it in in your web browser . "
Customer : " Huh ? "
" Huh ? " Tech Support : " Ok...sir ... do you have Internet access ? "
" Ok...sir ... do you have Internet access ? "
Customer : " Huh ? No. No Internet .
I do n't even have a computer . "
" Huh ? No. No Internet .
I do n't even have a computer . "
Tech Support : " Ok , sir , you need a computer and an Internet account to access web sites . "
" Ok , sir , you need a computer and an Internet account to access web sites . "
Customer : " Oh .
Well , it did n't say that when I mailed in the membership card .
I want my money back . "
Back in 2001 our public library had a bunch of Internet terminals running Windows 98 with Internet Explorer .
I sat down at one and logged on to check my email .
Behind me , I heard a computer reboot .
A few minutes I heard it reboot again .
So I turned around and watched the man at the terminal behind me .
Here was his routine :
Login to his library account .
Open Internet Explorer .
Go to a web site .
Click on a link , which took him to another page .
Read the page .
Reboot .
Wait .
Login to his library account .
Open Internet Explorer .
Go to the same web site he was just on .
Click on a different link on that page .
I told him about the ' back ' button .
This conversation took place through email .
Customer : " I need something off the web , and I do n't have any way to use a browser ! "
" I need something off the web , and I do n't have any way to use a browser ! "
Tech Support : " There 's a browser called ' lynx ' that you can use from a shell . " ( gives a brief description of how to use it )
" There 's a browser called ' lynx ' that you can use from a shell . " ( gives a brief description of how to use it ) Customer : " What 's lynx ?
I need a browser ! "
" What 's lynx ?
I need a browser ! "
Tech Support : ( again mentions lynx and says how to use it )
( again mentions lynx and says how to use it ) Customer : " I need a browser .
If you can't help me , get someone else to answer my emails . "
Overheard in a computer lab :
Boy # 1 : " The domain does n't have a www .
What does that mean ? "
" The domain does n't have a www .
What does that mean ? " Boy # 2 : " It means it 's not on the world wide web . "
Student : " I 'm not on a web site .
I 'm on www.ask.com. "
I was browsing the Internet when my friend came over and said he made a website .
He told me to go a particular URL .
When I went there , though , the browser said it was invalid .
So I went to Google to search for it , and when I got to Google , he said , " Oh yeah , that 's my web site . "
From the guestbook at lissaexplains.com :
" How do i start a website ?
Do i have to download it ?
Will i get a virus ? ! "
I was just on one of my favorite message boards , and some guy decided he'd link us to a few things .
This is what he posted for links :
file:///C:/Documents%20and%20Settings/benny/Shared/Music/Bemanistyle%20Simfiles/HALF%20AN%20HOUR%20OF%20HELL.zip
file:///C:/Documents%20and%20Settings/benny/Shared/Music/Bemanistyle%20Simfiles/HHOH
I used to work at the IT Support Desk for a university .
A librarian at one of our libraries was surfing the web one day and came across a site that said it was best viewed using the Internet Explorer browser .
So she called me and said she needed a " browser " to view this site , and could we install a browser onto her system ?
I told her that if she was viewing the site already , she was already using a browser , but , unsatisfied with that answer , she went over my head to the Directory of Libraries and said that we were being uncooperative about providing her with a browser .
While working at the university computer lab one evening , a student came over to ask me why her computer was running so slowly .
She said that she was just surfing the Internet .
I went over and examined her screen and noticed that she had approximately 230 separate browser windows open in Internet Explorer .
She thought that she could only use each one once .
On a recent commercial airing on U.S. televisions , 10 - 10 - 220 advertises a low - cost , long - distance choice without commitment .
This one features Emmitt Smith and Elmarie Wendel in the first class section of an airplane .
At the end , ways to find more information on 10 - 10 - 220 includes their website , which they promote as simply : www.10-10-220 .
I wonder how many people try to reach this and find it 's not accessible ?
Customer : " What do you mean I have to dial into the Internet every time I want to go to your web site ?
I thought I only had to do that the first time I used this software ! "
A customer , to his ISP :
Customer : " I found this [ web ] page on [ another service ] but the name you need to get there is too long .
Shorten it . "
Customer : " I am getting a ' Page Cannot Be Displayed ' message . "
" I am getting a ' Page Cannot Be Displayed ' message . "
Tech Support : " Ok , let 's try our home page . "
" Ok , let 's try our home page . "
Customer : " That worked . "
" That worked . "
Tech Support : " Ok , let 's try another page like www.cnn.com. "
" Ok , let 's try another page like www.cnn.com. "
Customer : " That worked too . "
" That worked too . "
Tech Support : " I do n't see any problems then . "
" I do n't see any problems then . "
Customer : " Well I tried that page I was trying , and it did it again . "
" Well I tried that page I was trying , and it did it again . "
Tech Support : " What 's the site 's address ? "
" What 's the site 's address ? "
Customer : " ( address ) .com . "
" ( address ) .com . "
Tech Support : " Hmmm .
It looks like the site is down . "
" Hmmm .
It looks like the site is down . "
Customer : " Yeah , I know it is .
Can you fix it now , please ? "
" Yeah , I know it is .
Can you fix it now , please ? "
Tech Support : " It 's not one of our sites , so we can't fix it . "
" It 's not one of our sites , so we can't fix it . "
Customer : " What do you mean you can't fix it ?
You are my Internet provider .
You should be able to fix it . "
" What do you mean you can't fix it ?
You are my Internet provider .
You should be able to fix it . "
Tech Support : " No , we cannot .
We do not own that site . "
" No , we cannot .
We do not own that site . "
Customer : " Let me speak to your supervisor .
You 're just stupid and trying to brush me off . "
We have a minor help site for the easiest to answer questions , and we 're always telling customers to go look at that first before phoning us .
Anyway , my colleague was on the phone , and I overheard this conversation :
Tech Support : " Yeah , just go to our website it's at www . [ our company ].com ... yeah , three w's , then a dot , then [ our company ] , then a dot then ' com ' ... yeah , that 's right .
. . .
What do you mean , how do you spell ' dot ' ? "
Customer : " Whenever I try to go to your sports site , I end up at this other page .
I even typed the correct address in the bar to make sure that I got there . "
" Whenever I try to go to your sports site , I end up at this other page .
I even typed the correct address in the bar to make sure that I got there . "
Tech Support : " What browser are you using ?
We need to check to see if your browser is new enough to view our sites . "
" What browser are you using ?
We need to check to see if your browser is new enough to view our sites . "
Customer : " Well ... I must be using the newest browser .
I 'm using Yahoo .
I think they 'd update their browser !
Hold on .
Let me check Alta Vista really quick . "
This happened to me when I was in high school .
I was in the computer lab , and I overheard the lab moniter telling someone that if you bookmarked a page before it had finished loading you 'd only get the partially loaded page every time you visited it from your bookmarks .
On day my English teacher was trying to teach the class how to do research on the Internet .
Teacher : " What browser do you use to get on the Internet ? "
" What browser do you use to get on the Internet ? " Student : " Internet Explorer . "
" Internet Explorer . "
Teacher : " No , no ... the browser that you use to get around the Internet .
Which do you use ? "
" No , no ... the browser that you use to get around the Internet .
Which do you use ? "
Student : " Microsoft Internet Explorer . "
" Microsoft Internet Explorer . "
Teacher : " You connect with Internet Explorer , but what is your browser ?
You know , Yahoo , Webcrawler ... ? "
And for the rest of the semester he insisted that a search engine was the same thing as a browser .
And every time he said it , I dug my fingers in the desk to keep from screaming at him .
In my job on the helpdesk of an ISP I get a lot of callers who are ignorant and proud of it .
I think they have decided that since they were n't born with computer knowledge , it 's too late to learn anything now .
Yesterday 's customer was having problems with his email .
I have given up asking , " What is your email client ? " because I just get questioning grunts .
Tech Support : " What icon do you click on when you want to read your email ? "
" What icon do you click on when you want to read your email ? "
Customer : " No. I just use inbox . "
Through a leap of sheer intuition , I decided he was using the mail program on his browser .
Now I needed to know which browser .
Tech Support : " What do you see on the page ? "
" What do you see on the page ? " Customer : " Well , your company 's web page is on here . "
" Well , your company 's web page is on here . "
Tech Support : " What 's in the top right hand corner of your screen ? "
" What 's in the top right hand corner of your screen ? "
Customer : " An X . "
" An X . " Tech Support : " What 's under the X ? "
" What 's under the X ? " Customer : " An N . "
" An N. " Tech Support : " Ok , so you 're using Netscape mail . "
" Ok , so you 're using Netscape mail . "
Customer : " No , Alta Vista .
I go to your home page , then I click on the links page , and then I click on Alta Vista .
Then I go down to the inbox .
It 's right next to the wheel thingy on the bottom . "
I searched the site .
I can't find any wheel thingy .
I got him to describe exactly where this wheel is .
Yes , it was on the bar on the bottom border of Netscape .
He was using Netscape mail .
I did tell him he did n't have to go to Alta Vista to use Netscape mail .
The frightening thing was that he had been using the Internet for years .
I 'm a librarian / network administrator for a large community college .
We have 36 workstations in our library , ostensibly for research purposes , and we use Internet filtering software , due to some students viewing pornography in the library .
Part of my job is to check Internet histories for attempted accesses to sites of this kind .
One recent night I was doing this and discovered that a student had typed in -- THIRTEEN TIMES -- " www i want to buy a cd dot com . "
I work for a small ISP .
One day I received a phone call from a very angry customer who switched to us from another provider .
He had problems installing our software .
It took a long time to walk him through fixing the problems , because he had no computer skills ( even though he was a programmer for the last 30 years ) and rarely did what I asked him to .
I thought I actually made him happy until he asked me to change his Yahoo username and password .
He assumed that since we provide access to the web page that we must control it as well .
To this day I still hear that he calls in from time to time to yell at other techs because they wo n't change his Yahoo username and password .
Customer : " I can't get to the page .
The address is : http://[site]/~user/~home.htm .
Sent to our tech support email address :
PLEASE GIVE ME HELP ON HOW TO DELETE HTTP:// MULTIMEDIA.COM
There was an URL floating around a while ago that pointed to a site that had a card trick on it .
I sent the URL to my mom .
The web page asked you to choose a card out of a set of cards and then to click on a link .
That link took you to a page with a new set of cards .
The page stated that the card you picked was now missing from the set , because the site had read your mind and knew which card to remove .
The way the trick worked was that none of the cards in the first set were in the second set -- the second set contained similar cards to the first set , but none of the same ones .
Many people first think that the web page somehow determined what card they had chosen even though they had done nothing on the computer to indicate any particular card .
A while after sending the link to my mom , I sent her an explanation for how the trick worked .
She sent back email saying that she and her husband were rolling on the floor with laughter because they had spent the last half hour trying to fool the computer using various methods .
One of them was this : her husband would go into another room in the house .
Then my mom would call him on his cell phone using hers and tell him all the cards .
Then he'd tell her that he'd chosen one -- but not tell her which one -- and then she would click on the link .
They were frustrated and befuddled that the computer still " knew " which card to remove even though they had gone to great lengths to separate the person that chose the card from the computer .
Emailed to the owner of a web page :
I got here by some nefarious route .
I was trying to get to [ an email address ] or other similar sites .
I distinctly dislike being hijacked in cyberspace to see something I did not ask to see .
If this happens again I will make a formal complaint to my local federal district attorney .
Thank you .
Do not do this again .
A customer emailed the following to his ISP :
hello , I have just published my first web page .
What is my address ?
Never mind , found it , thank you . "
A standard format for web sites containing images is to have a front page full of thumbnail images , and you click on the thumbnail image to get to the corresponding full - sized image .
The reason you do this , of course , is to reduce the loading time and required bandwidth for the front page .
Some people do n't understand this .
I 've seen a few thumbnail pages where the thumbnail images have the same file sizes as the large versions -- they just appear smaller on the page .
Two students , who had spent the better part of their class hour bragging about their computer skills , were becoming increasingly frustrated while browsing the Internet .
They were trying to access a site that did n't exist , but they were absolutely convinced the trouble was something else .
Student # 1 : " The damn keyboard locked up again ! ! ! "
Actually , a page was loading .
Student # 2 : " Here , you have to pull the wires out . " ( yanks network wires out of the back )
" When that happens , just pull those wires out and shove 'em back in .
Does it work now ? "
" Here , you have to pull the wires out . " ( yanks network wires out of the back )
" When that happens , just pull those wires out and shove 'em back in .
Does it work now ? "
Student # 1 : " No , it says , ' Reading File ... Done . ' "
" No , it says , ' Reading File ... Done . ' "
Student # 2 : " Oh , ok ... that means your keyboard server is down .
There 's nothing you can do about it . "
I taught web design one summer to a group of underprivileged teenagers .
At the end of the informal course , the " course assessor " ( a senior academic who was formally in charge of the course but knew nothing about computers ) came to see the students ' webpages .
Upon looking at the first student 's monitor screen , she exclaimed , " Oh , that 's beautiful ! "
The student looked perplexed .
I walked around to look at the student 's screen , and saw ... the Windows 95 desktop .
The student had n't yet displayed her webpage .
The academic was praising the beauty of the desktop .
I 'm a high school senior .
One day , we were partnered with another class to do an Internet project .
Web site design is a hobby of mine , so I happily displayed one of my pages to my partner in Internet Explorer .
My partner , in a vain attempt to scare me or tease me or something , highlighted all the text on the web page and threatened to delete it .
Being one of the people that interviews many prospective candidates for our computer consulting company , I came across many individuals who should n't have made it past the first screening process .
One was a college student for an entry - level position in web development , and I was simply trying to ease him into demonstrating his technical knowledge .
Me : " So tell me one of the ways in which you would try to get images to load faster in web pages ? "
" So tell me one of the ways in which you would try to get images to load faster in web pages ? "
Him : " I 'd do it in Java . "
Student : " I ca n't find the place to type in the URT . "
" I can't find the place to type in the URT . "
Teacher : " The what ? "
" The what ? "
Student : " You know the URT -- the thing that starts with ' www ' ? "
" You know the URT -- the thing that starts with ' www ' ? "
Teacher : " Oh , URL . "
" Oh , URL . " Student : " Whatever .
Where do I type it ? "
" Whatever .
Where do I type it ? "
Teacher : " On the blank line at the top . "
" On the blank line at the top . "
Student : " Where ? "
" Where ? "
Teacher : " At the top ! "
" At the top ! " Student : " I see no line . "
" I see no line . "
Teacher : " Is Netscape open ? "
" Is Netscape open ? " Student : " Does it have to be ? "
Our school requires all students to take a computer class .
My class has to have some of the stupidest people I 've ever met .
Teacher : " Does anyone know what HTML means ? "
" Does anyone know what HTML means ? "
Student : " That means something ? ! "
" That means something ? ! "
Me : " Hypertext Markup Language . "
" Hypertext Markup Language . "
Teacher : " Correct , have any of you ever used HTML ? "
I 'm the only one who raises a hand .
Teacher : " Great !
We 'll be doing some simple HTML by the end of the year . "
" Great !
We 'll be doing some simple HTML by the end of the year . "
Me : ( bangs head on desk )
( bangs head on desk ) Student : " How do you use HTML ?
Is it like typing ? "
One evening while walking through the school hallways , a friend was attempting to impress me with this knowledge of computers .
Him : " I can use HTML coding to do my homework for me .
That way I do n't have to waste time on it . "
I work as the graphic / computer designer at a printshop .
A while back , I got a phone call from someone who works for a major ISP who asked to have an image scanned .
He said he wanted me to scan in the image to a one meg JPEG file so he could email it to people and use it on web pages .
He did n't give me any dimensions , just the file size .
I explained that this was rather large for use online and that even if he had a fast modem or a direct line , others might not .
Customer : " Oh , well I want it this way because , even though the Internet wo n't allow you to send files that large , the ISP I work for can . "
From a post to a mailing list :
I am trying to learn HTML , so for every web site I visit I try to view the WYSIWYG .
I recently visited the site of a company which shall remain unnamed and was frustrated by the extremely slow screen refresh as I scrolled through the page .
I investigated and discovered that instead of declaring a plain green background color for the page , they had created a one pixel GIF image which was ' tiled ' as a background .
I run a web hosting service .
This was sent via email from one of our customers :
um , u said that if i delete some stuff from my page i'll get more space what do u mean by delete ?
do u mean by deleting the file or just taking a picture out of my page ? i took saome pictures out of my page but it still said that i already used all my space
A friend of mine just bought a new computer and asked me to show him how to download programs off the web .
The poor guy is completely clueless with anything computer related .
I showed him a couple of the more popular sites and started a download .
While waiting , I made the comment about how slow telephone access can be .
He sat there staring at the paper sheet icon move between the world and folder icons for a few moments , and then said : " Well if you move the folder closer to the Earth , then the program wo n't have so far to travel , and it'll download faster . "
I nearly fell out of my chair laughing .
One evening around midnight , I decided to book a flight for the weekend using NorthWest Airlines Cybersaver deals .
On their site , they provide a link to National Car Rental .
The URL was http://www.nationalcar.com/cgi-bin/cyber1_res.pl.
Upon completing the form for a car reservation , I received a message saying , " Your request has been sent . "
I never received a confirmation .
After trying three more times , I called tech support .
Me : " I tried reserving a car on your web site , but I do not get a response . "
" I tried reserving a car on your web site , but I do not get a response . "
Tech Support : " Let me get your reservation number , and I can look it up . "
" Let me get your reservation number , and I can look it up . "
Me : " I did n't get one . "
" I did n't get one . "
Tech Support : " Well , let 's go to the web site and check it out .
Go to www.nationalcar.com . "
" Well , let 's go to the web site and check it out .
Go to . "
Me : " Actually , I 'm on a promotional part of your web site for NorthWest Airlines . "
" Actually , I 'm on a promotional part of your web site for NorthWest Airlines . "
Tech Support : " That 's not our web site .
Our web site is at www.nationalcar.com . "
" That 's not our web site .
Our web site is at . "
Me : " That 's where I am at . "
" That 's where I am at . " Tech Support : " No , it is not . "
" No , it is not . "
Me : " Yes , I am at www.nationalcar.com/cgi-bi --"
" Yes , I am at --" Tech Support : " Sir , anything after the slash is not our web site .
You are on someone else 's web site . "
" Sir , anything after the slash is not our web site .
You are on someone else 's web site . "
Me : " Uh...no , that is your URL .
The link points to your servers .
The system is on your server . "
" Uh ...no , that is your URL .
The link points to your servers .
The system is on your server . "
Tech Support : " No sir , it is not .
You are on someone else 's server . "
I hung up .
Upon arriving at the airport , I found I had three cars in my name .
Apparently the system simply sends an email to the regional office , then they manually reserve a car .
Some system , eh ?
I worked one summer at a Radio Shack that also owned its own ISP .
My job dealt with the ISP billing , but since my bosses and coworkers knew I was proficient with computers , I would also be referred to tech support calls .
One gentleman called in because he was clicking and nothing was happening .
He was trying to set up Microsoft Outlook to check his email account that he received as an ISP customer , and he was , with good intent , following the instructions we provided on our web site .
I asked him what his screen looked like , and it seemed he was in the right place , but I still walked him through the steps again , all the time hearing him say , " I 've done that .
I 'm clicking , and nothing 's happening . "
As a last resort , I decided to ask the customer if he had actually run the program .
He responded by saying , " Well , I just thought this thing ran it for me . "
I realized , to my great amusement , that he had been looking at our instructional web page the whole time and mistaking our screenshot of an Outlook screen for the actual program .
I explained what was wrong , and all he had to say was , " You need to rewrite these instructions .
They 're very misleading . "
At work , an email was sent to me once requesting that I fill out an evaluation form on the web .
However , if I were unable to access the site -- well , take a look :
For those evaluators who are unable to access [ the site ] while completing evaluations , a CD ROM or disk - based version of the application may be requested through an order form on [ the site ] .
A webmaster set up a publicly visible page with links on it that , when clicked , would execute some kind of CGI program that deletes files .
Then , when search engines started trying to index those links , he complained bitterly that people were " hacking in and deleting files " and threatened to sue one search engine author .
Read Jim Mischel 's account of this bizarre episode .
At the end of the year , last year , all the eighth graders at my school had to go to the computer lab to do two things : fill out an anonymous survey detailing all the things we could do with computers ( to tell the school how much they had taught us ) and to register for high school online .
Both were done through a web browser .
Well , I got finished pretty early , but the kid sitting next to me was going a little bit slower .
I was watching him , and soon he got to the screen which said that all of his information had been sent and he was done .
The teachers had told us that once we finished we should exit out of the browser window and get off the Internet and then shut down the computer , but the kid went to another web site instead .
The head computer teacher had been watching , and she freaked out .
She started yelling about how all of the information he submitted would be erased , that he could have broken something , and that he was in deep trouble .
The assistant computer teacher came over , as did my social studies teacher , and they were all of the mind that because the kid surfed to some other web site , all the information he submitted would be sent back or something .
I would have told them it was all fine , but I was laughing too hard .
I do n't think I could have gotten the words out .
Wanting to use the bash UNIX shell on a computer that 's being set up , I did a Google search and came to a site that had several compressed tarball files ( roughly the UNIX equivalent of a ZIP archive for PCs ) archived there .
The site had a message unlike anything I 've ever seen before :
Selecting any .tar.gz file will send you a listing of that file .
From the listing , you can selectively download individual files from within that archive .
Thinking a message that moronic had to be a mistake , I clicked on bash - 2.04.tar.gz and saw that I was wrong .
The index listed a whopping nineteen screenfuls of individual files , one per line -- with hundreds of individual downloads necessary to download the complete archive .
You had to go to the first file , click the filename , pull down the file menu , select " Save frame as ... , " click OK , and hit the browser 's back button .
For a couple hundred separate files .
The entire archive would have taken me about 25 unattended seconds to download .
Downloading each file individually , well , I downloaded six of the couple hundred files in three minutes and gave up .
I looked around for the webmaster , saw an education / work history that suggested a competent computer person , and wrote a careful note saying , " You have a massive bug on your site , " and then explained ( but not in detail ) why hundreds of individual downloads are a user 's nightmare .
I used analogies ; I pointed out that he would n't like to have to check out hundreds of pages separately if he wanted to borrow a novel from the library .
To no avail .
He said :
It 's intentional .
My link can't handle those kinds of downloads , but my site is the only one where you can look inside the tarballs without spending hours downloading them .
It 's a special service .
In a recent interview with the UK's Sunday Times , Gottfrid Svartholm , one of the co-founders of The Pirate Bay calls the MPAA a bunch of " rabid , obsessed lunatics . "
The Sunday Times article titled “ Yo ho ho , buccanerds give studios a broadside ” is all about The Pirate Bay , its founders , the problems it ’s faced and how it all started .
If you ’re wondering how it did , the two co-founders first met in 2001 at the HAL ( Hackers at Large ) conference in the Netherlands .
The rest is a Wikipedia entry ( as opposed to the long - outmoded history ) .
Svartholm talks about how The Pirate Bay , and other BitTorrent sites ’ popularity is a clear indication of “ civil disobedience against the current copyright legislation , on a huge scale . ”
But the real highlight of the interview is his opinion on how publishers are afraid , due to lack of knowledge about BitTorrent and filesharing , of how their content is being stolen .
He says , “ Some publishers are afraid â€ ” out of ignorance â€ ” but even though they are wrong I can respect that .
Some , however , like the MPAA can most accurately be described as rabid , obsessed lunatics . ”
Rabid , obsessed lunatics ?
I ’m not sure too many people would disagree .
In the past few years , the MPAA have single - handedly done some of the most outrageous things to prevent their movies from being “ stolen ” .
They ’ve sued a company for pre-loading legally purchased movie DVDs onto iPods , Stalked Svartholm , bred anti-piracy , DVD - sniffing dogs and banned Americans from inviting more than a certain number of people over to watch movies on a larger - than - 29 ″ screen Home Theatre system .
Oh wait , that last one did n’t happen .
What ’s really sad is that if they did actually do something like that , it would n’t surprise anyone !
By Jonathan Amos
BBC News science reporter , San Francisco
The nuclear powered spacecraft would be so big , it might have to be launched in two parts
Enlarge Image
The team has put together a concept for a " mothership " and probes that would investigate the ice giant which orbits some 4.5 bn km from the Sun .
So far , only one spacecraft , Voyager 2 , has visited Neptune - a flyby in 1989 .
A mission like the one being proposed could cost $ 3 - 4bn dollars and would probably need international partners .
" It would also take up the careers of the mission team , " said Bernie Bienstock , a robotic systems project manger with aerospace company Boeing .
" It 's probably like an 18 - year mission but then there 's all the lead time - another 10 years to do all the selling to Congress and Nasa , and do all the detailed engineering design .
" You 're looking at about 30 years from beginning to end . "
Captured moon
Neptune is the eighth planet from the Sun , beyond Uranus but nearer than Pluto .
Voyager showed us a blue giant with an extremely dynamic atmosphere ; its winds race around the planet at speeds of 300m / sec .
Voyager also saw rings - much more tenuous than Saturn 's - and pictured its " great dark spot " , a storm system akin to those familiar in our images of Jupiter .
NEPTUNE - THE EIGHTH PLANET Planet discovered 1846 Sun distance : 4.5 bn km Orbit : 165 Earth years Diameter : 49,528 km
Observed satellites : 8
It has a surface of fascinating contrasts and geysers of nitrogen .
It is probably not a natural satellite but a captured object which came in from the furthest reaches of the Solar System .
" The moon is geologically active - we 've seen that from Voyager 2's pictures of geysers , " said David Atkinson , a University of Idaho professor .
" It 's just so different to all the other moons of Neptune , and the moons of Uranus and Jupiter , and it would make an excellent comparison with Kuiper Belt objects such as Pluto and its moon , Charon .
" It would provide us with a wealth of information about the origin and evolution of the outer Solar System . "
Risky landing
Bienstock and Atkinson presented their team 's concept of a Neptune mission here at the American Geophysical Union Fall Meeting .
They propose it become one of the US space agency 's big flagship missions , of the type Nasa can fly only once a decade because of the scale and cost involved .
The concept envisions a 36 - tonne spacecraft that would be powered by a nuclear fission reactor and ion-propulsion system .
Only this configuration would give the mission the power and flexibility to reach across the Solar System and complete its science goals .
POSSIBLE MISSION TIMETABLE 2016 - spacecraft launched in two halves and joined in orbit 2020 - flyby of Jupiter to make observations and pick up speed 2029 - two atmospheric probes released for Neptune collision 2033 - lander put on Triton to study and image the surface
The mothership would then attempt to put a lander on the surface of 2,700 km - wide Triton .
Getting down safely would be a colossal engineering challenge , Bienstock concedes .
" The probe would have a mass of about 500 kg - 65 % of that is a propulsion system to slow you down so you do n't crash , " he explained .
" There is a very thin atmosphere on Triton but there 's not enough for parachutes to slow you down .
You 've got a lot of engineering overhead just to deliver the science package . "
Once down , the lander could sample the chemical properties of surface materials and send back images of the alien landscape .
The whole concept has been put together under a Nasa Vision Mission contract .
This does not automatically mean , however , that such a mission will get to fly .
Its purpose is to investigate possibilities , to help the agency understand the requirements of complex projects as it maps out future plans .
At the White House , the withdrawal of Harriet E. Miers as the president 's nominee to the Supreme Court dominated the day .
Still , officials waited anxiously for word about developments in the investigation , which has the potential to shape the remainder of Mr. Bush 's second term .
Officials said that Mr. Bush , who traveled to Florida on Thursday to view the damage from Hurricane Wilma , would keep to his planned schedule on Friday , including a speech on terrorism in Norfolk , Va. , if indictments were announced .
Administration officials said that the White House would seek to keep as low a profile as possible if indictments were issued ; Scott McClellan , the White House press secretary , did not schedule a briefing for Friday , and Mr. Bush plans to leave in the afternoon for a weekend at Camp David .
With so much about the outcome of the case still in doubt , political strategists in Washington spent the day gaming out the implications of different endings .
The apparent delay in a decision about whether to charge Mr. Rove , and the continuation of the criminal inquiry , is a mixed outcome for the administration .
It leaves open the possibility that Mr. Rove , Mr. Bush 's closest and most trusted adviser , could avoid indictment altogether , an outcome that would be not just a legal victory but also the best political outcome the White House could hope for under the circumstances .
Yet , in apparently leaving Mr. Rove in legal limbo for now , Mr. Fitzgerald has left him and Mr. Bush to twist in the uncertainty of a case that has delved deep into the innermost workings of the White House and provided Democrats an opportunity to attack the administration 's honesty and the way it justified the war to the American people .
Mr. Rove has had to step back from many of his public duties , including appearing at fund - raisers , and he is likely to have to keep a low profile as long as the investigation continues .
It could also leave him distracted , depriving the White House of his full attention at a time when Mr. Bush is struggling to regain his political footing after months in which the bloody insurgency in Iraq , Hurricane Katrina and the failed Supreme Court nomination of Harriet E. Miers have left the administration stumbling .
The Economist has a short but uplifting article on research that suggests that we underestimate how good looking we are when compared to other members of the same sex , possibly to keep us on our toes and work hard to attract a partner .
If you have ever sat alone in a bar , depressed by how good - looking everybody else seems to be , take comfort ‚
Äîit may be evolution playing a trick on you .
A study just published in Evolution and Human Behavior by Sarah Hill , a psychologist at the University of Texas , Austin , shows that people of both sexes reckon the sexual competition they face is stronger than it really is .
She thinks that is useful : it makes people try harder to attract or keep a mate .
Dr Hill showed heterosexual men and women photographs of people .
She asked them to rate both how attractive those of their own sex would be to the opposite sex , and how attractive the members of the opposite sex were .
She then compared the scores for the former with the scores for the latter , seen from the other side .
Men thought that the men they were shown were more attractive to women than they really were , and women thought the same of the women .
This is quite an interesting finding in itself , but also seems to go in the opposite direction to most other normal cognitive biases we have , which lead us to judge ourselves in a better light than others .
The effect nicknamed the Lake Wobegon Effect is where we consistently judge ourselves to be above average compared to others .
Also , we are more likely to think that positive events happen because of our own actions , and negative events are due to other people or external factors .
Interestingly , there ’s quite a bit of evidence that mental illness is associated with the loss of these positive biases , giving us a statistically more realistic but emotionally painful view of reality .
Link to Economist article .
From Google translation :
Franc Buchwald
Design and production of furniture , lights and objects
Stations
Design study at the university of the arts Berlin .
Freelance actively as painters and Illustrator .
Independently since 1993 with own workshop for furniture
and exhibition Design .
Draft and manufacturing of furniture and lights :
Since 2002 work on light objects .
" The idea of the machine lights developed for me in the artistic argument of many years with the nature of modern technology , in particular machine artifacts of the industrial age .
It is connected for me with the discovery the fact that behind the reflect - due feature of machine things its own reality is alive , extracts themselves those the human access and secretly determines the world of the machines . …
A common mistake of our time is to be believed that machines are exhausted therein , products and artifacts of human planning to be designing and manufacturing .
The work on the machine lights was for me and again and again a new argument with something hiding , which through - works and arranges the sphere of the machine one like a secret principle …
It will not escape the awake observer that also the machine lights from another source live , as from the hand of humans .
I worked over ten years on the machine lights , but I do not regard her actually as my work .
There is natures with its own nature . … "
Spotted walking her dog in LA recently was actress Selma Blair wearing a tshirt with her nude picture on it .
The star recently stripped for a collection of Marc Jacobs tshirts to help raise skin cancer awareness .
With her private bits strategically covered with the slogan “ Protect the Skin You ’re In ” and “ Save Your Ass ” .
Other actresses also get in the strip act , including Julianne Moore and Winona Ryder , Burlesque dancer Dita von Teese , and models Naomi Campbell and Christy Turlington .
Winona
Ryder reportedly would only be lured into stripping if Marc Jacobs himself would strip too .
With a limited number of tshirts on sale for just US $ 20 in Marc Jacob stores , you could wear a nude celebrity Marc Jacobs tshirt too .
This page can be found at " How To Build A Pykrete Bong " at Wikiversity
For the 5th + iPod generation Apple has just introduced downloadable games and so far they offer 9 games for $ 4.99 each .
Looking back in the classic era of computer gaming we remember some real gems that would fit right into the “ keep it simple stupid ” philosophy of the iPod .
So , let ’s have some fun and suggest 10 classic games that would specifically work well with the iPod scroll wheel interface .
No1 Request : Lunar Lander
This great classic is actually a no - brainer in terms of scroll - wheel interface .
Its unique control requirements almost feel like they were created for the iPod in particular !
Another thing that it ’s cool is that this game could also sell well among older people because it ’s a “ slower ” game .
Add some cool graphics and off you go !
No 2 : Puzzle Bobble
Again , this game should work excellently with the scroll wheel .
What a great classic .
Nothing more to add .
No 3 : Tempest
Another classic , and this time this game has a circular interface which fits right at home with the scholl wheel .
In the screenshot below is a Tempest - like game called “ Torus ” .
No 4 : Marble Madness & Neverball
These are two different games , one classic ( for arcades ) , and one much newer ( for Linux ) , both with an interesting physics engine .
Controlling a ball with the scroll wheel should be so much easier and intuitive than a joystick or arrow keys …
No 5 : Asteroids
The scroll wheel will move the spaceship around its axis while pressing the actual buttons will move the ship around .
Not sure how you will make the game exit though , as all buttons would be needed inside the game …
No 6 : Gyruss and Tube Panic
There was a Galaga - like shoot ’em up game in a circular axis , called Gyruss .
Tube Panic also had a similar idea in terms of a circular shoot ’em up .
No 7 : Chess
It should n’t be too much of a hassle to move around your pieces .
No 8 : Video Poker
Too bad that Apple went with Texas Hold ’em instead of Video Poker ( Jacks or Better ) .
It should be easy to “ hold ” the cards .
No 9 : Bomberman
I do n’t believe that this would be too difficult to make it work with the scroll wheel .
If Pacman currently sells for the iPod why not Bomberman ?
No 10 : A driving game
It has a WHEEL for God ’s sake ! 😉
Extra Request : JawBreaker
Great puzzle game , easily usable with the wheel and very addictive .
If you are a PocketPC owner you know what I am talking about .
Its gameplay has nothing to do with Bejeweled btw .
Leave a comment with your recommendations .
But make sure that whatever you recommend actually plays well with iPod ’s scroll wheel .
This is an older article I originally wrote about speed reading based on my personal experience .
I ’ve since posted a critique of the original methods , backed by more significant scientific research .
Please read here : I Was Wrong About Speed Reading : Here ’s the Facts .
Reading is an incredibly important skill to have .
Just about any form of education will involve reading , sometimes almost exclusively .
You can often make yourself an expert on an intellectual subject just by reading enough in that area .
But despite the incredible importance of reading , most people are wildly inefficient at it .
Like a child that never goes beyond a crawl , most people have enough reading skills to move around , but they are far from running .
Over a year ago I picked up the book , Breakthrough Rapid Reading by Peter Kump , an expert in the area of speed - reading .
From that purchase I took the time and energy to study other ways to improve my reading skill .
I recently got a chance to finish Eckhart Tolle ’s , The Power of Now , and I read the last half of the book in under forty minutes .
When I did the initial test at the start of the book , I could read at 450 words per minute .
A little above the average of around 300 , but nothing spectacular .
By using the techniques I ’ll describe in this article I was able to increase that rate to around 900 words per minute in average situations , at least doubling of my reading rate .
I believe there are six major keys to improving your reading skill .
Like all skills , success only comes through practice , so just reading this article wo n’t be enough .
But if you are interested in how you might be able to make dramatic improvements in both speed and comprehension , I ’ve found these six points to be the best start .
1 ) Remember , Reading is Not Linear
How do you read a book ?
Likely from start to finish , never going back and never skipping any sections .
This is probably one of the most inefficient ways to read .
The beauty of text is that it is non-linear .
You can skip down to read only my main bullet points , or read them in practically any order .
Although the pattern of start to finish might be a simple one , it is n’t always the most effective .
For most books I do read in a roughly start to finish fashion .
But I frequently re-read passages that I want to get a greater understanding of and completely skim over passages that I feel are redundant or unnecessary .
Good writers generally add anecdotes or metaphors to improve understanding of a concept which you can skim over top of if you already get their point .
Similarly , bad writers often go short on explanation of complex details so re-reading can allow your brain the time to form the concepts .
Not only is reading non-linear but it does n’t have a set pace .
Although I read some books at about 900 words per minute , I slow down to 200 if the passage I am reading is particularly information dense or complicated .
Similarly I can skim at over 1500 words per minute if I ’m reading mostly fluff .
Saying I can read at 900 wpm is like saying I can drive at 100 km /h .
Speed reading is n’t just about faster but pacing yourself for the specific reading task you face .
Most people read a book as if it were given to them as a speech .
They listen to the author and follow along with what he is saying in a purely sequential manner .
In order to reach faster rates of comprehension you have to learn to abandon this tactic .
You can start this by not subvocalizing .
2 ) Stop Subvocalizing
When you started to read you probably read out loud .
Your elementary school teacher wanted you to read the book and say the words aloud .
After you mastered this skill , you were told to simply say the words inside your head and read quietly .
This is where most reading education and skill levels end .
To move to a new level you need to stop sounding the words inside your head or subvocalizing .
Subvocalizing takes time , more time than is necessary to comprehend the words you are reading .
It is almost impossible to go much beyond 400 or 500 words while subvocalizing .
Instead you need to train yourself to read without hearing the words in your head .
But for most people this has become such an ingrained reading habit that they do n’t realize that subvocalization is a distinct process to comprehension .
If I read at around a thousand words per minute , there is no way I could hear the words in my head while trying to process them .
Instead I simply see the word and my brain automatically constructs what has been written .
I ’ll understand a line of text that I looked over in a second , even though it may have taken at least five just to say the words in my head .
Since most people currently can’t separate the subvocalization from comprehension , they are locked in at a rate of about 400 - 500 words .
Moving beyond that rate requires that you practice reading faster than you can actually read .
Edit : I ’ve done a follow - up to explain subvocalization more as I think this post may have confused people a little .
Check it out here : Speed Reading Follow - Up
3 ) Practice Reading
Practice reading does n’t mean reading .
Practice reading involves reading faster than you can actually read .
Chances are you wo n’t comprehend much of what you are reading because your brain is so used to going at a slower rate and subvocalizing .
The point is simply to see the text faster than you can read so you can untie the habit of sounding the words as you comprehend them .
You can start doing this by taking out a timer or a stop watch and simply viewing as much text in a book as possible in one minute .
Use a book you have n’t read before to ensure your brain is actually practicing instead of relying on memory .
Mark out where you started and stopped .
Count the number of words per line ( use a quick average ) and then the number of lines you actually read in the book to compute your practice reading rate .
Once you get used to practice reading at a high rate that you can’t comprehend , you should slowly be able to actually comprehend at a slightly slower rate but still faster than if you subvocalized .
I would often practice read at between 1500 and 1800 words per minute , and although I lacked comprehension skill , I could maintain it at about 900 - 1000 , over double what I had done when I subvocalized .
But how can you practice read faster than you can read ?
How do you follow the text but still go faster than you can read ?
The answer is another of speed reading tricks , using a pointer .
4 ) Use a Pointer
Your eyes do n’t stay fixed in one spot when reading .
Eye tracking movements have shown that your eyes actually quiver and move around considerably .
And every movement away from your position in text requires a few milliseconds to readjust .
These little readjustments in locating your place in a book add up to be very costly if you want to go faster .
Use your index finger to mark where you are on the page at all times .
It should follow along with the word you are currently reading , slowly scrolling across each line and then back down one .
It may feel awkward at first and it may even temporarily slow your reading rate as you adjust , but using a pointer is critical if you want to improve your reading skill .
Using a pointer is also crucial if you want to practice read .
By moving your finger faster than you can actually read , your eyes get used to viewing text faster than your brain can process what is written down .
This will break your subvocalization attachment and can easily let you double your reading rate with sufficient practice .
You should use your finger as a pointer all the time .
When I first started with the habit I found it annoying to hold the book in a funny position so I could use my right hand to scroll the page .
I thought it was silly and maybe even a waste of time .
But now I find it hard to read without a pointer .
Noticing how much it has helped me focus my reading efforts it is a priceless tool in reading .
5 ) Eliminate Distractions
As a university student living on campus I ’ve noticed a few of my friends who “ study ” while watching television .
Not surprisingly , these tend to be the same people who complain about how much studying they have to do .
Reading can’t happen in an environment where external distractions are overwhelming .
If you need a break , take a break .
Taking a few minutes to watch a television show , listen to some music or just close your eyes can often improve your focus .
But do n’t multitask with your reading or you ’ll lose any benefits speed reading can offer .
Worse , because you have stopped subvocalizing , you might even skim through several pages before you realize you have n’t comprehended anything that was written .
Distractions will hamper regular reading but they will make speed reading impossible .
Subvocalization creates enough mental noise that it can hold your attention , but without that it can often be difficult to stick with what you are reading .
External distractions may be a problem , but internal distractions are just as bad .
They occur when in the midst of reading you start pondering that conversation you just had with a friend , the movie you want to see or whether you should do your laundry .
The way to remove internal distractions comes from clearly identifying a purpose and a motivation .
6 ) Find Your Motivation
If there was one piece of advice I would offer to improve your reading rate it would be simply to engross yourself in the material you are studying .
If you can connect what you are reading to a deeply held motivation , and determine your specific purpose for reading you can maintain a very alert and focused state .
Most people do n’t do this .
Instead they force themselves to study the book they know they should and end up having to refocus themselves every thirty seconds when their mind decides that this book is boring and would like to be somewhere else .
First , find a general motivation .
This is how what you are reading relates to your truly motivating goals and passions in life .
When I read my psychology textbook I focus on the fact that many personal development principles come from an understanding of human psychology and that I may discover new ideas if I look carefully .
When studying ancient Asian history I focused on the fact that studying a completely different culture could offer insights into how Western and Eastern value systems differed , giving me new thoughts on whether my values are as absolute as I once thought .
I also focused on the fact that many great philosophers such as Buddha and Confucius lived during these times with a profound influence on the ideas of these nations .
The general motivation should make you want to read the book .
If you do n’t genuinely want to read the book , come up with more reasons it is attached to your deepest interests or it is going to be a struggle to move through .
You can find a general motivation for reading any book if you are creative enough , so do n’t tell me you ca n’t figure out one .
The second portion is to determine your specific motivation for reading .
What are you specifically looking for when reading the book .
New ideas ?
A practical solution to a problem ?
An understanding of a concept ?
A chance to flex your mental muscles ?
Figure out what you want to get out of each reading session so your mind is primed to intake that knowledge .
If you are interested in improving your speed reading , I strongly suggest Breakthrough Rapid Reading by Peter Kump .
The book goes from beginner concepts that I ’ve detailed to even more advanced ones that I have yet to master ( such as reading several lines at once and reading sentences backwards to save time on a pointer backstroke ) .
Speed reading is definitely a worthwhile skill and at the very least your friends will be impressed .
My favorite math problem
Introduction According to legend , the imaginary unit i = √ - 1 was invented by mathematicians because the equation x2 + 1 = 0 had no solution .
So they introduced a new number i , defined so that i2 + 1 = 0 , and investigated the consequences .
Like most legends , this one has very little to do with the real history of the thing it purports to describe .
But let 's pretend that it 's true for a while .
Descartes ' theorem If P(x ) is some polynomial , and z is some number such that P ( z ) = 0 , then we say that z is a zero of P or a root of P. Descartes ' theorem ( yes , that Descartes ) says that if z is a zero of P , then P can be factored into P = ( x - z ) P ' , where P ' is a polynomial of lower degree , and has all the same roots as P , except without z .
For example , consider P = x3 - 6x2 + 11 x - 6 .
One of the zeroes of P is 1 , so Descartes theorem says that we can write P in the form ( x - 1 ) P ' for some second - degree polynomial P' , and if there are any other zeroes of P , they will also be zeroes of P ' .
And in fact we can ; x3 - 6x2 + 11 x - 6 = ( x - 1 ) ( x2 - 5 x + 6 ) .
The other zeroes of the original polynomial P are 2 and 3 , and both of these ( but not 1 ) are also zeroes of x2 - 5 x +
6 . We can repeat this process .
If a 1 , a 2 , ... a n are the zeroes of some nth - degree polynomial P , we can factor P as ( x - a 1 ) ( x - a 2 ) ...( x - a n ) .
The only possibly tricky thing here is that some of the a i might be the same .
x2 - 2 x + 1 has a zero of 1 , but twice , so it factors as ( x - 1 ) ( x - 1 ) .
x3 - 4x2 + 5 x - 2 has a zero of 1 , but twice , so it factors as ( x - 1 ) ( x2 - 3 x + 2 ) , where ( x2 - 3 x + 2 ) also has a zero of 1 , but this time only once .
Descartes ' theorem has a number of important corollaries : an nth - degree polynomial has no more than n zeroes .
A polynomial that has a zero can be factored .
When coupled with the so - called fundamental theorem of algebra , which says that every polynomial has a zero over the complex numbers , it implies that every nth - degree polynomial can be factored into a product of n factors of the form ( x - z ) where z is complex , or into a product of first - and second - degree polynomials with real coefficients .
The square roots of - 1 Suppose we want to know what the square roots of 1 are .
We want numbers x such that x2 = 1 , or , equivalently , such that x2 - 1 = 0 . x2 - 1 factors into ( x - 1 ) ( x+1 ) , so the zeroes are ±1 , and these are the square roots of 1 .
On the other hand , if we want the square roots of 0 , we need the solutions of x2 = 0 , and the corresponding calculation calls for us to factor x2 , which is just ( x - 0 ) ( x - 0 ) , So 0 has the same square root twice ; it is the only number without two distinct square roots .
If we want to find the square roots of - 1 , we need to factor x2 + 1 .
There are no real numbers that do this , so we call the polynomial irreducible .
Instead , we make up some square roots for it , which we will call i and j .
We want ( x - i ) ( x - j ) = x2 + 1 . Multiplying through gives x2 - ( i + j ) x + ij = x2 + 1 .
So we have some additional relationships between i and j : ij = 1 , and i + j = 0 .
Because i + j = 0 , we always dispense with j and just call it - i .
But it 's essential to realize that neither one is more important than the other .
The two square roots are identical twins , different individuals that are completely indistinguishable from each other .
Our choice about which one was primary was completely arbitrary .
That does n't even do justice to the arbitrariness of the choice : i and j are so indistinguishable that we still do n't know which one got the primary notation .
Every property enjoyed by i is also enjoyed by j. i3 = j , but j3 = i. eiπ = - 1 , but so too ejπ = - 1 .
And so on .
In fact , I once saw the branch of mathematics known as Galois theory described as being essentially the observation that i and - i were indistinguishable , plus the observation that there are no other indistinguishable pairs of complex numbers .
Anyway , all this is to set up the main point of the article , which is to describe my favorite math problem of all time .
I call it the " train problem " because I work on it every time I 'm stuck on a long train trip .
We are going to investigate irreducible polynomials ; that is , polynomials that do not factor into products of simpler polynomials .
Descartes ' theorem implies that irreducible polynomials are zeroless , so we are going to start by looking for polynomials without zeroes .
But we are not going to do it in the usual world of the real numbers .
The answer in that world is simple : x2 + 1 is irreducible , and once you make up a zero for this polynomial and insert it into the universe , you are done ; the fundamental theorem of algebra guarantees that there are no more irreducible polynomials .
So instead of the reals , we 're going to do this in a system known as Z 2 .
Z 2 Z 2 is much simpler than the real numbers .
Instead of lots and lots of numbers , Z 2 has only two .
( Hence the name :
The 2 means 2 and the Z means " numbers " .
Z is short for Zahlen , which is German . ) Z 2 has only 0 and 1 .
Addition and multiplication are as you expect , except that instead of 1 + 1 = 2 , we have 1 + 1 = 0 . + 0 1 0 0 1 1 1 0 × 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 1 The 1+1=0 oddity is the one and only difference between Z 2 and ordinary algebra .
All the other laws remain the same .
To be explicit , I will list them below : a + 0 = a
+ 0 = a + b = b + a
+ = + ( a + b ) + c = a + ( b + c )
+ ) + = + ( + ) a × 0 = 0
× 0 = 0 a × 1 = a
× 1 = a × b = b × a
× = × ( a × b ) × c = a × ( b × c )
× ) × = × ( × ) a × ( b + c ) = a × c + b × c Algebra in Z 2
But the 1+1=0 oddity does have some consequences .
For example , a + a = a· ( 1 + 1 ) = a·0 = 0 for all a .
This will continue to be true for all a , even if we extend Z 2 to include more elements than just 0 and 1 , just as x + x = 2 x is true not only in the real numbers but also in their extension , the complex numbers .
Because a + a = 0 , we have a = - a for all a , and this means that in Z 2 , addition and subtraction are the same thing .
If you do n't like subtraction — and really , who does ? — then Z 2 is the place for you .
As a consequence of this , there are some convenient algebraic manipulations .
For example , suppose we have a + b = c and we want to solve for a .
Normally , we would subtract b from both sides .
But in Z 2 , we can add b to both sides , getting a + b + b = c + b .
Then the b + b on the left cancels ( because b + b = 0 ) leaving a = c + b.
From now on , I 'll call this the addition law .
If you suffered in high school algebra because you wanted ( a + b ) 2 to be equal to a 2 + b2 , then suffer no more , because in Z 2 they are equal .
Here 's the proof : ( a + b) 2 = ( a + b ) ( a + b ) = a ( a + b ) + b( a + b ) = ( a2 + ab ) + ( ba + b2 ) = a 2 + ab + ab + b2 = a 2 + b2
Because the ab + ab cancels in the last step .
This happy fact , which I 'll call the square law , also holds true for sums of more than two terms : ( a + b + ... + z ) 2 = a 2 + b2 + ... + z2 .
But it does not hold true for cubes ; ( a + b) 3 is a 3 + a 2 b + a b2 + b3 , not a3 + b3 .
Irreducible polynomials in Z 2
Now let 's try to find a polynomial that is irreducible in Z 2 .
The first degree polynomials are x and x+1 , and both of these have zeroes : 0 and 1 , respectively .
There are four second - degree polynomials : x2 x2 + 1 x2 + x x2 + x + 1
If a second - degree polynomial is reducible , it must factor into a product of two first - degree polynomials , and there are three such products : x·x , ( x+1 ) ( x+1 ) , and x( x+1 ) .
These are , respectively , polynomials 1 , 2 , and 3 in the previous display .
The polynomials have zeroes as indicated here : Polynomial Zeroes Factorization x2 0 ( twice ) x2 x2 + 1 1 ( twice ) ( x+1 ) 2 x2 + x 0 , 1 x( x+1 ) x2 + x + 1 none
Note in particular that , unlike in the real numbers , x2 + 1 is not irreducible in Z 2 .
1 is a zero of this polynomial , which , because of the square law , factors as ( x+1 ) ( x+1 ) .
But we have found an irreducible polynomial , x2 + x +
1 . The other three second - degree polynomials all can be factored , but x2 + x + 1 cannot .
Like the fictitious mathematicians who invented i , we will rectify this problem , by introducing into Z 2 a new number , called b , which has the property that b2 + b + 1 = 0 .
What are the consequences of this ?
The first thing to notice is that we have n't added only one new number to Z 2 .
When we add i to the real numbers , we also get a lot of other stuff like i+1 and 3i - 17 coming along for the ride .
Here we can't add just b.
We must also add b+1 .
The next thing we need to do is figure out how to add and multiply with b .
The addition and multiplication tables are extended as follows : + 0 1 b b+1 0 0 1 b b+1 1 1 0 b+1 b b b b+1 0 1 b+1 b+1 b 1 0 × 0 1 b b+1 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 b b+1 b 0 b b+1 1 b+1 0 b+1 1 b
The only items here that might require explanation are the entries in the lower - right - hand corner of the multiplication table .
Why is b×b = b+1 ?
Well , b2 + b + 1 = 0 , by definition , so b2 = b + 1 by the addition law .
Why is b × ( b+1 ) = 1 ? Well , b × ( b+1 ) = b2 + b = ( b + 1 ) + b = 1 because the two b's cancel .
Perhaps you can work out ( b+1 ) × ( b+1 ) for yourself .
From here there are a number of different things we could investigate .
But what I think is most crucial is to discover the value of b3 .
Let 's calculate that .
b3 = b·b2. b2 , we know , is b+1. So b3 = b( b+1 ) =
1 . Thus b is a cube root of 1 .
People with some experience with this sort of study will not be surprised by this .
The cube roots of 1 are precisely the zeroes of the polynomial x3 + 1 = 0 . 1 is obviously a cube root of 1 , and so Descartes ' theorem says that x3 + 1 must factor into ( x+1 ) P , where P is some second - degree polynomial whose zeroes are the other two cube roots .
P can't be divisible by x , because 0 is not a cube root of 1 , so it must be either ( x+1 ) ( x+1 ) , or something else .
If it were the former , then we would have x3 + 1 = ( x +1 ) 3 , but as I pointed out before , we do n't .
So it must be something else .
The only candidate is x2 + x +
1 . Thus the other two cube roots of 1 must be zeroes of x2 + x +
1 . The next question we must answer without delay is : b is one of the zeroes of x2 + x + 1 ; what is the other ?
There is really only one possibility : it must be b+1 , because that is the only other number we have .
But another way to see this is to observe that if p is a cube root of 1 , then p2 must also be a cube root of 1 : b3 = 1 ( b3 ) 2 = 12 b6 = 1 ( b2 ) 3 = 1
So we now know the three zeroes of x3 + 1 : they are 1 , b , and b2 .
Since x3 + 1 factors into ( x+1 ) ( x2+x+1 ) , the two zeroes of x2+x+1 are b and b2 .
As we noted before , b2 = b+1 .
This means that x2 + x + 1 should factor into ( x+b ) ( x+b+1 ) .
Multiplying through we get x2 + bx + ( b+1 ) x + b( b+1 ) = x2 + x + 1 , as hoped .
Actually , the fact that both b and b2 are zeroes of x2+x+1 is not a coincidence .
Z 2 has the delightful property that if z is a zero of any polynomial whose coefficients are all 0's and 1's , then z2 is also a zero of that polynomial .
I 'll call this Theorem 1 .
Theorem 1 is not hard to prove ; it follows from the square law .
Feel free to skip the demonstration which follows in the rest of the paragraph .
Suppose the polynomial is P( x ) = a n xn + a n - 1 xn - 1 + ... + a 1 x + a 0 , and z is a zero of P , so that P ( z ) = 0 . Then ( P( z ) ) 2 = 0 also , so ( a n zn + a n - 1 zn - 1 + ... + a 1 z + a 0 ) 2 = 0 .
By the square law , we have a n 2 ( zn ) 2 + a n - 1 2 ( zn - 1) 2 + ... + a 1 2z2 + a 0 2 = 0 .
Since all the a i are either 0 or 1 , we have a i 2 = a i , so a n ( zn ) 2 + a n - 1 ( zn - 1 ) 2 + ... + a 1 z2 + a 0 = 0 .
And finally , ( zk ) 2 = ( z2 ) k , so we get a n ( z2 ) n + a n - 1 ( z2 ) n - 1 + ... + a 1 z2 + a 0 = P ( z2 ) = 0 , which is what we wanted to prove .
Now you might be worried about something : the fact that b is a zero of x2 + x + 1 implies that b2 is also a zero ; does n't the fact that b2 is a zero imply that b4 is also a zero ?
And then also b8 and b16 and so forth ?
Then we would be in trouble , because x2 + x + 1 is a second - degree polynomial , and , by Descartes ' theorem , cannot have more than two zeroes .
But no , there is no problem , because b3 = 1 , so b4 = b·b3 = b·1 = b , and similarly b8 = b2 , so we are getting the same two zeroes over and over .
Symmetry again Just as i and - i are completely indistinguishable from the point of view of the real numbers , so too are b and b+1 indistinguishable from the point of view of Z 2 .
One of them has been given a simpler notation than the other , but there is no way to tell which one we gave the simpler notation to !
The one and only defining property of b is that b2 + b + 1 = 0 ; since b+1 also shares this property , it also shares every other property of b. b and b+1 are both cube roots of 1 .
Each , added to the other gives 1 ; each , added to 1 gives the other .
Each , when multiplied by itself gives the other ; each when multiplied by the other gives 1 .
Third - degree polynomials
We have pretty much exhausted the interesting properties of b and its identical twin b2 , so let 's move on to irreducible third - degree polynomials .
If a third - degree polynomial is reducible , then it is either a product of three linear factors , or of a linear factor and an irreducible second - degree polynomial .
If the former , it must be one of the four products x3 , x2 ( x+1 ) , x( x+1 ) 2 , or ( x + 1 ) 3 .
If the latter , it must be one of x ( x2+x+1 ) or ( x+1 ) ( x2+x+1 ) .
This makes 6 reducible polynomials .
Since there are 8 third - degree polynomials in all , the other two must be irreducible : Polynomial Zeroes Factorization x3 0 , 0 , 0 x3 x3 + 1 1 , b , b+1 ( x+1 ) ( x2+x+1 ) x3 + x 0 , 1 , 1 x( x+1 ) 2 x3 + x + 1 none x3 + x2 0 , 0 , 1 x2( x+1 ) x3 + x2 + 1 none x3 + x2 + x 0 , b , b+1 x ( x2+x+1 ) x3 + x2 + x + 1 1 , 1 , 1 ( x+1 ) 3
There are two irreducible third - degree polynomials .
Let 's focus on x3 + x + 1 , since it seems a little simpler .
As before , we will introduce a new number , c , which has the property c3 + c + 1 = 0 .
By the addition law , this implies that c3 = c +
1 .
Using this , we can make a table of powers of c , which will be useful later : c1 = c c2 = c 2 c3 = c + 1 c4 = c2 + c c5 = c2 + c + 1 c6 = c2 + 1 c7 = 1
To calculate the entries in this table , just multiply each line by c to get the line below .
For example , once we know that c5 = c2 + c + 1 , we multiply by c to get c6 = c3 + c2 + c. But c3 = c + 1 by definition , so c6 = ( c + 1 ) + c2 + c = c2 + 1 .
Once we get as far as c7 , we find that c is a 7th root of 1 .
Analogous to the way b and b2 were both cube roots of 1 , the other 7th roots of 1 are c2 , c3 , c4 , c5 , c6 , and 1 .
For example , c5 is a 7th root of 1 because ( c5 ) 7 = c35 = ( c7 ) 5 = 15 = 1 .
We 've decided that c is a zero of x3 + x +
1 . What are the other two zeroes ?
By theorem 1 , they must be c2 and ( c2 ) 2 = c4 .
Wait , what about c8 ?
Is n't that a zero also , by the same theorem ?
Oh , but c8 = c·c7 = c , so it 's really the same zero again .
What about c3 , c5 , and c6 ?
Those are the zeroes of the other irreducible third - degree polynomial , x3 + x2 + 1 .
For example , ( c3 ) 3 + ( c3 ) 2 + 1 = c9 + c6 + 1 = c2 + ( c2+1 ) + 1 = 0 .
So when we take Z 2 and adjoin a new number that is a solution of the previously unsolvable equation x3 + x + 1 = 0 , we 're actually forced to add six new numbers ; the resulting system has 8 , and includes three different solutions to both irreducible third - degree polynomials , and a full complement of 7th roots of 1 .
Since the zeroes of x3 + x + 1 and x3 + x2 + 1 are all 7th roots of 1 , this tells us that x7 + 1 factors as ( x+1 ) ( x3 + x + 1 ) ( x3 + x2 + 1 ) , which might not have been obvious .
Onward I said this was my favorite math problem , but I did n't say what the question was .
But by this time we have dozens of questions .
For example :
We 've seen cube roots and seventh roots of 1 .
Where did the fifth roots go ?
( The square theorem ensures that even - order roots are uninteresting .
The fourth roots of 1 , for example , are just 1 , 1 , 1 , and 1 .
The sixth roots are the same as the cube roots , but repeated : 1 , 1 , b , b , b 2 , and b 2 . )
The fifth roots , it turns out , appear later , as the four zeroes of the polynomial x 4 + x 3 + x 2 + x + 1 . These four , and 1 , are five of the 15 fifteenth roots of 1 .
Eight others appear as the zeroes of the other two irreducible fourth - degree polynomials , and the other two fifteenth roots are b and b 2 .
If we let d be a zero of one of the other irreducible fourth - degree polynomials , say x 4 + x + 1 , then the zeroes of this polynomial are d , d 2 , d 4 , and d 8 , and the zeroes of the other are d 7 , d 11 , d 13 , and d 14 .
So we have an interesting situation .
We can extend Z 2 by adjoining the zeroes of x 3 + 1 , to get a larger system with 4 elements instead of only 2 .
And we can extend Z 2 by adjoining the zeroes of x 7 + 1 , to get a larger system with 8 elements instead of only 2 .
But we can't do the corresponding thing with x 5 + 1 , because the fifth roots of 1 do n't form a closed system .
The sum of any two of the seventh roots of 1 was another seventh root of 1 ; for example , c 3 + c 4 = c 6 and c + c 2 = c 4 .
But the corresponding fact about fifth roots is false .
Suppose , for example , that y 5 = 1 .
We 'd like for y + y 2 to be another fifth root of 1 , but it is n't ; it actually turns out that ( y + y 2 ) 5 = b .
For which n do the n th roots of 1 form a closed system ?
What do we get if we extend Z 2 with both b and c ?
What 's bc ?
What 's b + c ?
( Spoiler : b + c turns out to be zero of x 6 + x 5 + x 3 + x 2 + 1 , and is a 63rd root of 1 , so we may as well call it f . bc = f 48 .)
The degree of a number is the degree of the simplest polynomial of which it is a zero .
What 's the degree of b + c ?
In general , if p and q have degrees d ( p ) and d ( q ) , respectively , what can we say about the degrees of pq and p + q ?
with both and ?
What 's ?
What 's + ?
( Spoiler : + turns out to be zero of + + + + 1 , and is a 63rd root of 1 , so we may as well call it . = .)
Since there is an n th root of 1 for every odd n , that implies that for all odd n , there is some k such that n divides 2 k - 1 .
How are n and k related ?
th root of 1 for every odd , that implies that for all odd , there is some such that divides 2 - 1 .
How are and related ?
For n = 2 , 3 , and 4 , the polynomial x n + x + 1 was irreducible .
Is this true in general ?
( No : x 5 + x + 1 = ( x 3 + x 2 + 1 ) ( x 2 + x + 1 ) .)
When is it true ?
Is there a good way to find irreducible polynomials ?
How many irreducible polynomials are there of degree n ?
( The sequence starts out 0 , 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 6 , 9 , 18 , 30 , 56 , 99 , ... )
= 2 , 3 , and 4 , the polynomial + + 1 was irreducible .
Is this true in general ?
( No : + + 1 = ( + + 1 ) ( + + 1 ) .)
When is it true ?
Is there a good way to find irreducible polynomials ?
How many irreducible polynomials are there of degree ?
( The sequence starts out 0 , 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 6 , 9 , 18 , 30 , 56 , 99 , ... )
The Galois theorem says that any finite field that contains Z 2 must have 2 n elements , and its addition component must be isomorphic to a direct product of n copies of Z 2 .
Extending Z 2 with c , for example , gives us the field GF ( 8 ) , obtained as the direct product of {0 , 1} , {0 , c } , and {0 , c 2 } .
The addition is very simple , but the multiplication , viewed in this light , is rather difficult , since it depends on knowing the secret identity c · c 2 = c +
1 . Identify the element a 0 + a 1 c + a 2 c 2 with the number a 0 + 2 a 1 + 4 a 2 , and let the addition operation be exclusive - or .
What happens to the multiplication operation ?
must have 2 elements , and its addition component must be isomorphic to a direct product of copies of .
Extending with , for example , gives us the field ( 8 ) , obtained as the direct product of {0 , 1} , {0 , } , and {0 , } .
The addition is very simple , but the multiplication , viewed in this light , is rather difficult , since it depends on knowing the secret identity · = +
1 . Consider a linear - feedback shift register : # Arguments : N , a positive integer # 0 <= K <= 2**N - 1 MAXBIT = 2**N c = 2 until c == 1 : c *= 2 if ( c => MAXBIT ) : c &= ~MAXBIT c ^= K print c ( Except that this function runs backward relative to the way that LFSRs usually work . )
Does this terminate for all choices of N and K ? ( Yes . )
For any given N , the maximum number of iterations of the until loop is 2 N - 1 .
For which choices of K is this maximum achieved ?
( Except that this function runs backward relative to the way that LFSRs usually work . )
Consider irreducible sixth - degree polynomials .
We should expect that adjoining a zero of one of these , say f , will expand Z 2 to contain 64 elements : 0 , 1 , f , f 2 , ... , f 62 , and f 63 = 1 .
In fact , this is the case .
But of these 62 new elements , some are familiar .
Specifically , f 9 = c , and f 21 = b .
Of the 62 powers of f , 8 are numbers we have seen before , leaving only 54 new numbers .
Each irreducible 6th - degree polynomial has 6 of these 54 as its zeroes , so there are 9 such polynomials .
What does this calculation look like in general ?
, will expand to contain 64 elements : 0 , 1 , , , ... , , and = 1 .
In fact , this is the case .
c 1 , c 2 , and c 4 are zeroes of x 3 + x + 1 , one of the two irreducible third - degree polynomials .
This means that x 3 + x + 1 = ( x + c 1 ) ( x + c 2 ) ( x + c 4 ) .
Multiplying out the right - hand side , we get : x 3 + ( c + c 2 + c 4 ) x 2 + ( c 3 + c 5 + c 6 ) x + 1 . Equating coefficients , we have c + c 2 + c 4 = 0 and c 3 + c 5 + c 6 = 1 . c 3 , c 5 , and c 6 are the zeroes of the other irreducible third - degree polynomial .
Coincidence ?
( No . )
, , and are zeroes of + + 1 , one of the two irreducible third - degree polynomials .
This means that + + 1 = ( + ) ( + ) ( + ) .
Multiplying out the right - hand side , we get : + ( + + ) + ( + + ) +
1 . Equating coefficients , we have + + = 0 and + + = 1 . , , and are the zeroes of the irreducible third - degree polynomial .
Coincidence ?
( No . )
The irreducible polynomials appear to come in symmetric pairs : if a n x n + a n - 1 x n - 1 + ... + a 1 x + a 0 is irreducible , then so is a 0 x n + a 1 x n - 1 + ... + a n - 1 x + a n .
Why ?
+ + ... + + is irreducible , then so is + + ... + + .
Why ?
c 1 , c 2 , and c 4 are the zeroes of one of the irreducible third - degree polynomials .
1 , 2 , and 4 are all the three - bit binary numbers that have exactly one 1 bit .
c 3 , c 5 , and c 6 are the zeroes the other irreducible third - degree polynomial .
3 , 5 , and 6 are all the three - bit binary numbers that have exactly one 0 bit .
Coincidence ?
( No ; theorem 1 is closely related here . )
Now consider the analogous case for fourth - degree polynomials .
The 4 - bit numbers that have one 1 bit are 0001 , 0010 , 0100 , and 1000 ( 1 , 2 , 4 , and 8 ) which are all zeroes of one of the irreducible 4th - degree polynomials .
The 4 - bit numbers that have one 0 bit are 1110 , 1101 , 1011 , and 0111 ( 7 , 11 , 13 , and 14 ) which are all zeroes of another of the irreducible 4th - degree polynomials .
The 4 - bit numbers with two 1 bits and two 0 bits fall into two groups .
In one group we have the numbers where similar bits are adjacent : 0011 , 0110 , 1100 , and 1001 , or 3 , 6 , 9 , and 12 .
These are the zeroes of the third irreducible 4th - degree polynomial .
The remaining 4 - bit numbers are 0101 and 1010 , which correspond to b and b 2 .
There is , therefore , a close relationship between the structure an extension of Z 2 and the so - called " necklace patterns " of bits , which are patterns that imagine that the bits are joined into a circle with no distinguishable starting point .
The exceptional values ( b and b 2 ) corresponded to necklace patterns that did not possess the full n - fold symmetry .
This occurs for composite values of n .
But we might also expect to find exceptions at n = 11 , since then 2 n - 1 = 2047 is composite .
However , 2047 is exceptional in another way : 2047 = 23 · 89 , and neither 23 nor 89 is a divisor of 2 n - 1 for any smaller value of n .
Can we prove from this that when p is prime and 2 p - 1 is not , the divisors of 2 p - 1 do not divide 2 q - 1 for any q < p ?
, , and are the zeroes of one of the irreducible third - degree polynomials .
1 , 2 , and 4 are all the three - bit binary numbers that have exactly one 1 bit . , , and are the zeroes the other irreducible third - degree polynomial .
3 , 5 , and 6 are all the three - bit binary numbers that have exactly one 0 bit .
Coincidence ?
( No ; theorem 1 is closely related here . )
There is , therefore , a close relationship between the structure an extension of and the so - called " necklace patterns " of bits , which are patterns that imagine that the bits are joined into a circle with no distinguishable starting point .
Since ci are the seventh roots of 1 , we have x7 + 1 = ( x + 1 ) ( x + c ) ( x + c 2 ) ...( x + c6 ) .
After dividing out the trivial factor of x+1 , we are left with : x6 + x5 + ... + 1 = ( x + c ) ( x + c 2 ) ...( x + c6 ) Multiplying through on the right side and equating coefficients gives : c + c2 + ... + c6 = 1 cc2 + cc3 + ... + c5c6 = 1 cc2c3 + cc2c4 + ... + c4c5c6 = 1 ... = ... cc2c3c4c5c6 = 1
What , if anything , can one make of this ?
The reason this problem works so well as a long - train - trip problem is that it can be approached from many different directions and at many different levels of difficulty .
If I am tired and woozy , I can still enumerate fifth - degree polynomials looking for the irreducible ones , calculate tables of values of en , and ponder the interrelationships of the exponents until I fall asleep .
When I wake up again , rested , I can consider the deep relationships with the Galois theorem , with algebra , with random number generation , and with cryptography .
And then , when I get tired of Z 2 , I can start all over with Z 3 .
[ Other articles in category / math ] permanent link
In a presentation at the Intel Developer Forum today , Intel CTO Justin Rattner described three major innovations that Intel has been working on , the first of which is what the company calls a " terascale research chip " — a processor with 80 cores on one piece of silicon that can deliver up to a teraflop ( 1 trillion floating - point operations per second ) of computing power .
The other two innovations had been previously announced : a technology called through silicon vias ( TSVs ) , and an optical interconnect technology .
The 80 - core processor consists of eight simple floating - point cores that each implement a small , stripped - down , non -x86 ISA .
These cores are arranged in a tile pattern and connected to each other by means of an on -chip network .
Note that these cores are almost certainly in - order , and are certainly less complex than the Cell processor 's SPEs .
The whole thing is very reminiscent of Sun 's Niagara , and in fact I 've heard that internally Intel uses their own little water - based metaphor for it ; they call it the " sea of cores " approach .
From what I can tell , the cores ' connection to memory is a bit odd , and involves a combination of the aforementioned on - chip network and a new technology called through silicon vias .
Like a Dagwood sandwich with multiple toothpicks
The TSVs are a kind of 3D interconnect technology that involves stacking chips directly on top of each other .
There contacts on the adjacent faces of each chip that act as vertical wires , or " vias , " and that connect the two chips together .
To get a mental picture of what I 'm describing , just think of a Dagwood sandwich with toothpicks sticking in it , such that the different layers of the sandwich are connected via the toothpicks .
The layers of the sandwich ( bread , meat , lettuce , etc. ) would be the silicon chips , and the toothpicks would be the wires that the chips use to talk to each other .
Now , imagine a side of chips with the sandwich ...
Anyway , by stacking memory directly on top of a massively multicore processor and then having wires come up through the different points of the processor and connect directly to the memory chip , Intel claims that they can get transfer rates between the processor and memory of up to a terabyte per second .
Though it 's not spelled out in the press release and I have n't seen it described this way elsewhere , here 's how I imagine that it works .
The 80 cores are arranged in a tile configuration and are connected by an on - chip network , as described above .
Then , Intel places a via ( or a bundle of vias ) on the network at intervals across the chip , so that the few tiles sitting near each via can have a fast connection to whatever part of memory that that via connects to .
Of course , the tiles in one region of the chip would have a slower connection to the more distant regions of memory through other vias that are further away than they would to the via that 's nearby .
Silicon " laser device "
It 's one thing to move data at a terabyte / second in between a CPU and a pool of closely coupled RAM , but it 's another trick entirely to get such a package to talk to the rest of a computer system at a fast enough rate .
This chip and memory combination could starve conventional socket and interconnect technology pretty quickly , which is why Intel is working on using lasers to connect the silicon sandwiches together at very high bandwidths .
I wo n't spend any time describing this particular technology , because our own Clint Ecker did an excellent job writing it up earlier this month .
What 's the point of an 80 - core processor ?
You 're probably wondering what the point of an 80 - core processor is , when PS3 programmers are moaning about having to code for a chip with a mere seven small , in - order floating - point cores .
This question has few answers , depending on how you approach it .
In the near - term , the point of this terascale chip is that it's a research project .
The individual cores are very simplified , and they do n't implement a standard ISA , because right now they 're there for research purposes .
( I 'd expect the cores to get more complex , and maybe to offer more than just floating - point , in a production model . )
So the chip as a whole provides a platform for tooling around with massively multicore architectures , and figuring how to organize them , connect them to memory , program them , and generally bring ideas from the drawing board into the lab .
In other words , this chip is a prototype , and it points in a direction that Intel thinks they 'll eventually take .
From a manufacturing and hardware design standpoint , the main problems that go with making use of an 80 - core processor are interconnect - and memory latency - related .
So Intel is clearly trying to solve those with TSVs and the laser interconnect technology , so that they can make usable systems built around such massively multicore chips .
This brings me to the long - term part of the question about the point of an 80 - core processor .
Software developers will point out that the only computing problems that could use the muscle of an 80 - core chip like this exist in the rarified realm of high - performance computing , where programmers simulate weather patterns and nuclear blasts and whatnot .
In the consumer software market , software architects are struggling to make use of the embarrassment of computational riches provided by dual - core processors , quad - core processors , and ( most recently ) GPUs .
All of this is true , as far as it goes , but I can't help but think that if such systems are widely available in the next decade , entrepreneurs will come up with a ways to make money from them .
The nagging issue here is that I have no idea what a mass - market 80 - core software application looks like , and neither does Intel ( or Microsoft , or Sun , or IBM , etc. ) .
So to sum up , in the short - term , the terascale chip is a research platform for working out the kinks of massively multicore system and software design .
In the long - term , this endeavor definitely has an air of " if we build it , will they come ? " about it .
But too many hardware makers are moving in this direction for the rest of the industry not to follow them .
So even though Intel is forging ahead into uncharted territory with this " sea of cores " initiative , they 're not doing so alone .
By Helen Briggs
BBC News science reporter
Mammoths became extinct in the last few thousand years
The 5,000 DNA letters spell out a large chunk of the genetic code of its mitochondria , the structures in the cell that generate energy .
The research , published in the online edition of Nature , gives an insight into the elephant family tree .
It shows that the mammoth was most closely related to the Asian rather than the African elephant .
The three groups split from a common ancestor about six million years ago , with Asian elephants and mammoths diverging about half a million years later .
" We have finally resolved the phylogeny of the mammoth which has been controversial for the last 10 years , " lead author Michael Hofreiter of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , Germany , told the BBC News website .
Ice age wanderer
Mammoths lived in Africa , Europe , Asia and North America between about 1.6 million years ago and 10,000 years ago during the Pleistocene epoch .
It is the longest stretch of DNA [ decoded to date ] from any Pleistocene species ,
Michael Hofreiter
The DNA of several extinct ice age mammals , preserved in permafrost , has been analysed before , but not in such detail .
" It is the longest stretch of DNA [ decoded to date ] from any Pleistocene species , " said Professor Hofreiter .
Maternal line
The team of researchers - from Germany , the UK , and the US - extracted and analysed mammoth DNA using a new technique that works on even the tiny quantities of fossilised bone - in this case 200 milligrams .
Some 46 chunks of DNA sequence were matched up and arranged in order , giving a complete record of the mammoth 's mitochondrial DNA - the circular scrap of genetic material found outside the cell 's nucleus .
It is passed down the maternal line with small but regular changes , giving scientists a window into the past .
Although the bulk of an animal 's genetic information is found in the nucleus , mitochondrial DNA is particularly useful for studying the evolutionary relationships between different species .
The complete mitochondrial DNA of an extinct animal has been sequenced before but only for the flightless bird , the moa , which died out about 500 years ago .
Dan Bradley , an expert in ancient DNA at Trinity College , Dublin , Ireland , said the research was " a bit of a landmark " .
" Most ancient mitochondrial DNA projects use just small parts of the mitochondria , " he said .
Alternative view
In a separate piece of research , published in the journal Science , a team reports sequencing some of the nuclear DNA from 27,000 - year - old Siberian mammoth remains .
Again , novel techniques were used to get at this genetic material which is normally less prevalent than mitochondrial DNA .
Hendrik Poinar , from McMaster University in Ontario , Canada , and colleagues took their sample from an animal 's jawbone .
In contrast to the Nature paper , the Science team says its work shows the ice age beast to have been more closely related to the African elephant ; its genetic material was 98.5 % identical to nuclear DNA from an African elephant , the group said .
One of the Science article 's authors , Stephan Schuster of Penn State 's Center for Comparative Genomics and Bioinformatics , noted the Nature study 's reliance on mitochondrial DNA .
" Mitochondrial DNA is a tiny piece of hereditary information , " he told the Associated Press .
" What determines the physiology and the appearance of an organism is all stored in the chromosome [ found in the nucleus ] , and so this tiny bit of information [ carried by mitochondrial DNA ] is only one - 100,000th of the information that is stored on the chromosome . "
22 August 2006
My friend Julian Weber died Sunday in New York .
He was already mostly retired from a successful career in law and publishing when he helped us start Viaweb in 1995 .
He 'd been , among other things , president of the National Lampoon .
This was our kind of business guy .
Julian gave us the very first funding to work on Viaweb , back when it was just an idea .
He also did all the company 's legal work , and taught us some of the mechanics of business , including how investment deals worked .
He was for years the voice of sanity on our board .
Viaweb would never have made it without him .
Julian was a big part of the inspiration for Y Combinator .
His example showed us the magic combination of ingredients you need to add to hackers to make a startup : seed money , legal work , advice about deals , and a ( comparatively ) calm source of advice in moments of crisis .
Our goal with YC was to reproduce what we'd had .
Among ourselves we called it RoboJulian .
What we can't reproduce is his particular breed of biting wit .
Everyone always shut up when Julian was about to say something .
We never knew if it was going to be advice or a joke , but we knew it would be worth hearing .
by Gina Trapani
Click to view
You 've gotten into the habit of stowing away information into text files .
But how do you make sure your todo .
txt does n't languish in the dark depths of your hard drive , untouched ?
Advertisement
If you keep your daily worklog , grocery shopping list , todo's , project ideas or even your calendar in text files , you can embed that information right onto your Windows desktop automatically with free Windows system monitoring software , Samurize .
Among other things , Samurize displays a constantly - updated text file right on your computer desktop , no text editor or command shell required , for quick and easy visual reference .
Advertisement
Note : Back in the dog days of July , we dashed off a post on Samurize , but to the newbie , it 's not the most intuitive piece of software .
This article serves as a detailed tutorial on getting started with Samurize .
Download of the Day : Samurize Windows only : I asked for a Windows software that can display command line output and text files on Read more
Check out a Windows desktop with Samurize configured to display several . txt files on it , as well as a short process list :
Advertisement
What 's nice about plain text on the desktop is that it displays information without requiring a separate app .
Unlike widget engines that put big old chunky eye candy everywhere , its plain Jane appearance is n't much of a distraction .
Here 's how to get it set up .
1. Download Samurize from here and install .
Confusingly , the Samurize site lists the app and a config download on the same page - be sure to download the second item on the page , " Serious Samurize 1.64 . "
Advertisement
2. Launch Samurize .
The work area will consist of 3 panes : the far left shows your desktop " meters " in a list , the second is the workspace , which represents your desktop and the meter placement , and the third shows the details of a " meter , " as shown ( click to enlarge . )
Advertisement
All of this information is saved in a Samurize config file .
Start with the provided Sample.ini config file and make a copy by choosing " Save As " from the File menu and naming it my - config.ini .
Any time you make changes to your configuration , back up your current file and work on a copy .
3 . Add your first text file meter .
From the Meters menu , choose Add Text file .
Advertisement
You 'll notice a selected area placed within your workspace .
Choose which text file you want to appear on your desktop in the TextFile Properties pane on the left .
There you can tweak appearance like font and color .
Also , to add a header ( like " My todo list " , in the Display tab , enter your text then place the " %v " below it , like so ( click to enlarge ) :
Advertisement
Rinse and repeat for all the text files you want to include on your desktop .
Adjust the size and the placement in the workspace area .
Name your meters on the far left to keep track of what 's what , and be sure to save your config file as you work .
Right - click the Samurize icon , and from the " Select config file " menu , choose the name of your config ( like my - config.ini ) .
This will activate your working config on your desktop .
As you make changes to a config , save them , and then from the right - click menu , choose " Reload Config " to see the changes on your desktop .
If your desktop wallpaper makes the text output hard to read , try using a Drop Shadow .
On the Display tab , check off " Shadow . "
The default shadow color is black ( ugly ! ) but you can hit the Shadow Color button to choose something better ( I like a light gray . )
Advertisement
5 . For command - line lovers , Samurize can also display the output of text commands on your desktop , like a constantly updating process list .
To do so , in your working config file , from the Meters menu choose Add > Console Program .
Advertisement
In the Source tab on the Meter Properties panel , type TASKLIST as the command ( or any other that produces text output ) .
Hit the " Test Command " button to see the output in your workspace .
You 'll notice that the output is in columns , but the font is n't fixed width by default so all the columns are uneven .
Scroll down the Display tab and click the " Select Font " button .
Choose a fixed width font , like Terminal , to get all the columns lined up .
( Thanks , BlogJones ! )
Advertisement
If you do n't want to display ALL your tasks ( it can be a long list ) , narrow it down to just the processes using more than 10000KB , use the TASKLIST filter operator , like TASKLIST / FI " MEMUSAGE gt 10000 " .
We 've barely scratched the surface of Samurize , which is actually a quite advanced system monitoring tool which has all kinds of features and functionality .
Display the current weather , the distance your mouse has travelled , the temperature of your CPU , how many unread messages are in your POP account and more with Samurize and its growing library of plugins and meters .
Advertisement
More on plain text
Advertisement
Are you a Samurize user ?
What are your favorite meters or scripts ?
Let us know in the comments .
Gina Trapani , the editor of Lifehacker , loves her . txt right on the desktop .
Her semi- weekly feature , Geek to Live , appears every Wednesday and Friday on Lifehacker .
Subscribe to the Geek to Live feed to get new installments in your newsreader .
While sacrificing pieces and pawns had been part of the game of chess from its earliest beginnings , the 1800s saw the tactic rise as a prominent weapon in a player ’s tactical and strategy arsenal with players such as GM Karl Ernst Adolf Anderssen ( 1818 - 1879 ) ( often Anderssen , A. in game notations ) .
While Anderssen ’s Mate is named after him , Anderseen was a fierce competitor and staunch proponent of playing sacrificial chess .
He is best known for the so - called “ Immortal Game ” in London in 1851 and the well - known so - called “ The Evergreen ” game in Berlin 1852 .
The later got its name from GM Wilhelm Steinitz who put the mark on this game of being the “ evergreen in Anderssen ’s laurel wreath . ”
These two games are hallmarks in the theoretical realm of sacrificial chess .
Anderssen ’s talent for ensnaring opponents into “ unseen mates ” using sacrifices are a treasure to examine !
While later analysis showed perhaps that a more “ prosaic ” line would have won the game without much troubles for White , GM Garry Kasparov pointed out that the chess world would have lost one of its crown jewels if the game had instead taken that turn .
[ Source : http://www.brainsturgeon.com/iversen/000415b.htm].
The source also provides the interesting prosaic line as well as alternate lines of play in the endgame .
The two games represent just some of the masterpieces of artistic playing that come along in chess that I mentioned in My Chess Philosophy !
The two games are also highly entertaining because of Anderssen ’s ability to develop the checkmate move … Be7 # … in two different games from two different mating patterns and mating nets .
a b c d e f g h 8 8 7 7 6 6 5 5 4 4 3 3 2 2 1 1 a b c d e f g h Click Down Arrow to Choose Auto Play Speed 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Move :
[ you may click on a move notation to the right to jump to that move ]
Anderssen – Kieseritzky
London , 1851 [ The Immortal Game ] 1.e4 e5 2.f4 exf4 3.Bc4 Qh4 + 4.Kf1 b5 5 . Bxb5 Nf6 6.Nf3 Qh6 7.d3 Nh5 8 . Nh4 Qg5 9.Nf5 c6 10.g4 Nf6 11.Rg1 cxb5 12.h4Qg6 13.h5 Qg5 14.Qf3 Ng8 15 .
Bxf4 Qf6 16.Nc3 Bc5 17 .Nd5 Qxb2 18.Bd6 Bxg1 19.e5 Qxa1 + 20 .Ke2 Na6 21.Nxg7 + Kd822.Qf6 + Nxf6 23 .Be7 # 1 - 0 a b c d e f g h 8 8 7 7 6 6 5 5 4 4 3 3 2 2 1 1 a b c d e f g h Click Down Arrow to Choose Auto Play Speed 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Move :
[ you may click on a move notation to the right to jump to that move ] Anderssen – Dufresne
Berlin , 1852 ( The Evergreen Game )
1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.Bc4 Bc5 4.b4 Bxb4 5.c3 Ba5 6.d4 exd4 7.O - O d3 8.Qb3 Qf6 9.e5 Qg6 10 .Re1 Nge7 11.Ba3 b5 12.Qxb5Rb8 13.Qa4 Bb6 14 . Nbd2 Bb7 15 .Ne4 Qf5 16 .
Bxd3 Qh5 17.Nf6 + gxf6 18.exf6 Rg8 19 .Rad1 Qxf3 20 .
Rxe7 + Nxe7 21. Qxd7 +Kxd7 22.Bf5 + Ke8 23 .Bd7 + Kf8 24 .Bxe7 # 1-
0
Convaincre un cilent de ne pas utiliser de Splash Page
Examples include : accuplacer.com johnellis.com reachmediatv.com .
A search at Google for " Click to Enter " or " Skip Intro " reveals many sites that have non-descriptive text associated with them due to their use of splash pages .
These results are n't likely to get clicks .
Search engines stopped caring about meta keyword tags a long time ago - - it 's all about what 's actually on the page now .
Search engines can figure this out and you can get banned for it .
From Google 's Webmaster Guidelines :
Make pages for users , not for search engines .
Do n't deceive your users or present different content to search engines than you display to users , which is commonly referred to as " cloaking . "
When we have clients who are thinking about Flash splash pages , we tell them to go to their local supermarket and bring a mime with them .
Have the mime stand in front of the supermarket , and , as each customer tries to enter , do a little show that lasts two minutes , welcoming them to the supermarket and trying to explain the bread is on aisle six and milk is on sale today .
The number one reason for getting rid of our splash page was that it turned away at least 25 % of our site visitors , sometimes more .
This percentage has actually been researched and it turns out that at least 25 % of site visitors will immediately leave a site as soon as they see a message for a Flash splash screen ( even if there 's a ' skip intro ' link ) .
Our access logs confirmed this for us and this over all the other reasons caused us to get rid of it .
The opportunity to improve our creativity was not worth the loss of such a high percentage of visitors .
You want to minimize the number of steps involved in reaching your offerings .
Having an extra click from a splash page does not align with this idea .
Most splash pages do n't have the same primary navigation as the rest of the site ; some even drastically change the design when you go from the splash page to the real site .
This is confusing to users who respond best to navigation that is persistent .
Splash pages also enforce the idea that they are visiting two separate sites .
Following up yesterday 's article , How to Convince a Client their Site Does n't Need Music , I decided to write a similar one about splash pages .
Splash pages are the pages that the user sees before they actually get to a website ; typically , they 're flash and offer some kind of introductory animation .
The user clicks " Skip Intro " or " Enter Site " and from there is taken to the site .
Splash pages can also exist between pages on the same site .
Clients love to request them and these are the arguments I use to shoot them down : Search engines look at the text on a page to determine what the page is all about .
If your page is entirely in flash or some other kind of multimedia , chances are the search engines wo n't be able to spider any text on it .
This will result in both you not ranking for the terms you want and the spidered page having a description next to it in the search results that says something like " Click to Enter .
"
If your splash page is done entirely in flash or with some other kind of multimedia plugin , the search engines might be unable to spider your content and your content will be absent from the search results .
I found a great quote on MarketingSherpa from Jared Spool of User InterfaceEngineering at Macromedia .
When asked , " Flash intros , good or bad ? " , this was his response : Pretty much everyone I 've spoken to on the subject of splash pages always admits to immediately clicking " skip intro " before watching the animation they 're presented with .
Newfangled did some digging into their access logs and had this to say about their findings : Dialup users are basically screwed (! ) , especially if the skip button is n't readily available .
By visiting your site they 've already agreed to enter , why do they have to do it again ?
It 'd be like opening the door to a store only to find another door that says , " haha , just kidding .
Open this door to enter for reals this time .
" Most of the time the splash page can be trimmed down and worked into the homepage of the site .
This is an effective compromise with the client because they get to keep whatever idea they were trying to promote but are n't necessarily forcing it on the user .
It also wraps the content from the splash page in a uniform navigation ( which is good usability ) .
A great example of this is Adobe 's website .
There 's no such thing as ' Web design ' ><
New year , new look , 2007 predictions Digg and the Mob Mentality 31 December , 2006 — Stuart Brown
Or , what to expect from people if you get Dugg Posted in Social Media , Analysis
Tagged with : digg , mob , mentality I was reading this entry on Ryan Tomayko 's weblog , and I was reminded of numerous examples of ' Digg mobbing ' that I 've seen before .
Essentially , a blog entry or page gets posted without the owners knowledge or consent , and before they know it they 're flooded with hundreds of emails and comments on Digg disparaging their site , viewpoints , and making a variety of personal attacks .
Somehow , the thousands of people sent towards your site simultaneously are worse than the sum of their parts - their opinions , views etc can bounce off each other in the Digg comments , and if negative comments gain momentum , you can expect some bilious and visceral responses indeed .
I 've never incurred the total wrath of Digg before - I try to keep things civil , if nothing else - but for every story I 've seen hit the front page , there 's been a selection of negative comments ( some valid , some written by idiots and trolls ) .
I try not to read the comments , most of the time - but it 's like driving past a car accident .
Sometimes it 's hard to look away , and I 'll find myself reading them anyway .
It 's an interesting experience , to say the least , but it's also a great place to look to get some honest ( if slightly sensational and personally biased ) feedback .
Almost as quickly as they come , though , the Diggers will move onto the next story , then the next .
Like a horde of rampaging buffalo , they trample on delicate opinion , weak hosting and bring them down with little mercy .
I should know ; I 've seen them come many times - so how does one prepare for the horde ?
Keep an eye on Digg submissions
It 's possible to search by URL via Digg 's advanced options .
It 's also possible to subscribe to an RSS feed for the search .
Combine the two and you can get notification of whenever somebody submits something of yours to Digg - allowing you to brace for impact .
Make sure your hosting is up to scratch
Digg takes a toll on all but the hardiest of hosting packages .
Peak traffic from Digg can send anything up to 10,000 visitors an hour to your site - nearly 200 per minute , with spikes twice that at certain periods , so if your hosting starts to brownout on days when you hit 100 visitors / hour , then you might consider optimising or upgrading .
Bandwidth is another concern - if you 're hosting images ( or worse still , videos ) then the cost to you could be significant .
Modern Life is a text based site , relatively lightweight , but a couple of Diggs per month will still got me through around 30 Gb of data transfer in December .
Thankfully I 'm on an uncapped bandwidth plan , but bandwidth costs are certainly something to consider otherwise .
Do n't read the comments !
Simply put , if you 're of a nervous disposition , do n't read the comments on Digg .
If you are foolish enough to read them , do so with thick skin and do n't be tempted to respond to any negative comments - remember there are more of them than there are of you !
The best thing to do , perhaps , is to give it a couple of days , let everything simmer down - then read the comments , garner some useful feedback , and see what useful tips or information you can pick out from the wreckage .
Disable comment posting on your blog
I 'm not a big fan of managing blog comments - I 've got better things to do than sift through hundreds of ads for pharmaceuticals - so there are no comments here .
In the case of being Dugg , this is very likely a good thing .
Allow an opinionated soul to express disgust on your site , and before you know it there will be a hundred comments of a similar hot - bloodedness .
I do love to gain feedback from my readers , so I have an email address posted at the bottom of every page - but my email client can deal with the spam and my delete key will deal with any verbal assaults .
Not that I 've had anything of the sort , mind you - entering into private discussion is a whole different ball game to posting a public ( and anonymous ) comment .
Summary
I hear the primary strength of Digg being referred to as its ' community ' .
It 's certainly like no community I 've ever known .
It 's a rampaging mob , hungry for blood and willing to lynch anything and anybody that opposes the common dogma .
I still like it though , if only for the puerile drama and interesting links .
プログラミングと検索エンジンは切っても切れない
プログラミングと検索エンジンの関係は切っても切り離せないものです。プログラミングに役立つドキュメントやノウハウを探したり、参考になるサンプルプログラムを見つけ出せます。
さらにバグの回避方法を見つけたり、エラーメッセージを検索エンジンで探して、解決方法が見つかることも多いでしょう。良質のソースコードから、的確なアルゴリズムや、思いもしなかったようなコード例を見いだすのも新たな楽しみです。
さて、ここではプログラミングの際に便利に利用できるソースコード専用の検索エンジンをいくつか紹介しましょう。ソースコード専用の検索エンジンを利用した検索には以下のような利点が考えられます。
ソースコード専用の検索エンジンを利用した検索の「利点 」 雑多な情報の中から、 サンプルコード のみを的確に見つけ出すことができ る
API や 関数 、 フレームワーク の 使い方の凡例 を知ることができ る
一般的に説明の少ない マイナーな関数・メソッドの利用法 を知ることができ る
バグ の例、 脆弱なコード の例を探すことができ る
バグに対する的確な対処例 を知ることができ る
書籍の公式サポートサイトのサンプルコードを見つけることができる
一方、便利なばかりではありません。注意点としては、以下の項目が挙げられます。
ソースコード専用の検索エンジンを利用した検索の「注意点 」 ソースコードの ライセンス を配慮する。 再利用、改変の際には特に注意 する
必ずしもバグのない、正しい例とは限らない ことを認識する
コメント文 が不十分だったり、なかったりする場合もある
目的のコードを見つけ出すコツを身に付ける必要がある
ソースコードを理解するうえでは、単独のソースコードを読み取ることも大切ですが、ソース全体のディレクトリ構造を読み、ファイル構成を読み取ることも大切です。より大きな範囲を読み取ることによって、コード設計の思想や、デザインパターンなどの活用方法をも知ることができます。
以下、数多くのソースコード専用検索エンジンを紹介しますので、目的や用途に合わせて、自分に合ったサイトと利用方法を見つけ出してください。
Google Code Search
Google Code Search使用例 （クリックすると画像が拡大します）
Google Code SearchはGoogleが提供するソースコード専用の検索エンジン。キーワードの指定に正規表現が使える。また、単独のソースコードだけではなく圧縮されたファイルの中からもソースコードを抽出できるのが特徴。また、ライセンスを選択して検索できる。大文字小文字を分解して検索したり、大文字小文字を判別する・しないの指定が可能。さらに、パッケージ名やファイル名を指定し、検索範囲とすることもできる。Google Code Searchが対応していない言語でも、ファイルの拡張子で絞り込むという裏技も使える。
Koders
登録されている（検索対象となっている）ソースコードが膨大な検索エンジンで、言語別、ライセンス別に検索対照を絞ることができる。また、Eclipse、VidualStudio専用のプラグイン、Firefox用のプラグインや、ホームページに埋め込み可能な部品、企業内で利用できるエンタープライズバージョンも提供されている。
CodeFetch
検索対象となる言語が多い検索エンジン。プログラミング関連書籍の中のコードも検索対象となっている。
krugle
ソースコード、プログラミングに関する情報、関連するオープンソースプロジェクトを探し出せるサイト。Ajaxを活用したユーザーインターフェイスが小気味よく動作する。
byteMyCode
現在は主に、ソースコード共有サイト「 byteMyCode 2.0」として進化している。有用なソースに投票することによって、ランキングが上下する。
Codase - Source Code Search Engine
Java、C／C++専用。多彩な検索オプションが利用できる。プログラミング言語ごとに検索できるとともに、Linux、Windowsといった
OS を限定してソースコード検索が可能。
Java Examples - JExamples.com
Javaの利用例検索。メソッドの使い方を検索する。Apache Jakarta projectなど、メジャーなソースコードを中心に探し出せるのが特徴。
DocJar ：Search Open Source Java API
JavaDoc専用検索エンジン。クラス名検索を得意とする。Eclipse用プラグインもあり。NoClassDefFoundError対処用に各種jarファイルの在りかを知ることができる。
編集部注 ：Kodersについてさらに詳しく知りたい読者は、連載CoolなEclipseプラグインの第6回「サンプルコードの入手をサポートするプラグイン」の［DocJarプラグイン］をご参照ください
Prospector Demo
Javaの利用例検索サイト。あるオブジェクトから別のオブジェクトを生成するためのコード例を検索できる。Eclipseから直接利用できるプラグインも提供されている。
KickJava.com
Java API 用の検索エンジン。クラスの継承の状態、関連するクラスやメソッドなど周辺情報を知ることができる。JavaDocの情報をABC順にブラウズすることもできる。利用しようとしているAPIがメジャーなプログラム内では、どのように使われているのかを知るには重宝するサイトである。
jarhoo
クラス名やインターフェイス名をキーワードに検索すると、そのクラスがどのjarファイルに含まれるか検索できる。サーバサイドのエラーログなどで出現したクラス名から、どのjarパッケージがエラーを起こしているのかを的確に知ることができる。
All The Code - Source Code Search Engine
Java専用のソースコード検索エンジン。あいまいなキーワードからも検索が可能。ライブラリやフレームワークを開発する際の指針として使えるだろう。
Code Search - O’Reilly Labs
O'Reilly出版本の中のサンプルコード限定で検索できる。書籍を読みながら活用できるサイト。
より良いソースコードを書くために
ソースコードの検索というソリューションは（プログラミング言語ではなく）言語の壁を越えて活用できます。また、世界中のソースコードを情報として活用するとともに、社内リソースや学内リソースを効果的に利用することにも使えます。ソースコードの再利用を促進するとともに、熟練プログラマーの技を知ることもできます。
ソースコード検索には、コツやカンといったことも大切になります。API、関数の名前が分かっているなら、その名前をそのままキーワードとして検索しましょう。また、関連分野でよく使われる単語・用語を検索してみるのも効果的です。
検索すると見つか るToDo、fixmeや 「取りあえず」などのコメントを笑い飛ばしながら、より良いソースコードを書くための技を身に付けていきましょう！
次回以降は 、Javaプログラマーが聞いて役立つポッドキャスト番組を取り上げたり、開発の際に活用できる便利なツールを紹介していく予定です。
■＠IT関連記事
■関連書 籍
DR . FRAN E. COOK - BOLDEN , a dermatologist in Manhattan , is an advocate of skin -care minimalism .
When a patient recently arrived for an appointment toting 20 different products she was using regularly — including an eye cream , a vitamin C cream , a wrinkle serum , a pigmentation cream , a mask , a peel , a scrub and “ some sort of special oxygen detoxifying cream ” — Dr. Cook - Bolden said she confiscated all but three .
“ It gave me a headache just to look at all of those products , ” Dr. Cook - Bolden said .
“ Just two products , a gentle cleanser and a good sunscreen , are enough daily skin care for most people , and you can buy those at a drugstore or a grocery store . ”
Dr. Cook - Bolden is part of a back - to - basics movement among dermatologists .
At a time when beauty companies are introducing an increasing number of products marketed for specific body parts — including necks , creases around the mouth and eyelids — or for apocryphal maladies like visible pores or cellulite , these doctors are putting their patients on cosmetics restriction diets .
They are prescribing simplified skin - care routines requiring at most three steps : soap ; sunscreen every day , no matter the weather or the season ; and , if necessary , a product tailored to specific skin needs , whether a cream for pimples or pigmented spots , or a vitamin - enriched moisturizer for aging skin .
Each product , they say , can be bought at drugstores for $ 30 or less .
Olbermann commentary takes Condi to history school David Edwards
Published : Tuesday February 27 , 2007 Print This Email
This MSNBC's Keith Olbermann has delivered one of his " special comments " on remarks that Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice made during an interview on Fox News Sunday , where she compared Saddam Hussein to Adolf Hitler .
" On the Sunday morning interview show ' Of Broken Record ' on Fox , Dr. Rice spoke a paragraph , which if it had been included in a remedial history paper at the weakest high school in the nation would 've gotten the writer an " F "  maybe an expulsion , " Olbermann said .
" If Congress were now to revise the Iraq authorization , she said , out loud , with an adult present : " it would be like saying that after Adolf Hitler was overthrown , we needed to change , then , the resolution that allowed the United States to do that , so that we could deal with creating a stable environment in Europe after he was overthrown . "
Olbermann added , " The secretary 's résumé reads that she has a masters degree and a Ph.D in political science .
The interviewer should have demanded to see them , on the spot .
Dr. Rice spoke 42 words .
She may have made more mistakes in them than did the president in his State of the Union Address in 2003 . "
" There is , obviously , no mistaking Saddam Hussein for a human being ; but nor is there any mistaking him for Adolf Hitler , " Olbermann continued .
" Invoking the German dictator who subjugated Europe ; who tried to exterminate the Jews ; who sought to overtake the world is not just in the poorest of taste , but in its hyperbole , it insults not merely the victims of the Third Reich , but those in this country who fought it and defeated it . "
Olbermann argues that " you ca n't cherry - pick life  whether life in 2007 , or life in the history page marked 1945 , " and that Rice should at least learn to use " the Google . "
Clip of Olbermann 's special comment :
qmail の RFC 違反
違反してるからといって、それを糾弾するつもりも、使うなというつもりもないし、qmail 以外の MTA がまったく違反をしていないというつもりもない。ただ、他の
MTA と比べてわりと目につきやすいところでやってるので、とりあえず気がついたところをメモしてみたもの。さらに、Qmail bugs and wishlist .
というページの情報も加えてある。読めばわかるが、qmail-pop3d がかなり悲惨。
あんまり詳しく調査しているわけではないので鵜呑みにはしないように。間違いや追加情報があれば教えてください。
qmail - send : ダブルバウンスの envelope sender が不 正
詳細は別ページ。ダブルバウンスの転送先が Postfix （2.1 以降）や Sendmail X だと実害発生。
qmail - send : VERP のローカルパートの長さ超 過
MAIL FROM : pre-@host-@ [ ]
、RCPT TO : recip@domain でメールが送られると、qmail - send が MAIL FROM : pre-recip=domain@host、RCPT
TO : recip@domain とエンベロープを書き換えて送信する。これが VERP 。
RFC2821 # 4.5.3.1 にはメールアドレスのローカルパートは64文字までという規定がある。受信者の recip が64文字以下であっても、@domain 込みのメールアドレス全体で64文字以上になる場合、VERP
で書き換えられた後のローカルパート pre-recip=domain は64文字以上になる。よって RFC 違反。VERP は postfix でもサポートされている 。
qmail - remote : 8BITMIME
SMTP では 8 bit な文字を送ることはできない。そのような場合は
ESMTP の 8BITMIME 拡張を使わなければならない。しかし、qmail - remote は 8BITMIME ではなく素の SMTP でこれを送ってしまう。というか、そもそも ESMTP を知らない 。
qmail - smtpd の方は 8BITMIME をサポートしている。そのため、qmail 以外の ESMTP を喋れる MTA が 8 bit な文字を含んだメールを qmail に対して送るとき は 8BITMIME を使って違反なく送れる。しかし、そのメールを他のホストに中継しようとするとき
8BITMIME を使わず送ってしまう。たいていの MTA は寛容に受けとってくれるが、ものによってはメッセージの 8 bit 目を落とされたりエラーにされたりするかもしれない。
また、これは違反ではないが ESMTP 関連だと、qmail - remote が ESMTP SIZE 拡張が使えないために、長大なメールを送ってからサイズ超過でエラーにされることがある。エラーにされるにしても、SIZE が使えれば DATA で送る前に MAIL FROM の段階で検出できるのに、それができないのでネットワークの無駄となる。qmail -smtpd も SIZE はサポートしていないので、databytes を越えたメールをエラーにするときも MAIL FROM の段階では不可能で、いったんすべて受信しなければならない。やっぱりネットワークの浪費。
qmail - remote : バックアップ MX に配送しな い
メールの配送先サーバは必ずしもひとつとはかぎらない。MX を複数設定したり、単にラウンドロビンだったりして、配送先の候補がいくつもあることが多い。もちろん、その候補をどんな順番で配送試行するのかは
RFC2821 # 5 に規定があるのだが、qmail はその最初のひとつしか試さない。もっとも高い優先度のホストからエラー応答が返ってきたならば、次の優先度のホストに配送しなければならないのだが、それをしないで時間をおいて同じホストに再送しようとする。
SMTP でエラー応答が返るのではなく 、TCP RST で SMTP 接続自体を蹴られたり、タイムアウトで接続できなかった場合には、正しく優先度次点のホストに配送するが、TCP FIN が返ってきて接続失敗した場合には、やはり同じホストに再送してしまうようだ。
わりと致命的なので、パッチを当てておいた方がいいかもしれない。ただし、このパッチでも
TCP FIN の問題はそのままのように見える（未確認）。
qmail - pop3d : LIST / STAT で返されるメールのサイズが不 正
SMTP や POP3 では改行を CR+LF の2バイトであらわすが、qmail - smtpd はメールを受けとるときにこれを LF の1バイトに変換し、qmail-local はそのままメールボックスに書き込む。qmail-pop3d はこの変換で出た差を考慮せずファイルサイズをそのまま
LIST / STAT
の応答で返してしまう。つまり、LIST / STAT で返るバイト数が RFC の規定よりも行数と同じバイト数だけ小さくなる 。
一部メーラーにあ るXXバイト以上のメールをダウンロードしない、などの機能は LIST の応答を利用するが、qmail - pop3d のこの仕様のため、無視されるべきメールも対象になってしまう。
qmail - pop3d : よけいな空行が付加される
末尾に本来存在していない空行を挿入してメッセージを破壊する。これは仕様である。
TOP ではメッセージ先頭から指定した行数を取得できるが、この仕様のため、たとえば10行要求した場合でも応答は11行になる。しかもその11行目は本来のメッセージの11行目とは異なっている。
もちろん、RETR でメッセージ全体を取得したときにも末尾に空行が付加される。末尾ならそれほど問題がないように思えるかもしれないが、RFC2046 # 5.2.2 の message/partial、いわゆる分割メールを結合したときに、メッセージの途中、分割されていた境界部分に qmail -pop3d に付加された空行が残ってしまう。添付ファイルのデコードや電子署名されていたメールの正当性の検証に問題が出る可能性がある。
というか 、TOP と RETR の区別がまったくないんですが。行数指定なしで
TOP すると RETR と同じ動作するし、行数指定して RETR すると TOP になる。 - ERR にするべきだろ、これ 。
qmail - pop3d : LAST の応答がデタラ メ
まずはじめに指摘しておくと 、POP3 のプロトコルを定めているのは現在 RFC1939 であるが、これに至るまで、RFC1081 → 1225 → 1460 → 1725 → 1939 と何度も改訂が繰り返されている。LAST
なるコマンドが存在していたのは、このうち
RFC1460 までであり、RFC1725 ( 1994/11 ) 以降は POP3 というプロトコルから LAST は削除されている。しかし、多くの POP3 サーバは過去からの互換性を考慮して LAST を実装している。qmail - pop3d もそのひとつである 。
LAST とはメールボックス中のメッセージのうち、最後にアクセスしたメッセージの番号を返す、すなわち既読ポインタを返すコマンドである。LAST のない現在の POP3 は UIDL を使ってクライアント側で未読管理をすることになっているが（ただし、UIDL はオプショナル） 、RFC1460 の POP3 では LAST を使うことでサーバ側で未読管理をすることができていた。
たとえば 、RETR 5 として、メールボックス中の5通目を取得した後で
LAST コマンドを送ると、本来は +OK 5 のように、最後にアクセスしたメッセージの番号が返される。しかし、qmail -pop3d は常に 0、つまり1通目から未読メッセージ、という応答を返す。1通目を削除
( DELE 1 ) すると、以降 は
+OK 1、つまり2通目から未読という応答を返すようになっているが、肝心の
RETR では LAST の応答は変わらないし、ログアウトすると
0 にリセットされてしまうので、既読管理という用途には使えない。未読メールを読み出すのに
LAST コマンドを使うクライアントの場合、qmail - pop3d が毎回リセットしてしまうので、一度読んだメールを毎回取得することになってしまう。
今どきのクライアントでは LAST を使う方がおかしいのだが、だからといってそれに対してムチャクチャな応答を返していいわけではない。古いプロトコルとの互換性があるように見えて、実際の動作は互換とはほど遠い。こんなデタラメをするくらいならばサポートしない方がマシである。
qmail - pop3d : DELE の後の STAT でおかしな値を返 す
RFC 違反というより、明らかなバグ。実例。
STAT +OK 3 8984 DELE 1 +OK STAT +OK 3 6692
3通8984バイトのメールから1通削除したら、サイズは削除した分だけ減ってるのにメッセージ総数は変わっていない。
改行コードについ て
SMTP / POP3 の改行コードは CR+LF と規定されているが、qmail は内部的には LF を使っている。そのため、随所でそれぞれの変換をおこなっている。が、その変換に中途半端なところがあるので
RFC に違反したり、違反ではなくてもよろしくない現象が起きたりする。
qmail - smtpd CR+LF を LF に変換する。単独の LF は一時エラーにする。 qmail - inject 改行コードの変換はしない。ただし、ヘッダの追加、書き換えのあった行については
LF になる。 qmail - local 改行コードの変換はしない。 qmail - remote LF を CR+LF に変換する。すでに CR+LF だった場合は CR+CR+LF になる。 qmail - pop3d RETR / TOP に対しては LF を CR+LF に変換して返す 。LIST / STAT には変換前のサイズを返 す( 上述 ) 。
たとえば、あらかじめ改行が CR+LF にして用意しておいたメッセージを qmail - inject に食わせると、改行コードが CR+CR+LF
になって外部に送られるし、ローカルに送るとひとつのメッセージに
CR+LF と LF が混在してしまう。なんでわざわざこんなことしてるのかさっぱり理由がわからん。
なお、ローカルのメールボックスの形式については
RFC の規定はないので、内部的にはどんな形式で処理しようが任意。ただし、それを別のプログラムとやりとりするときには
RFC2821( SMTP ) / RFC1939 ( POP3 ) / RFC2822 ( Internet Message Format ) に準拠した形式に変換しないとダメ。もっとも、RFC
じゃなくても、これこれこういう仕様です、と定めておいて、それにアクセスするプログラムがすべてそれに従うようになっていれば、必ずしも
RFC に準拠する必要はない。要は、独自仕様だろうが RFC だろうが、従うべき仕様をきっちり遵守していればいい。
maildir ( 5 ) のドキュメントを読む と
RFC822 の形式で保存するとあるが、上述のように実際には改行は
LF であり 、RFC822 で定められた CR+LF
ではない。仕様( ドキュメント ) と実装が一致していない 。Maildir を最初に採用した qmail が LF なので 、postfix や procmail や maildrop などの後追い実装はすべて、互換性を取るため CR+LF ではなく LF で保存するようになっている 。
< y@maya.st >
SAN FRANCISCO / Mayor tells
Muni to investigate eliminating fares / Newsom says he expects report in about a month
San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom has asked transit officials to study eliminating fares on city buses , streetcars and cable cars -- a plan that if enacted would be the largest such experiment in the nation .
" If it could happen anywhere , it could happen in San Francisco , " said Newsom , who said free transit could lure people out of their cars and cut traffic .
No major transit agency in America has a systemwide free - fare policy .
But more than a dozen cities -- including Seattle , Portland and Salt Lake City -- offer free rides in their downtown business corridors .
The small East Bay city of Emeryville provides free bus shuttle service around town and to and from an Oakland BART station .
Newsom , who is up for re-election this year , said he has discussed such a program with Muni officials for months .
He told The Chronicle that free rides may not be a big financial stretch after considering the costs of collecting fares , including enforcement and maintenance of fare boxes .
Newsom said the Municipal Transportation Agency 's financial team is still crunching the numbers and should conclude its report within a month or so .
Agency officials plan to collect a projected $ 138 million in transit fares during the new fiscal year that starts July 1 .
That accounts for just 22 percent of the annual Municipal Railway budget -- below the national average of 34.2 percent .
City officials suspect fare cheats are partly to blame for the low collection rate , and Muni plans to hire more fare inspectors .
If the idea does go forward , Newsom said it likely would start out as a pilot project , perhaps on certain lines or on certain days .
" When you add everything up , this idea certainly deserves consideration , " Newsom said .
The possibility of free transit was broached during the last mayoral election by Newsom 's chief opponent , then - Supervisor Matt Gonzalez .
The reaction Tuesday from Muni was noncommittal .
The agency is " aggressively reviewing all options " to address system 's financial viability and " nothing is off the table , " said agency spokeswoman Maggie Lynch .
Muni , which has about 700,000 boardings a day , charges $ 1.50 for a regular adult fare and $ 45 for a standard monthly Fast Pass , and offers discounts for seniors , children and the disabled .
Newsom said the costs to purchase and maintain fares boxes , to count the money and to pay a crew to catch fare cheats are major expenses that could be eliminated if people could ride for free .
Muni officials are studying how much money , if any , could be saved under a free - fare system .
But such a policy would increase the number of riders , which in turn could put increase the system 's expenses .
Probably , more buses , streetcars , drivers , guards and maintenance workers would be needed .
" All of these issues are being analyzed , " Newsom said .
Last year , when the Bay Area 's public transit agencies offered free rides during Spare the Air Days , the number of riders spiked .
Some regular commuters grumbled -- particularly those who take BART and the ferries -- about overcrowding and rowdy , joy - riding teens .
Crime reports on BART went up .
Margaret Cliver , a 50 - year - old Mission District resident who commutes by bus , fears the same problems on Muni .
" Gavin Newsom must have taken a leave of his senses to even consider this .
Muni is already overloaded with stinky crazies , loud - mouth - behaved louts and other zoological forms of low life .
The day it becomes entirely free , it will become a dumpster on wheels , and I , along with the rest of those who currently attempt to use the system , will give up on it entirely , " Cliver said .
But Larry Foard , another Muni regular , supports the idea .
" Passengers get to their destination faster , " said the 40 - year - old Castro resident .
" How many human lifetimes are wasted every year while Muni collects fares ? "
Newsom 's comments quickly reverberated at Tuesday 's Board of Supervisors meeting , affecting a vote .
Initially , supervisors narrowly defeated on a 6 - 5 vote a nonbinding resolution urging the Municipal Transportation Agency to offer a discounted $ 30 fast pass for riders age 18 to 21 .
Board of Supervisors President Aaron Peskin interrupted the meeting to call for a rescinding of the vote on the resolution , citing an online Chronicle story on Newsom 's free Muni idea .
Peskin switched his vote for the resolution , saying it was a step in the right direction toward a free transit system .
Other supervisors expressed their concern about free Muni service .
" Supe Peskin , I would just suggest that you stay strong with your initial beliefs when you came in here and not allow yourself to fall victim to what appears on just the surface to be a bit of an election - year gimmick , " Supervisor Sean Elsbernd said .
" Let it alone , and just vote no on this . "
Peskin was not swayed and ultimately provided the key vote to pass the resolution .
Newsom said his re-election bid did not influence his decision to ask Muni to explore the idea .
Introduction
Lately I 've been fooling around with Lisps .
I 've done some work on Linux in SBCL , an open source Common Lisp implementation that seems like a good , solid piece of code .
But I 've spent most of my time writing code in L# , an interpreted Lisp dialect for the .
Net CLR .
Lots of people are familiar with Common Lisp , but not all that many people seem to be familiar with L# yet , so I thought I would share my first impressions .
Like apparently everyone else who has started learning Lisp in the last five years , I got interested by reading Paul Graham .
In particular , I did n't like the idea of programming in Blub without knowing more about some of the available alternatives .
So I 've read Peter Seibel 's Practical Common Lisp and I 've started reading Paul Graham 's On Lisp , and trying to learn how Lisp works .
Of course , if you keep reading Paul Graham , you also notice that he does n't exactly endorse Common Lisp .
He 's been working on a newer , sexier Lisp called Arc , which of course you can't use yet .
In particular , he argues the importance of having powerful , modern libraries .
It was somewhere around then that I ran across L#. L# was designed by Rob Blackwell with a lot of Graham 's published ideas for Arc in mind .
To me , at least , the language looks a little cleaner .
In addition , it 's designed to run on top of .
Net , which means that even in its early stages , it comes with complete with a massive set of libraries for everything from XML to database access to user interfaces .
When you add in the fact that I 'm employed as a C# developer , so I already know those libraries pretty well , L# seemed like a no brainer to try out .
So naturally , I did .
There 's a lot to like about L #
If you 're still with me at all , you 're probably ready for me to move past the preamble and actually talk about L# .
So here we go .
The single best thing about L# is exactly what you would expect : it combines a Lispy ( and very clean ) syntax with the massive library support of .
Net .
Want to do regular expressions ?
There 's a .
Net library that does all the heavy lifting .
Hate all the gratuitous verbosity you get in .
Net ?
Write a 5 - line wrapper function and go to town .
Here 's a really simple but real - life example : if L# comes with a concatenation operator , I have n't found it yet .
I was doing a whole lot of string concatenation operations , and wanted an easy way to do it .
In C# there are two basic ways to do string concatenation .
The expensive way with clean syntax is to do :
mystring = foo + bar + baz + "
" ;
which instantiates a new string for each concatenation operation .
Meanwhile the efficent way with heinous syntax is to use a StringBuilder , which has a buffer so you do n't have to reallocate space every time :
StringBuilder sb = new StringBuilder ( ) ; sb. Append ( foo ) ; sb. Append ( bar ) ; sb. Append ( baz ) ; sb. Append ( "
" ) ; mystring = sb. ToString ( ) ;
You could encapsulate a function for doing this , of course , and end up with something like :
string [ ] myarray = { foo , bar , baz , "
" } ; string mystring = MyStringLibrary.Concatenate ( myarray ) ;
That 's a little better , but it 's still kind of an eyesore .
You can't declare the array inline as an argument to the function , and you have to carry around a class to hold the function name .
It wo n't surprise anyone familiar with Lisp , but L# makes it easy to make it easy .
Here 's my simple function to concatenate a list .
I expect a Lisp guru could do something cooler , but I 'm nowhere near a Lisp guru yet :
(= concat ( fn ( &rest members ) ( let sb ( new system.text.stringbuilder ) ( foreach elem members ( call append sb elem ) ) ( tostring sb ) ) ) )
This yields a nice clean syntax for string concatenation , with all the advantages of the efficient , ugly way in C# , and a syntax as simple as adding strings together :
( concat foo bar baz "
" )
Actually , I seem to be using string concatenation enough that I think I 'm going to rename the function ct , which should make things even more terse .
So anyway , that 's just the simplest , scratch - the - surface example .
Once you get into macros and things like that , I 'm pretty sure that the differences will be even more dramatic .
L# shows enormous potential as a glue language for .
Net applications : scripting , configuration , things like that .
For scripting tasks , you can easily write simple , terse scripts that work with the code you 've already built .
I feel a little silly recommending a variant of possibly the most powerful programming languages ever devised as a way of scripting something written in C# , but it 's a good way to get a foot in the door and add L# to your toolchain .
Steve Yegge has made a pretty compelling case for Lisp as a replacement for XML in things like config files and logs .
I do n't have much to add to that , but if you 've ever gotten tired of messing around with XSLT transforms , L# offers an easy way to abandon them forever .
So utility programming in L# is pretty cool , but can you do more than that ?
Can you write real apps ?
I do n't know yet .
But I plan to find out .
A language that 's really powerful , but still fundamentally easy and fun to work with is worth experimenting with to find out how far you can take it .
I 'm sure I wo n't be able to rip out years of production code and replace them all with L# -- really , I would n't want to , even if I could .
But there 's no reason not to look at it for new projects and interoperation .
Currently , there 's a few missing pieces for seamless interoperation with other .
Net languages ( mainly , L# does n't compile into callable assemblies yet ) , but there 's nothing standing in the way of getting those problems solved except time and effort .
L# Tools
The current tools for developing in L# are n't everything you could want , but they 're not bad .
First off , you can use Visual Studio , but there are no direct integration tools yet .
Even without syntax highlighting , etc. , this is still a pretty good solution .
The main reason it works pretty well , is that it gives you the ability to debug your code .
Well , sort of .
Actually , what you can do is load the C# source code for the LSharp interpreter into Visual Studio and debug the interpreter .
You set breakpoints in places like Eval ( ) and Call ( ) and follow your code as it evaluates .
This took a little adjusting to , but it actually works pretty well .
You can drill down and see exactly what it 's evaluating and how it 's failing .
Did you forget to quote something and send an unquoted symbol by mistake ?
It 's all right there in the interpreter -- you can see what it 's doing with your code .
Outside the debugger , the main advantage of using Visual Studio is that if you 're integrating it with C# in the same solution , you can manage all the files in the same place .
But really , to Visual Studio your L# files are just opaque text files .
Another tool I 've worked with is TextPad , which is a feature - rich text editor for Windows that I use anyway .
There 's a syntax file for L# for TextPad , so it gives you syntax highlighting and parentheses matching ( with ctrl - M ) .
I often edit L# files in TextPad at the same time that I have the project open in Visual Studio , and Visual Studio has a handy reload dialog that pops up when files have changed .
There are other tools for working in C# , but I have n't had a chance to put them through their paces yet .
xacc.ide is an integrated development environment being built that not only has support for L# syntax , it apparently uses L# as a scripting language .
That certainly implies that xacc.ide will be a good tool for L# development .
Finally , emacs support for L# has been developed , so if you 're comfortable working in emacs , that may be just the ticket .
Conclusion
Of course , not everything in L# is ideal .
I 've run across some annoyances as I 've been working in L# , as you would imagine for a young language .
Nothing that is a showstopper , but a few things I wish worked a little better .
The main thing , though , is that I have n't run into anything that has made me even want to consider abandoning L# for another language .
I 'm hopeful that at least most of the annoyances can simply be fixed , so I 'm going to write a followup post that goes into these in more detail , along with some ideas about what to do about them .
This post is long enough as it is .
In the meantime , I hope this helps people know more about what to expect with L# , and I hope that people will go ahead and try it out .
It 's a solid language , and it potentially adds a whole new dimension to .
Net projects .
Tags : .
Net , L# , LSharp , Lisp , C #
Outsourcing choice Matt 72 comments Latest by Des Traynor
Leona ’s vs. The Hummus Place
The 37signals office used to be located next to Leona ’s , an Italian restaurant .
Every time we ’d go there , we ’d crack up over the length of the menu ( PDF ) .
It ’s huuuuge : seven pages and over 2,500 words .
The beast should come with an executive summary .
Here ’s just one sample spread :
On the other hand , here ’s the menu at The Hummus Place in NYC .
Three options and that ’s it .
Sure , you do n’t get a vast array of wraps , sides , and pastas .
But you do n’t have to spend a century reading the thing either .
Less choice = less suffering
The problem with the Leona ’s approach is choice has a cost .
It ’s one of the reasons why we always talk about less here : Endless options can actually produce genuine suffering .
“ The Paradox of Choice ” ( good summary at the New Yorker ) talks about how options can actually be “ de- motivating . ”
Offering shoppers samples of six items yields more sales than offering samples of 24 , students who are offered six extra credit topics are more likely to write a paper than students who are offered 30 , etc .
In some cases , just one additional choice can produce outright analysis paralysis .
People wind up frozen by indecision .
Interface choices
This concept applies to interfaces too .
Here ’s one way to do an event form :
( Click for full size )
Here ’s a “ less ” way ( from the calendar coming soon to Backpack ) :
Chris Wallace of Fox News who having no hope of ever having even half the honor of his father decides to use an interview with The Big Dog that was supposed to be about Clinton ’s Global Initiative to attack him about the hunt for Bin Laden during his presidency , Friday Fight Club : Bill Clinton vs. Chris Wallace
WJC : ok , let ’s talk about it .
I will answer all of those things on the merits but I want to talk about the context of which this …arises .
I ’m being asked this on the FOX network … ABC just had a right wing conservative on the Path to 9/11 falsely claim that it was falsely based on the 911 comission report with three things asserted against me that are directly contradicted by the 9/11 commission report .
I think it ’s very interesting that all the conservative republicans who now say that I did n’t do enough , claimed that I was obsessed with Bin Laden .
All of President Bush ’s neocons claimed that I was too obessed with finding Bin Laden when they did n’t have a single meeting about Bin Laden for the nine months after I left office .
All the right wingers who now say that I did n’t do enough said that I did too much .
Same people .
The right - wing blogger Ace of Spades is under the delusion that he was serving in Congress during the Clinton administration .
Either that or he thinks his thoughts are like bright luminous rays that emit from his head and are easily read by anyone with a simple tinfoil right - wing blogger decoding device .
Clinton In Red-Faced Rage Over Suggestion He Spared Bin Ladin , September 22 , 2006 , posted by Ace at 07:38 PM
The man simply lies .
It is a breathtakingly stupid and mendacious claim that rightwingers , as he calls us , actually opposed his weak single effort to get bin Ladin .
Throughout the late nineties , I was apopleptic we were n’t doing anything at all about bin Ladin .
We wanted more action .
Not less .
( My note : I searched for a post that was written during the first nine months that Bush was president that chastised Bush for not doing enough to get Bin Laden and what do ya know I could n’t find one ) .
The pretext for this lie is that rightwingers , myself included , did in fact “ question the timing ” of his one attempt to kill bin Ladin .
It occurred , coindentally enough , during the Lewinsky furor .
On the eve of some testimony ; ca n’t remember which , and it really does n’t matter .
( A logical fallacy , submitting his cynicism as proof ) .
Conservatives did not object to this attack .
We were enraged , however , that the man refused to attack bin Ladin at all until he was motivated to action by a threat to his own political safety .
We were not angry he ’d attacked bin Ladin ; we were angry he had n’t attacked bin Ladin before ( or after , actually ; anyone remember a subsequent attack ? ) .
We were angry that the man had let bin Ladin attack us with impunity for years until he saw it as a good move politically to finally launch a poorly - timed cruise missile at bin Ladin .
He was animated to action not to save American lives , but to save his own fucking political life .
( My note : another logical fallacy ; where is the proof that President Clinton acted only for political reasons .
Even if Clinton ’s motivations were cynical does that mean that Ace would have preferred that Clinton not take action ? )
– “ rightwingers , as he calls us ” , What can you say .
Ace was down in the basement separating his red socks from his white socks and the President of the United States and the rest of America did n’t hear him when he was “ apopleptic ” .
It has never occurred to Ace that his thoughts and opinions are not instantaneously transmitted like a sonic dog whistle into the brains of every citizen and if he had a blog during the nineties that America ’s policy makes did not make a practice of reading it before making decisions that affected millions of people .
Ace must be even more “ apopleptic ” that five years after 9 - 11 with his favorite prep school frat boy at the helm and “ right - wingers ” running every branch and department of government that Bin Laden is still free .
That would as usual be one standard for Democrats and a whole other standard for conservatives .
Another day and another demonstration of the vacuum that is conservative principles .
Orrin hatch is one of right - wingers that President Clinton was referring to , GOP Congress blocked Clinton push for anti-terror legislation
Sen . Orrin Hatch , R - Utah , chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , emerged from the meeting and said , “ These are very controversial provisions that the [ Clinton ]
White House wants .
Some they ’re not going to get . ” .
President wants Senate to hurry with new anti-terrorism laws
President Clinton urged Congress Tuesday to act swiftly in developing anti-terrorism legislation before its August recess .
“ We need to keep this country together right now .
We need to focus on this terrorism issue , ” Clinton said during a White House news conference .
But while the president pushed for quick legislation , Republican lawmakers hardened their stance against some of the proposed anti-terrorism measures .
Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott , R- Mississippi , doubted that the Senate would rush to action before they recess this weekend .
The Senate needs to study all the options , he said , and trying to get it done in the next three days would be tough .
Other right - wingers , you know the ones in Congress as compared to Republican bloggers who think that the whole world waits anxiously for the next celestrial insights published on the “ internets ” , whose remarks are on the record derided President Clinton ’s efforts against terrorism ,
“ Senators Dan Coats ( R - Ind . ) and Arlen Specter ( R - Pa. ) swiftly voiced concern that Clinton might have acted to divert public attention from his personal problems related to the Monica Lewinsky sex scandal . ”
On President Clinton ’s efforts to get Iraq to comply with UN inspections right - wing conservatives did n’t support their commander - in - chief they hurled scurrilous accusations , Republicans skeptical of Iraq attack on eve of impeachment vote
( R- Mississippi ) and House Majority Leader Dick Armey ( R - Texas ) .
“ I cannot support this military action in the Persian Gulf at this time , ” Lott said in a statement .
“ Both the timing and the policy are subject to question . ”
“ The suspicion some people have about the president ’s motives in this attack is itself a powerful argument for impeachment , ”
Why are right - wing bloggers having a rabid fit over the Clinton interview .
There are a few reasons .
Six years after he has left office Bill Clinton is still the most popular president in modern history .
The Clinton years were for the most part years of peace and prosperity .
As compared to the Bush years where 9 - 11 happened on Bush ’s watch as they made going after pimps a higher priority then going after al - Queda , where they took an entire army into Afghanistan and let Bin laden get away because they outsourced the job to Pakistan and diverted resources to Iraq .
( Terroism has reached all time highs under conservative rule )
The Bush years that ate up the budget surplus that Clinton left , while Bush and his handmaidens ran up the greatest debt in our history – debt that is being floated by China .
Right - wing conservative blogger Blue Crab Boulevard , The Avoidance Of Any Responsibility , 9-22-06 writes ,
What is almost funny , in a sickening way , is that we are literally seeing the man unravel .
First the almost foaming at the mouth attacks on The Path to 9/11 and now this .
It is falling apart around him ; his legacy diminishes almost daily .
More and more people are paying attention to his failures .
He knows it , and he is melting down under the strain .
The usual modus operandi of the rabid right .
Clinton tells the truth , the fringe right ’s fragile little make believe world is threatened so lash out and call the truth teller names ; forget about all that fact gathering garbage .
Blue Crab believed everything in The Path to 9 - 11 and Little Red Riding Hood .
In Little Red Riding
Hood there was all those facts about wolf ecology and physiology , just in the same way that The Path to 9 - 11 told right - wingers everything they want so desparately to believe about Bill Clinton , Despite Last Minute Re-cut ABC / Disney ’s “ Path to 9/11 ” Still rife with Misinformation , Fabrication and Misleading Scenes
The first part of the ABC miniseries The Path to 9 - 11 , which aired on September 10 , included a fabricated scene that depicts Clinton administration officials declining to authorize the CIA to capture Al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden .
ABC retained the controversial scene despite the fact that it is contradicted by the 9 - 11 Commission report — which ABC originally cited as the film ’s basis ( although following criticism of the film ’s numerous inconsistencies with the report , network officials have since minimized that claim ) –
Of course this does n’t mean anything to the wingnuttery of the blogisphere because even though the 9 - 11 Commission was very conservative and even its finding gave the benefit of the doubt to Bush it still did not tell them what they wanted to hear so it does n’t really count .
What counts is a Hollywood movie made by a right - winger that reassured them that the myths that they have spent years creating about the Clinton presidency are safe for now – Clinton bad , Bush is a saint .
The fact is that George W. Bush was , is , and will continue to be until his last day in office a miserable inept failure .
He failed to take the most rudimentary steps that may have prevented 9 - 11 , Transcript : Bin Laden determined to strike in US
The following is a transcript of the August 6 , 2001 , presidential daily briefing entitled Bin Laden determined to strike in US .
Parts of the original document were not made public by the White House for security reasons .
Did Bush or his staff call the airlines and tell them to start reinforcing cockpit doors ?
No .
Did the Bush administration put even one extra US Marshall in rotation on flights in or out of our busiest airports ?
No .
Did Bush continue to try and have good relations with the Taliban who they knew was harboring Bin Laden after the embassy attacks ?
Yes .
update : According to this Washington Post story the Bush administration expressed a predictable disdain for the Clinton administration ’s planning in regards to Bin Laden and al - Queda in Afghanistan and talked tough , but in reality was reticent to take action – Before Sept. 11 , the Bush Anti-Terror Effort Was Mostly Ambition
If you read my blog you probably know that I am no fan of Java .
However , Java is a popular language , and because I believe that people are rational that means that it must have some advantages .
Obviously Java is not a hacker ’s language , nor is it wonderful for quick solutions , or elegant solutions for that matter .
What Java does do right is team programming , i.e. any project with three or more people working on it .
First let ’s consider Java ’s use of types , specifically the fact that they are everywhere .
Not a single argument or variable declaration or exception may have its type omitted , even when the compiler could have inferred that information from other sources .
This practice is highly cumbersome when you are programming on your own , after all you know what type of arguments your functions expect , because you wrote them , but when looking at someone else ’s code it can be salvation itself .
Sure your teammates may name their variables inscrutably , but at least knowing the type immediately gives you some hint of what they do .
The same argument can be made about Java ’s exception handling .
Yes it seems silly for the single programmer to declare exactly which exceptions can be thrown , but once again this kind of information is necessary when using someone else ’s code .
You do n’t want to examine the body of the function for throw statements , you want that information in the function declaration where you can see it , and Java gives you this .
Java ’s excessive object orientation can also be seen as feature that aids the programming team work together .
For example public and private are meaningless in a single programmer ’s project , but when working with a team they let you notify your coworkers which functions should be called , and more importantly they provide an implicit promise that you wo n’t be changing the signature of the public functions .
Object oriented programming as a whole also makes it easier to break up who is responsible for what functionality , since the notion of an object that can do certain things is fairly intuitive .
Finally , objects , used properly ( not singletons ) , allow programmers working on different parts of the project to both use your code without interfering with each other ’s state .
For example if you simply wrote a package that exported some methods then it is possible that when the code that programmer A wrote properly using your package and the code that programmer B wrote properly using your package happen to step on each other ’s toes when put together ( for example the package methods store data in some global variables ) .
On the other hand if your code was an object then A and B would each create their own instances of the object , and there would be no need to worry about shared state .
Now here is the problem : while these features might be nice for teams we want a language that is friendly to the lone coder , so can a language be easy to use in a team project without saddling us with excessive typing and object orientation ?
Unfortunately I think that no language can , which leaves us with only two options : be able to document everything in the project plan ( impossible ) , or create better IDEs .
Ideally the IDE should be able to display visually all the information that Java makes you declare explicitly .
For example if the compiler figures out types by inference the IDE should figure them out as well , and display that information where it is useful .
Yes I know this does n’t fix the need for published / public / private functions or objects , I am still thinking about those .
Feel free to chime in with your own ideas .
Correction Appended
IF you work in the camera industry , February is an exciting month .
That 's when you head down to Florida for the annual Photo Marketing Association convention , where your company will unveil its latest camera models , thus making the ones everybody got for Christmas obsolete .
But this February is more exciting than most .
Big changes are in the photographic air .
First , there 's the astonishing collapse of the film camera market .
By some tallies , 92 percent of all cameras sold are now digital .
Big - name camera companies are either exiting the film business ( Kodak , Nikon ) or exiting the camera business altogether ( Konica Minolta ) .
Film photography is rapidly becoming a special - interest niche .
Next , there 's the end of the megapixel race .
" In compact cameras , I think that the megapixel race is pretty much over , " says Chuck Westfall , director of media for Canon 's camera marketing group .
" Seven - and eight - megapixel cameras seem to be more than adequate .
We can easily go up to a 13 - by - 19 print and see very , very clear detail . "
That 's a shocker .
After 10 years of hearing how they need more , more , more megapixels , are consumers really expected to believe that eight megapixels will be the end of the line ?
About 10 months ago , I was writing a library .
As I was writing it , I started to look at the whole issue of notifying the caller of errors .
In typical fashion , I tried to optimize the error handling problem rather than just do the right thing , and just use error codes .
I did a ton of research .
Here is a current list of links and articles on the subject .
Getting Started
To get you started here are some good starting points .
They both received a lot of attention on the internet .
A colorful post by Damien Katz .
A nice opinion piece that is pro-error codes by the famous Joel of Joel on Software .
Read my original post with excellent comments by Daniel Lyons , Paul Clegg , and Neville of the North .
Nutshell
The default and standard way of handling errors since the begining is to just use error codes with some convention of noticing them .
For example , you could document the error condition with an api and then set a global variable for the actual code .
It is up to the programmer calling the function to notice the error and do the right thing .
This is the technique used by operating systems and most libraries .
Historically , these systems have never been consistent or compatable with other conventions .
The most evolved system for this would probably be the Microsoft COM system .
All functions return an HRESULT , which is essentially an error code .
The next system was the ‘ exception - handling ’ system .
In this system errors can not be ingored .
Exception handlers are declared , optionally , at a given scope .
If an exception is thrown ( ie an error has occurred ) , handlers are searched up the stack until a matching handler is found .
IMHO , the exception system is n’t used properly in 90 % of the cases .
There is a fine balance between a soft error and something exceptional .
The syntax also tends to get in the way for even the simplest of errors .
I agree that there should be errors that are not ignored , but there has to be a better way .
So , old skoolers are ‘ we use error codes , and we like them , dammit – aka , super disciplined programming , usually for real - time , embedded and smaller systems .
The new schoolers are , ‘ you have to be kidding about error - codes , use exceptions ’ – aks , yeah , we use exceptions , that is what the language gives us … and btw , no , we do n’t mind typing on our keyboards a lot
Somehow , there has to be a better way .
Maybe it will be system or application , specific .
Moving On – Old / New Ideas
If you do n’t mind it being a C++ article , here is an amazing one from Andrei Alexandrescu and Petru Marginean .
( Andrei is widely known for his great work on Policy Based design with C++ , which is excellent )
The artcle is well written and practical .
In fact , the idea was so good , the language ‘ D ’ made it part of the language .
Here is an example :
void User : : AddFriend ( User& newFriend ) { friends_.push_back(&newFriend ) ; try { pDB_-> AddFriend( GetName( ) , newFriend. GetName( ) ) ; } catch ( ... ) { friends_.pop_back ( ) ; throw ; } }
10 lines , and this is for the super - simple example .
void User : : AddFriend ( User& newFriend ) { friends_.push_back(&newFriend ) ; ScopeGuard guard = MakeObjGuard ( friends_ , & UserCont :: pop_back ) ; pDB_->AddFriend( GetName( ) , newFriend. GetName( ) ) ; guard .
Dismiss ( ) ; }
In D it would look even cleaner :
void User : : AddFriend ( User& newFriend ) { friends_.push_back(&newFriend ) ; scope ( failure ) friends_.pop_back ( ) ; pDB_->AddFriend( GetName( ) , newFriend. GetName( ) ) ; }
IMHO , I think exception handling will move more towards systems like this .
Higher level , simpler and cleaner .
Other interesting systems are the ones developed for Common Lisp , Erlang , and Smalltalk .
I ’m sure Haskell has something to say about this as well .
The Common Lisp and Smalltalk ones are similar .
Instead of forcing a mechanism like most exception handlers .
These systems give the exception ‘ catcher ’ the choice of retry ’ing or doing something different at the point of the exception .
Very powerful .
Speaking of smalltalk , here is an excellent article called Subsystem Exception Handling in Smalltalk .
I highly recommend it .
My Recomendation
If you are building a library , use error codes .
Error codes are much easier to turn into exceptions by the language wrapper that will eventually be built on top .
When programming , do n’t get trapped into think about the little picture .
A lot of these errors are just pawns in the grand scheme of assuring that you have all of your resources in place before you begin your task at hand .
If you present your code in that manner , it will be much easier to understand for all parties .
More Links
Error Codes vs. Exceptions by Damien Katz .
opinion piece that is pro-error codes by the famous Joel of Joel on Software .
Read my original post with excellent comments by Daniel Lyons , Paul Clegg , and Neville of the North .
Microsoft COM
D Language – Exception Safe Programming
Subsystem Exception Handling in Smalltalk – nice section on history as well
http://www.gigamonkeys.com/book/beyond-exception-handling-conditions-and-restarts.html
A nice long thread on comp.lang.c++.moderated
Slightly Wacky , But Neat – Exception Handling in C
Half Bakery – Exception Handling in C with Macros
C Except
GEF – A C Exception and Design By Contract framework
Exception Handling in C for Embedded Systems – setjmp/longjmp
These Russian Dolls were created back in 2003 by SoCal artist Saiman Chow for the Wurst Gallery in L.A .
The idea was that the gallery sent out a bunch of blank Matryoshka Dolls to a number of prominent artists , asking them to come up with their own design to exhibit in the gallery .
Somewhat shockingly this set is still on sale today for the princely sum of $ 300 .
An interview with the artist about the dolls :
what ’s the idea behind your dolls ?
shapes and patterns
red vines or twizzlers ?
twizzlers
what contemporary artists are you inspired by ?
my cat , that foo can jump like jackie chan
last piece of art acquired ?
my friend Robotec got me this hulk gloves for my birthday , It make this weird noise when you punch something with it .
But I think is broken .
tell the audience what movie / book / album / website / tv show / magazine you love that most people have n’t seen / read / heard ?
I ‘m a pretty main stream guy .
My choice of tv , books , magazine and movies are boring and dry .
Except sometimes I ‘ll sit at the corner of the room and count how many hairs I have on my arm .
how did you get to where you are now ?
I just try to fit in .
favorite place in your town ?
place where I can find parking .
favorite place in the world ?
place where I can find parking .
i would not be an artist if it were not for _________ ?
not knowing how to do anything else .
These one - off pieces of art ( you get 5 in all ) are available here
· Vice - president told to put out classified information ·
No instruction to out CIA agent , says president
President George Bush directed his vice - president , Dick Cheney , to take personal charge of a campaign to discredit a former ambassador who had accused the administration of twisting prewar intelligence on Iraq , it emerged yesterday .
The revelation by the National Journal , a respected weekly political magazine , that Mr Bush took a personal interest in countering damaging allegations by the former ambassador , Joe Wilson , reveals a White House that was extraordinarily sensitive to any criticism of its prewar planning .
It also returns the focus of the criminal investigation into the outing of a CIA agent to the White House only weeks after the senior aide Karl Rove was told he would not face prosecution .
The Journal said Mr Bush made the admission in a July 24 2004 interview in the Oval Office with the special prosecutor , Patrick Fitzgerald , who is leading the investigation into the outing of the CIA agent , Valerie Plame .
Ms Plame is married to Mr Wilson , who says her cover was broken in retaliation after he accused the administration of knowingly using false information on Saddam Hussein 's weapons programme .
According to the National Journal , Mr Bush told prosecutors he directed Mr Cheney to disclose classified information both to defend his administration and to discredit Mr Wilson .
Elsewhere , the magazine quotes other government officials as saying that Mr Bush was very anxious to use classified information to counter Mr Wilson 's charges , telling the vice - president : " Let 's get this out . "
However , the president told investigators that he never directed anyone to disclose Ms Plame 's identity .
He also said that he was unaware Mr Cheney had directed his chief of staff , Lewis " Scooter " Libby , to covertly leak the information , rather than formally declassify it .
Mr Libby faces prosecution for lying to investigators about his role in the outing of Ms Plame .
There was no immediate comment from the White House .
The office of the special prosecutor also declined to comment yesterday .
The revelation that Mr Bush instructed Mr Cheney to personally oversee the campaign to discredit Mr Wilson arrives at an inconvenient time for a White House vehement in criticising leaks .
Last month it condemned as " disgraceful " a report in the New York Times that agents from the CIA and treasury departments had been secretly monitoring international wire transfers without court oversight .
Want to take Linux for a spin ?
Forget partitions , dual - boot setups and live CDs : The new Ubuntu Windows installer lets you run the Linux distro while keeping the rest of your system intact .
Advertisement
In other words , it 's like a live CD without the CD .
Just run the installer , which in turn downloads a disk image of Ubuntu ( actually , your choice of four Ubuntu distros ) , and then reboot your PC .
Choose the desired boot option from the menu that appears , and presto :
You 're running Linux .
This is a working prototype , not a finished product , so user beware .
It did n't work on my Vista box ( I discovered after the fact that Vista is n't supported yet ) , but it ran like a gem on an XP system .
Great way to run Ubuntu without the hassles of partitioning or burning a live CD !
Ubuntu Windows installer prototype
But he did comment specifically on how difficult it is to program for multi-core processors and the even more complex Cell chip used in the PlayStation 3 .
He noted that it " takes about twice the effort and development cost to develop for a multi- threaded CPU " , compared to a single - core CPU .
Even more than that , according to Epic 's analysis , fully exploiting the PS3 Cell chip " required about 5 times as much cost and development time than single - core . "
He notes that the mod community was " an essential part of [ Epic's ] success " , and commented : " We would love to transfer this mod community over to the console platforms . "
Of course you 'll need a PC to create levels for the upcoming UT2007 for PS3 / PC , but Sweeney believes that everything will be in place so that modders can make new levels on the PC , " download them to the PlayStation 3 , and distribute them online . "
In fact , he was very positive on Sony 's open attitude to networked content compared to the Xbox 360 - he commented of Microsoft 's platform : " Unfortunately it 's more of a closed platform " , and even noted that Microsoft seems to be " quite negative toward user - created content " under certain circumstances Epic has encountered .
Apparently , it takes a lot more than just a bright programmer with a sunny disposition to fully exploit multi-core CPUs .
Epic's Time Sweeney chatted a bit at the CEDEC Premium event at TGS about how hard it 's been for them to take full advantage of the PS3s Cell CPU .
What will possibly make this easier is the fact that middleware that takes specific advantage of multi-core CPUs will be more readily available in the future .
Sweeney specifically mentions the Ageia 's PhysX licenses they bought which have helped but still , that 's a lot of money for developers who want to develop for the PS3 .
Sweeney does go on to give
Sony kudos for giving them the functionality that would allow PS3 gamers to create Unreal Tournament mods on their PC that they could turn around and download to and distribute from their PS3 console .
That you cannot do current through the tightlipped Xbox Live service .
Oppressed People Suck
An Overlooked Sucking Sound
H. Ross Perot did not mean the crude pejorative sense of " sucking " when he popularized the phrase " giant sucking sound . "
But as a species we can suck in the pejorative way on many levels .
In this essay , I want to consider a large but unacknowledged form of grand human sucking .
Unfortunately , it is a fact whose existence is routinely denied out of sympathy , romantic fantasy , and a politically correct desire not to enhance the rhetorical arsenal of humanity 's oppressors .
The giant sound is found in this vital observation : Oppressed people suck .
A few years back in Jerusalem , prior to the latest bloodlettings , an American humanitarian who worked among poorer Palestinian Arabs made a comment to me .
She said , " Those progressive American liberals who come over , who I have to work with , are always a problem .
They idealistically think that they are coming to help people of similar values .
In fact , Palestinian society is riddled with some of the worst sexism , racism , and classism you can encounter . "
Neither suffering nor underdevelopment -- the latter being the PC word for " primitive " -- are ennobling .
Yes , oppressed people really do suck .
Before going on , however , it is important to distinguish what oppressed people sucking does not mean .
It does not mean the oppressors are justified in their oppression .
It does not mean the oppressed group is inferior in any intrinsic way .
It does not mean they are guilty for conditions they did not set up .
Nor are they guilty for having the same , if more concentrated , flaws as the rest of humanity .
Nor does it mean they are incapable of " breaking the programming " that traps them .
And it does not mean that oppressors do not suck more , at least in being oppressive .
But it does mean that oppressed people typically exhibit a set of mental states and behaviors that enables their oppression .
These cause at least three quite nasty results .
They incapacitate the oppressed .
They render the group unattractive or incomprehensible to potential supporters .
And they enable the group to be portrayed as contemptible by predatory adversaries .
Ways Oppressed People Suck
Some of the more common negative characteristics I catalogue below .
Fatalistic / Self - Hating .
Oppressed groups are kept down primarily by a feeling that there is nothing they can do .
Nature , God , or history somehow ordains their subordinate position .
Often this arises from literal superstitious - type religion .
One will find among oppressed groups a high degree of belief in the immediate presence of supernatural forces controlling their affairs .
Indeed , much of the " Third World " is gripped by this outlook .
The idea that change is impossible is internalized , low expectations become acceptable , and apathy a way of life .
Skepticism about the current order , a vital ingredient of social development , is rare .
Ignorance , already widespread through illiteracy , poor intercultural contact , and a lack of scientific enquiry , is accepted as natural and reinforces failure at every turn .
Some years back , Texas law professor Lino Graglia , a right - winger , speculated that there was a higher tolerance for failure in certain American minority groupings .
He was , of course , pilloried by the Left establishment for the common crime of issuing unpalatable truths .
George W.'s comment about the " soft bigotry of low expectations " was quite valid even if you do n't like the man who said it , and even if we forget that the low expectations weigh down most heavily from within the oppressed group .
That latter phenomenon , an offshoot of fatalism , is what is called " self - hatred . " .
It is very common and most debilitating .
Bigoted .
The observation that groups victimized by prejudice are more prejudiced than their persecutors is actually quite true .
Collectivist and tribalistic group - thinking is common to lesser - developed humanity .
They do n't get out much and strangers and their ways freak them out , even though brief encounters can be quite hospitable .
And those less - developed ( i.e. more primitive ) portions of humanity are typically humanity 's most oppressed , as they are vulnerable to more technologically and socially advanced groups .
Once a group , already prone to primitive ignorant group - think , comes to have those same group - thought habits directed at them in the most hostile and violent manner by a ruling society , that oppressed group 's susceptibility to adopting that bigoted kind of thinking in imitation and resentful response becomes extremely powerful .
Bigotry becomes chronic and second nature .
Group revenge and demonization rhetoric soars .
Farrakhan 's take root ; Muslims read the Protocols of the Elders of Zion , " one settler [ i.e. white person ] , one bullet " many South African blacks would shout .
Black comedian Chris Rock has noted that no one is more racist than old black men .
They did n't merely have difficulty hailing a cab that would pick them up , he observes with poignant parody , they were the cab .
As a result , many can often be heard , after encountering a white person , muttering with belligerent bravado about some imaginary act of challenging a " cracker . "
White supremacy in America has not been successful because it is more intense per capita , it is just that white American bigotry has simply been larger in size , and more efficient in delivery .
Boastful / Dishonest .
Being demeaned , poor , and spending life answerable to arbitrary people who do n't like you is not conducive to honesty .
Nor does it promote the display of quiet humility that is inspired by being comfortably confident and effective .
Members of oppressed groups tend to like aggressive and boastful rhetoric and can often be conspicuously dishonest in their dealings .
If you do not trust and are not trusted by those who govern your life , freedom , and income , and if the truth of one 's chronically humiliated position in life is too much to bear , the rhetoric of honesty and modesty will be hard virtues to sustain .
Self - Absorbed / Paranoid .
Oppressed people tend to think the whole society or even the whole world is obsessed with their identity problem .
" In America , it 's all about color " , you may hear .
No , it actually is n't .
It 's only a deadly or cruel habit in certain times , places , and persons .
White people in America , even the more bigoted kind , have more things to worry about than race and they do not typically go to bed at night planning new agonies for people of color , though a few still do .
" The whole world wants the Jews dead , " raves Cynthia Ozick , an otherwise sane scholar , ignoring the obvious fact that if true , it was long ago easy to have done , especially given the numbers involved .
But , when it was tried two generations ago by one very powerful regime , it met the hostile force of most of the world and that regime had to suppress information about its actions .
In the Third World especially , paranoia is everyday rhetoric .
Everything is a conspiracy .
Sometimes it seems the oppressors of the world waste more time conspiring than actually oppressing .
" The Plot " is how otherwise sympathetic British journalist Robert Fisk derisively labeled incessant talk during Lebanon 's civil war of this or that conspiracy by every power group believed to be in operation .
I suspect the pathology of all this is the fact that oppression is undergirded by larger humanity 's ignoring of the oppressed group as people of no-account .
In response then , a weird , classically paranoid , compensation for that status as nobodies is found in the belief that one is important enough to be the focus of constant obsessive hatred .
Narrow - Minded / Back - Biting .
Since oppressed groups tend to emerge from pre-existing ignorant primitive communities , narrow - minded world views worthy of backward isolated communities are common .
For such groups , small things matter most , and concepts like honor , ritual , and rhetoric take on ridiculous levels of importance , far more than practical advancement .
Women , and young girls especially , typically get the very short end of the stick , as in most primitive societies .
Grand things , and long lasting things are not of great importance partly because of the fatalism described above .
It is far more important to be the big man on the street than to cure cancer around the world , to be an obedient extended - family person than to stand out as an extraordinary individual .
Or to make fundamental changes .
Pettiness is everywhere and envy is a besetting vice .
Success is resented more than admired .
It is thus easy to divide and conquer , and easy for the oppressor to recruit traitors .
Poverty makes small amounts of cash into a powerful weapon .
The successful will always find envious detractors to attack them and divide society , and thereby slow the necessary advances and united action by the oppressed group .
As a member of a small Third World village once said to me , " We believe there are only a limited number of `slots ' available for highly successful people , and so when one person `makes it , ' it takes away from the rest of us and that creates resentment .
Instead of being happy for them , we tear them down . "
Self - destructiveness is not far behind .
Short - term , hope - deprived solutions to suffering -- drugs , theft , fatalistic religion , financial scams etc. -- trump longer ones like education , savings , and organization .
Inarticulate .
Oppressed people have a lousy time articulating their grievances .
Their societies are primitive , ignorant , and physically isolated .
They are often excluded from the education , socialization , and power - corridors of their oppressors .
( That exclusion often results from their own fatalism and poverty as well as their oppressors ' prejudices and abusiveness . )
On top of that , the dishonesty , fatalism , internal authoritarianism , and ritualized rhetoric of oppressed societies work against attempting to provide realistic and enduring formulations of honest grievances and solutions .
Instead , slogans ring out , accusations recklessly fly and then , just as quickly , peter out .
Ridiculous demands follow paranoid and fantastic analyses of the roots of the oppressed society 's troubled situation .
Hyper-reverent / Fear - filled .
One of the great ironies of long - established oppressor groups is that their internal structures have often been relatively democratic , egalitarian , and liberal societies , sometimes to a pioneering degree .
The Roman Empire , the British Empire , the early Muslim caliphate , white South Africa , " white America " are a few such examples .
The converse also works .
Oppressed societies are internally authoritarian , ready made for the roving oppressor / exploiter .
Oppressive empires rarely set up the oppressive systems they rule over ; they merely acquire them the way an expanding corporation swallows subsidiary operations .
Oppressed societies are commonly ones pre-socialized from day one through fear .
" You fear God , you do n't love Him , just as you fear the king and other figures of secular authority , " writes Palestinian author Fawaz Turki in his must - read book Exile 's Return .
" In Arab society , you may be expected to love your mother , but you must fear your father . "
Religious and family reverence , though not flaws in themselves , are super - intense , and are enforced by community pressure and outright brute force .
A Pavlovian response to authority is shaped early .
This non-participatory nature of decision - making in oppressed societies also makes their members unrealistic in intelligently evaluating the nature of their oppression or in comprehending the dynamics of power exercised by the oppressor society .
Power is seen as a simple top - down " hierarchical " operation , ordained by fate , beyond the reach of the ordinary individual .
Power is only to be feared , so it is rarely challenged , and never with confidence .
Irreverence is punished , skepticism of authority is tenuous ( even in cases where the authority is despised ) , and the habits of a slave are internalized .
Reactionary .
Oppressed societies tend to be reactionary .
One can correctly say " reactionary " in the jargonistic left - wing sense of societies riddled with violently enforced sexism , racism , and classism , traits common to more primitive groupings .
But here I mean reactionary in style .
Hemmed in by oppression , afflicted with fatalism , attracted by short - term thinking and boastful rhetoric , members of oppressed groups rarely exhibit the slow , plodding , pro-active steps needed to obtain liberation and prosperity .
Dramatic issues and persons are celebrated based upon reactive short - term confrontation value .
Glamorous bullies , thugs , and non-performers get intense and even heroic attention without much attention given to their lack of actual virtues or their failure to obtain objective success .
The cult of the bully leader or rogue flourishes .
This happens most acutely when those figures are seen as inspiring special fear and loathing from the oppressor group ( and even when the loathing they get is justified ) .
Simplistic reactionary logic applies : if the oppressor hates him and he is strongly identified by them as one of us , then he must be good .
Some examples :
The intense defense of O.J. Simpson ; the cults of Osama bin-Laden , Saddam Hussein , and Mao Tse-tung ; the sustained popularity of Marion Barry ; the renewable popularity of Yasser Arafat .
As a result of the same reactionary process , savage events like the anarchic Rodney King riots or murderous Palestinian suicide bombings are grandly re-styled " resistance " and " insurrection " .
The Advantages of Realizing Oppressed People Suck
The flaws catalogued above are actually universal human traits , both individual and communal .
However , they tend to coagulate and harden at the bottom of the social ( or international ) order .
It should be understood that members of oppressed groups do not always manifest all of the above , and that as individuals those members will display different and nuanced perspectives .
Most important , though . , is the fact that they are not doomed to these mind - traps .
Especially with visionaries like Martin Luther King , Nelson Mandela , and Gandhi at the helm , they can prove quite capable of " breaking the programming . "
Nonetheless , girding oneself with the knowledge that oppressed people suck liberates one from having to chronically defend and / or deny problems among harassed and abused communities .
Or get frustrated the first time ( and it will not be the last ) oppressed group members fail to live up to their promises to act .
We can respond " so what ? " - as the below illustrate -- to those who bring the flaws up , and then turn the discussion quickly back to the real issues :
* So what if there is a high rate of crime , drug use , illiteracy , etc. among African - Americans ?
* Oppressed people suck .*
How does that let you Mr. White Guy off the hook for treating your fellow humans with respect ?
What right does that give you to make the bigger sucking sound ?
* So what if Irish Catholics in the North of Ireland drink too much , cheer murderous terror groups , and think the British are responsible for all ills that rain down from heaven ?
* Oppressed people suck .*
Where does that allow you , Mr. Northern Irish Orangeman , the citizen of an allegedly free and democratic society , to regard your neighbor as of no account , unworthy of your neighborhood , and a threat merely because of his traditional identity and faith ?
Why should you suck too ?
* So what if too many Palestinians commit murderous terror acts , chant bigotry , and kill sexually disobedient girls ?
* Oppressed people suck .*
Is that an excuse , Mr. Israeli , to deny forever people the right to live as free and equal people in their homeland ?
* So what if Jews of early last century took over an ancestral homeland by force , dispossession , and collaboration with foreign rulers , impelled by self - absorbed self - hatred and boastful bravado , all the while decrying critics paranoiacally as bigots ?
* Oppressed people suck .*
Is that an excuse , Mr. Anti-Semite , to deny people the right to be equal human beings above suspicion , the decency to be pitied for the horrors they and loved ones barely survived , and the opportunity to feel at home wherever they may freely choose to live ?
Undoing the victimization of the oppressed , and undoing the problems within the worlds of the oppressed , are the challenges we all face .
But we should not waste time denying those problems and indulging the self - righteous " politically correct " dishonesty which emanates from the oppressed , or their advocates .
Oppressed people suck , accept that .
But oppression sucks more .
Realize that , too .
Still , some of the most giant sucking sounds will be from those of us who can make a difference , but fail to do so effectively , because our sympathy blinds us to the real forces underlying human oppression .
Documents tie shadowy US unit to inmate abuse case
By Will Dunham
Thu Jan 12 , 9:36 PM ET
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Newly released military documents show U.S. Army investigators closed a probe into allegations an Iraqi detainee had been abused by a shadowy military task force after its members used fake names and asserted that key computer files had been lost .
The documents shed light on Task Force 6 - 26 , a special operations unit , and confirmed the existence of a secret military “ Special Access Program ” associated with it , ACLU lawyer Amrit Singh said on Thursday .
The documents were released by the Army to the American Civil Liberties Union under court order through the Freedom of Information Act .
They were the latest files to provide details of the numerous investigations carried out by the Army into allegations of detainee abuse in Iraq .
A June 2005 document by the U.S. Army Criminal Investigation Command in Iraq described its investigation into suspected abuse of a detainee captured in January 2004 by Task Force 6 - 26 in Tikrit , deposed President Saddam Hussein ’s hometown .
His name was redacted , but he was mentioned as the son of a Saddam bodyguard .
The man was taken to Baghdad international airport , documents stated .
The United States maintains a prison there for “ high - value ” detainees .
He told Army investigators that U.S. personnel forced him one night to remove his clothes , walk into walls with a box over his head connected to a rope around his neck , punched him in the spinal area until he fainted , placed him in front of an air conditioner while cold water was poured on him , and kicked him in the stomach until he vomited , the documents stated .
‘ FAKE NAMES ’
Investigators could not find the personnel involved or the man ’s medical files , and the case was closed , the files stated .
A memo listed the suspected offenses as “ aggravated assault , cruelty and maltreatment . ”
“ The only names identified by this investigation were determined to be fake names utilized by the capturing soldiers , ” the memo stated .
“ 6 - 26 also had a major computer malfunction which resulted in them losing 70 percent of their files ; therefore they ca n’t find the cases we need to review . ”
The memo said the investigation should not be reopened .
“ Hell , even if we reopened it we would n’t get anymore information than we already have , ” the memo stated .
Singh said previous documents indicated Task Force 6 - 26 was linked to other instances of detainee abuse in Iraq .
“ This document suggests that Task Force 6 - 26 was part of a larger , clandestine program that we think may have links with high - ranking officials , because obviously someone high up had the authority to put this program in place , ” Singh said in a telephone interview .
Army spokesman Paul Boyce said the Army had taken allegations of detainee abuse “ extremely seriously . ”
“ The Army has gone to great extent in travel , interviews , documentation and concern to make sure that each and every allegation was thoroughly reviewed , thoroughly examined and , when appropriate , acted upon either through nonjudicial or judicial punishment , ” Boyce said .
A document stated Army investigators were not able to fully investigate suspects and witnesses because they were involved in the Special Access Program and due to the classified nature of their work .
The task force is stationed out of Fort Bragg , North Carolina , the document said .
The base houses the Army Special Operations Command .
